<review# 1,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2014,11/26/2014,11,3,3,7,3>Finally, amazing Ethiopian is back in Jax!!I really enjoy traditional Ethiopian fare but sadly have been without since the closing of Queen of Sheeba.  After reading the positive reviews on Ibex, I was excited and hopeful for a new place to get my fix.  Ibex did not disappoint!Upon walking in, my boyfriend and I were warmly greeted and sat.  We began our experience with a comforting warm aromatic, Ethiopian spiced tea and sambusa which is a pastry stuffed with lentils.  We then moved on to the traditional doro wat dish (my fav) and the vegetarian platter.  The injera is made daily in house and was delicious and fresh.  The service was very friendly and attentive, even the chef stopped by to check in.  We very much enjoyed our experience from beginning to end and plan on returning frequently for quality, fresh home cooking!
<review# 2,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2014,11/25/2014,52,53,2,3,3>I visited the food truck today and ordered the mozzarella and balsamic tomato salad. It came with garlic bread.  It was great. The service and conversation was very nice!
<review# 3,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2014,11/24/2014,109,351,2,7,7>I really like going into a small restaurant and seeing a limited menu.  That, to me, means they know how to focus on a few things and really knock them out of the park.  I even mentioned that to my dining companions when we arrived.   Last night Park Avenue Bistro proved me right!I went to dinner with Maya C and she has done a better job than I ever could describing our food and our wonderful evening.  I'll just add a few things: 1 - a first for me.. i ordered a second helping of the mozzarella and tomato appetizer for the next day because it was THAT good.  Home made mozzarella, roma tomatoes, fresh garlic, fresh basil and greek olives.  I wanted to lick my plate.2 - HOUSEMADE limoncello.  Does it get much better than that?  Our server, Rosie, offered some to us and I jumped at the opportunity.  As soon as I started sipping it i could immediately tell it was indeed made from scratch.  Sooo good.  I joked around about bringing my yelp flask in to be filled up as a leftover.  If they sold it by the bottle I'd be their best customer.  Have I raved enough about it?  Just go.  Go and eat yourself silly and then get the limoncello to get the digestion going.3 - Maya mentioned how reasonable this place is.  I'll be specific.  I had TWO appetizers, two Peroni beers, the flounder (which came with salad and homemade italian dressing, fresh bread and vegetables), dessert and a diet coke.. for $64.  I honestly expected to see a 3 digit bill and i didn't care at that point.  Shoot, it's probably good i didn't know about how low my bill was going to be because I would have ended up with two desserts as well! I can't wait to have my leftovers!  This place ranks pretty up there as the best meal I've had in Jacksonville.
<review# 4,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2014,11/23/2014,30,21,5,5,4>Ok, just had lunch there. You can't beat the lunch price of $5.29 with drink. However, the portion may, or may not, fill you up. I had the Sweet and Sour Chicken with white steamed rice as I DON'T EAT PORK. The menu said soup or drink included, so I had Barqs Rootbeer. I'm putting a 4 since the portion may not feel you up, but I'm not putting a 3 since the place is clean, the owner was pleasant to talk to.. though she speaks little English and myself little Chinese.  And not a 5 due to the place is not perfect, BUT I will be back!!#
<review# 5,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2014,11/22/2014,171,323,4,6,4>OK, I absolutely love everything offered in Earth Gifts!  And although I buy a lot of my metaphysical and spiritual items online from the comfort of my home, this place is so wickedly cool I just love to come in and see what they have.  First of all, I love all of the smells right when you walk in.  Give me Nag Champa any day and introduce me to a new crystal & you will see one VERY happy girl!  They also offer herbs, books, incense and scents for the home, tarot decks, occult items, soap, perfume oil, essential oils, candles and pretty much anything for those who are into more "earthy" things.  This is a great store on the westside that has a little bit of something for everyone.  And on certain days according to their website, they offer readings.  You can book a reading with their in-house psychic, Paolo Santo (30 minutes for $30) or attend private psychic development classes and past-life regressions.  Although it hasn't happened yet, I do look forward to having one done in the future.  Love & Light   ;)
<review# 6,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2014,11/21/2014,30,603,1,2,2>I enjoyed my dinner here the other night. This is a nice Chinese restaurant on beach boulevard. I had the honey shrimp, wonton soup, and chicken chow fun noodles. The menu is a mix of Chinese, Thai, and sushi so it can be a bit overwhelming, but there is something for everyone. I would return! The staff is also very friendly.
<review# 7,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2014,11/20/2014,28,80,1,5,5>One word, amazing!   More must be said though. The Fancy Cafe is beautiful inside, softly lit and bathed in blue accents. The menu is extensive with soups, noodle dishes, sushi, tempura, hibachi and more. I had the Shrimp Tempura Bento which was presented perfectly and  was delicious. Very fresh with bright flavors. It was a plentiful spread.  The service was also friendly and efficient.  I believe this place will soon become a star in the area.
<review# 8,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2014,11/19/2014,72,204,5,5,4>It was clearly a case of Serendipity that we happened upon this cool venue on the 2nd floor of Nordstrom's with a southern view overlooking extensive parking and Seasons 52. With a prompt reservation via Open Table, we arrived on time to find an upbeat and modern restaurant that was happy we had darkened its doors.The experience of dining there seemed to be a very pleasant blur of time because everything seemed to be working perfectly like a rhythm section locking into a jazzy groove to keep the crowd moving and shaking to the beat. Moving on an eclectic and simple menu, the service supported moments very attentively as the kitchen played the melodies on the plates. We did not wonder for long how this new restaurant in an upscale department store in the St. John's Town Center was taking its local competition to school by simply executing the menu selections perfectly. For example, my friend had the steak with an herbed butter sauce and I had the stunning angel hair pasta and chicken....the fresh tomato sauce was bursting with a resilient quality I have rarely seen.Yes, I know your question...where is the "wow" in that? How many of the finest restaurants in Jacksonville, FL could mess that up? Unfortunately, the answer is too many....I will be sending kitchen grade thermometers out for Christmas to the places I forgave.Bazille is one of a handful of restaurants that gets it right with brave fresh flavors and....a fat chocolate cake that I will remember for a long time.
<review# 9,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/9/2014,11/18/2014,291,125,3,4,3>Good food. Great presentation. Impressive menu. OK service for its busy first week. The Floridian omelette was nice and the crab meat gave it an extra twist.
<review# 10,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2014,11/17/2014,73,43,5,4,5>I have been to Sushi Factory for years now, ever since they've first opened.  For a while, the wife and I, plus another friend, would go there regularly on a weekly basis.  Lately, we have not been able to go as often due to work and travel schedule.  But every time I think of having sushi in Jacksonville, Sushi Factory is still the first place that come to my mind.The owners of Sushi Factory are almost always there, and they are the nicest people.  They do very much care about the food they serve and the customers that frequent their shop.  We avoid going during busy lunch hours because the lunch rush is crazy.  We usually go for early or late dinner so we can enjoy a nice and quiet delicious meal.We enjoy a variety of sushi and sashimi and especially love their specialty rolls like four season roll and magic roll.  Sometimes, we order fried rice, stir fried udon or habachi grill items.  Everything always taste fresh and delicious.  We've also chat with the owners and/or sushi chefs to tell them what we like or to surprise us.  I recommend many friends to try Sushi Factory and suggest to them if they feel adventurous, to strike up a conversation with the sushi chef / sushi chef owner, and be pleasantly surprised.
<review# 11,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2014,11/16/2014,40,93,3,3,3>First let me say parking is a little crazy especially when the delivery trucks are blocking the parking spaces. Now that that's out of the way...I kept seeing mixed reviews of this place so I couldn't wait to try it for myself.I picked a day for lunch here where the weather absolutely gorgeous, but not gorgeous enough to sit out on the patio near the lake as the sun was shining a little too much. Not to mention, the Upper Deck was full of FSU fans watching the game and we wanted to be able to converse without interruptions. We got a nice table inside, downstairs and away from the crowd near a window that overlooked the patio and the lake. I had to a order the Painkiller #2 because of all hype and because I had a free Painkiller drink coupon received from one of the food events Pusser's attended, the Best of Jax Party. I can honestly say that it was ok. I never had drink topped off with nutmeg so that was a nice touch, but the drink was watered down. I wasn't that hungry so I ordered the Jerk Chicken & and Pineapple Quesadilla appetizer. I was about to order something else when our waiter told us that the Quesadilla was huge portion, so that was all I ordered. When it came out, I was surprised that it was in a wheat tortilla, not a bad surprise but a good one even though that isn't listed on the menu. It was fabulous with the mango salsa, sour cream, and guacamole. Dat mango salsa tho! Big chunks of soft juicy mango with corn, cucumbers, tomatoes, green onions, onions and cilantro. Deliciousness. One of my friends let me sample her Cuban black bean soup, also very good. All of my dining companions agreed that their entrees were excellent and that they would love to come back. I'm sure we will.
<review# 12,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/4/2014,11/15/2014,47,121,1,3,3>The hostess was very sweet and staff at bar just as nice. I live the whole 1920s vibe going on here. The drinks are old fashioned classics with a few new and creative mixes. It's cool how all the glasses have different shapes and cuts of ice. I enjoyed a nice conversation at the bar with other people waiting on a table and everyone was raving about the drinks. Lots of people just having a great time! Our meal was very good. I can't think of anything negative to say at all. I usually go with four stars on a good dinner and five if its out of this world. Not sure I'm ready to give a five star review just yet. I am planning on going back tonight to get my husbands thoughts. I definitely feel they need to take reservations! My main reason for taking away a star. I know they want to have you wait at the bar to spend more money but they need alot more seats for that. There are two long benches downstairs to sit and wait on but they are very uncomfortable in this long dark room that feels like the old jail. I can't wait to take the tour of the vodka distillery next time!
<review# 13,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2014,11/14/2014,29,75,2,3,4>Free tasting and no tip jars. We got there and was warmly greeted and was shown upstairs to sample five rotating wines. Like another yelper stated- u was blown away by the prices. Makes we buy more bottles. Such a fun way to entertain guests in town and such a rustic and classy place. Will be back and thank you!!!
<review# 14,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2014,11/13/2014,90,110,2,3,5>Love this practice, Dr. Chad and Dr. Andrea are the sweetest and the service is top notch. The staff is always helpful and welcoming, plus there is never a wait. My favorite part is I can not only feel but actually see the results with the back scans that show the improvement from the beginning to the end of my treatment plan. The appointments are quick, so I can easily go and get adjusted on my lunch break which helps to fit into my busy schedule.
<review# 15,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2014,11/12/2014,181,120,3,7,5>"Marinara sauce on an Italian Sandwich??? This is either going to be worst idea ever---or the *BEST* idea ever!" I thought to myself as I placed my order today at the newly opened Gandolfo's.Well! Let me tell you. IT WAS THE BEST SANDWICH I HAVE HAD ALL YEAR!!!!!Jacksonville has a new amazing Deli and I don't know if I can ever go back to anything else! The amazing sandwich I got was called the "Mama Leone." The sandwich was packed thickly with savory Ham, salami, pepperoni, provolone, parmesan, tomato, onions, marinated mushrooms, and green peppers all tied together with marinara sauce! This sandwich was ridiculously delicious. In fact, I kept yelling, "OH my GOSH this is sooooooo GOOD!" loudly from my office to no one in particular the entire time I was eating it.  I thought the Marinara sauce was just going to be a layer on top of the sandwich but it tasted more like all the elements had been soaked in the Marinara sauce beforehand to bring the symphony of Italian flavors really together. I really cannot recommend this delicious sandwich enough! GO NOW and get it! Gandolfo's is right nearby the Starbucks and Your Pie Southeside by the Tinsel Town area. I know I've got a new favorite place for lunch now!!!!
<review# 16,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2014,11/11/2014,37,46,,4,2>Purchased food from this truck at the OP event @ Bestbet. I arrived close to closing time and JT was the only only truck that still had a stream of visitors. After stopping by a few others, I returned and was pleasantly surprised. The owners were very nice and open. I had the chicken Huaraches and loved every bit. I miss living in TX and it was very close to authentic street fare found at the local l, Mexican owned places. The fresh limeade was light and refreshing. It had a little bite and wasn't tangy or too sweet (my preference).
<review# 17,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2014,11/10/2014,307,776,3,5,4>It's much better at Hemming Plaza. This is a bigger spot so they can bring in more of everything. They have farmer market vendors like Twin Bridges and Black hog farms. They also had a cluster of clothing trucks from Sally Ann Handmade fashions to belle of the boulevard and even a couple more that I have forgotten their name. I did get to talk to Sally and she's says they are coming out with some more male gender oriented stuff. They also had a bunch more food trucks and you know that make me a happy fat guy. The weather was great again not a cloud in the sky. Nice and cool with a little breeze.  Oh yea Aster was there with her soon to be world famous macarons.  I had to eat one just cause. I know her and things always taste better when you know who made them. So another great night for Mike and Jaxson Night Market.
<review# 18,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2014,11/9/2014,40,82,3,4,5>One of the best pedicures I've ever received! If you're going on a weekend, make a call ahead appt at 9am. I had a Deluxe pedicure and regular manicure with brow was. Got an hour or more of work done and it came to $60. Henry was very polite, professional , meticulous and attentive. I was missing my old salon after moving to this side of town, but think I've found my new home salon:)
<review# 19,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2014,11/8/2014,67,131,3,3,3>I swoon over things like Vagabond coffee. It's one of those things that you have to take out of town guests to. Vagabond coffee is a vintage trailer made up to serve coffee out of. Not only is it the cutest logo and well thought out design you're getting pretty darn good coffee out of it. Not only that, you're supporting local and a dream someone had. Sometimes they have baked goods for sale but you're mostly going to go here for the coffee. Espresso based drinks, drip coffee, chemex, pour over, etc. I think as  much as they'd like to be purest they added vanilla and chocolate syrup and milk alternative to their menu. You will need follow them through social media to find out where they will be located. You can also book them for events. How great! I only knocked a star because as much as I love Bold Bean I wish I had some more options from our great city of coffee. Maybe as they get bigger and perhaps one day become a brick and mortar place they'll be able to rotate out different roasters.
<review# 20,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2014,11/7/2014,59,42,2,5,4>The local newspaper wrote that this restaurant is a "tasty fusion of Caribbean and Southern-style barbeque", so that is the reason I decided to visit Bow Leg's bbq.One of the owners of this place is from Barbados, that is why some of the menu items taste a little different from the regular southern style bbq. For example, the Bow beans have this orangy flavor that I consider good, but I prefer the standard/regular flavor. If you are not ready to try a new flavor for baked beans, do not try them.I had the chicken platter and bow cole slaw and bow beans.  What I like was the big side portions and the tasty chicken. When I arrived to this restaurant, I was welcome with a chicken wing! That was a free sample! Everyone else was very nice and helpful. This is a big plus for us, the ones who enjoy great customer service.One note, they had three different sauces, all of them have an expiration date.I enjoyed this restaurant very much. I intend to be back soon.
<review# 21,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2014,11/6/2014,2,61,1,3,2>This place is kind of a local legend. 3 different bars restaurants. First place has live music sometimes it's a little cheesy. Middle bar is comfortable and casual. Right side is quieter. Food here is consistently good. Highly recommend it.
<review# 22,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2014,11/5/2014,41,49,2,5,3>My husband and I love this fun restaurant located in Atlantic Beach. The decor is very interesting, they have pages from Edger Allen Poes book and EAP's voice reading sections of his book to you in the restrooms. They also have outdoor seating which is great because you can bring your furbaby :)   They have a veggie burger option and lots of choices of unique flavored burgers! My husband always gets a burger with salsa and guacamole or queso  cheese and a fried egg. He raves about both burgers. They also have a delicious slaw side item, it had bleu cheese and white vinegar. It is great! My hubby also raves about the beer selection.
<review# 23,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2014,11/4/2014,1,12,1,3,2>I probably get food delivered from these guys 2-3 days a week. I love their Arepas with Ropa Vieja, lentils and tostones. Arepas are corn cakes like they have in Ecuador and Venezuela, Ropa vieja is a flavorful beef dish where the beef is cooked so that it falls apart. Tostones are fried plaintains- they also have yucca fries, which are also good. My friend gets the chicken soups with extra chicken. Every several days, I just get that craving. . .that's how good it is.
<review# 24,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2014,11/3/2014,9,6,2,4,4>This is good Indian food in general and pretty great Indian food for Jacksonville. I started with the Gobi Manchurian and it was a little more breaded and heavily sauced than the only other time I had it, which was at one of the best Indian places in Chicago, so it isn't really a fair comparison. That said, it was good and something I would order again.For an entree, my typical baseline dish is lamb vindaloo. I asked the waiter if there was something comparable, but better, and he told me I should get the Karaikudi Goat Curry. He substituted the goat for lamb, since I didn't feel like dealing with the bone, and I ordered it very spicy, or the equivalent of a 5 on a 1-5. This was an amazing dish. Tons of meat in a rich, delicious sauce. Nose was runny and my eyes watered a little, but I'm not a fire eater so this was a very edible 5. I had a side of garlic naan to sop up the sauce and was in heaven.The service was absolutely excellent here. I realized about 3 minutes after ordering that I accidentally pointed at the Gobi 65 when I ordered so I called my waiter over and he fixed it right away. I was only drinking soda and that, and my water glass, were always full. I will definitely be back.
<review# 25,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2014,11/2/2014,36,44,3,4,2>This is one of my favorite places to go for a special occasion in Jax. I have been here twice- once for my birthday and once for my boyfriend and I's anniversary-and both times the service was impeccable and the food was top notch. They had confetti on the table, many of the staff stopped by to wish us happy anniversary/birthday, and they even took our picture and put it in a card for us to remember the occasion. The way that they acknowledge your special occasion is classy and personal-no being forced to sit on a saddle while the restaurant "Woo-hoo's" your birthday, or enduring a loud, off-key screaming rendition of "Happy Birthday," by less-than-enthusiastic waitstaff here. At Capital Grille, they acknowledge your event in a way that makes you feel special and they don't have to stop the entire dining room to do it.The food is, in a word, fantastic. The mac and cheese is some of the best I have ever had, and their steaks are phenomenal. The Delmonico was absolutely huge-we definitely had leftovers to take home. Their soups are creamy and rich. The salmon was also incredibly flavorful. The fish was cooked just right and was tender and flaky. They brought out a little dessert plate with a creme brûlée-type dessert and a flourless chocolate cake. Both were delicious. Everything about both meals was perfect. Steaks were cooked as requested, food came out hot and in a timely manner, and water glasses never left the half-full mark. What puts this place over the top for me is their service. They go above and beyond to make sure that their guests are taken care of, and the personal touches like the signed "happy birthday" card on the table really made the whole meal special. I highly recommend this place if you are looking for somewhere nice to celebrate, or if you want a quality experience that includes both a delicious and well-planned menu and attentive service. This will definitely be my restaurant of choice for future special occasions and I can't wait to go back. Five stars!
<review# 26,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2014,11/1/2014,38,43,1,5,3>So my husband and I went here tonight for dinner. It was 8:30 on a Thursday night when we walked in. We were thinking we'd grab a quick bite and go home, just wanted to try a new place but nothing special.Well....that was not the case at all! As soon as we met Claudio, the owner, we were ordering appetizers and bottles of wine. He was an amazing host, telling us about the history of Italy and his hometown, Milano. Everything he recommended was spot on!! The fried calamari appetizer is seriously the best calamari I have ever had!We both got a seafood pasta fish for dinner. Mine was the black squid ink pasta, which Claudio told me his son sends the squid ink straight from Rome. The last time I had this dish was in Little Italy in Boston, and this one was just as good! We both had a dessert too. I got the chocolate and ice cream and pastry flambé and my husband got the grandfather of tiramisu which was amazing! His was basically panettone cake with a homemade cream sauce. Claudio made us espresso at the end of dinner and a shot of banana liquor like a limoncello but better. Our Thursday night quick bite turned into an incredible dinning experience. Appetizer, bread with their homemade green sauce, pasta, dessert, and wine were all amazing! Total bill for an appetizer, two seafood pasta dishes, a bottle of red, two desserts, and coffee was $113 before tip. Lots of little extras like the Italian sausage that they bring out with the bread and the banana liquor that you just won't find at a chain restaurant! A little much for a random Thursday night but I will definitely be back! Made me feel like we were in Italy....and then we left and were standing in the Winn Dixie parking lot :))
<review# 27,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2014,10/31/2014,161,465,3,5,4>Our party of four went to dinner tonight at Mikey's Pizza per my brother-in-law's recommendation.  I am so glad he did because we all loved it.  Between the four of us, we shared a fried mozzarella appey, a 12 by 12 thick crust meat lover pizza, a small NY style combo pizza, and spaghetti with sausage.  We had to take half a pizza home because it was so much food.I LOVED their pizza.  My husband is a thick crust fan, and he really enjoyed the meat lover pizza.  I was only able to eat one slice of it and was pleasantly surprised that it was not as greasy as other thick crust pizza I tried at other places.  The NY style pizza was just so delicious.  Part of it is personal preference.  I've always preferred the thinner crust than thick.  But the pizza is so flavorful with fresh ingredients and delicious crust.Besides delicious pizza, the service was impeccable.  It was actually funny because my brother-in-law walked in like he knew the owner or something.  They were all smiles and chit chatting with us, super friendly.  Then after dinner, I asked him how long and how often he's been to Mikey's that they were that friendly to us... He told us, once.  ONCE?!  That's how friendly they were.I am sure we'll be going back to Mikey's again soon.
<review# 28,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2014,10/30/2014,13,12,1,1,1>A small mom and pop place with great food and a nice home cooking feel. The wait staff were nice and the atmosphere was a nice relaxed family place. The mahi  was fresh and cooked perfectly, plenty of hush puppies that were also some of the best I have had and the kids menus had a great assortment of things. The scallops were great.
<review# 29,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2014,10/29/2014,80,98,2,4,5>Talk about a time when direct mail advertising really worked. I found the menu in my mailbox when I got home from work. I had no intention of ordering Chinese and tossed it aside. After an extended happy hour in AB, I realized I didn't want to go pick up dinner, and found the New Wok menu. I looked them up on Yelp to find 4 stars. My last Chinese delivery order ended in disaster (Choi's), I decided to give it a try. Yelp indicated that they were closing in 20 mins. I called in a panic, expecting them to tell me they weren't taking any more delivery orders. Thankfully, they said no problem. I ordered the chicken lo mien combo (which comes with fried rice and an egg roll). They told me I didn't meet the $10 minimum for delivery (that's fair), so I ordered the wonton soup, knowing I'd have Chinese food for the entire weekend. She asked if I had cash and I didn't so I gave her my card over the phone - didn't seem like a big deal. About 20 minutes later, the food arrives at my door. The portions were huge (I probably ate 1/10th of it) and delicious, as far as delivery Chinese goes. This will definitely be my go-to! So glad they sent me that menu :).
<review# 30,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2014,10/28/2014,60,66,1,2,2>Trad's has the friendliest, most knowledgeable, and most helpful staff. They do not hesitate to share their expertise. Anytime we come here, someone is always there to assist us and even walk with us as we choose plants for different types of planting spaces. Please ask them what grows best where to avoid gardening disappointments.They also have a good selection of pottery with better prices than Rockaway Garden Center although the latter has a better selection of succulents and veggies/herbs. Trad's however beats every other nursery that I have been to in the variety of bamboos available and so far every plant that we have purchased here has thrived well. Check them out today and revamp your gardens to increase curb appeal and real estate value ;)
<review# 31,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2014,10/27/2014,28,66,1,8,4>Outstanding bakery.  You absolutely must go here.  A few weeks back we tried some of their sandwiches and they were delicious.  I had the BBT which was bacon, basil, and green tomato which was so good.  They have a selection of baked goods every day, but you have to get their early because they do sell out.  They have a flour-less chocolate and walnut cookie which was gooey and soft, but not super sweet which I like.  They also have a salted caramel pecan cookie that was seriously one of the most delicious cookies I have tasted in a long time.  Apparently they are quite popular even among the employees as the girl behind the counter thanked me for buying them so she can stop!  :)  My children are particularly fond of their chocolate chip cookies.
<review# 32,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2014,10/26/2014,25,170,4,5,3>Absolutely fan-freaking-tastic!! Their desserts are so much more than just sweet. I had the mousse in a jar thing and it was divine. The sky opened up, a beam of light shined down and you could hear a choir of angels, it was that good. It was at the end of our girl's night out and everybody could pick something out, even our picky peeps. Everything was full flavor and each bite was a religious experience. Oh, and if you order the jar thing like I did, they'll give you the lid and you won't need to carry around a to go box. Just slip that  sucker in your purse and snack at your leisure. That's if you have left overs of course. Not that portion size is small because it most definitely is not. It's just that you really have to force yourself to stop stuffing your mouth full of their chocolatey goodness.
<review# 33,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2014,10/25/2014,9,45,1,5,3>I called to see if it was possible to get my German Shepherd a bath and brush. Even though it was last minute they happily fit her in. After about 1h15m, my dog was ready. They did an awesome job on her. She smelled good, had a soft coat, and didn't have the giant clumps of undercoat working out of her coat.   The facility was huge and was clean. It didn't smell like dogs. The staff I spoke with were all very friendly. I would recommend this place to anyone in need of a dog grooming.
<review# 34,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2014,10/24/2014,0,13,1,5,2>Just what I expect from an Argentinian steak place.  Authentic sausages they make in house, good steaks, sweetbreads, etc.  Nice flavors.  Get the mixed grill if you're new to this cuisine ... make sure you try the "black" sausage, too.  I grew to love these when I lived in Miami, and Visconde's does them well.They opened only recently and the decor/lighting could be "warmer," but I'd say give them try.  Note that they also close relatively early.
<review# 35,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2014,10/23/2014,4,10,1,5,5>I take my dog and 2 cats here for all of their check ups and non-life threatening emergencies.  It's not much to look at (inside or out) but it is always clean and well-kept.  If this is how they keep costs low, I'm fine with that. I rarely ever have to wait longer than 10 minutes to be seen and the staff remembers me on sight (might be me, might be the dog- he's pretty memorable). They are always incredibly friendly and helpful.  When I first adopted him as a stray he was serviced for a neuter and a skin condition at First Coast No More Homeless Pets.  They did some of his shots but since it's on the other side of town, Pet Shots was able to take his records from there and get him on a program with them which included extended care for his skin and ears. They are great with cats as well and were very helpful in getting mine on a flea and heartworm regimen. They have never tried to up-sell me on anything, only recommending what is necessary for my pets well-being.  They are wonderful with animals, lovely with people and exceptionally helpful and convenient.  I recommend them to everybody.
<review# 36,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2014,10/22/2014,53,302,3,7,3>I felt like I needed a more "adult" place to get my hair cut and since I knew my friend loved her hairdresser at Hawthorn, I decided to make an appointment. When I checked their website I saw that curly hair is one of Martha's specialities, I was set.I was able to make an appointment online, which is a big plus for me. I always think about these type of things at odd times so it's nice to be able to make my appointment whenever the mood strikes.Anyhoo, I had a 10am appointment and while we got started a few minutes late, I could not have been happier with the experience! I have hair that is not totally curly but definitely not straight. Anyone with similar hair knows how easy it is to get a bad haircut when your hair isn't the most predictable. I told Martha about my hair and how I usually get it cut and she got it right away. She explained exactly how she was going to put in the layers so that my hair is easy to style and low maintenance (just wanted what I wanted).  It wasn't one of those awkward hair cut conversations that are weird and uncomfortable, Martha and I just chatted away and before I knew it, we were done. She blew my hair out really nicely, explained the products she was using, etc. I absolutely love the cut and also loved that Martha did it in a way that doesn't mean my hair will go nuts if I don't make it back in in exactly 8 weeks. The price, of course, is higher than a lot of places around town but I am really happy with the whole experience. Everyone was super friendly, the place is really cute, and Martha was just awesome.
<review# 37,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2014,10/21/2014,19,48,2,5,3>We stopped by the Sandollar on our way home from Huguenot Memorial Park for a late lunch. It is right on the water of the St. John's River, with all the Jacksonville port traffic going in and out, so we enjoyed beautiful views watching the boats going back & forth. What a great place to relax!  They offer a wide selection of surf and turf for any size appetite, but I usually go for some type of seafood, and this time I tried the fish tacos- YUM!!! Very reasonable prices for waterfront dining. Our service was exceptional, and we will definitely return!
<review# 38,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2014,10/20/2014,52,65,3,5,5>i would not take my dog Waylon anywhere else!! he has been treated at St Francis since ive had him..i took him somewhere else (wont mention the name) and was told i should just put him down since he had heartworms..i wanted a second opinion and ended up here..they put him on some medicine and 6 months later he was all better! ive had my dog 4 years and even tho i know he doesnt "like" going to the vet, they are so nice to him, and me and we couldnt be happier with them!
<review# 39,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2014,10/19/2014,48,58,1,2,3>In case you've not already heard, stop what you're doing and get yourself some lobster corn dogs! I already am a fan of anything "corn dog" inspired (other fans should check out Derby on Park's Corn Dog!), and the lobster corn dogs from Chew Chew are a new personal favorite. You get three small tempura-fried "dogs" to an order, and they're served with a deliciously tangy mustard sauce. My lobster was perfectly cooked, sweet, and tender. No chewiness here, and frankly, better prepared than other lobster I've had in some "fine dining" restaurants! Be sure to save that mustard sauce because you're going to want to dunk your kettle chips in it! We also enjoyed the Korean BBQ Melt. They use short ribs (ok, they had me at short ribs), melted Gouda Cheese (an under-appreciated cheese in my book!), and top it all with a spicy kimchee coleslaw. Served on two thick slices of sourdough, this sandwich will satisfy any appetite! We actually couldn't eat it all at once so I'm also happy to report that this sandwich keeps well and we enjoyed it later in the day as well (FYI for those whose eyes are bigger than their stomachs!) One thing I particularly enjoyed about visiting Chew Chew was the two gentlemen working the truck. Genuinely friendly, they were excited to talk about their menu and interested in talking to the customer. We got there when there was no one else in line so it was nice to have a moment to chat with these lovely folks. Clearly, these guys understand how to combine sweet/sour/salty flavors in their dishes and are OK with using more high end ingredients to achieve delicious results! I'll keep my eye on these guys to keep pushing the envelope and take some risks with their flavors and culinary inspirations, I feel that they absolutely have the capacity to make some home runs!
<review# 40,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2014,10/18/2014,43,131,5,7,4>My favorite food Mavens @jaxrestreviews told me I had to try this place and I believed them.  They were so right.  I remember this spot from years ago, what a wonderful improvement.  Bright, open space; waterfall wall and pond with ceramic black and white fish.  Keeps the water nice and clean. Lots of soft pink and blue neon lighting and a large central ceiling light with hanging fish decore.  The hot tables are well laid out and marked above each dish.  I have never seen any as clean and well maintained as what was here.  I think the trick was they did not fill anything up but refilled often keeping the food fresh and hot  at all times.  The Hitachi  trays were well stocked with a variety of protein and vegetables.   My dinner companion visited twice.  Me I went for all things fried.  Salt and pepper frog legs, huge moist tastes just like chicken.   Salt and pepper shrimp and squid just out of the fryer deemed excellent! Also fresh clams and mussels.   I could go on and on but well just go try it.  No beer, Wine or Sake.   No Amex cards.   Service is prompt and dirty plates whisked away.  Smiling staff eager to please.  For two of us the bill was 23$$ plus change.
<review# 41,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2014,10/17/2014,4,14,3,3,3>Love this little hidden gem! My family came after watching the sunrise at the beach. Food was good. My kids ate it all, which is a bonus! Great food for the best price!
<review# 42,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2014,10/16/2014,115,88,7,6,5>The past couple weeks I've had a hankering for ice cream. Near insatiable. It made me realize there's no good ice cream at jax beach! Froyo for days, but none of the real good stuff! That was until I found out about Whit's.Now it's been explained to me that custard is pretty much like ice cream, just made differently. Close enough for me! This place is killer. I've had the black raspberry chocolate and the Mud Pie, which is mocha custard with caramel and crushed cookies 'n cream. Both were as decadent as I could of hoped for and hit the spot froyo couldn't scratch. They seem to do a daily rotation of flavors so it's wise to check the website first. They also offer a variety of flavors in pints that you can purchase at any time. Thanks for being a shining light in an otherwise dark, bleak, ice cream-less city.
<review# 43,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2014,10/15/2014,29,81,2,7,5>Here we have a true hole in the wall restaurant. Had the chicken and pork tacos as well as the quesadillas. I liked the chicken better btw. The tacos are topped with pineapple, purple cabbage, shredded carrot, and a special sauce.  Different? I agree, but it tasted pretty good. Good sized tacos. I was done after two. Not a good neighborhood but a good taco.  Good enough for me to come back. No tables so be prepared to order and enjoy elsewhere.
<review# 44,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2014,10/14/2014,46,35,1,2,2>I am not a food truck aficionado of any sort at all, but I will have to tell you that there were three in Hemming Plaza on the date that I ventured out for a lunch.  Not wanting to resort to the old standby (a sub or a salad), a colleague and I took upon the notion that we were going to have to try something new.  Choices, choices, choices.  First was a Mexican type truck and then there was a Mediterranean food truck, but what we couldn't pas up was Mama's.  The board was interesting enough and to maintain our attention so I went to YELP for a quick review of past Yelpers.  Lo and behold, the empanadas were predominantly spoken highly of and there they were...sitting on display just above my eye's level, sitting on the counter under a heat lamp.  They were also given top billing on the Food trucks' menu board.  Beef was said to be "excellent", according to Yelpers, but the offer was for one or two empanadas, so I chose the two and asked for one beef and one chicken.  I found both to be equally delicious.  I would say that I was pleasantly surprised with the quality of the food that was being offered by Mama's and the service was handled with smiles and appreciation for patronizing them over the others.  If you see Mama's Food out there, give them a try.  You won't regret it.
<review# 45,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2014,10/13/2014,45,489,2,2,2>Great spot to grab some delicious Chinese take-out. I hadn't had Chinese in a while, and boy did this place hit the spot.I like that it's located in the large Publix plaza, meaning there's plenty of parking, and you can stop in and grab some food while shopping or running errands.The restaurant is fairly small, although there are a few tables available if you want to eat in. I was immediately served when I walked to the counter by a very friendly host. She took my order, and I had my food in about 7 minutes.The servings were pretty generous for the price, certainly enough to eat a full meal and have leftovers for lunch, or a hungover breakfast. I ordered the vegetable lo mein and General Tsao's chicken, and they were both excellent. Cooked just right- and I love the spicy sweet of the chicken. I also really enjoyed the durable take out containers- nothing worse than a leaky, greasy paper container. These were nice, solid plastic.Overall- a great place to grab a quick lunch or especially some take out. The food was delicious, price was right, and good service on top. Definitely recommended for those in the area.
<review# 46,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2014,10/12/2014,78,61,4,7,6>One of my friends and I recently made a visit to Mama Q's Pizza for lunch and I am so happy I have another fabulous pizza joint to frequent because  I love me some pizza pies!  While visiting, I found out that Mama Q's is coming up on their first anniversary so they are relatively new in town! I don't know how you feel about chain pizza restaurants vs. locally owned pizza restaurants...but I prefer the latter.  Mama Q's is family owned, small and quaint with food that packs a huge punch!  That's exactly what I love about non-franchise pizza establishments and they also deliver to surrounding areas, which is another added bonus!  While there, I also found out that they shred cheese and make dough in house, daily.  They also use locally grown produce as often as possible. The painted murals on their walls were done by art students from one of our local high schools!  I love that!Now on to the food!!!Soooo bread is a gift from the heavens above lol...there's no denying how much I love it....as a matter of fact, I'm not sure I know anyone who loves bread more than me.  With that being said, I decided to order the garlic knots even though I was planning on ordering a pizza as well.  Don't judge.  They were amazing and we could smell them baking while we were waiting which just built up the anticipation to indulge in them.We wanted a pizza that was reminiscent of a supreme style pizza so we ordered the Mama Q's "Kitchen Sink" pizza!  It was phenomenal!  It came with pepperoni, sausage, green peppers, red onions, and mushrooms. This pizza was delicious and the veggies were so fresh!  The two of us could've ate the entire pizza in that one sitting along with all of the garlic knots and dessert but we decided not to be little piglets and took some to go.For dessert we got the Cinnamon Maple Sticks.  Of course they were yummy.  The sticks were buttery and cinnamon'y and the dipping sauce was unexpected.  I was expecting a white icing but got this maple icing instead which was a nice surprise. We enjoyed Mama Q's!  The pizza we got was delicious and I'm looking forward to going back and trying some of their more unique pizzas like the  Mama Q's "Mashed Potato Pizza" and "Clams Casino Pizza"!  Sounds enticing doesn't it!  If you are in town, take a trip to the Mandarin area for some Mama Q's, you'll be glad you did!
<review# 47,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2014,10/11/2014,64,149,2,3,2>We decided to go here because of some of the reviews we had read on here and to just try something new out. We like this place. It's definitely got the home cooked vibe and when you get your food it's like you went to your friends house which is nice. The service was good. It seemed as if it was one lady serving at the time we got there (around 1) and she did just fine keeping up with the few tables that were around us. She made some recommendations and instead of getting our daughter a kids meal we just got her an adult plate because it wasn't much more and honestly we felt hungry. I got the pork chop special with mash potatoes and corn. The chops were cooked perfectly which is great because I absolutely hate dry chops and honestly I don't know anyone who doesn't. The flavor was also on point and well seasoned. The mash potatoes were good too and well seasoned. The corn was nothing special I imagine it was canned but like I said it's got that homey feel to it. And I make canned corn at home :-DMy husband got the BELT, with his egg over medium, he loved it, his plate was completely clean. We got our daughter the big bayard special which was nice and hearty. It came with a crispy Belgian waffle, eggs which were good, crispy bacon, and home fries. The home fries were really good and well seasoned. Now, the big deal here, I am big on price and this restaurant has it's prices in line with the portions. I didn't leave feeling like I got ripped off and I felt like I ate until my heart was content. I noticed on my way out that they have a drive through and they mentioned to me they also make gluten free quiche! And in case you were wondering they did have quiche when we went. This is a place I will def go to again. As my husband put it, it's like a cross between Waffle House (w/out all the grease)and Cracker Barrel. A good solid restaurant with good food.
<review# 48,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2014,10/10/2014,278,182,3,8,6>Cute little park tucked away in the beautiful area of San Marco and surrounded by some beautiful houses. They have some swings, a big slide and separate playground area for the young kids and old. There is also enough open area for the kids to run around or to sit and have a picnic. Even with the now heavy traffic of San Marco Ave. There is a gate that surrounds the whole park. The door to gate has a latch to it, so it can lock once you close it. They have a water fountain if you get a little thirsty along with a couple of benches to sit down and relax and enjoy some of the views. I like the big tree that sits in the middle of the park. It's the kinda tree that makes a lot of shade and a tree you can sit under when it's raining.With two kids, I try and make it a mission to visit all the nearby parks. Jacksonville has done a great job at fixing them, upgrading them & keeping them pretty clean. This was another successful visit.
<review# 49,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2014,10/9/2014,26,58,2,2,2>Execellent service, hip decor. I've been here twice and I love it each time. I've gotten a mani/pedi and eyebrow wax. Carlos is the owner and is as friendly as can be! Love this place!
<review# 50,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2014,10/8/2014,13,5,3,5,4>I've been here twice and each experience was nothing short of amazing. The salon itself is beautiful, but nothing compares to the quality of customer service you receive from the staff.I went in not knowing what I want, but Taylor went above and beyond to help me. My hair looks and feels great thanks to her! The rest of the staff made me feel welcomed the entire duration and like a million bucks after Taylor finished. These girls are great and quite funny!I truly recommend this salon and Taylor to anyone and everyone. I'm usually a chair- jumper, but I'm pretty sure I've found my seat at Mantra!
<review# 51,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2014,10/7/2014,12,54,1,1,1>I'm having catfish fillets today. Last time I had frog legs which were to die for.Ashley was my server and she was spot on keeping my water full. (I drink a lot of water)The food today was delicious, I had to get the dinner because I feel in the dinner time by 19 min..  Lunch runs till 4pm.  So I got a lot of food enough for another meal at home...Happy day after labor day everyone
<review# 52,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2014,10/6/2014,1555,1215,25,42,41>I have ordered flowers on multiple occasions via phone over the years.  They have always been very pleasant and professional.  They also give great recommendations and help keep you in the price-range you are wanting to stay within.  Loved ones whom I've sent flowers to from Kuhn's have always said they were very pleased with the arrangements.  It's so nice when you can talk to you loved one on the phone and actually hear the smile in their voice.  Thank you, Kuhn, for bringing so many smiles.I have also received deliveries from Kuhn's from small arrangements to large arrangements.  They have all been so beautiful.  Whether someone has spent a small amount or a large amount on an arrangement, they always use the best flowers and take pride in what they send out.  My fresh flowers have always been just that... fresh!  I can't speak highly enough about the roses they use in the arrangements.  They are perfect.  Kuhn's does not disappointment.  I will continue to use them for many more years to come!
<review# 53,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2014,10/5/2014,24,144,10,10,8>5 stars.  Enough said.You're still reading, so I will keep typing...This place is my new watering hole.  Simple as that.  Scout Dog 44 is as good as it gets, and a heck of a reason to drop the coin for a growler to take home for the game (not the Jags, but some other, real team).Also, if you are a beard enthusiast, this is like the Olympics for beard awesomeness, and I now have work to do to be back in that elite group.They also have live music, a good selection of games and entertainment, and they are K-9 friendly (if you are conscientious and friendly too).And as if that weren't enough, they have a food truck or two that varies and is guaranteed not to disappoint.The drive will take forever, and just before you are convinced that you are going to end up on a whodunit murder show, you will arrive.  It is worth that brief moment of panic.
<review# 54,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2014,10/4/2014,5,18,5,6,5>I'm writing this review as I eat at The Lunchbox Deli. First impressions: clean, good bakery selection, a little on pricey side. The staff: it seems like they might need an extra hand or two. Two women are running around a bit frantically and maybe one additional person might be of use. I think one girl was new so I'm sure things will improve with time. The food: I ordered the Cuban with a side of macaroni salad and my boyfriend got pastrami and Swiss. Macaroni salad is bomb. Like. Bomb isn't even a fair way to describe it. Cuban is delicious and my boyfriend said his was good as well. I also ordered an almond joy cake pop and a slice of cheesecake. Getting these took quite awhile... Especially since no cooking was actually necessary. Just pull them out from under the case. But they were busy and like I said, the girl was new (I think.) anyways. The cheesecake was soooooooooooooo good. I just... I wanted to eat it for forever. Cake pop was delicious too. Overall I would come back here, no doubt.
<review# 55,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2014,10/3/2014,13,9,1,3,4>Oh, sushiya! This by far my favorite sushi place, ever. It's so small and cozy. It's always quiet, so it makes a good place to have conversation while you dine. Everyone that works there is so polite.The dynamite roll is so delicious and if you don't like sushi, they have hibachi stuff. Make sure you're really hungry because they give you SO MUCH food, you'll definitely be bringing some home. The staff makes sure that your drink is never empty!It's a really affordable place to go. I have never been disappointed going here!
<review# 56,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2014,10/2/2014,11,17,1,1,1>It's been a few months now and my tint looks great. No issues with bubbles, folds, or anything. I couldn't be happier with the end results and would recommend anyone I know to use this business.
<review# 57,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2014,10/1/2014,24,54,3,2,3>Just a reminder - I am not a club hopper. MY idea of a night out is dinner and a movie. But when a friend challenged me to a bar hop night I came along just to laugh and "these young'ins". Little did I know then what I know now. Did you know bars now have stripper poles, video games on the big screen (wow is that a game cube!) and Ghostbusters on a projector? I could dig this. I almost feel 20 again.....quick hand me a drink and let's dance the night away. When I stumbled out 2 hrs later for a breath of fresh air and to step away from the enticing bar (and it's smashing bartender) I remembered thinking, "oh - this is what fun is!"
<review# 58,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2013,9/30/2014,29,97,1,4,2>This is really a nice bar/lounge.  I went here during the One Spark event and was pleasantly surprised, this is really a comfortable place to listen to good music.  It was a humid night and their air conditioning worked great, there are comfortable sofa like benches along the wall and the acoustics for music was really good.  Even the drinks were well made.  One of my companions is particular about what she likes and when she told the bartender what she likes in a cocktail they made her an outstanding drink she loved.  I am looking forward to returning on another night and enjoying the clean, cool, and comfortable environment and listening to some good music again.
<review# 59,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2014,9/29/2014,23,35,,5,4>The long awaited second Pulp location in Avondale does not have fro yo like the San Marco location does, and the employees are less cheerful. Other than that, Avondale Pulp is pretty much the same as San Marco Pulp. The interior is very open with big windows and lots of stainless steel. It feels very sterile and clean. The smoothies are very healthy tasting, unlike the ones you get in the more commercial smoothie joints around town. They tend towards not being sweet at all. You taste every fruit and vegetable that goes into those bad boys. It's wonderful, especially if you went in there not feeling great due to some physical malady. I like to get the Super Powers or the Bruce Lee, since they both incorporate kale. I also like to up the green factor by adding wheatgrass.They have various juices available for purchase as well, if you're into the juice fast thing. The coffee that they serve is really strong but it takes forever to brew. I've never tried the oatmeal, but it's available!
<review# 60,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2014,9/28/2014,5,6,1,6,3>Found out about a new Filipino restaurant in Jacksonville and had to try it out. Nancy and I went on a Sunday afternoon between lunch and dinner time so we had the restaurant to ourselves. It is located in a strip shopping center off of St Johns bluff across the street from the Sears Outlet center near Beach Blvd. The interior is bright and looks like it may have been a bistro before. Nancy and I ordered some Crispy Pata (roast pork leg that is deep fried), some vegetable lumpia and Bulalo (beef shank soup with corn, potato and baby bok choy) along with some white rice. First was the lumpia, they were good sized with just the right amount of filling, not packed as dense as some others. This allowed it to stay moist on the inside while the outside was crispy. They came with a sweet and sour type sauce (I prefer sweet chili sauce myself, but this sauce was not bad). Next out was the Bulalo, Crispy Pata and rice. The soup had plenty of beef, but could have used some more green vegetable. The broth had good flavor and the vegetables were not overcooked (I hate mushy veggies). The star of this dinner was the Crispy Pata. Each bite of the crispy skin on the pork leg was filled with crunchy pork goodness! The meat was nice and tender, not dry. Two of us were only able to eat about half of the Crispy Pata, it would be about the right size for three people. The prices were moderate: Lumpia $3.99, Bulalo $12.99, Crispy Pata $18.99  Most entrees are family size, meant to be shared. Overall a nice experience and one that needs repeating, In the immortal words of General Douglas MacArthur "I shall return"!
<review# 61,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2014,9/27/2014,307,131,3,6,5>Wing-It Restaurant and Sports Pub is the place for wings!  It is located at Old St. Augustine Road in Mandarin Central Shopping Center.  It's a family style restaurant.Their wings were cooked to perfection.  The wings are big and fried crispy in medium sauce. They have great sauces available for purchase.  The staff is very friendly too.  I would recommend this place to my friends.  It's football season so watch your games here.  Or play a game of pool.  They also have video games for the kids.Happy hour from 4 PM to 7 PM, Monday through Friday and enjoy .45 cents wings every Tuesday from 4PM to close.  You can also find coupons in the Mint Magazine.
<review# 62,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2014,9/26/2014,62,242,6,10,8>Neat little new family biz. The chef- Luca? is VERY friendly, he's come out and talked to us both times we ate here. :) You can tell he puts passion into his work.Menu adventures so far- dessert first!TIRAMISU- aMAZING. I have eaten Tiramisu all over the place, and this is by far the best I've had since 2008, in a restaurant that's no longer open in Michigan. Chocolate drizzle, espresso soaked... light cocoa dust and near weightless cake. A must try!Salad- light lettuce, tomatoes, onion, and OLIVES! I'm really stoked on the olives.House dressing- if you like vinegar, you'll love this dressing. From what I could tell it's got italian seasonings, oil and vinegar.Garlic knots- the house bread. They cook them all on one sheet, we've had them in varying states of doneness. When brought to the staff's attention, we were brought a new one- no problem.Portabella Ravioli- You get to choose your sauce- I had the rose sauce, which was great as it wasn't too tomatoey. A pink sauce, if you will.I ate it all in one sitting- which is super rare! I'm a huge portabella fan though... if you don't like mushrooms you probably won't like this dish. Eggplant Parmesan- So sauce and cheesy! I wasn't able to finish it all at once, mostly on account of the cheese. It made good lunch the next day.Chicken Luca.  It was very simple, but good. Lemony bowtie and chicken dish. I would recommend it for a light dinner or for lunch, it didn't quite satisfy my husband's palate completely.Shrimp Scampi- similar to the Luca- but shrimp instead of chicken.very simple. recommended for light dinner or lunch.My only complaint is the TVs. The environment other than that is your typical mom and pop type joint, knick knacks and cute little touches. It's a pretty small place, but they have 3 TVs!
<review# 63,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2014,9/25/2014,239,155,7,8,7>I am a little hesitant giving the Jaguars a four star rating, but I figured... Hey why not??? After all, the organization is great for the city of Jax and who doesn't love having an NFL team?? It's nice to be able to go to a game when you want... And even better is getting to say your city has hosted a Super Bowl!! It would be nice to see the Jaguars get to the Super Bowl, but only after the Dolphins do!!! Lol
<review# 64,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2014,9/24/2014,10,28,2,5,5>Walking in intimidated me a bit, because it was so dark.We were greeted and seated quickly. Friendly service almost like family.Soup was a bit to flavorful for me, but the sushi was delicious.Our waitress was very attentive and sweet.Atmosphere is quite cute and the restaurant does get very busy. Over all I enjoyed being there and the food.
<review# 65,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2014,9/23/2014,0,7,3,6,4>Delicious food, my husband & I are from Puerto Rico so we definitely are critical when we ordered our typical dishes. We had the mofongo which was good as well as the churrasco with white rice & beans. Happy there is a place I can order from when I don't want to cook.
<review# 66,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2013,9/22/2014,48,98,2,5,4>Went here for a friends private birthday party. I was skeptical at first because I am no artist.... But we had a blast! The staff were super helpful and they took us step by step and had lots of patience! They noticed some people were stressing out- and they had us take breaks and check out our peers paintings. I had a blast and will definitely return! The website shows what painting they are drawing one which days. Awesome concept! And a really cool place for a birthday gathering!
<review# 67,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2014,9/21/2014,12,54,,1,2>This place is great....  If you like cigars.  I do.  Great atmosphere and very comfortable.  Tons of TVs.  Couches and chairs are amazing.  This is a good place to hang out and watch a game.
<review# 68,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2014,9/20/2014,27,80,1,2,2>I placed my order before 11am on today, a Monday, and upon arrival this place was about 3/4 full along with a line to the door when I left the counter; hence the food must be good! I ordered the 30 piece shrimp special ($10.99 on the 15th and 30th of each month) tossed in buffalo sauce, hushpuppies (among the best I've ever had), cole slaw, green beans, and crab bisque. Everything was up to par and the whole meal is more than 1 serving which makes that $20 cost for lunch more palatable. :) I've been here before and found the food taste/quality and service to be consistently good. Businesses such as this are very good for the Northside.  I'm going to have to try 1 of the sandwiches next door sometime.
<review# 69,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2014,9/19/2014,180,303,6,9,8>Kayak Amelia, and the surrounding area, is my absolute, favorite place in all of Jacksonville. From the moment that I hit Heckscher, when I exit off 95, I am just immediately in relax mode. The Intracoastal area is utterly beautiful and it's a wonderful drive, even with the number of cars that you can get stuck behind. I can never get enough of it. I started going up to Kayak Amelia sometime last summer, as I found that a local outdoors business, Irishwaterdogs, hosts an event for Veterans on the first Sunday of every month. Irishwaterdogs sponsors everything, so Veterans get kayaks, paddles, life vests and fishing gear free of charge for the day. You can paddle either north or south on Simpson Creek. I've usually only gone north and it's typically a nice paddle. There's a bit of current, but not too much to be worried about. During yesterday's trip, I actually made it to Bird Island, which is the small bit of beach between the little bay at the end of Simpson Creek and the ocean, for the first time! If you keep a steady pace, you can typically do a round trip in 4 hours. If you have slower folks with you or teens, I wouldn't go all the way out. There's a ton of different wildlife to be seen, too . Sand sharks, manatees, birds of all kinds, fish. Be careful if you get out of your kayak anywhere in the creek. There are oyster beds everywhere. Water shoes are an absolute must. There are some refreshments and such in the office, but I definitely recommend to pack a small cooler, either to take with you in the kayak or to have in your car when you get back. The owners of Kayak Amelia are really great folk. Always really friendly and willing to help. Make sure to say hi to Dylan, their giant Bernese Mountain Dog in the office, before you head out.
<review# 70,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2013,9/18/2014,138,24,4,3,3>These guys rock! I come here all the way from the beach to see Dr Lancaster and Dr. Duss. They provide a friendly & laid-back atmosphere, never pressuring me into anything. They said I was a perfect candidate for LASIK and when I told them I am in no rush they said to let them know when I'm ready.
<review# 71,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2014,9/17/2014,95,152,5,5,5>My friends and I laid out to the left of the pier a little further out where it was less busy and it was super nice! Weather was almost 80° and we got our tan on :)Definitely not so busy on the weekdays (we went yesterday around 1pm and didn't leave til almost 430pm). After that, we threw our clothes on, met our boys, and ate at Harmonious Monks!Very nice to just walk around and soak up some sun!
<review# 72,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2014,9/16/2014,11,92,,3,1>These guys are awesome! Prompt, professional and do good quality work. I take my shoes there any time they need a repair. The hours are also quite convenient when compared to many other places.
<review# 73,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2014,9/15/2014,49,46,4,5,5>Great spot to get a quick car wash and express wax. The prices are very reasonable for the service provided (full wash, vacuum and express hand wax for under $50) and everyone working was upbeat and courteous.Things can get a tad backed up if you're looking for a quick drive-thru wash; they finish each car by hand, which, in my opinion, is worth the wait. Sweet rocking chairs out front are great for catching up on some reading while you wait, or just watching the different cars roll through.
<review# 74,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2014,9/14/2014,179,106,6,9,7>First review of the year!So did anyone notice how awesome my hair looked at the end of the year Yelpie Awards? Well if you didn't, it was GORG! I went to see Brittney at Sutra to get a blow so my hair would look nice for the event. She convinced me to go with curls, which I've never done because I don't know how to do it? She turned my flat, pin straight, baby hair in fabulous, bouncing tresses! HOW DID SHE DO IT!?Everyone knows I've had my fair share of hair salons. I had my top sort when I had my blonde locks and now I have Sutra for my brunette tresses. BRITTNEY is flipping amazing. Not only have I seen her work on others but myself as well. I went to another salon (which I won't name because the girl who did my hair was a little bit scary and aggressive and I don't want her to track me down) when my hair was platinum and I wanted to begin the process of getting it brown again. This girl turned my hair 50 shades of grey. Literally. Grey. Thankfully, I stopped by the trendy Sutra Salon and Brittney saved the day! She swooped in and painted me with the most beautiful color of brown I could ask for! Ever since then, I'm just so thrilled with the vibrancy of my hair color; not to mention she is on point with the cut. Pick a cut, any cut, this girl's got your back. Awesome thing number 2: with every hair treatment you get wine (or another beverage) and a paraffin treatment for your hands! Triple dipped in delicious hot wax and wrapped up while you get your hair washed. The salon itself is beautiful, clean, fun, and has great music. I haven't worked with any of the other girls but they all seem sweet and they have a fun time and always join in on conversation. Do yourself a favor and go get this year started right with a hot new head of hair!
<review# 75,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2013,9/13/2014,0,12,3,4,4>Lots and Lots of stuff to look at in a layout that's fairly easy to follow. It reminds me of an antique IKEA without the warehouse on the bottom floor. If you're looking for antiques, this is a nice place to check out!
<review# 76,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2014,9/12/2014,62,63,6,10,5>I totally meant to be the first to review Cafe Kabob, but another individual beat me to the punch.  I can  not help but rate this place so highly because the owner is an absolutely wonderful person.  However, that is not the only reason for a perfect rating.  Cafe Kabob is GREAT (in my Tony the Tiger voice)!!!!  Seriously, I have eaten here twice and the food has been very flavorful, fresh and affordable. Yesterday I tried the Chejeh Kabob and it was delicious.  The tenderloin was incredibly juicy and tender.  I tend not to eat alot of carbs and love that I can order the kabobs a la carte with sides of the tasty taboulleh or shirazi salad.  They also have a Russian potato salad that I had never heard of before, but fell head over heels in love with.  I am extremely excited for the owner and hope to see many reviews and pictures of Cafe Kabob's tasty food items posted in the future by my Yelp Fam.  This place definitely made my "Treat Yourself" list.
<review# 77,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2014,9/11/2014,171,323,4,6,5>Very nice sushi restaurant located in Five Points.  My bf took me here for my birthday dinner because we wanted to try something other than our regular sushi spot in Avondale.  Based on other reviews, we decided to go for the Samurai, Annie and Dragon rolls.  The bf, who prefers to eat sashimi because he's a native Californian and somewhat of a sushi snob, ordered several pieces of the sushi a la carte but then shared my rolls with me.We were seated in a booth without wait on a Thursday night around  6pm in the backroom. The place was clean and nicely decorated.  Our table was right next to the sushi bar so we got to salivate while we saw other orders coming out.  The waitress gave us a complimentary appetizer of jalapeno crab sticks lightly fried tempura-style.  A fabulous surprise and a sweet gesture!  Then, they quickly brought us our soups which were also excellent.  I had the clear soup and he had the miso.  It was a nice starter just to get our appetites wet.  Next, came our rolls and sushi.  The presentation was very festive and the rolls were generous and tasty served with plenty of ginger and smiles!  We devoured it all!  At the end of our dinner, they brought out a small bowl of fresh cut watermelon to share.Overall, we really enjoyed our experience here.  The food was yummy and the atmosphere--very nice and spacious.  The staff here is friendly and accommodating and our orders came out without too much wait.  It was a nice change and for about $40, we would definitely come back here again.  :)
<review# 78,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2014,9/10/2014,73,43,4,5,6>We have been to Choban Grill twice now, after having just recently discovered this place.  The first time, we cannot resist trying out their gyro, which was superb.  We both vowed to come back and try the delicious looking buffet.  That's why we came back so quickly after trying Choban the first time.The buffet was pretty good.  It's not a 'server yourself' buffet though.  They basically take a plate and go through each of the items asking what you would like to try and fill the plate for you.  The food tasted good, especially since it is still a buffet.  But I wonder how they will be able to keep it up if more people were to show up.  Having a 'server' spooning out dishes on a plate for each customer can get a bit more time consuming, especially if people were to go in for seconds.  In addition, the portion was really big.  It wasn't an issue for me and my wife to finish since she actually proactively ask for less portion and less dishes.  She knew she can always try the various dishes on my plate for just a taste.  Even then, she still had trouble finishing her plate and had me help her.  We both would feel bad if we had to leave food on the plate. But overall, we had great experience both times.  The staff is very friendly.  Everyone we've come across have been really nice.  We also got the Turkish tea, was was a nice way to wrap up our meals.  The gyro portion is big and their fries are indeed, delicious.  We would go back again when craving a good gyro.
<review# 79,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2014,9/9/2014,227,252,4,10,7>One of the best dinners I've had in a LONG time!!We stumbled upon this place thanks to the recommendation of a bartender in the area. We were pleased to find that Café Karibo not only offers great food options but also is brewing their own cider...including a fireball one (yes fireball!).On this particular night we decided to split the Ahi Tuna appetizer and Smoked Salmon appetizer. The tuna stole the show right off the bat. For my entree I had the Shrimp & Grits. They were good but different that the Shrimp & Grits I'm used to. Not in a bad way though. I would still recommend them, especially if you like Shrimp & Grits. After we ate you would think we would opt for dessert all considering, but no, we continued to discuss how awesome the tuna app was and our waitress mentioned that one of the dinner specials we had quickly passed over while she described them was a larger portion of the app we had loved so much. We didn't even consider it b/c we were already getting the app portion, but after knowing how good it was, we decided to order it anyways...as our dessert, lol.For $15 we got a HUGE portion of Blackened Ahi Tuna served in a crispy shell with an amazing slaw. It was absolutely amazing! I honestly didn't think it could be any better than the app but boy was I wrong. I could easily order this dinner again and again it's that good. We will definitely be back and if you're in the area and don't stop here, you are missing out!
<review# 80,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2014,9/8/2014,6,43,1,2,4>Awesome menu choices. Everything from scratch as they say. The waffle sandwich is amazing. The fresh herb waffle and the tangy BBQ sauce with fresh toppings really make this a tasty treat and a hearty meal.
<review# 81,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2014,9/7/2014,52,53,3,6,5>After eating at the Blind Rabbit at Jax Beach many times and loving it, I stumbled across a Blind Rabbit in Riverside Saturday night!  It was wonderful!  I had the fried green tomatoes,  They were fantastic!  I had the fried chicken too.  It was yummy.  I am normally not a big fried food eater, but I am glad I tried these delicacies!  They had some of the local canned beers for just three dollars.  I also got to try the spicy margarita!  Watermelon puree and daytil peppers as a garnish.  It was ten dollars and served in a mason jar.  It was tasty.  The staff was wonderful just as they always are at the beach....now....which one will I go to next!?
<review# 82,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2014,9/6/2014,29,75,3,3,5>Lovely wait staff and dazzled my family with their huge Stromboli . I love their patio and 1.50 happy hour. The jazz/r&b  music they have is funny and relaxing. Hope to make it a new favorite especially bc i don't have to worry about  it being packed both times I've been there. Keep the house salad cheap and I'll keep buying more at dinner.
<review# 83,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2011,9/5/2014,87,220,4,7,4>After reading the great reviews, I stopped by Kloset Karma one day after work. They were having a really great sale - up to 70% off some items! I was very impressed by the shoe selection, although my size (7.5) seemed to be the most popular and therefore not as available. The clothes were all good quality and definitely in my age-range. This is like a trendier, more adult Plato's Closet.I found the cutest hat! I could've spent more time looking at the jewelery, but I was on a budget. They have a great coupon for $5 off $25 in Mint Magazine. I'll be back.
<review# 84,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2014,9/4/2014,90,110,3,6,6>Another one of my favorites. I love their tacos, the authentic style with asada, corn tortillas, cilantro, onion and lime. Mmmmmm!They always have good chips and salsa that they keep a comin' and the service is usually spot on and fast. One thing I noticed last night was that shrimp was marked off the menu and when ordered we were told they didn't have it. I'm not sure if that means they don't carry it anymore or if they were just out. I'm hoping they were just out because my other two favorite dishes have loads of shrimp (Shrimp Cocktail and Fajita Nachos).Either way, if you love Mexican food this is a must try!They have several other locations throughout Jax and surrounding areas, the menus differ slightly but all that I have tried have been awesome.
<review# 85,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2014,9/3/2014,1,6,1,5,3>I attended a work meeting here, and then afterwards played laser tag. I originally thought that the laser tag was going to be something for 11 year olds. I was totally wrong. It was like playing Battlefield but in real life. Time went by so fast. I recommend trying it. I don't know about anything else in this facility though. My rating is solely based on the laser tag.
<review# 86,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2014,9/2/2014,102,93,9,6,6>Now this is what a bowling alley is suppose to be like. The food is cheap and disgusting, but the lanes are always clear and shiny. Coming from a man from the Midwest (where bowling is a religion and tradition) I am used to smoky lanes and cheap beer at the bowling alley. This isn't exactly that, but it's a cheap price and lots of used bowling shoes and bowling balls with weird-sized three holes in them. I went to this bowling alley on New Year's Eve one year. They gave us free champagne at the ball drop and they ran a special for unlimited bowling all night for $20 a person or something super cheap like that. Part of the reason I like this bowling alley is because it's bowling, yes, and that reminds me on home. I'll admit that. But also, let's talk about the other bowling options around this neighborhood. Latitude 30? A glowing set of lanes and they charge you $3.2 million an hour? No thank you. At the end of the day, you'll throwing a heavy ball down an alley to hit the same number of pins. All the bells and whistles are unnecessary.
<review# 87,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2014,9/1/2014,307,776,6,8,4>Overall I would have to say that the Jalapeno Truck is pretty good. Today I saw that they would be out for the first time. If you know me I'm there and there I was. First off if you don't know Spanish or the food names in Spanish you could be in trouble. But, fear not the Young lady at the window will be glad to help you out. I asked about their chorizo, if they made it and she said yes she does. So I was all over it. The taco was really good and I did like the chorizo. It's different then mine but good anyway. Then I ordered the torta (La Glotona) cause I can say torta and they are also pretty darn good. This one is different it had just about everything in it. From floured beef, pork, and sausage or at least what they call sausage. I call them hotdogs but the whole sandwich is quite tasty. I do like this truck and will eat with them many more times. I really do want to explore their menu a little harder.
<review# 88,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2014,8/31/2014,45,60,6,4,5>While I have not eaten in the Edgewood Bakery, my boyfriend brought me a key-lime pie because he knows how much I love key-lime pie. I had a piece(s) and it was good. That is all I need to know, and all you need to know too.
<review# 89,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2014,8/30/2014,21,9,2,7,7>I have to admit, I don't normally write 5 star reviews. Normally when I've been moved to write, I'm seething, and someone's about to get a scathing account concerning the situation. This time is different. I recently moved cross-country from Denver Co to Jacksonville FL, and these guys really nailed it. I've worked with many long distance movers in the past, after serving eight years in the Army, and all of them have fallen short of this moving company. The packing phase was handled so meticulously that there were no damages, not one single broken item. On top of that, there were no hidden charges; the amount we agreed upon was the exact amount I paid. Delivery was not only on time, but they were on-site 40 minutes early. Everything was brought in as gingerly as it was taken. Jacksonville Professional Movers cared for my possessions every bit as much as I do, and I've never been so pleased.
<review# 90,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2014,8/29/2014,72,204,,2,2>We have Turner Pest control covering our house on the north side of Jacksonville and we like the informative and friendly service.Funny enough, we didn't hire them, but the previous owner did and they just came out on patrol and I woke up in the morning to hear the spraying activity. After their contract runs out, we will hire them as their cautiously optimistic field rep has racked up an impressive kill list of Charlie and Ralph (roaches and rats). We had hired a competing service at one time, but Turner has smoked them out...
<review# 91,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2013,8/28/2014,189,231,4,5,4>I love this company. I have been to several locations throughout FL and I've never had any problems. I come here for the Brazilian and while waxing is never a pleasant experience, the waxing specialists always do their best to make  your visit great.Also, they always call you the day before to remind you of your appointment the next day. This is great, because I always forget.  Maybe it's the dark purple bees wax that they use or maybe it's the friendly staff, whatever it is, It's got me hooked. I've been getting the same service done at European Wax Center for the past 6 years. Honestly, I wouldn't trust going to any other place for a Brazilian wax.
<review# 92,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2014,8/27/2014,41,49,4,4,5>This well kept secret bakery is phenomenal! The staff are all very friendly and upbeat which makes coming here such a pleasant experience. They have a variety of desserts ranging from chocolate filled croissants and snickerdoodle cookies to white chocolate bread pudding and cream puffs! My family and I have tried just about everything they have to offer and it is all simply to die for! My favorite is the Derby Pie and the S'mores bar. One day I called ahead to make sure they would have lemon squares and tiramisu available (for a friends birthday) and the gentleman that answered the phone was so kind as to sit some of both aside for me to pick up that afternoon!I also would like to mention that the coffee is delicious! I have purchased the vanilla, hazelnut and caramel and they are always exceptional!
<review# 93,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2014,8/26/2014,37,14,1,2,2>I've been coming here for YEARS. Reddi-Arts is a little pricey because they're not a chain, but the selection is solid and they can usually get what you need if you're not in a crazy rush. Honestly, I'd rather pay a little more and give my art supply dollars to them than a faceless online store.
<review# 94,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2014,8/25/2014,13,43,3,5,2>Saw this truck down the street from work so I thought I'd try it. First off the people are super friendly and the kitchen work space was really clean. I ordered the pork sandwich with fries and it was very good. I tried some mac and cheese also and it was very good as well. I like the little side of pickles they give you as well. I'm giving them 4stars for now until I have a chance to try there ribs. That's the true test of a BBQ joint.
<review# 95,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2014,8/24/2014,3,47,4,3,3>This place is pretty good.  The staff is friendly and you get a lot of food for the money.  I can't really point out any favorite menu items.  I've tried a variety of different sandwiches and have never been disappointed. I was happy to see a business finally take over the abandoned Huddle House.
<review# 96,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2014,8/23/2014,40,93,,3,5>Attended my first show here which was the Mad Cowford Improv. This is quite the neat, little theatre in San Marco. The show itself was great and I think that this place would be the perfect venue for their act instead of downtown. Parking can be a challenge but if you get there early enough you should be able to get relatively close to the venue.
<review# 97,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2014,8/22/2014,161,465,3,3,5>We recently went to Stone Plus to buy river rocks and feather rocks for our yard.  Hubby is extending the water feature by adding a small waterfall and then decorating the entrance with some feather rock.  We went to Stone Plus, thinking to take a browse before going to other locations that we have previously visited.Well I am glad we made Stone Plus our first stop that weekend because we didn't have to look any further.  The variety of the rocks was impressive (for us at least).  We weren't experience in buying rocks for this type of project and weren't sure how much to buy, but the sales associates were very very friendly and helpful.  He even jokingly said something to the effect of "no worries, we'll be here until 5 PM today."  And LOL we DID have to go back that same day to pick up more.We've probably gone to Stone Plus about 4-5 times since our first visit, picking up variety of rocks for our small yard projects.  Every single time, the staff have been friendly, making this our 'go-to' store when buying rocks.
<review# 98,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/4/2014,8/21/2014,40,82,4,7,5>This place is one of the only two german style food places here in Jax that I know of. I'm going to loosely compare them to german schnitzel haus but feel its imperative to mention that they're two different types of establishments first. Gsh serves booze, has no on site bakery or store, but does have a coal fired place to bake pizzas.  Sausage paradise has an on site bakery and deli but doesn't serve booze. To each their own. However, I find that the customer service experience totally is amazing at SP. You walk in and order off a small( but I've been told by the owner it's going to extend shortly) menu. They have daily specials, and are very courteous with free samples!! The deli case was a bit slim but it may have been time for them to restock soon. Owner and staff at SP= SUPER friendly! We ordered, sat after getting drinks and before the meals arrived, were gifted a piece of their cake to share:) girls love cake! Lol. I ordered the sausage platter with a currywurst brat and a knockwurst. The sauerkraut was divine with caraway seed and little pieces of apple. Sooo yummy. The german potato salad( served warm of course) was just so so. I think it's bc I make mine warm but season it considerably more? Still it was decent. The table had currywurst sauce that waited for me..it was pretty decent but again I think I make my seasonings a but punchier so I expected a bit more of a curry flavor.  The SO had a ny pastrami and corned beef I believe? With knockwurst. Clean plate club here. I def plan on going back, as the owner promised there'd be pierogies on the menu next time and maybe even a few Russian items. Check these guys out, I believe they've been open little over a month now and they are in the heart of baymeadows.
<review# 99,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2014,8/20/2014,67,131,,3,2>This dog park is beautiful. I went with my friend who had a dog and I sat there wanting a dog just so I could come back. So many dogs for her dog to play with. So much running room and there's even a smaller park for smaller dogs. There's a washing station for when your pup rolls around in mud and tons of places for the humans to sit and enjoy watching the puppers run. I will say you're going to read other reviews that say the park is nice but the area is not safe. I'm going to be very honest, Springfield has a bad rap for being unsafe. But if you really pay attention you'll see that there is a ton of revitalization. Hints why the park is so nice. If you want a place to be nice you can't flee from it you have to go in and change it. I'll keep going there just to bring life back to it. If you're a single female than you need to watch yourself wherever you go. Be smart don't go some place by yourself anyways, to anywhere. Don't run away from it look at ways you can make it better because it's not just a neighborhood, it's still a part of Jacksonville. Look up SPAR (Springfield Preservation and Revitalization) go to Uptown, Sailors and Sparrows, Sweet Pete's, visit the many beautiful houses during the home tour.
<review# 100,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2014,8/19/2014,51,70,3,4,6>It has been many years since the locally infamous "Skate World" was around. Now we have Jacksonville Ice & Sportsplex. I started coming here because Henrique saw they have pick up soccer every week for $10. It's every Sat. and one weekday.. first week of the month is Mon. second week is Tues, etc. They also are the home to BASL indoor soccer. It's an adult rec league that is actually really popular and well organized. You have to sign up online, but the indoor games are all played here. (Pick up games you don't need to sign up for). Besides all the soccer stuff, they have several basketball courts and of course the ice skating rink. I've ice skated long ago in this rink and it was really fun. I want to do it again, since it has been so long. If you are looking to have an active evening and forget about the TV for a while, come here and play some soccer, basketball, or ice skate. They even have ice hockey for those brave souls. The place isn't the most beautiful building, but it's got a fun vibe and is a cool place to play.
<review# 101,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2014,8/18/2014,180,254,,7,5>Really awesome selection of freshly baked quality goods. If you've ever enjoyed the eats at nearby Bold Bean Coffee Roasters in Riverside then you'll absolutely love Knead (same baker!). So many great options to choose from. The lemon poppy scone, smoked Gouda topped pretzel, peach breadline pie, pear muffin and ham & gruyere and thyme croissant are among my favorite offerings. Knead is cozy and adorable, a perfect addition to up-and-coming Murray Hill. With ample caffeine - both cold and hot brewed local Bold Bean, you'll definitely want to grab a friend and check this new spot out.
<review# 102,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2013,8/17/2014,112,77,4,4,2>Can't say enough good about this place . This is by far the cleanest fish store I've ever been in and the nicest down to earth people . I'm new to saltwater and always come in with lots of questions and they always are so helpful . They also have a very nice selection of fish and coral and not over priced .
<review# 103,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2014,8/16/2014,28,45,3,5,5>This is a hidden gem of Jacksonville! My husband and I went out with another couple for their birthday which started out at World of Beer. After eating and partaking in a few drinks beforehand we wanted to find a place that we could relax and have some drinks that wasn't a club or a loud bar. Our friend had found this place called Grape & Grain and we figured we'd go check it out. G&G was a pretty ecclectic/hipster type mini-bar, but we had seen pictures online of this sliding bookcase that lead to somewhere else...after talking to one of our bartenders, we learned that there was an entrance to The Parlour next door (which can be accessed by said bookcase when they have it open). WOW! The blue mood lighting to the speak-easy feel of this place was just what we were looking for! There was a nifty jazz band playing on the stage that night which really added to the feel. We had some traditional absinthe and I got a cosmo as well because I tend to base my judgments on how well a place can make a cosmo.Can't wait to go back!
<review# 104,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2014,8/15/2014,63,17,4,5,4>Ive been brining my dog here sine he was a puppy. The staff is great and the place is always clean. Dr.Cole is always so great with my dog. He really seems to care about him. I highly reccomed this clinic. Plus, if you are military you get 10% off!
<review# 105,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2014,8/14/2014,5,53,2,2,2>My favorite Mexican restaurant in jacksonville! I love their frozen margaritas and there food is yummy compared to other places I've been to in jacksonville. I have ordered everything from the nachos to the tamales and throughout. The carnitas is one of my favorites. They are definitely worth your time if you need a good Mexican fix!
<review# 106,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2014,8/13/2014,12,14,4,7,5>I've been here several times even before they changed management and were called Bowl of Pho (which is our favorite place to go to get pho). My husband is a pho lover, so he can eat it probably 5 times a week. I on the other hand only crave it once every couple of weeks, I prefer tom yum or even kim chi chigae as my top spots for soups. But when I do want pho, I want a delicious bowl of it. This restaurant usually makes a good pho soup, the broth is well made with the the exception of maybe once or twice the broth seemed watered down. But normally they can deliver a good pho bowl. There broth doesn't seem as oily as some other places I've been to, and has the right amount of seasoning in it. I usually order the rare steak small pho bowl and my husband orders the large version of mines. I'm all about the garnishes when going to get pho. They give you the usual- bean sprouts, Thai basil, jalapeños, a few slices of lime, cilantro or some days culantro( the long skinny looking leaf with tiny spikes along the edges) - it has a similar taste to cilantro if not a little more potent, I noticed it's common here in jacksonville, florida to use culantro instead of cilantro oppose to the west coast like San Diego or even Las Vegas they use cilantro...any who- "I can dig it!" I also order the spring rolls with the peanut sauce- they have really good spring rolls, it taste like they make it fresh and I like there peanut sauce- I always add sriracha to it- since i love a little heat. I like the location of this noodle house, it's close to naval station mayport and it's surrounded by a lot of other good eateries and restaurants and close to the beach! The decor is very inviting and asian but has a nice ambiance. As you enter there is a bar to the left and the seating area in the restaurant is average with booths running along the walls. I must say though, they have awesome customer service. Very attentive and the one server we had she was making sure our drinks were refilled and we enjoyed our food. There menu offers other items as well if your not a pho fan. They also offer the usual boba drinks. This is a place I do enjoy going to since it's near the base and it's not overly crowded like other pho joints.
<review# 107,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2014,8/12/2014,53,302,4,6,6>For the past few years, UNF has been ranked as a "best value" school. That title is well deserved. Of course, it's not cheap but compared to the other state schools, you get a great deal. During my time at UNF I saw a lot of changes happen. When I first started in 2006, the new library had just opened (Starbucks hadn't even opened on campus!). Four years later when I graduated, almost every building has been renovated and the new student union had been built. The school has some amazing professors who have serious connections and are more than willing to help students get where they want to be. I would (and do!) highly recommend UNF.As other people have noted, parking sucks and, IMO, will get worse before it gets better. At least there's a shuttle now. When I was a freshman, commuters had to park in the lot off Beach Blvd (which at the time could not be accessed from campus) and walk every day, so the shuttle is an improvement to me.
<review# 108,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2014,8/11/2014,28,66,6,8,7>I really am so glad that this place is closer to home. Their biscuits are always yummy.  The staff here in Murray Hill is very helpful. If you can't decide what you want to eat they will give you suggestions which is always helpful.  Every time we have been here the manager is present and making sure your food is what you want and you are enjoying it.  I decided to go with the old standby of squawking goat again.  Chicken with goat cheese and pepper jelly!
<review# 109,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2014,8/10/2014,30,26,2,6,4>In a word, fantastic. This little gem of a Vietnamese restaurant is owned and operated by a very nice Vietnamese family who in the words of its owner Alex 'serve you the food we love to eat.'They have a nice compact menu with interesting descriptions that go beyond the standard Vietnamese restaurant offerings. Their fresh rolls are served with a homemade peanut sauce that the owner said they make from scratch by pounding their own peanuts (like everything else)The pho is very balanced, and comes out with the noodles perfectly cooked. Rare beef was seen floating on top- always a good sign.The porkchop was thick, flavorful, nicely grilled and served with a wonderful Vietnamese garlic rice, two runny fried eggs, a nice shredded pork belly, julienne cucumbers and carrots. Awesome.And then the creme brulee came. Oh man, I can't tell you enough of how absolutely incredible this was. I'm a creme brulee snob and this rendition, served with a perfectly browned sugar crust and bursting with the welcome specks of fresh vanilla bean was perfect in every way. The owner Alex says he used to be a pastry chef and it shows.I'm gushing about this place but honestly, it's hands down the best Vietnamese place I've been to- and I've been to hundreds around the world, Vietnam included.We are lucky Jacksonville. I'll see you here- I'm already hooked.
<review# 110,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2013,8/9/2014,25,32,,3,1>Love this place.  I live very nearby, and we always get subs-to-go for the beach.  They are delish - fresh with this amazing homemade Italian dressing, and the pizza is really good too.  The guys that work here are nice and friendly, and don't balk when you ask for something special.The toasted subs take a few minutes, so if you are in a hurry - call ahead!
<review# 111,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2014,8/8/2014,14,8,1,3,2>My family cannot say enough good about Paddy's! Go visit the Renehan family business for the best Biscotti and Pizza in town. (Their Biscotti is a perfect gift.) We love their pizza to dine in or deliver. They are our favorite! Their desserts are out of this world. Sit at a high-top table and watch them create your pizza and put it in the oven. Take advantage of their special hours and meals on holidays like Mother's Day brunch (one of the 2 best places for grits in this city!) Great for families and special occasions. Very casual. Don't forget to try the garlic rolls/knots!
<review# 112,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2014,8/7/2014,48,79,2,2,2>I have been playing soccer at Brackridge Park for quite some time now but I've never taken my kids before now. The park is tucked away behind the fire station on Hogan rd. it is a little distance from the main road so I wouldn't feel totally safe having my wife take the kids there alone. That is my only concern. The park is wonderful. It has so many little fun contraptions that my kids go wild on. I will admit it I get on some of them and go wild. There are lots of swings and slides and spinning things to keep the kids busy. The park is clean and one of the best things they have are the big green umbrellas towering above the main play area. I have never seen this park crowded and secretly I selfishly wish it remains that way so I can have it all to myself. :)
<review# 113,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2014,8/6/2014,19,48,6,13,5>From where we live on the Westside of Jacksonville (meaning west of our local beltway 295) it was about an hour trip, 35 miles one way. Huguenot was easy to get to, just following Heckscher Drive off Route 95 to the East. On the way, we passed other local attractions: The Jacksonville Zoo, the Mayport Ferry and King George's Plantation are all off Heckscher Drive, Which basically follows the north part of the St Johns River up to where it joins the Atlantic Ocean. We turned into the Park at a flashing traffic signal and almost immediately came up to a small building, with a toll taker taking our $3 (per vehicle) entry fee. You can: camp onsite, rent pavilions, and/or drive on the beach. Beware of High Tide (No driving on the beach during this time), so check the tide charts before head out for the day. As the tide goes out, you can sometimes find tide pools which our little ones just loved to swim in! Bring chairs, sunscreen, BBQ, music, boogie boards... But leave the alcohol at home as it is not permitted. Remember to bring a bag to collect your trash in as there are no receptacles on the beach.
<review# 114,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2014,8/5/2014,45,133,2,3,2>I had been here once before when I was a very young girl.  I had a vague memory of the place, but just couldn't remember exactly where it was or what it was actually called.  On our way to the campgroud we passed by this place and he asked if I'd ever been there.  I said I didn't think so... then he started telling me what it was.  I immediately got excited and thought back to my childhood memory.  I told him that if we had time and were ever in the area again, I'd love to go.  Fast forward to the next day....On our way home, he pulls in to this long dirt road.  This road needs help!  It is very washed out and extremely bumpy.  My car would have screamed at me and probably turned itself off or around.  Thankfully we were in his truck.  The drive back is very peaceful though.  Once we reached the plantation, my eyes lite up as those childhood memories flooded me!  We stop the truck immediately and jump out to look at the old homes and read the history.  This stuff really excites me!  I love to read about history and imagine how life must have been.  It was sad really.  After we walk a bit and read every board there.  We hop back in the truck and head to the parking area.  It's beautiful!  The planation house, the grounds and the view.  You can't actually go into the house UNLESS you have a reservation for a private tour.  That might be worth it!  But being this was an unplanned trip, we didn't get to go inside.  We did, however, peak in the windows.  I felt like a kid!After reading and listening to the store clerk, my inner history geek wanted more info.  So the next best thing... search the internet for more info!  Let your imagination take you back and feel the sadness, pain and even happiness that must have taken place back then.  This is definitely a must see.  I plan on taking my daughter and her family on their next visit to Florida.
<review# 115,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2013,8/4/2014,37,10,3,9,6>I live on the beach and usually try to keep my business local, but a good tattoo is one thing I AM willing to drive a little for. Coming here is definitely worth the journey to Riverside. James has been drawing on me since I first moved to Jacksonville in 2012, beginning across the 'hood at Black Hive (which is a fantastic shop that I also recommend). He is an absolutely wonderful artist with a great sense of humor. His quick and light handiwork makes being tattooed nearly a downright pleasant experience; well, as pleasant as being repeatedly poked in tender spots can be! Sunday Tattoo Gallery also has a great atmosphere -- welcoming, impeccably clean, and super relaxing. If you're considering a new tattoo I highly suggest that you call James post-haste... just don't make him TOO busy or else I might have to wait longer for my own tattoos! ;)
<review# 116,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2014,8/3/2014,78,61,,6,2>Date night, my sweetie and I both wanted some hibachi so we decided to dine at Sushi House and Grill in Bartram Park.Over the years, we've become the biggest fans of sushi and when I saw the sign, that said they were voted folioweekly Best of Jax :Best Sushi",  I figured we'd try some for an appetizer.We ordered the Baymeadows Roll which was fried and had smoked salmon, cream cheese, crab stick, shrimp sauce, eel and spicy sauce.We were pleasantly surprised at how tasty it was! It was the best I've tried to date!  While I was busy trying to be cute and not show how greedy I was, my BF saved the last piece for me!  How sweet!  I politely gobbled it up! I LOVE Hibachi, well....I REALLY REALLY LOVE Hibachi!!!  That's what we both ordered and it was delicious!!!  I drowned it in shrimp sauce and stuffed it down my throat!  Well I actually took more than half of it home.  They give you a lot of food!  I will most definitely dine here again!
<review# 117,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2014,8/2/2014,247,302,4,8,5>I was very surprised with this place. From the outside I was expecting Half moon to be kind of a dump. I was ok with that. However, when you walk in it's really a pretty nice space. It's a lot bigger than it looks from the front.Kind of reminds me of a sports bar. The walls are plastered in flat screen TVs, which were all tuned to sports and the Winter Olympics(which are sports-ish), and there's a big wooden bar full of regulars as you walk in the front door. Beers are cheap, with a decent draft list.I started out with a dozen raw oysters. They were delicious, and very fresh. Served with lemon, horseradish and a tasty cocktail sauce. Worked through those in a hurry. They are sold at market price, but the dozen was $10 as of 12/14.For my entree, I had a grilled meatloaf sandwich. Basically served just like a hamburger, but with grilled meatloaf instead with a side of gravy. I probably would have liked a hamburger just as much, but the side of gravy tipped the scales for me. I'm a sucker for gravy, and it's good here.I also tried one of the grilled wings, which was excellent. They are dry rubbed and grilled perfectly. Not dry at all, with just the right amount of heat.I really liked this little hole in the wall, and I'll definitely be back to watch a game sometime.
<review# 118,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2014,8/1/2014,174,187,2,2,2>This beach is not as crowed as the Jax beach but it is great that you can walk right into places to eat and drink, fresh off the beach. They have cheap and an expensive hotel right off the water. I plane to go back over there and make it a day trip. The water is closer to you and its not much space between where you lay your blanket the tide. We went late at night around 6 and left at 8pm.. seems like thats when the party was starting because we noticed locals flocking to the sands. I'd go back and have a blast.
<review# 119,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2014,7/31/2014,12,25,2,3,2>Cool place. Good drink prices. House wine is $4 & dollar off microbrews on Thursdays. 4 drinks and our tab was only $17. I'm not a smoker but both my husband & I couldn't last more then an hour. Other then the smokiness it was very comfortable & relaxing. Couches are comfy!
<review# 120,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2014,7/30/2014,115,88,3,4,3>So I've never eaten at the OG BG downtown, but I do enjoy this location, what I assume is the little brother. BGE is my go to spot while my clothes dry next door at the lint trap.My favorite thing I've tried here is the curry chicken burrito. It's not an extremely spicy curry, mostly turmeric based from what I've been told. It's a very unique flavor to be intermingled with tradition burrito toppings. BGE nails it here. The tacos are all pretty tasty as well, though I've only had the shrimp variety.If you don't have time to kill I would advise calling in your order. It's a small operation with maybe 3 people working at any given time. I've waited 15 minutes for my food some times. Other times it only takes 5 minutes. It's also worth noting that there's only like 3 tables in here and some bar seating. Getting it to go might be the best bet.
<review# 121,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2014,7/29/2014,4,9,1,5,1>Had a wonderful experience here. I had to bring my dog on a Saturday because he had an injured leg and the staff was just amazing. They got him a blanket to lay on so he would be more comfortable and treated us so wonderful. The Vet was super friendly and truly cared. I would definitely use them again for any emergency!!!
<review# 122,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2014,7/28/2014,1555,1215,23,27,31>I just love the King Street District in Riverside.  I'm basically just going to echo what everyone else has said, but of course I have to throw my $.02 cents into the hat.  HahaPark and then walk.  Like 5 Points (also in Riverside) this is a great area to just walk around.  There are local shops, restaurants, and bars everywhere.  Definitely something for everyone.  And who doesn't like to support the local community?!When we have nothing to do but want to do something, we'll often come here and spend hours.  It's especially great to walk around this area when we're having beautiful Florida weather.If you haven't visited the King Street District, you are missing out.  Bookmark it on Yelp and make it a priority to get there asap!
<review# 123,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2014,7/27/2014,48,37,3,5,4>Seven Bridges is a cool spot, I love the look and feel of this place. The exposed brick reminds me of Baltimore. I came in last night to catch the Syracuse vs. Pitt game. Ok, I'll be honest, I went for the beer but watching the game was a bonus. I ordered the beer sampler which consisted of 7 different beers in a 2 ounce shot glass, along with an xtra dirty martini (don't judge me) lol. For starters I went with the asiago artichoke crab dip which is insanely good, I order this every time I go. The bread that comes with it is sooooo delicious. With that being said I could have just had an appetizer and beer, the two go together so well. But I didn't stop there, for my main course I ordered the Bistro Steak. Ummm... it was ok, it was prepared exactly as I ordered (meduim rare), but there wasn't much flavor to it. The cheddar mash that came with it was a little too salty for my taste and the veggies were blah. All in all I really like this place, the atmosphere is really cool, I consider this to be an upscale Ale House lol.
<review# 124,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2014,7/26/2014,96,161,5,8,3>GO! A must go for a weekend camping, hiking, enjoying the beach getaway. The weather held out for us and we chose to camp. The old oaks and palms that provide cover make it a beautiful camping experience. Our site, 26, was perfect. Just enough privacy with water and electric. That's great since I brought my coffee pot! Our neighbors were quiet and respectful. The other campers seemed to respectfully observe the quiet times posted for the campground. Its nice to walk around the marsh areas and just enjoy the peace and quiet. The restroom facilities were clean and well kept. We also chose to hike the 4 mile loop. The first 2 miles lead you through the wooded area along the beach. Nice cypress and pines are everywhere. Lots of nice picture opportunities. We even ran into a gopher turtle and he posed for us. After the two mile mark your lead out to the beach. It was windy and cool on our day but it was still great. We found a few sand dollars and drift wood. We completed the loop in about an hour and a half. Also while we were there, the park was blessed with a rare Snow Owl appearance. It attracted many tourist and bird watchers to see it. I tried to get a pic of the owl but my camera couldn't get close enough. Go to Little Talbot and enjoy some of the outdoors. You will be happy!
<review# 125,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2014,7/25/2014,9,29,6,11,6>I LOVED this place and so did my wife and 2 friends that came with us.  This was a very tight-run ship; everything from the kiosk where you register as a first time driver to finishing your race was very smooth, organized and put together. The rep who registered our Racing License and our races was great! He was friendly, patient and knew exactly what he was doing. He suggested that we book all of our races at the time of payment so that we wouldn't spend much time waiting in between races. We purchased the 3 race package for $50 and we were all set. He told us our wait for the first race would be about 45 minutes. After stepping into the race area we located a table to sit at while waiting for our names to be called for the first race. We sat right next to the Le Mans track and watched several races where people were clearly having fun and whipping around the turns at high speeds.  Pretty soon our names were called for pre-race prep...it certainly didn't feel like 45 minutes had passed but it really did. The pre-race prep involves an explanation of the various flags that could be used in a race, and selecting a helmet and helmet sock. The area was closed off with gates and the size of the area was appropriate for the number of people to be comfortable during the process. We were assigned karts automatically and directed to find our kart in the row and how to buckle in safely. We were then staged onto the track at a very slow speed before they turned it up for us to get a practice lap under how belts. At this point we didn't know that they don't turn it up all the way because we were still going pretty fast...or what we thought was pretty fast anyway. I was pleasantly surprised at how fast these karts are. WOW!!  I like speed and this experience rocked me in the best way!  The races are 14 laps as finished by the leader. The leader is determined by lap times rather than position, which means you don't have to worry about passing people in order to win, you just need fast laps. At the end of our first race (Monaco track) we were about to put our helmets back on the rack when we were called for our 2nd race on the Le Mans track.  We were able to skip the safety briefing since we had already been through it. The Le Mans track was faster than Monaco!  After the 2nd race we did have about a 10 minute wait before being called for our 3rd and final race, back to the Le Mans track we went. After each race you get a printout of your performance along with various stats an rankings.  It was very easy information to follow and put together very well. They have a very small snack and drink section with Coke products and chips/crackers/candy. If you want real food you can find a food truck outside the front door. We will definitely be back!  I plan to extend my winning streak
<review# 126,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2014,7/24/2014,512,73,6,9,6>This place practically screams "mom n pop," but for me, that's always a good thing. I had a hunkerin' for a good home cooked breakfast...more specifically a corned beef hash breakfast, and as I was driving through the neighborhood, Gina's caught my eye, and the rest is history. Scenery: I can best describe the atmosphere as....as....never mind. Florida gator fans who own a diner? I dunno. There are no words, really. Not that it's bad, it's just unique to all other diners I've seen, so the precise words elude me. Guess you gotta see for yourself....so GO!Eats: Corned beef hash, two eggs over easy, home fries, and toast is where it's at. It's almost as if the nice tattooed guy who ran the kitchen knew that I liked my hash with that yummy outer crust. Perfectly cooked and even better when mixed in with the runny eggs. Home fries? Seasoned nicely and not undercooked, which is always a relief. Bite for bite, a highly satisfying breakfast experience.With reasonable prices, and an extensive menu for both lunch and dinner, I would very much recommend Gina's to all my fellow Yeeps. I'm looking forward to trying out one of their "rider (or is it ryder?)" sandwiches, or even that "steak in a sack" thing, which I've seen at a few other places as well, but never had the guts to try. One of these days I'll suck it up and give it a whirl. All in all, I say to you that Gina's is definitely worth a shot. Go out and support your local eats, and keep on Yelping!!!
<review# 127,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2014,7/23/2014,20,140,2,3,2>Going to move them up to 5 stars. They added a new sausage (made in house) and it was FANTASTIC. It also appears they have brought the kids on board to help out. They were hospitable, friendly, helpful, and conversational! The owner came from behind the counter to shake my hand and "thank me" for my business. The sausages are great! Best all beef dogs in town. Bacon is thick and smokey. The beef is always fresh and the extras in the store are very down south! Congrats Tilman's, you are only one pf a couple I have given a 5 star to,....love it!
<review# 128,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2014,7/22/2014,278,182,3,3,3>I passed this park a couple of times when driving to the Five Points area. After taking my youngest son to the pediatrician, afterwards we went to the Riverside Park. For being off a main road, you never feel like you are in harms way. They have a fairly sturdy gate that lines the Park Street side of the street. It's a park that back in the day was very dirty and the pond was filled with trash & bottles. It now looks like they do a better job at keeping it clean. They have a playground area for the big & smaller kids. I especially like the Duck Pond area. It's nice and if you bring a little bread with you, they go crazy. They also have turtles, my boys love turtles. I have seen a lot of people have birthday gatherings when I drive by. They do have some Port-a-potties in your have to relieve yourself. So this is a nice park to enjoy great weather, the kids will have fun with either the playground or the pond.
<review# 129,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2014,7/21/2014,38,43,5,3,2>You know it's good when you and your friend are the only two non Filipino people there! Everything we had was great. The beef egg rolls were spot on and the pancit was even better. We also had the barbecue pork on a stick. Want to go back and try more very soon!Service was slow but the waiter was really friendly. They only serve bottled water and cans of coke out of a refrigerator by the door. It's a small cafe. They apparently do a lot of take out because people were coming in and picking up food the entire time we were there. When you walk in the door if no one is working out front, just sit anywhere and they will be with you. My friend and I stood at the counter waiting because we weren't sure, but just sit down and someone will be right out. And enjoy an authentic Filipino dining experience!
<review# 130,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2014,7/20/2014,2,14,2,6,3>This is a great park to walk your dog! Our little Boston Terrier Mix had so much fun and absolutely loved this place! The park also has great scenery and easy to walk paths. It's probably 1-3 miles in total. So not too big, but enough to get a good walk in. There wasn't a lot of parking, so be sure to get there early if it's a nice day out. There are also picnic spots with grills, if you desire to have a little cookout with friends/family. Great park for both dogs and kids!
<review# 131,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2013,7/19/2014,20,10,2,4,3>While the ambiance of the interior (and exterior) of the restaurant left a bit to be desired, the food was amazing. The bread they brought out was fresh, hot, and clearly homemade. My pasta dish was super delish, and my husband's dish was excellent as well. Honestly, it made me sad that we seemed to be the only ones in the restaurant. I would love to see them do well because their food is so darn good.This is the best kept secret of Orange Park. It's hard to find non-chain restaurants, so having Sorbello's in town is fantastic.
<review# 132,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2014,7/18/2014,62,242,6,8,7>I love the entrance to this club, and the multiple areas it has within.Get your ID checked, a wrist band or an X, and wander down the brick alleyway... it opens to a patio, with seating and often a live DJ playing. To your left you'll find the entrance to the indoor portion, which has a long bar on the left, and a couple of open doorways to the right- one which leads to the bathroom foyer with a cigarette machine, the other which leads to a pool table/lounge area. The bathroom foyer and the lounge area are attached as well. Wander on down past the bar, and you'll find a dance floor, stage, and more seating.I also love that they offer MULTIPLE ciders on tap, and a $15 bottle of champagne so you can look like a baller if you so choose.The biggest bonus of all? They have a wide variety of nights, from nerdcore, to industrial goth, special events, alternative, and top 40. It's pretty diverse.And... the bartenders are ALL my type of sexy. Rawr.Improvements? The whole place could use a little facelift, and I'd especially like to see the patio with a more secure cover, and ground more stabilized. Water tends to gather on the ground in puddles, and the bricks can get a little dicey in heels even when dry.
<review# 133,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2014,7/17/2014,52,65,,7,3>My friends and i went to Sushiko the other day..one of our group arrived before the rest and was happily drinking a beer when we got there..we were greeted when we walked in and instantly offered a drink..very friendly staff from begining to end..two of the group had hibachi, which looked delish, and will have to be tried on a later visit..the other two including myself stuck to the sushi, and it was AWESOME..the flavors and textures were on point, and everything tasted really fresh.  We had a coupon that was apparently a misprint, and did not offer the discount we thought we were getting, so they brought out a free order of fried oreos which were really tasty! overall nice place, clean relaxed atmosphere, and great food!
<review# 134,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2014,7/16/2014,0,11,1,6,4>Reasonably priced, fast and fresh (unlike most places in this price range). The owner is very friendly and accommodating. I've had the pork and beef bahn mi sandwiches, both of which were excellent, and the marinated beef with fried rice. Definitely worth a try if you're in the area.
<review# 135,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2014,7/15/2014,239,155,8,10,9>I've had the chance on many occasions to watch the Jacksonville Suns play.  Each time has been very enjoyable!  The crowd typically gets into the games, cheering on the hometeam and has even been known to show appreciation to a great play by an opposing player.  Ticket prices are pretty reasonable; it's the concession prices you have to worry about!  Although I think that's expected at most sports venues.The stadium is kept very clean and all of the staff here is extremely friendly.  I look forward to seeing another Jacksonville Suns game in the near future!
<review# 136,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2013,7/14/2014,43,10,2,3,4>We went to The Wine Bar early on a Friday night.  It was so nice and relaxing and the wine selection was delicious.  A little later that night a band played (don't remember the name)and they were really good.  They played some fun cover band songs which were fun to sing along and dance to.
<review# 137,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2013,7/13/2014,30,22,,2,1>Great.  They were able to help my back pain and find issue that my previous chiropractor was not able to.   Dr. Baiata is very nice and easy to talk to.  It was a great experience.
<review# 138,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2014,7/12/2014,16,12,2,4,2>I tried Frangipani a couple times in my first  few years in Jacksonville. Always had excellent service and great cuts and color, but was dissuaded by the higher prices coming from a smaller town. Fast forward a few years, and I'm a loyalist now. This salon has a variety of stylists who can work with a variety of hair types. I have a head full of thin, naturally wavy/curly hair that I wear both straight and curly. Finding someone who understands that is tricky, until I met Adriene. She does a great job each time I see her and always makes me feel as good as I look walking out the door.
<review# 139,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2013,7/11/2014,54,83,8,17,8>Let me start off by saying I am by no means ritzy, fancy schmancy or part of Elite Society (except on Yelp, of course lol) and I have been here many times without having to reserve, pay or know anyone special. I say that because after reading Hilary L's review and her list of things that will allow you access to the beach, I'm like "Huh? Not really..."  lol I have been here MANY times and have always gotten on the beach with no problem, no questions asked. No, it's not just me pulling a back door stunt; if you drive far enough through the neighborhood, you will start to come up on the real live mansions (like, with gates cutting them off from the rest of the world type) and right as you start feeling like you should go back the way you came, BAM there's the open-to-the public parking lot. It's very spacious with bathrooms and shower areas as well as a few pathways that lead directly to the beach. This particular area, I just learned (Thanks Shelley M!) is called Mickler's Landing. So, hopefully that's some good news to the 99% (including you Miss Hilary...spend that hard earned $150 on something else and enjoy Nature for free *smile*) Be warned, the route is a little (ok, a whole lot) intimidating; every home looks like you'd see it on an episode of MTV Cribs. Mini mansions, golf clubs, country clubs, My-daddy's-rich-so-I-am-too clubs...but beautiful to look at nonetheless. Very quiet, perfectly manicured, upscale neighborhoods is what you get to feast your eyes on while heading to the beach. The atmosphere is very family oriented; I love watching the kids and pets run around like lil crazies, the old couples stroll along the water hand and hand, the young couples lounging and the book readers occasionally people watching (like me). No matter how many people are there, it's never too packed...I have always been able to easily find a spot to sit by myself (or ourself if I'm with company) without any interruptions. Simply B-E-A-utiful. I need to put this back on my list as something to do every weekend because it's atmosphere is so compatible with me and I haven't been in a while. If you are in the mood for the beach but can do without the stereotypical beach-y setting, then I definitely recommend Ponte Vedra for a relaxing experience! :-)
<review# 140,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2014,7/10/2014,8,15,2,4,2>I've bought two bikes here before and I'll never go anywhere else.  The staff is really knowledgable and friendly.  They're not pushy as we've been by a few times to check out bikes before buying and they helped us just as nice each time.  Great local biz!
<review# 141,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2014,7/9/2014,38,21,,2,1>Using Yelp, I found this salon!I just moved to Jacksonville in 2013, and after shaving my head, needed a new stylist to shape up my hair. Walking in on a Saturday morning, Lee, a stylist at Shampoo, was able to squeeze me in, and give me the exact haircut I was looking for! Will be back soon for another cut and possibly color.
<review# 142,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2013,7/8/2014,103,159,,6,1>Tori, the owner of the store, is such a sweetheart.  She's super knowledgeable about all things vintage and will suggest and help you put together awesome outfits, which is great because I have no fashion sense whatsoever.  Plus, it's all very affordable!  Woo hoo!The store is cozy and yet there's quite a few things in here from dresses to hats to jewelry to shoes.  It's not open by appointment only anymore... it has regular store hours, which is good.Totally worth a visit!!
<review# 143,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2014,7/7/2014,3,9,,3,1>Went there again today. Got to hang out and wait till Frank got back from a quick lunch trip I think he was surprised to see me so soon. Again, the shave was great. I've already figured on going  every  two weeks. What a treat. frank did an excellent job. Can't wait to go back soon. Thanks Frank.
<review# 144,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2014,7/6/2014,48,112,4,6,2>Love this hookah bar!I have been here twice for date nights with my honey. When you first walk in, your eyes are drawn to the large tents decorated with floor cushions equipped with a fake fire pit and candles. In the greater room there are tables and chairs. The back has the bar and along the side walls of the lounge are booth seats and tables. The lights are always dim with the music at a reasonable level for talking.Lets get to the menu. The prices are reasonable I must say! For example, we got a hookah, a repack, appetizer, beverages (non-alcoholic), and hot tea for under $30. (Well under $20 because I had a check-in deal! WOOOOOT!) We typically go for the Al Fakher sisha because we get to mix up to 3 flavors. Sometimes my combinations have been crazy, but meh it all ends up tasting the same in the end for me haha. Top flavors I mix are strawberry, mint, pineapple, pomegranate, plum, or peach. If you're indecisive like I am, just ask your waitress to surprise you! I haven't been disappointed yet. Speaking of waitresses, We always end up getting the same girl. (I believe her name is Sarah? I'm terrible with names, but she always remembers us and is always pretty friendly and personable) And this wouldn't be a hookah lounge if there were no belly dancers! They have a dancer who comes out every hour or so. She dances and works the room for about 10-15 min? (It could be longer; when I smoke hookah, time escapes me. I'm usually just really relaxed and drift off) The music isn't too blaring and the dancing isn't half bad. I believed they are trained at the belly dancing studio that is found in The Avenues Mall. Food: I haven't really gotten the food from here besides the appetizers (which were cheese sticks; they were...well cheese sticks. I hope no one can mess those up!) And we got some hot, black tea. Nothing fancy. But it came out on a cute tray and kettle of sugar with spoons. Overall, it's a fun place; great for dates; and killing time. Go for your next date night! Hey, you may see me there too haha I'm already a regular.
<review# 145,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/9/2014,7/5/2014,62,63,,3,2>Since I have lived in the area this particular location had been a St. John's Seafood (which I didn't particularly care for) and an Italian/Greek/Mediterranean styled restaurant (which was was actually quite good). It's now a seafood restaurant again and was pretty good. The staff was very friendly and made sure the patrons were well attended to while eating. To begin, we ordered a sampler platter. It included bang bang shrimp, calamari and gator bites. The shrimp were doused with a sweetish sauce and was very tasty. However, you shouldn't go in expecting Bonefish's bang bang shrimp. These were very different, but in a good way. The gator bites were also quite good. As they weren't tough and chewy, but were very tender pieces of gator and seasoned very good. I mean the GlamBaby was even eating them, which says a lot on the subject of being tender. Now the calamari, I just wasn't feeling. I can't quite put my finger on it, but there was a taste I didn't quite like. For my meal, I selected the seafood trio and chose shrimp, oysters an scallops. I was very pleased with the shrimp because they weren't small popcorn shrimp and again seasoned very well. My initial thought after glancing at the oysters, were that they were fried too long. However, when I bit into them they were actually perfectly fried. Not hard at all. I think the darkness threw me for a curve. The scallops had that same flavor as the calamari and I didn't care for them either. I seriously can't explain it, but it was different. They also seemed a bit watery. The entree included 2 sides and I chose fried corn on the cob and Mac n Cheese. The fried corn on the cob was very good. Nice and buttery with big kernels of sweet corn for the gnawing! Yum!!! The Mac n Cheese was not my favorite, but I'm very particular about that dish anyway. I'll end this review by saying Fisherman's was really good. Can I say it was as good as another fairly new seafood restaurant located further down the way? Not yet. However, there is potential and I look forward to seeing this establishment grow. I will return.
<review# 146,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2014,7/4/2014,53,125,,8,2>I didn't see the negative reviews on this place until I sat down and already ordered my drink, but honestly I am glad it worked out that way because I would've  probably missed out on what turned out to be a great experience. The place was pretty empty when we arrived, but slowly filled up as time progressed. I ordered the pan con bistec with fries and a friend ordered the cuban sandwich. For an appetizer we ordered the guava and cheese empanadas. The empanadas were fantastic! They were crunchy were they needed to be and the filling was just delicious. It wasn't the usual guava and cream cheese though, they used what I believe was melted muenster cheese and guava, which paired very well in my opinion. My pan con bistec was very good as well. The steak was tender throughout and flavored to perfection. I had to fight the urge to want to eat the second half so that I could eat it later on at home :-). I was able to snag a piece of my friends Cuban sandwich and it was awesome. He also agreed that it was very good. It had a lot of meat in it also which makes me wonder just how massive the deluxe cuban is which has double the meat! The service was great and the prices are reasonable. I would definitely return here to eat again. No negatives equals a positive for me. I didn't give them a 5 star rating because I thought the food was definitely good, but not the best I've had.
<review# 147,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2014,7/3/2014,80,98,1,4,2>I think this is one of the better nail salons in town. First of all, the place is very large, so I've never had to wait long. I usually make an appointment and walk down on my lunch break. They have lots of options and carry the good brands (lots of OPI). This is my go-to place to get gel. They take a lot of time and make sure your nails look perfect before you walk out the door. All of the techs seem friendly and experienced. They are quick but careful. I am a little surprised the gel is $30... I'd be curious to see what it is at other places. But they do a good job, and it lasts a long time, so I'm willing to pay it.
<review# 148,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2014,7/2/2014,51,23,,2,2>Just about my favorite place in Jacksonville Beach to eat. My favorite is the Tom Ka Gai soup and the garden vegetable plate. Soothing atmosphere. Try it for lunch too. Easy parking and great service.
<review# 149,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2014,7/1/2014,171,323,5,12,5>Took a day trip out of our hood and went to see the big cats.  The Catty Shack Ranch is a great place to spend some time with animals who have been donated by their owners or retired from zoos.  The guided tour allows you to get up close and personal with the amazing creatures.  I especially love the tigers and lions.  In a way I wish they had much more room to run around, but grateful they are located here in JAX where we can be among their feline energy.  Next time I go, I want to go during the night feeding. Go hear these giant meow-meows Roooaaarrr!  So worth the price of admission!
<review# 150,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2014,6/30/2014,57,6,3,7,4>Exciting edition to five points. Beer, beer cocktails, coffee and gourmet toast. Craft beer, expresso and coffee. Imaginative and refreshing beer cocktails will be served by the pitcher. Sampled gourmet toast, was floored by the community loaves bread with goat cheese, Kim chi jelly and arugula. Happy to part of the brew crew awaiting my gold koozie.
<review# 151,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2014,6/29/2014,31,23,,3,1>I have a habit of seeking out my favorite Thai dish; Green Curry Chicken (I know, I know, it is very predictable)  The dish is cooked with baby corn, snow peas, green peas thai eggplant, bell peppers, onions, and carrots.  My husband ordered the Pad Woon Sen which also looked very desirable!  It consists of beef, stir-fried clear noodles, egg, onions, mushrooms, scallions, red peppers, zucchini, carrots and snow peas.   I also like to order their vegetarian fried spring rolls here also, they are served with a sweet sauce and crushed cashews for dipping.I was immediately in awe of the authenticity of the dish within the first bite. And when you order you are asked how much spice you prefer rather than the cook assuming you like everything at Thai level hot, which if you are familiar with Thai food you are aware of how hot that can be. The staff is friendly, and the wait for the food is not a long one. I highly recommend this restaurant to everyone if you are looking for great Thai food at the beach!
<review# 152,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2014,6/28/2014,227,252,2,3,2>My husband discovered this place first when he was sick and craving soup. I suggested he try pho (since he had never had it before) and this was his destination of choice. I then took him to a different pho place and he said to me that "his" place was better. So the next time I was sick and craving pho we went to PK Noodles. I have to agree with him that this place is better than the pho place I used to go to. And while I've only tried a couple different pho places this has become my favorite. I of course can't pronounce anything on the menu (thank god for descriptions) and I always order by number. Last night I branched out from pho and had # 36 which was delicious and my husband branched out as well and had # 37a. We both agreed that they were definitely items we'd order again and that they can best be described as pho without the broth.
<review# 153,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2014,6/27/2014,72,49,,3,2>I was thinking I would have to go fried here but they totally delivered on the grilled seafood! My dad wanted seafood for Father's Day so we landed here. I ordered the mahi and shrimp with green beans and salad. The fish was fresh and tasty! The green beans were awesome and fresh! The salad was great! My husband said his clam strips were fantastic! Will definitely be back.
<review# 154,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2014,6/26/2014,90,110,2,8,5>Love this little spot. They are always open late, the staff is super accomodating, the prices are amazing and they usally have some form of entertainment, be it live music or a DJ. Went last night (Sunday) and stayed until 10pm hanging out with some friends. I tried the hot apple tea and it was fantastic && under $2. Can't beat that! They also serve beer and wine which is nice. They recommened the frozen drinks but it was still a little too cold outside for that for me so I stuck to the warmer options. They are usually open well past midnight, sometimes past 2am depending on the day and the crowd. Nice spot to have good conversation and relax.
<review# 155,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2014,6/25/2014,23,35,,5,2>Sidecar is a great addition to the scene in San Marco. They are located next door to the newly opened V PIzza and across the street (roughly) from Aardwolf Brewery. The vibe of the place is classy hipster cool, with detailed murals on the outside walls and handwritten drink special menus inside. The selection of whiskeys (Irish, Scotch and Bourbon) was pretty impressive. The other liquors were well chosen as well. They clearly put thought into their selections, which I appreciate. They have cocktails on tap that are basically like a punch: mixed beforehand and easy to access. I tried one and it was really nice. It had strawberry shrub, gin, black tea and number of other ingredients that worked out to a refreshing drink that was very fruity but had a tart, puckery aftertaste. I really enjoyed it. It's a little on the pricey side for cocktails, but if you go during happy hour, it's really not too bad. Besides, in this case, you get what you pay for!
<review# 156,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2014,6/24/2014,0,8,,4,1>I've been here about 4 times now. I really like it. My favorites - the Smothered Saucy Fries, Southern Fried Chicken tacos and the Spicy Shrimp tacos. My no so favorites- the Chorizo Queso. Not a fan of their chips. They were too greasy for my taste. The Shrimp Mexican Pizza wasn't awful but wasn't great. I just prefer the tacos. Also, many craft beers on tap so it's a great place to meet up with friends and knock back a few. :)
<review# 157,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2014,6/23/2014,24,144,2,4,4>Another great find in this town that I used to call boring! It is a divey 'bar' that has great food, too. Improv is there on Friday nights, and if you pass this gem by, you are missing out.Staff is just what you'd want/expect in this hip joint--awesome, attentive, and genuine.
<review# 158,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2014,6/22/2014,46,29,2,6,3>If we forget the fact that The Southern Grill is one of the few restaurants within spitting distance of my office and take them at food value, they are an absolutely fantastic place for classic southern comfort cooking at any time of day.Between my colleagues and myself we've worked our way through most of the menu and have rarely been disappointed.For those of you unfortunate enough to take a lunch before 1pm be warned, the place is packed up until 12:30-1pm.  I'm fortunate enough to be able to take my lunch whenever my schedule allows, and I only ever visit TSG after 1pm when I know I'll always find a clean table, however they close at 2:30pm so time it right!The only downside is that a lot of their big food favourites have been eaten up by the time I get there, but with a menu so colossal you'll always find something you'll enjoy.Being fortunate enough to work nearby I don't have to worry about parking, however they are located on a very small lot that only has limited parking so you may have a bit of a walk on your hands if you're coming in from elsewhere.Enjoy the fish tank that sits in front of the counter.  It's a little random and a touch out of place for what is essentially a greasy spoon diner, however it's an odd addition that somehow becomes a complimentary part of the overall atmosphere.You order and pay at the counter, grab your number and they will bring your food to you - you'll have time to pour yourself a drink from their soft drink stand and grab your cutlery.  Thankfully each table has a napkin dispenser.The breakfast options are big and filling: burritos, breakfast bowls, French toast, combo plates, omelets and so on.For lunch you can either dine in or take out: all are large portions that are well seasoned and very filling including meatloaf, chicken parmesan, country fried steak, pulled pork/beef/turkey, smoked pork ribs, bourbon chicken, Jamaican grouper or their secret off-menu item of Southwest Grouper, meatballs and so on.They offer a great range of sides including tobouli salad (slightly too tart and vinegary for me), hummus & pita, BBQ beans, collard greens, mashed potato & gravy, potato salad, corn bread, mac'n'cheese (with penne pasta instead of macaroni, which is a nice change), coleslaw, french fries and so on.They're usually out of mashed potato & gravy by the time I get there, but bizarrely enough their rice works perfectly with every dish that I've had it with.Spend more than 15-minutes in TSG and the sweet, musky smell of smoke will cling to you for the rest of the day.Great food, good prices, manic at lunchtime but with all the surrounding offices you already knew it'd be popular, and it's a bit of a lottery as to what dishes and sides are left the later you visit.
<review# 159,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2014,6/21/2014,102,93,2,4,2>OK, let's get this out of the way first: Panda House is a hole in the wall. I mean, it really is. You can easily drive pass the strip mall it's in and never see it. It's ultra tiny and the signage is nothing to brag about either. But now that I've said that upfront, that's about the only thing you're going to find wrong with this place. As some of the other Yelpers on Panda House have noted, the food there is above average. Seriously above average. I say that as someone who, in general, is not a big fan of Chinese food at all. I actually walked into Panda House thinking this situation would be terrible. I went home with my Hunan Family Special and was immediately quieted. The rice, the steak, the chicken, the shrimp, everything was fantastic. The staffers are pleasant and work quietly and quickly. The restaurant itself is off the beaten path so you'll never have a problem finding solid parking and the prices are typical for Chinese food. I guess the owners of this place figure they don't have to have a fancy-looking spot and would rather pour their talents into the food.
<review# 160,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2014,6/20/2014,307,776,2,6,4>I haven't been to this Stan's in maybe 5-6 years now. The new owner's really stepped it up a little bit. They have cleaned the place up and brightened up also. The place isn't as dingy as I remembered. So for the food I strayed away from my normal kind of. I usually go for a camel rider at these type of sandwiches places. I did stay with my other go to and that's the Italian of some sorts. They have an Italian Trio and let me say it is good. The meats were gently fried to really bring out the flavors. The toppings were fresh and crisp. The tomatoes were firm but juicy and the bread was soft and fresh. I really enjoyed this sandwich and I bet it won't be 5 years till I come back.
<review# 161,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2013,6/19/2014,29,3,1,4,4>A friend of mine tipped me off to this place and I brought my wife back the next day. Definitely the biggest asian grocer in Jacksonville that I've found, Hung Thinh has a full produce section, butcher shop and prepared foods area. We stocked up on just about everything and have been cooking up a storm the past couple of days! We went on a Saturday and brought home some roast pork belly from the prepared foods section. Wow. The crackly skin with the perfectly roasted pork belly dipped in the hoisin based sauce they included was a taste and texture home run. I'm still obsessing 24 hours later. A half pound was about $4.75 so yeah.... go buy some. Anyway this place actually brought me out of Yelp obscurity to write a review. I'll definitely be back.
<review# 162,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2014,6/18/2014,26,57,1,10,4>I'm so excited to finally have Bold Bean at the beach! The coffee is delicious and flavorful! The staff are very knowledgeable and nice. They take the time to help you choose your perfect coffee. I also really love the decor. It's super trendy. OH and they have the most amazing cookies!! I had the chocolate chip cookie and its probably the best I've ever had. The prices are very reasonable.
<review# 163,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2014,6/17/2014,49,46,4,8,5>It's hard to drive by Angie's and not start craving one of their subs. I'm a big fan of toasted subs, and they have a way of serving a perfectly crisp sandwich each and every time I've ordered one.Besides the fresh bread, the fillings aren't half bad either - each sub is filled with tons of meat, cheese and additional toppings (go for the knick knack if you like more crunch to your sub, totally worth it).If it's your first time ordering, stay to eat instead of taking your sub to go. The decor is eclectic (sometimes questionable) and fun to check out while you're catching up with friends. The staff is super friendly too, always laidback and having fun but still courteous and quick with your order.I'm a Sweet Teddy person myself (a mix of roast beef and turkey, bacon, provolone cheese and a helping of Peruvian sauce), but I don't mind going for the Del Rio (turkey, roast beef, bacon, provolone, mushrooms, BBQ Fritos and spicy ranch) or the classic Peruvian (ham, genoa salami, bacon, Italian sausage, provolone and Peruvian sauce) if I'm looking to switch up my choices.One last tip - you've gotta try the sweet tea, they have a 20 gallon tub of it at all times for a reason.
<review# 164,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2014,6/16/2014,27,34,,3,1>The old KCrave!! We loved this place and were happy to find out that the same people are still there and the. Food is very similar to what was previously served. My husband and I took out our son for our anniversary dinner. We walked in and were greater with a warm smile and sat right away. There was a going away party at the bar for one of the bartenders and everyone seemed to be having a good time. We ordered the tuna poke appetizer along with the pow shrimp. Both were equally amazing. I ordered the filet medallions with Gorgonzola cheese, my son ordered the tempura fish and chips, and my husband ordered the red fish. All dishes were amazing. The only reason why I didn't give. Jaxon social five stars was our server was slow. It wasn't really noticeable until the end of our meal when we ordered the pistachio crusted Creme brûlée and it took over 25 minutes to get. Then afterwards we sat at our table staring around looking for our server to ask for the check and could not find her. I decided to get up and ask the host for our check and we got it within a minute. We will definitely give this place multiple more try's and would suggest it to others who are looking for something different to eat!
<review# 165,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2014,6/15/2014,1,12,2,8,4>I wasn't really expecting that much, but this was wicked wicked good. We ordered oysters on the half shell, which were good.  But then we got the combination boil with the hot sauce. King crab legs, crawfish, mussels, shrimp, clams, sausage, corn and potatoes are brought to you in a giganto plastic bag and the server says if you keep it in the plastic bag rather than dumping it out, it stays hot longer. We started eating, and eating and eating from this never ending cornucopia of hot tasty seafood. The heat was a good heat- my nose ran a bit but not so hot that you get the hot brain freeze that shoots up past your ears (unlike an ice cream freeze that goes to your forehead) and it was a flavourful/savoury  hot instead of a burn out your mouth hot- which I do like but I really enjoyed this. About halfway through, we were slowing down but kept at it like a couple of old boxers staggering around the ring- not wanting to stop even though the top button on the jeans was open and we were stuffed. We finally stopped with about 4 crawfish and 6 shrimps and 3 potatoes left and we really wanted to stick our heads in the bag and just lick the rest up.Anthony pointed out the sauce would probably make a good bloody mary mixer.  We spoke to the owner who said he had worked on the sauce for about 8 months to get it right. According to him most people get the medium or the mild sauce. He also said that Thursdays are better because that's when they can get in fresh crawfish as the ones that we had were frozen. I'm looking at the calendar now to figure out when I can come back with some friends. On a Thursday as Friday and Saturday brings on the lines.For me- I like to think of things as buy again or no buy and here it's not just buy- but I'd pay for a friend too to make sure they got some. and I know some day soon, I'll be sitting at my desk thinking. . . . mmmmmmm when can I make it over there again?
<review# 166,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2014,6/14/2014,307,131,3,5,6>Xtreme Wings is located off of Atlantic Blvd. between Sid & Linda's Seafood Market and Restaurant and The Tax Collector's Office.  I'm a fan of this place!When you come in, just pick where you want to sit and be comfortable. The place is spacious and the televisions are pasted all over the restaurant's walls.  There is a pool table in the back and video games for the kids to enjoy.  They even have a skee ball.The food is great.  Their teriyaki wings are my favorite.  Nice and crispy.  I've had their steak quesadilla.  That, too, is wonderful.  My son ordered the medium wings and he devoured them with ranch dressing.  Their fries were fried / cooked to perfection and not greasy.  The service was also great.  Ania did a fabulous job.  She's friendly,  attentive, and she checked on us often.  I will definitely be back again soon.Note: You can find coupons / deals in the Money Pages and Mint Magazines.
<review# 167,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2013,6/13/2014,74,816,,8,2>I noticed this place when it was being renovated next to Public and finally got a chance to stop in. I tried their tortellini with basil (ie pesto) sauce and it was awesome. Not too creamy like some of them can be. I also had their sangria which was good, better than most. They used a decent wine for a base which a lot of restaurants don't. My Italian husband order a dish with red sauce which he liked but said it was "Americanized". I tried it and liked it but I can tell that it does have a much different flavor than what my MIL has taught him to make. Overall, the food was awesome but if you are a traditional Italian try a dish without the marinara sauce!!
<review# 168,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2013,6/12/2014,161,465,4,7,1>We tried Mill House Steakhouse after watching a great movie at Hollywood River City.  My sister and brother-in-law have tried Mill House before and suggested we go there.  At first, I was really reluctant because their description was "... the menu is huge and has everything ranging from steak to Italian to Chinese..."O.o   eh... what?I am more in favor of "do one thing and do it great" when it comes to eating at a restaurant.  I mean, not that the one thing is like... one dish, but more of 'stick to the cuisine you know' type one thing.At any rate, being in a good mood (i.e. just watched a great movie) and not wanting to rock the boat as the 'picky eater' that my sister always teased me about, I muttered something to the effect of... "Sure... always good to try a new restaurant..."  So off we went.Well, the restaurant was huge.  Very spacious.  The hostess was very friendly and seated us at a big booth.  The menu was... as promised... huge and ranging from steak to Italian, to yep... Chinese.  I ordered an $1.99 strawberry margarita and I must say, for $1.99, it's pretty darn good.  I also ordered grilled then fried wings with parmesan and gorgonzola dip and it was DELICIOUS.  For the meal, I ordered their cajun jambalaya seafood pasta.  I must say, it wasn't what I expected, it was more like a heavy seafood pasta with Alfredo sauce.  Though tasty, I could only eat about a quarter of it before it got too heavy for me.My husband ordered a cowboy ribeye, medium rare, with seafood gumbo and potatoes as side.  Everything was delicious.  My brother-in-law's dish though, stole the show... the Pork Osso Bucco... braised bone in pork.  The meat was fall-off-the-bone tender and flavorful. I still may not trust a restaurant that is 'jack of all trades' to order me a Kung Pao Chicken, but I am definitely a fan of Mill House and will return to try something different.Oh yeah, and the service was great too.
<review# 169,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2014,6/11/2014,180,303,2,4,4>Somehow or another, I always seemed to miss heading to a show at 1904, even through various Art Walks and One Spark. Last night, 1904 hosted the World Arts Film Festival After Party and I finally got to see a show in this awesome space.1904 is straight forward. Beer (or wine) and music. Simple as that. They have a handful of beer on tap, but a pretty large bottle and can selection. Not going to lie, I was disappointed to see Budweiser and inBev products in the mix, especially with all the trouble they are giving our locals brewers. However, the first recommendation from the bartender was a local brew, so there's that. I was feeling like a stout last night and was excited to find out that they had Green Room Brewing's Count Shak-u-la on tap. I have been searching for that for awhile and most of my usual hangouts haven't had it, or I had just missed it on the rotation.    I walked in just as one of my fave local bands started their set. I've seen these guys play at Burro, Fly's Tie, and on outdoor stages, but I don't think I've heard them sound as good as they did last night. The sound guy was on point and the acoustics inside 1904 are absolutely beautiful. I don't know how I had never seen a show here before, but I'll definitely be making sure to come back.
<review# 170,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2014,6/10/2014,21,60,,8,7>This place is awesome ! They just open last week. They will be opening bakery part in few more weeks. There were many choices of sausages. We had sausage sampler it was crazy food ! They make their own sausages. Even better ! Potato salad was awesome with touch of dill! The staff was very friendly. I think it was the owner came out and spoke to us a little. He said he usually have BBQ rib and chicken on the weekend. Seems like he will be adding more and more on the menu. I can't wait to come back. Especially when the bakery part open. I bet the coffee is Probably really good too! Defiantly going back ! Great job guys !!!!
<review# 171,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2014,6/9/2014,131,117,2,5,3>Another awesome Italian restaurant found through yelp in Orange park. The service is excellent. There is always a large group dinning when I visit and everyone is welcoming. Several different types of beers on tap and they have reasonable pitcher prices. Pizzas are made with a fluffy crust, they don't skimp on toppings and they have daily specials worth ordering. Everything from the appetizers to the homemade made to order Cannolis. Delicious!
<review# 172,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/22/2014,6/8/2014,180,254,,7,4>Had a sneak peek of San Marco's latest spot, V Pizza (and neighboring bar, Sidecar -- also set to open in late May). The pizzas cook in a 900+-degree wood-burning pizza oven, making them come out hot and delicious in a matter of minutes. I sampled several but the Pizza Capricciosa with San Marzano tomatoes, fresh mozzarella, mushroom, proscuitto, hardboiled egg, artichoke hearts and extra virgin olive oil was the standout The simple Pizza Margherita -- San Marzano tomatoes, fresh mozarella, a little basil -- was also a hit. The crust is nice and sturdy, but not too thick and the pizza are not greasy at all. Others I sampled were on the bland side.You order, pay and sit, which makes it easy. Pricing is standard -- calzones are $12-15, pizzas (including build-your-own) are $13-$16, wood-oven roasted wings are $12, and so forth. Prices are a bit steep.V offers beer (with two local drafts from Intuition Ale Works + Green Room Brewing) and wine. The atmosphere is extremely spacious and industrial -- high ceilings, exposed walls and ceiling/air-conditioning ducts -- and is on the louder side.  The desserts were delicious and among the several we tried (cannoli, tiramisu, limoncello and ricotta and the italian cheesecake) the cannoli and tiramisu were favorites.Great spot for lunch, after work, or dinner. Welcome to San Marco, V Pizza.
<review# 173,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2014,6/7/2014,14,9,,4,3>My favorite Mediterranean food in Jax. Clean place and friendly family. I have regularly eaten their Greek Salad with chicken and falafel  going on 4 years now. The feta they use is soft and creamy, more mild than the standard firm chunks at most restaurants. I introduced my coworkers to this place and all of them have liked what they ordered. I haven't  tried desserts but they are very tempting.
<review# 174,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2014,6/6/2014,204,187,2,5,4>I absolutely love this place! I have been coming here for more than twenty years. I always brought my two boys here for a day on the Nature trails, wiggling our toes in the the creeks, off the docks, picnicking, taking  tours of the Two story Museum, petting the goats and watching the turtles. I even had some birthday parties out here for my son, Bert. It is only a couple of dollars per person, or you can join(highly recommended) the yearly membership plan. They have the Butterfly Festival every April, all must see. It used to be free back in the day. A few dollars for a lot of fun is great! Let me know if you go and how you liked it. Pack a lunch and some bottled water. Bring your walking sticks because there are a lot of roots throughout the trails. You would not want to fall, young or old. Enjoy a little piece of the country, right in the middle of the big city.
<review# 175,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2014,6/5/2014,51,70,,3,3>This is a little place but cute inside. The waitresses are all very pleasant and courteous. The prices are slightly higher here I think than some other sushi places, but the food is good quality. It is the closest sushi restaurant to my house so that makes me like it even more :) My boyfriend loves sushi and can eat A LOT, so we got the love boat last time and it was displayed so cute and with a good amount of food. We ate it all and the chefs choice special roll was very good. I like that it even came with eel, which you may not get in other restaurants. It took a little while longer than anticipated to get our food, but they had a full house so it was understandable. The pineapple they gave us from the chef for a little dessert was a nice gesture and very welcome!
<review# 176,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2014,6/4/2014,63,49,2,6,5>Born and raised in the South,  I am a BBQ lover from way back. I've been to the local chain spots and wouldn't pass up a chance to chow down on some of their Ribs or Pulled Pork, but there is something about a privately owned joint that really brings me in to try them out. So on my first visit to BBQ Junction I decided on the Pulled Pork as I often do. The nice selection of Mustard & Ketchup based sauces were a nice surprise as well. The meat was tender, juicy with a good mix of meat and outer bark for texture.  The BBQ Beans were fantastic with great sweet and tangy flavor. My only disappointment was the Mac & Cheese. Of course it could be a case of an off night for the cooks, but there wasn't nearly enough cheese mixed in to call it by name. it was more like just a bland creamy Macaroni. I will give them another shot of course because I can't make my final decision without trying the Ribs.
<review# 177,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2014,6/3/2014,3,6,,4,3>Great BBQ! Brisket and pulled pork are awesome. Has 3 different house sauces to top if you like sauce, but meat is so moist that it doesn't need it. Real country style side like Mac & Cheese, potato salad, greens and of course BBQ beans. Don't forget to save room for some banana pudding. Wash it all down with a sweet tea.  Support this small, locally owned business as his BBQ tops any chain restaurant's Q by far!
<review# 178,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2014,6/2/2014,53,302,,5,3>I can't even tell you how many times I have driven past this place without giving it a second glance. Then I started hearing about how great it was. Then I saw the reviews. I finally got to stop in this afternoon.I was out shopping with my mom, who had also heard really great things about Shrimp Shack Seafood Kitchen, when we decided to grab lunch here. We stared at the menu (which is quite big) for a while before deciding to split the special. It was a large fried shrimp plate with hush puppies and 2 sides (we went with fries and coleslaw) for $10.99 (total came to around $16 since we both got drinks).The food came out fast (just a minute or so after we'd gotten our drinks) and we decided to sit outside. My mom asked about cocktail sauce and I liked that they handed us a bottle that had clearly been kept in a fridge. The young woman also gave us 2 plates without asking (we mentioned we were going to share). The inside of this place is pretty small but they have a good bit of outside seating.The shrimp didn't have a super thick breading (huge plus for me) and the large meal was a lot (about 25 shrimp). There weren't a lot of fries but then again, this was meant for 1 person. I don't eat hush puppies but I did try theirs and it tasted really fresh. The fries were okay, nothing special, same with the coleslaw. Obviously, you come to a place called "Shrimp Shack Seafood Kitchen" for the seafood and that part did not disappoint. The staff was also super friendly and patient with us when we were trying to decide what to order.I can't believe I never ate here when I worked down Blanding. I will be back (and I want to try that bam bam shrimp or the po' boy next time)!
<review# 179,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2013,6/1/2014,47,236,,4,5>If you were to ask the question "Where do the locals go", this would be at the top of the list. Not only does it scream "locals only", but it serves crab cakes and a few other items, not just Hawaiian Shaved Ice.My usual.....Mango, Blueberry and GuavaMy kids usual....Cake BatterMy youngest choice...Coconut, Pineapple and creamBut try your own combinations and test the flavors, there are dozens of really good combinations.  Plus, if you order a large, ask for a frequent rewards card that gets you free stuff after so many purchases.
<review# 180,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2014,5/31/2014,1,4,,7,2>Brand new restaurant just opened in the strip mall behind mcdonalds on Baymeadows before you get to Phillips hwy from 95. They make Persian food most notably the kabob. I ordered the dinner combo Joojeh (chicken) and Koobideh (beef) Kabobs that came de-skewered with a side of Basmati rice and grilled Tomatoes. Absolutely delicious food! The owner is super pleasant and very gracious you came by. I didnt know it at the time but I just made it by 5 mins before they were going to close and they served me and I didn't feel rushed to finish which is always nice. Since everything is new this place was extremely clean and food came out quickly. Looking forward to going back.
<review# 181,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2014,5/30/2014,64,165,1,8,5>This food truck rocks. Had it for the first time when they were running the special for downloading the Lyft app and get $10 in credit for food. Wish I had tried this earlier. The pork quesadilla was so good, and so was the mac n cheese balls. First time I've had the latter. Looking forward to exploring more of their menu. Also I think there are rumors that they might open a brick and mortar store in downtown Jax. I hope it's true. Great food; don't pass this truck up!
<review# 182,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2014,5/29/2014,0,38,3,4,3>We had heard a lot about this place so we decided to give it a try tonight. My husband and I both ordered beers and we shared the Spicy Caribbean Chicken pizza. The beers came out very cold  :) Our pizza was good and very hot. The crust was probably my favorite part. We may try another pizza next time because my husband just thought it was okay, not amazing. We'll probably eat there again.
<review# 183,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2014,5/28/2014,12,11,,3,2>Outstanding!! This the 2nd time my boyfriend and I went to the Comedy Club. I got the tickets for donating blood with the Blood Alliance. It was so much fun and a laughter filled evening. I enjoy the fact that they enforce no F bombs. I really don't want to hear a whole show of swearing. And I didn't. Honestly I don't recall hearing one swear word. They topics were as they said soft R. I appreciate that. The MC was awesome. Great start to warm up the evening. Chilaxed comedian with some funny bits. OXICOTTON! LolThe headliner David Scott was fabulous. High energy and versatile with his performance. The man joked, sang, danced. It was a full on show! Outstanding. Had my boyfriend and I laughing over and over again. The staff were attentive and very friendly. Overall great night.
<review# 184,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2014,5/27/2014,33,45,2,5,4>I stopped by here because it was next door to the comedy club I went too. I had a group of 15 and we got 4 tables and played tournament style. They had a full bar, TVs at the bar, and plent of space!!! There is plenty of tables so you don't feel cramped and on top of eachother playing. It was a Saturday night and I was shocked how empty it was. We had fun. Perfect for big groups looking for something to do on the weekend.
<review# 185,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2014,5/26/2014,4,43,3,9,4>The Dim Sum Room is located within Watami Fusion buffet. (I posted this same review on the general watami yelp page as well). I had been longing for a good dim sum place in Jax for 2 years. I had been to Silver Star before which was good but had questionable hygiene. I had tried "dim sum Sundays" at Blue Bamboo which was a rip off and very small selection. So when I saw this place I was wary. I am happy to say this place was awesome! They had a huge selection of dim sum (more than 40) and even a section of just vegetable dim sum! Service was good. During the weekends the dim sum is ordered directly off the cart. On weekdays you order off the menu. I went here with my Chinese friends who said it was authentic as well, which is a plus. I will definitely be coming back and would recommend to anyone in the mood for good dim sum!Also I've noticed a few bad reviews on this page from people who have only reviewed this restaurant. Makes me wonder if they are competitors or disgruntled ex employees.
<review# 186,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2013,5/25/2014,41,54,3,8,5>Great lunch from their cash cafe. The soups are great and the dobbokki is excellent! If you can read Korean it's a plus as there are menu items displayed in only Korean too! I'm surprised a fellow Yelper gave this place a one-star rating because they did not carry black rice? And also gave the competitor asian mart a far superior rating solely because of the availability of black rice?? Half of the shelves here are empty because the market is HUGE. The competitor store is 1/16th of the size located near a strip club with barred windows and questionable parking.
<review# 187,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2014,5/24/2014,79,94,4,6,5>View is amazing!! Food was really good and higher end then what I would expect at a fish camp. It was a little pricey, given the casual atmosphere I would have expected a lower price point. Service was a little slow, but then again the laid back atmosphere would suggest a slow pace.I got the mahi mahi with fresh vegetables and black beans and rice. The fish was delicious! It was prepared blackened and had a little kick to it. The filet was also a nice size, big enough to fit the price. The vegetables were grilled zucchini and carrots which hit the spot. I'm always nervous in ordering grilled veggies as a side as usually you get frozen veggies steamed in the microwave. This was not the case, you could tell they were fresh and they had a great seasoning/ taste to it. So happy we found this gem!
<review# 188,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2014,5/23/2014,783,779,4,9,6>These hawaiian roll burger buns as soft as a lady's lips. Seriously, it was like Vegas all over again. Nah, I'm kidding. Maybe. Anyway, I thoroughly enjoyed those buns, but the rest of the burger was pretty good but not as great. I'd eat it again just for the odd nostalgia and the creative combinations stacked between those soft buns, like the chili, fried egg, blue cheese, or that special sauce.  I tried their Good Wife (basically a BLT cheddar cheeseburger with a fried egg) and felt that it could have used a few more of that special sauce or more spices or a few more dashes of flavor. Otherwise, pretty solid burger. I'd kiss, I mean, eat it all over again. Tip: This food truck is only available to munch until 2pm and the wait was about 10-15 minutes.
<review# 189,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2014,5/22/2014,36,44,2,11,6>After almost a year of driving to Gainesville for haircuts and styling, I finally made the jump and decided I needed to find a stylist in the city in which I now reside. After looking though the yelp reviews, I decided to call this place. Surprisingly, they were able to fit me in for a color the same day I called. When I arrived, Ashley greeted me and let me know she would be doing my color. She asked me what I was looking for and did a great consult in figuring out what I was looking for and what would look best with my skin tone.Fast forward two hours and one coke zero later, and I had a fresh new look with exactly the color I was looking for. I am extremely happy with my color-it turned out great!  Their prices are very reasonable compared to other salons. The staff was very friendly and all of my concerns about having my hair done at a new salon were alleviated. I would definitely recommend this hair salon to anyone who is looking for quality hair care. I am sure all of the stylists are great, I highly recommend Ashley and am so excited to have found such a great salon! If you are looking for a salon in Jax, definitely give this place a try!
<review# 190,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2014,5/21/2014,95,152,3,7,5>Pretty awesome "Gatorade" drankz and pizza!!!We stepped in midday Monday and saw they had a drink special for $3 Gatorades. My friends and I sat at the bar and we're thinking, okay colored drinks that taste awesome. Well, we got 1 out of 2 right, they tasted AWESOME, just colorless - they use flavored vodka (peach, grape, cherry, lemon line, etc). It was pretty empty inside (it was Monday) but it didn't matter because we were all having a good time and our bartender was making sure everything tasted good and that we had everything we needed. I had 2 drinks on an empty stomach and was already buzzin, so im glad we ordered a large pan pizza ($12.99, not bad and the pizza is a good size). Made fresh to order and when it came out we all dived in! It was so good and didnt taste like commercial pizza, tasted more authentic with the spices they used.Overall, good prices and good food made a great time with my friends and we were all satisfied with everything. Even the bathrooms were really cool :P
<review# 191,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2014,5/20/2014,1555,1215,16,26,23>I just love the ferry and I think we are quite lucky to still have it.  I hope the community continues to use it and support it so that we can keep it around!  Yes, we have the bridges now for easy and quick access, but it's so much fun to hop on the ferry every now and then.The ferry takes you from Heckscher Drive to Mayport (and the other way around).  The fare is a good bit higher than when my girls were growing up.  It's $6.00 per vehicle (each way) and on the weekends, they charge an extra $1 per passenger (excluding the driver and each child 5 years and younger).  Drive onto the ferry and then hop out of your car and enjoy the wind and the view for the .9 mile voyage to the other side.  If this is not something you have done before, then make a point to do it.  Especially if you have children; they will will love!
<review# 192,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2014,5/19/2014,780,438,5,9,9>World of Nations Celebration is an annual Jacksonville event (usually in May) that started when I was in elementary school. Clearly it's going strong. It gets bigger and bigger every year. I love how it showcases Jacksonville's diversity and gives people the opportunity to understand other ways of life. The cultural celebration is great for trying foods from different countries. There are also a ton of souvenirs, trinkets for sale at each vendor. So, plan on bringing extra cash, lol. If you visit their webpage, you can see the schedule of events lined up. There are usually performances, dances, and fireworks. Mint Magazine usually has coupons for family purchases as well. Also, I think one day pass is $5, and two-day pass is $8.The only downside to the event is the sheer numbers in attendance. It gets overwhelming, especially when you're in Florida heat. Weekday attendance is super-duper recommended. Peace!
<review# 193,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2014,5/18/2014,4,7,4,7,6>The Yelp rating & reviews brought us here for a pre-birthday lunch. As we drove out of Jacksonville, we questioned our choice, and as we drove up, we looked at each other like "well, we're already here so might as well try it".....and hallelujah. The food snobs learned a lesson: Don't judge a restaurant by it's location, surroundings or interior.We ordered the beef brisket lunch plates: His with baked beans & macaroni salad, Hers with fried okra & fried squash. The beef was in tender chunks with charred bits of fat barely hanging on. The squash had to have been coated and fried to order and like everything we ate, was perfectly seasoned. The macaroni salad was unfussy and seemingly walked over from a 1950's church potluck, at a time when simple was just right. We ate outside at a table in the tree shade and a man tended to us with sauces and squeeze-bottle ranch dressing, and as a ranch dressing snob, I poo-poohed that ranch until I accidentally ate a squash with some and holy moly-just good, good, good. A lady brought out samples of banana puddin' mid-meal, toppling every other restaurant for best customer service.And this is odd, but there's a screen door to the entrance that creaks as it's opened and closed, and it kind of brought me to childhood when my grandma would cook a 12-dish meal for lunch. I expected a gray-haired lady to come out at any moment and tell me I look like I've gained weight and to get busy picking those string beans. Oh, grandma!
<review# 194,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2014,5/17/2014,179,106,5,10,8>I was really glad to find a sweet, little European spot in the area. Run by a darling family, the have an extensive wine selection and menu! I came in on a beautiful Saturday morning with two girlfriends. We sat outside, ordered iced coffees along with our food, and enjoyed the sun until our food came out. The bread on my panini was a perfectly pressed ciabatta, it was nicely toasted and not pressed to death. After our meals we enjoy a bottle of champagne that one of the employees put on ice for us while we ate. How sweet!If you're in the area and looking for a quiet cafe, and you want to support family business, then stop in and you'll be glad you did.
<review# 195,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2013,5/16/2014,78,9,,5,5>The only thing 'negative' I think that I could say about this place was the parking. Otherwise, it was fantastic. I just relocated back down here from Brooklyn and I needed to find a new solid artist. I ended up here, and working with Jarrod Ray. He was phenomenal, thoughtful, and respectful. His prices are beyond reasonable for his quality of work. I will definitely be working with him again in the very near future.
<review# 196,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2013,5/15/2014,11,34,,4,3>Wonderful service and Wonderful food. Enchiladas were perfect. The sauce was delicious. The side of cheese dip I ordered was huge for the price and they had Horchata that was excellent! I cannot wait to go back to this eatery. EAT HERE! EAT HERE! Delicious REAL Mexican food.
<review# 197,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2013,5/14/2014,181,120,4,10,8>I stumbled out of my "Artisan Cheese Making Class" on a cheese and wine HIGH worthy of a Dionysian feast! In December I purchased a Groupon for unlimited classes with Green Lotus Studios in Riverside. My favorite of the two classes was the Artisan Cheese Making 101 Class. We feasted on the most amazing seasoned Greek Yogurt, freshly baked bread, honey garlic butter, and other delish cheeses! I was deeply inspired to make my butter and mozzarella cheese when I arrived home. I was literally buzzing with the amount of high brow food I engorged on. Unfortunately, I am only giving Green Lotus Studios 4 stars for the Gatling Gun speed the instructor paced the class. Her instructions for the cheese, butter, and yogurt were so rapid-fire I struggled to keep up and to make matters more confusing her instructions didn't necessarily line up with the informational booklet. I understand demonstrating a NEW way of cooking but there was no time to write notes before she was zipping on to the next step or fact. I was so awash with endorphins from the food I didn't so much care at the time but I would have liked to have written more detailed notes. The other class I attended was Healing with Local Honey: All things Bees. The usual instructor wasn't present for our class and we had a last minute substitute. Because I am interested in Bee Keeping and Honey I thought this class would be fascinating. Instead it was clunky with missing ingredients (beeswax) for the burn salve.  The inexperience also showed with mishap with the order of ingredients to get the burn salve to emulsify. Negativities aside, Green Lotus Studios has had months now to get the kinks out and I whole HEARTILY agree with their passion for homesteading techniques and becoming self -sustaining!  I have several friends who have become soap making FANATICS thanks to Green Lotus Studios and another friend loved them so much she bought an *annual pass!* Green Lotus Studios is the perfect place if you want to become more educated in the Pioneer arts and herbalism, impress your friends with your home made Ricotta cheese, or plan unique and memorable dates!
<review# 198,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2013,5/13/2014,203,100,1,9,8>We've been members for the last 17 years and the club keeps getting better and better. When we first joined our children were little and we wanted a family friendly club that was not pretentious, well we got the in the Cabana Club!Initially it was owned by Arvida and the members, but over the years Arvida sold to the Marriott as it's now the Marriott's beach for their guests. However, the membership has been maintained and they even have a wait list. With all the changes over the years the Club has maintained that family atmosphere. It gets busy during key holidays, but otherwise we "Locals" rule. Today I was inspired to write this review as I'm sitting on the beach enjoying this glorious Florida weather and feeling thankful for my beautiful surroundings.
<review# 199,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2014,5/12/2014,278,182,,9,7>This park is really, really nice. Passed along Hogan Rd. a bunch of times & never noticed it. The park is situated behind a firehouse. It is located right off a dead end road.It's a lovely park. I do like the umbrellas that cover certain parts of the play area. It definitely helps. It started raining while we were there, so we sat at the sitting/picnic area. It's nice b/c its covered and also has restrooms. Restrooms are always a positive when you have two kids with you. I don't know how old this park is but the all equipment seems pretty new and more modern. Like I have never seen a faux climbing mountain obstacle at a park before.  My boys liked the slide b/c it was a taller, so they got to slide faster. Honestly there isn't more I could say. The pictures speak for themselves. But it is very clean and not near the main roads, so you feel safe. Behind the park is a big soccer field. This park has def. moved into the "Top 5" of recreational parks.
<review# 200,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2014,5/11/2014,51,56,1,8,5>My husband just got a wonderful cut tonight. Looks real good and smells great. We just moved to town and am really happy he found a great barber right away. Shop is real clean, easy to find and prices were great. Decor is old school, very classy place. Will recommend to friends and family.
<review# 201,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2013,5/10/2014,3,10,3,6,5>I love the guy owner of this place! He's always so nice and sweet and very attentive, plus he gives discounts sometimes for his regulars. Located conveniently around the corner from me. He does a great job on my feet and nails and is very gentle! His wife though depends on what mood she's in but all in all they keep it very professional and don't talk amongst one another so you don't end up feeling too uncomfortable. All in all I love this place! Haven't tried any other nail salons but I'm pretty sure I'll always end up here.
<review# 202,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2014,5/9/2014,11,26,,6,3>Second time here  hope this place makes it, hate to see it with only a couple of tables, come on guys this place is full of charm great food best Cal zone ever! literally they use a pastry type dough to die for, the  Margaretha pizza our friends share was deli sh  and the deserts freshly made truly authentic food and humble service.  The owner chef goes above an beyond to make sure you really enjoyed you time there. Totally different than our experience with  Manny's Bistro down the road the bi-polars as I call them...
<review# 203,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2014,5/8/2014,68,491,,8,4>I visited with my friend who is Filipino and the 6 of us (4 adults, 2 kids) all enjoyed our food. I had never eaten this style of cuisine before but all the plates were extraordinarily large and tasty.( All servings are home-style and meant for 2 or more people, think Bucca). The main host is a friendly, boisterous gentleman who runs the karaoke area in between visiting tables. The structure itself is cavernous and the decor somewhat cheesy but with the bar and karaoke stage this atmosphere seems to fit.Keep in mind that if you are eating on a night they have a cover charge they will make you pay up or leave if you remain past a set time.
<review# 204,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2014,5/7/2014,62,242,6,8,7>Thanks to all you yeeple for the tip off in my hunt for boba!This place was pricey compared to boba in other cities I've lived ($5.51 for a large milk tea with boba), but the only one I've found in town that holds a candle to their deliciousness.Located in the mostly abandoned Regency Square Mall's food court, Boba Blends offers all sorts of boba teas. I had a cappuccino milk tea with boba, and really had to fight myself to drink it slowly! It was THAT good.I even debated with myself heavily whether to buy a second one of a different type/flavor before departing the food court. The thrifty, non-gluttonous side of me won... but you can bet your bottom I'll be back again... and again... and again.Don't close.Please.
<review# 205,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2012,5/6/2014,0,31,3,6,5>OK...I admit it....I'm from Philly.  But I've lived here in North Florida for 15 years.  I ate a lot of cheese steaks growing up.  A lot.  I gotta tell ya, Philly's Finest is one of the best.  It's the real deal.  One bite and a flood of memories of the Flyers, Eagles, Mummers, Phillies, gang fights, shootings...it all comes back.  Lots of places call some sandwich type object on their menu a "Philly Cheese steak"  but it has nothing to do with a cheese steak.  This place is different.  It really is a taste of Philadelphia.       Sure there are lots other things on the menu, but why bother?   Just order a Cheese Steak (or chicken cheese steak), some waffle fries and talk about how "da fly-ahs ah definitely gun-ah win da Stanley Cup dis yee-ah....dehhh--finitely".At it's core, this place is a sports bar that makes you feel like you're on South Street Philadelphia.  It's very clean.  There's a frosty strip that runs along the length of bar to keep your beverage cold.  There's also tables.  The Big Screen TV's are always showing Philadelphia sports.
<review# 206,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2014,5/5/2014,170,138,3,9,6>Came in on a Saturday on a whim. Boyfriend said I was off the hook from cooking! Yes! So, we decided on wings and wanted some good wings. We figured an authentic wing place would be best for flavor and value. I came in knowing we were just getting an order of 50 wings different flavors: 20 lemon pepper, 10 Cajun ranch, 15 no heat and 5 margarita ranch. I didn't know how well I would like the margarita ranch (a jalapeno lime hot sauce, ranch dressing, Cajun seasoning and lime pepper blend) and she brought out a sample with a celery stick. Boy, was that good. And how sweet of her to bring out the sample for tasting. :) I ordered a Sweetwater 420 pale ale to help me wait the 15 minutes and was pleased with the hoppy flavor. The decor is very sporty and has a few racecar hoods on the walls, a few flat screen tv's. They have a small arcade with a pool table to help keep patrons occupied, kids from bugging parents (aside from asking for quarters) and people can mingle and kick butt on some games. The staff was very friendly. I was greeted and told to sit where I would like and was even directed to sit at any table even though it was a to-go order.The plain no heat wings were perfect for the children. Cooked to a crispy perfection. My son complained they were a little bit small, but he ate well. The boyfriend loved his lemon pepper wings and was very pleased with their flavor.I preferred the margarita ranch over the Cajun ranch, but everything was cooked perfectly and delicious. I waited a little bit because I had such a large order, but I was out of there within 30 minutes. Cheryl was very friendly and sweet and I appreciated her service.
<review# 207,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2014,5/4/2014,11,15,1,5,4>My go-to place back home in Jax. Excellent service and atmosphere, although I hear they renovated. They pick awesome live acts and it's right by the beach hustle and bustle. I love the Rue Morgue with it's gooey queso, rich drunken chili, and runny egg on a perfectly grilled, unadulterated burger patty. It's bunless but lo and behold the pile of fries this all sits atop. This meal will warm you right up with a nice beer, which they have plenty to choose from. I've tried other burgers but tried and true is the rue morgue. I do however think the applewood smoked bacon and cheddar with bbq sauce (The Hop Frog) is a close second. Oh, and I'm not a huge fan of blue cheese, usually opt for ranch in all situations, but their Blue Cheese Cole Slaw is delicious! It is rich but the blue cheese flavor is not overpowering.
<review# 208,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2014,5/3/2014,1,3,1,5,3>The St. John's river is an absolute sight to see if you manage to go in a sunny day. It's beautiful to take your children there, dates, family events, and if you just like some one on one relaxing time. You'll see a variety of different activities from children playing on the playground, people walking the trails with their animals, and people getting their sailboats, jet skis, and boats on and off the deck. There's a lot of trees to help with shade so it's not to hot during those summer days. I went sailing along the St. John's river during the afternoon and it was wonderful with perfect wind speed and everything
<review# 209,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2014,5/2/2014,239,155,6,13,9>Having been to both the old arena and new one I'd have to say this is a huge improvement. The seating in the arena is pretty comfortable with enough leg room between rows for most people to sit comfortably without bumping the seats in front of them. I've been to a high school graduation and a concert in the arena and was impressed with how well the staff handled both events. The bathrooms are kept clean and well stocked for the most part.  There are various  concession areas throughout the arena each serving delicious food and tasty beverages.  I look forward to going back to the arena soon.
<review# 210,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2014,5/1/2014,112,77,4,13,8>What a great little find thanks to yelp !! Had lunch at the flying iguana today and thought I'd check on yelp for somewhere new to try for dessert and found this little gem . With only two reviews I was a little leery but they nailed it this place gets 5 stars from me as well . The owner was as sweet as could be which made the place even better . I got a slice of several pies to take home and try (which I'll be honest I was in them before we back out of the parking lot) The berry was delicious with good flavors of blackberry and blueberry. The coconut was nice and creamy also delicious. The lemon was good as well , it was different from the typical lemon meringue that I'm use to I believe it was a French lemon pie but I could be wrong on the name . Last but certainly not least the Bourbon pecan this was my fav , the pie had a excellent balance of flavors none over powered the other . She also does savory pies as well but I had just eat lunch so I didn't try one . There are a few tables inside so you can sit and enjoy your tasty pie right there . It be a great little spot for girls day lunch or tea . She also sales whole pies so you can get one or five for a dinner party . I'll be back .... Soon !!
<review# 211,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2014,4/30/2014,3,18,2,7,6>My wife and I have been coming here since we moved to Atlantic Beach over a year ago.  This is our very favorite spot to come get a quick bite to eat and enjoy beach breeze.  The barbecue on a stick is incredible - I recommend the pork.  Ask her to put some hot sauce on while she cooks it - great!  Also, the lumpia are MUST!  Little pork spring rolls with a sweet and tangy sauce.  We always top it off with the banana lumpia for dessert.  Highly recommend.  If you become a regular, she will toss you free food all the time.
<review# 212,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2014,4/29/2014,38,43,2,7,5>Great fresh local seafood. Order from the chalkboard on the wall. I recommend the Goofy Foot where you can try two different entrees - comes with two sides too. Sides aren't anything to write home about though. Their blackened seasoning is great - they even sell it in a pouch for $2 - it's a little spicy but perfect to wash down with a $3 beer! Beer specials every night. Favorites so far are the grouper and sheepshead.
<review# 213,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2014,4/28/2014,40,19,3,12,7>So this lil neighborhood joint was recommended to me by a fellow Yelper ( of the expert variety). I needed my bike tuned and filled with air SO LAST MINUTE. I'm talkin the Friday night before the Riverside Ride. They were super slammed but still so welcoming and helpful. I dropped it off early afternoon and they said they'd have it ready in about an hour. Well when I showed up 30 minutes before they were about to close they still hadn't gotten to it (did I mention they were slammed?!) they were true to their word though, they stopped what they were working on and got to my bike and took great care of me and were so incredibly nice. I definitely recommend these guys and will be coming back to them with all my bike needs.OH! I forgot to mention how I came in with some concerns about possibly needing different handle bars and what not and their first words were "well before you go spending a bunch of money on stuff, let's see what we can do to adjust things first and save you some." SO HONEST!!! So nice:)See that? See what just happened? I just found my new bike guys. True story.
<review# 214,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2013,4/27/2014,40,82,,8,4>Some of the best sushi in town. Not the same owners as the akaya previously out near racetrack rd, but just as amazing. Very posh and pretty decor. Staff is lovely ,polite and more than accommodating, as well as courteous and knowledgable of the products! They do accommodate larger parties and have a room that can be booked. Love the owners and staff!!
<review# 215,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2014,4/26/2014,28,80,,4,4>Great food and a fantastic layered poppyseed cake stacked with thick chocolate buttercream that was rich and silky smooth with real whipped cream on top.  We had the Balkan mixed plate and the Cevapci plate with grilled fresh mushrooms on the side. They also have a wonderful cheese spread and a mild and creamy red pepper spread on the side.  They do have a real flame grill for the meats. You can also get a grilled vegetable plate or grilled chicken Alfredo.  Service was welcoming and cheerful.  Judgeing by the takeout side they must also have the best fruit smoothies and grilled cheese in town.
<review# 216,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2013,4/25/2014,11,6,2,6,4>Amazing barbecue, fabulous service and the corn fritters are delicious. One of the best things about this barbecue restaurant is their wide range of sauces. My personal favorites are Georgia, Kentucky and South Carolina, but I would suggest you sample them all. Another thing that I enjoy about Barb and Wally's is that they have a cafe table out front, so that you can dine with your pet. They always provide a bowl of water for my girls and Wally brings them a special treat. Being canine friendly is definitely a plus!
<review# 217,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2014,4/24/2014,43,131,,5,3>I was prepared not to be impressed.  Having dined at Fogo de Chao and Texas de Brazil I held out little  hope a Jacksonville restaurant would hit the mark.  Well they did not miss by much. The space is well laid out with a water front view, full bar and a seperate room for large parties at no extra cost.  Tuesday was a slow night with the party room full, 5 tables and our party of 12.  We were greeted by the hostess and the owner and promptly seated.  As we waited for some stragglers, our drink orders were taken, and delivered as well as plates of cheese bread.  Once the group had assembled,  Fernando (hunk alert) described the process to guests who had never dined in this style.  Off to the salad and sides bar.  This offers about 25 items, not as impressive as Fogo but no one was disappointed.  Once we flipped our cards there was a slow start waiting for the star of the show Proteins. But once it started it was non stop.  Service was stellar, and what ever we requested was presented. Management checked in on us several times during the meal.  After it seemed impossible to eat another morsel, several ordered dessert.  Would I return?  For sure and the group agreed.  Well worth the price, for a great dining experience.
<review# 218,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2014,4/23/2014,171,323,2,6,4>I was checking my Wells Fargo balance today & saw that I had $4.44 in there, but I was hungry.  So I jumped in my car and headed to Famous Sandwiches on Cassat.  Every time I come here, the service is so friendly.  Even the lady behind me in line commented on how pleasant it is to come here.  I concur.This place gets pretty busy during weekday lunch time and I believe they are open until 6pm.  That being said, I went mid afternoon and there was no wait. Foodwise, I always order their Giant burger deal for $2.99 and it comes out to $3.20 after tax.  With that meal, you get a refillable drink and a small fries with their magic salt.  What a bargain, right?  After digging in my purse for some change, I added an order of onion rings for $2.35.  This time I ordered it to go so I could use my sauces I had at home.  This place gets 5 STARS because they're cheap, service is on point and the food is consistently good.  I heard their breakfast is tasty too, but that will be another time and another review.  Definitely recommend! :)
<review# 219,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2014,4/22/2014,14,2,,5,3>Love the place! Good ole fashioned Mongolian BBQ. I've never eaten from the buffet mainly because I come for the Mongolian BBQ. For the price you can't beat it! Make your own dish, sauce it up, they'll cook it. If it's not good then it's your own fault LOL It's not all fancy but it fits the area. I've been coming here 17 years. I've NEVER been disappointed. I've been to other Mongolian places and they have many restrictions. NOT HERE! Put it in a bowl and bam! Do it again and again and again.....For about $15 you'll  be stuffed and happy! And that includes the drink! Also good for vegetarians also! Very simple and most restaurants have forgotten about simplicity in food.
<review# 220,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2014,4/21/2014,5,3,,6,4>The chef is an artist, and the sushi was as good as it looks. The best sushi I've had in Jacksonville. Try the highway 17 roll, along with all your favorites, you won't be disappointed. The service was great and prompt. The soup was piping hot.  There was nothing bad to say about the entire experience. Can't wait to come back.
<review# 221,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2014,4/20/2014,241,1176,1,8,6>Five points about Five Points. FIVE - Parking can be a real bear. Or lion or tiger. Oh My! Sometimes you'll get lucky and find a spot right in front of where you're wanting to be a patron. Other times not so much, so you'll circle the blocks endlessly hoping something will open up until eventually you give up and decide to walk from several blocks away (or worse, throw in the towel).FOUR - Full variety of people. Young and old. Rich and not-so-rich. Drivers and bikers. Meanderers and marathon trainers. Short and tall. Thin and not-so-thin. People from all walks of life; you get the idea.THREE - Shops, restaurants, bars and other establishments to suit every mood you could possibly have on any given day. Crispy pork belly from Hawkers. Salt & vinegar chips from Black Sheep. A slice from Al's Pizza (or Sun Ray Cinema). A cup of tea from Cozy Tea. A dress for you and a bow tie for your pup.TWO - The heartbeat of Riverside. Riverside is one of the coolest neighborhoods in Jax (I even made a list about it: yelp.com/list/riverside- ) and Five Points definitely helped it earn that rank. ONE - Absolutely positively not to be missed. Must see in Jacksonville.
<review# 222,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2014,4/19/2014,90,110,3,9,4>Indoor rock climbing?!? Why not?!? Monday night is ladies night, you get in and a harness for $10... Not bad at all! I did not rent shoes but I think I will next time, they are supposed to be more snug to your feet to help you grip the smaller footholds. The gym itself smells like wet dog/sweaty sneakers and the mats seen like they are falling apart but the rock walls and harnesses worked well. There wasn't really any instruction other than a quick tutorial video they make you watch but it was enough to get you climbing. A bit more direction would have been nice. Overall a very unique and fun experience, I would definitely visit again!
<review# 223,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2013,4/18/2014,23,11,,6,2>Immediately you recognize this place from a moment of your childhood. Affordable tasty Classic Italian-American of yesteryear. Garlic triangles are puffy bundles of buttery garlicky loving goodness. Poppy's special with Lasagna, Ziti and Chicken Parm on a huge plate with a  full bodied tomatoey marinara. Fresh baked Cannelloni just the right amount of richness. Caesar Salad crispy fresh and all toppings scratch made . Tonite they even had live music from a gently strumming guitar. Perfect!
<review# 224,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2014,4/17/2014,48,112,2,7,3>I told you guy's I would become a regular at this location! The reason for only 4 stars is because I have only used takeout at this location. I haven't actually been served and dined in. With that being said, the food has always been consistent. The amount of food I get for the hibachi lunch is spectacular for only $8. I did splurge the other day and got my beloved Lion King Roll and it was worth every penny. Tip: if you're getting food for pickup, just go on ahead and call your order in. It's much quicker. Enjoy!
<review# 225,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2014,4/16/2014,62,63,,9,3>So we were going to Kazu for Sushi when my daughter asked about Lumpia. That's all it took before I began my search on Yelp. After reviewing Manilla Thai and seeing the photos, I was Orange Park bound. When we arrived, we were greeted and told to find a seat. The restaurant is pretty small, but very clean. Since Lumpia was what we were after, that was the first thing we ordered. Greed got the best of us and we ordered a total of 6. They came out piping hot with a delicious dipping sauce. Totally demolished by us both rather quickly. Afterwards, we ordered our entrees. My daughter ordered the pineapple fried rice with pork and shrimp. She said it was really good. I didn't try it, but it did look good. My entree was the Pad Prik Prow with a meat combination consisting of shrimp, beef and chicken. I asked for Thai medium, but could have gone a little spicier. The basil chili based sauce was so good. The dish was loaded with green peppers, red peppers, onions, and carrots. They didn't skimp on the meat either. I was extremely pleased with my choice. Since we did fill up on the Lumpia, we both had to box most of our entrees to bring home. Woohoo leftovers!!!I will most definitely make the trip from Mandarin to O/P to eat here again. TYP!!!!!
<review# 226,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2014,4/15/2014,53,125,4,6,5>I absolutely love this place! The Ice cream here is always super creamy and rich. The flavors are spot on and very delicious. There is usually a nice selection of flavors to choose from as well. They will mix in any of the large variety of toppings they offer into your ice cream for free, although I usually only mix in toppings when I get vanilla. My favorite flavor here is the blue cotton candy, the flavor is so accurate and just makes me smile every time I take a bite. The banana is a very close second. Once in a while they will add in some new flavors but they are very nice about you trying out any of the flavors before you make your choice. It's always hard to restrain my self from coming here every time I am in the area which is a lot! I treat my self every once in a while though.
<review# 227,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2014,4/14/2014,104,117,1,3,4>I am by no means a golfer and will never be good to be even considered for the sport, but TPC Sawgrass is a magnificent facility and has some beautiful views. Beautiful site also for a NE Florida wedding, so I'll review that aspect of TPC sawgrass.Considered one of the top venues and catering for weddings, TPC Sawgrass boasts spectacular views and top service to their clients. The venue was voted top by brides in the local jax bridal magazine. From the beginning of our inquiry to the sales catering team till after the wedding, TPC has gives us the best service and wedding experience.Our wedding was October 2013, prime month for weddings in FL. Throughout the process, Chris Hoffman & Molly Mieras along with the sales catering team was helpful and accommodating by all means. I wouldn't exchange our wedding venue for anything! Yes it is on the pricier side of venues but there's much more value and service you receive! As booked for the venue, you get top notch catering, sales catering team, wedding cake from Classic Cakes, social membership for one year (great discounts!), and beautiful views.Overall I am pleased with TPC sawgrass and their magnificent staff members. I can't express how much I love this place!!
<review# 228,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2014,4/13/2014,24,30,1,7,5>Our 3 pups are our babies, so we always want to be sure they are in good hands! We have used Coastal both for the vet and the boarding and have been thrilled with both! The vet we meet with is very personable and kind, listens to any concerns you have, and I was particularly impressed that though he made suggestions, he didn't try to sell us products we don't need (had bad experiences with this at other places). You get the feeling that they genuinely want what's best for your animal, not like they just want to sell you a bunch of stuff. For boarding, we left our German Shepherd mix with them for 3 days, and while he was there got him updated on shots and check up. As soon as they were done with the check up and shots they called my cell to let me know everything looked good and he was doing fine with the shots. I thought that was really nice, I do tend to worry a little leaving our pups, so it was nice that they took the initiative to give us an update on him! Wonderful experience!
<review# 229,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2014,4/12/2014,116,119,6,10,12>This is one of my favorite restaurants. I don't see how you can go wrong with this place. It's a lil pricey to come here for dinner every week, but I certainly would come here every week for Aloha happy hour :)For Aloha happy hour, I always get the Waygu Beef Sliders. It comes with a side of garlic sweet potato fries. Some of the other items on the menu are yummy, but they seem too small for the price -- although that's probably just me being frugal and expecting an American-size portion!!! I do like their drink specials. I like the Original Roy's Hawaiian Martini. This is the one of the very few martinis that I'll drink. I love their mojitos and other "girly" drinks ;) All of my dinner selections from their regular menu has been deliciously consistent every time I order them. My favorites are:- Braised Beef Short Ribs- Roy's Trio- Ahi Tuna- Butterfish- CobiaTheir wine menu is extensive and the wait staff are very knowledgeable with their wine pairing.Oh and their dessert!!!! Eeeeekkk! I feel like Roy's started the molten lava chocolate cake. That's their signature dish. Service is excellent! The restaurant layout is nice. I like the cooking bar. That's my favorite place to sit. The private dining rooms are nice for small or big events. The event coordinator is pretty cool too.P.S. I have more photos, but I can't find them. Boooooo :( I'll update if I do :)
<review# 230,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2013,4/11/2014,7,42,1,7,5>I can't believe I've never reviewed Rosy's! We love it! While I was pregnant we visited a lot! When I forgot to order dairy free they always remembered for me! :) My daughter loves the rice. Always friendly service. Very family oriented. We have brought friends and family here often and they are always impressed with the fast and friendly service and the amazing food.
<review# 231,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2014,4/10/2014,20,140,2,11,5>This was a great choice for an anniversary dinner with my wife! Very romantic atmosphere, seated by Turkish traditionally dressed hostess! Staff was very friendly and professional. Nice live piano music. Wife had Ravioli Rosa which was outstanding and the sauce was rich and flavorful. I had Pasha's Plate with my choices being Adana amd Gyro,..both grilled perfectly and deep in flavor! The rice was unique and light, and the side salad, was very lightly dressed with pickled red cabbage. The menu was broad with many choices I have to go back to try others...all categorized and 4 pages. Something for everyone! With dinner, appetizer, and one glass of wine, we brought leftovers for under $50! We have a new restaraunt and will be back!
<review# 232,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2013,4/9/2014,115,88,4,9,4>I've eaten at every location in Jacksonville so this will be a review covering them all.European Street Cafe. What a concept. When you first walk in, you're greeted by a large glass window full of cakes, cookies, and all kinds of goodies. Once you break the cake trance, you'll notice the bizarre wallpaper and hundreds of hanging baskets. Odd. Continuing through is a welcome site. BEER. Every location does an awesome job of keeping 16+ local, domestic, and import beers. Don't come here looking for bud light (they do have mic ultra or miller lite usually).After you've marveled at the beer selection, you can finally direct your attention to the menu. I've tried everything from the blue max, the bad hombre pita, the kibbeh pita, to the monster German weiner. It's all good. And more importantly, it's fast.I typically sit at the bar, if there's a spot, or the bar tenders section. I find they have the most knowledge about the beers on tap and a food pairing for it. Super friendly lot too.4/5 love this place. Love the happy hour even more. From 2-7 daily the drafts are 2 for 1, and they usually let you mix and match. Keep it up E-street!
<review# 233,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2014,4/8/2014,307,776,3,7,4>This was fun with great weather. The sun was out and something about this whole natural thing really brings the weird out in folks. From a 65 year old lady with royal blue hair to some outfit for the misfits. There were a bunch of different food choices to. On the fly, super food, gourmet aviator, to name a few. One truck laid out for a better location. No name but it has happy in their name. I did hear a lot of folks asking where they were at. This was a great time to just relax in the sun and listen to some sweet sounds of gentle music. No head banging here and no complaints from across the river.
<review# 234,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2013,4/7/2014,55,143,,5,4>When ModiSH opened I couldn't wait to try it because it was convenient to my location and it looked fresh and modern.I've had several mani/pedis here and have been satisfied each time. It is a very clean establishment in general. You have the usual choices of a basic mani or pedi and more deluxe versions and of course they do try to upsell you on the more deluxe. One of the nicer things about their pedicure is that the basic pedicure includes hot stone and paraffin wax. Honestly the basic is just fine unless you feel like treating yourself. They have water, wine and slushies but they don't always offer them. Not sure what the criteria is?? They take credit cards but request cash for tips.
<review# 235,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2014,4/6/2014,307,131,2,11,8>The place looks a little run down, but don't judge this restaurant by its cover.  The food tastes wonderful.We didn't wait long to get our food.  The kids enjoyed the pepperoni pizza, lasagna, and pepperoni calzone. My girlfriend had the steak wrap and I had the steak and grilled onions calzone. The calzone was baked/cooked really nice.  The steak's flavor was marvelous.  We also ordered 20-pc hot wings.  Loved the sauce!  It would have been perfect if the wings were cooked a little longer.  I like them kinda crispy, but we still devoured them.  Their crispy crust personal pizza is only $5.99 for a 10" and their kids lasagna is big enough to feed an adult. I used a $25 certificate that  I received free from restaurant.com via Coke rewards.  Vino's Pizza and Grill certificates are currently available for purchase at restaurant.com.  You can buy a $25 certificate for $10.   At Groupon, for a limited time, pay $11 for $20 worth of casual Italian fare.  Try it!
<review# 236,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2014,4/5/2014,76,161,4,9,7>Just typing "symphony" makes me feel all cultured and sophisticated. In my perpetual effort to see and do everything in Jax as a recent transplant, I can now add JSO to my list of experiences. At the urging/mandate of a fellow Jaxonian (Is that a word? It is now!), we attended a performance with guest pianist Joanna Yang. Having concerns about trusting the on-line seating map, I called the Box Office and the super friendly staff helped me select the best seats that were available. This venue has "boxes" that are not really boxes along the walls that offer a great view of the performers and you can listen to the performance without worrying about where speakers are located. I thought it was so cool to watch the performers that close--maybe a little creepy for them though. I found it amusing I could see when the horn players emptied out the spit collection devices.There are lots of parking options and closest food is the Omni hotel. Walk a little further and you also have the Landing. Adult drinks inside the venue are a little pricey and they do sell roasted nuts which smell SO delicious. With the right company (and preferably not having to go to school/work the next day), a evening at the JSO is great way to experience the diversity of activities available in my new home.
<review# 237,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2014,4/4/2014,48,79,,7,4>For roughly a year I have been on a quest of sorts to find good BBQ in Jax. I have found good BBQ.  Monroe's is now my favorite BBQ joint in Jax dethroning Mojos and Smokin d's. I had the wings and ribs lunch roughly $14. It did not disappoint. Ribs weren't lacking flavor, the spicy wings were moist and and had a complex spicy flavor profile. The Mac n cheese as good ad it gets, corn soufflé was...different it is like a wet cornbread but I appreciated it.  Service was good, nice and smooth.  I am not opposed to eating here again, in fact I look forward to it. Im not saying it is the best bbq I've ever had but it holds it own. if i had to nitpick the ribs could have been a little more tender. If you like BBQ try Monroe's
<review# 238,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2013,4/3/2014,3,4,,7,3>Really great local sandwich shop. Staff is very friendly and fun. Seating is limited to bar stools around the cooking area. All the food is prepared right in front of you and the staff engages in conversation and friendly banter while working on your order.The cheese steak is my favorite. It is delicious. One of the best I have ever tasted. The Rye is a big favorite as well. You will want to get there early for lunch or call ahead for a pick up order as the seating fills up fast.Update: I ventured out of my safe spot with the cheesesteak and can additionally confirm that the Italian is delicious as well. I love that they cut everything fresh right when they make each sandwich and talk ask not just about other toppings but also about the quantity of each.
<review# 239,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2014,4/2/2014,247,302,4,11,7>Lemon Bar is my favorite place at the beach to grab a drink outside on a nice day. The only problem is that it is everyone else's favorite place as well and gets swamped when the weather is nice.Lemon Bar is an outdoor bar right on the water in Atlantic Beach. It's adjacent to the Seahorse inn but I've never understood if there's any affiliation. If you are having any trouble finding it, just follow the steady stream of bicycles coming down 1st Street like ants to an ant hill.The crowd is mostly 20 somethings wearing varying amounts of clothing. Lot of bathing suits and flip flops. When the weather is nice Lemon Bar is basically standing room only, and the waitstaff struggles to keep up.Drinks are generally pretty cheap. They run specials every day. It's owned by the same people as Ritz and Brix so the pricing is in the same range if you are familiar with those places.The bartenders actually do a really good job of contending with the masses. They are battle hardened veterans after dealing with these crowds, but they are personable and professional and turn out drinks quickly.The food looks alright but I can't say I've eaten here. Everything on the menu is in the $7-8 range. It's mostly fried. Think coconut shrimp baskets or chicken tenders and fries. Parking sucks in AB, so bike if you can.
<review# 240,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2014,4/1/2014,180,254,,7,5>It doesn't look like much on the outside but the inside of this westside spot contains tons of tasty eats -- simple seafood, homemade sides and really delicious key lime pie. (and did I mention all day 2-for-1 beers?) Next time I'm doing the oysters and low country boil.The platters are the way to go -- pick your protein then two sides of your liking. The collard greens and green beans were a hit and the hush puppies were perfectly golden and crisp.The fries are the standard crinkle cut variety and the grits were good. I liked that the dishes are served on actual plates/in bowls with silverware instead of the standard plastic basket and plasticware you'd find in a place like this.The key lime pie was some of the best I've had. The graham cracker crumb crust was delightfully moist but still held together nicely.Thumbs up!
<review# 241,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2014,3/31/2014,131,117,2,14,9>I am slowly but surely making my way through Jacksonville's local favorites. I have to say that Whitey's has became one of my favorites as well.      My wife and I decided to go to Whitey's on a Tuesday evening which happen to be their shrimp boil night. I decided to go with the all you could eat catfish meal.  The fish didn't come filleted but I wouldn't let no little fish bones scare me away. The meal came with two sides. I took the waitress advice by ordering the cheese grits and the coleslaw. I am so glad I took her advice. The grits were probably the best grits I have had in Jacksonville.  They were hot and creamy with just the right about cheddar cheese. I had to ask for another bowl. The waitress brought me a second serving and laughed after my two minute rant. The fish was crunch and flaky in the middle. The wife opted for the all you can eat shrimp boil. Each refill of shrimp came out piping hot along with the option of getting more of e boil items such as corn, potatoes etc .... The whole boil with delicious and seasoned well but who am I kidding we were hooked on the shrimps.      Great spot, glad I got a chance to check them out. Love the outdoor deck, will take advantage of it my next visit.
<review# 242,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2013,3/30/2014,0,10,4,5,4>My husband and I took my parents out to dinner here for my mom's birthday, and it was great!  We sat on the heated outdoor patio, which was perfect - they even provided blankets!  They weren't really necessary, since the heater kept it warm enough, but any restaurant that provides blankets gets my vote.We ordered calamari as a starter, which was great.  We are calamari lovers and can be critical, but this was delicious.  My only complaint is that they throw lemon slices into the batter, and you as the diner are left to bite into it, only to discover that it's a fried lemon slice.  We all ordered salads, which were good - noting noteworthy.   For entrees, I had the papardelle bolognese, my husband had the grouper with bacon and avocado, my dad had the bbq salmon, and my mom had the lasagna.  I can only vouch for my own, which was delicious, but everyone really enjoyed theirs.Since it was my mom's birthday, they brought her a little chocolate lava cake and sang to her, so we didn't order any other dessert.  It was a delicious chocolate cake (another item that we order frequently and can be critical of).All in all, great service, great food, great atmosphere.
<review# 243,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2013,3/29/2014,227,252,1,7,5>What's not to like about a place that has a huge chandelier hanging in the center of it for you to gaze at while getting you mani/pedi? Oh and let's not forget to mention that they also serve beer and wine as well! (they have a pretty decent selection too!)A classic mani/pedi is only $35, so you have no excuse not to go and try out Cosmo Nail Bar...or guys, treat your lady to a day of pampering.
<review# 244,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2014,3/28/2014,51,70,2,8,6>Nero's is an Arlington staple. I've lived here my whole life and have many fond memories here. Tues & Thurs the 2 for 1 large pizza is a steal of a deal. These pies are extra largo and extra delicious. You definitely want to call in your order ahead of time and be prepared to wait 45 min to an hour, because this deal is so popular and everyone in Arlington has been cashing in on it for years. It's been several years since I had anything else but pizza here, but if memory serves, the other food was yummy too!
<review# 245,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2012,3/27/2014,41,22,5,13,8>I've been putting off coming here for almost 2 months and I wish I came in sooner! It's a small market with asian products, basically a smaller version of Seafood City (a popular asian market). I wouldn't compare this store to west coast asian markets because obviously the asian community is not as vast in Jax or even in the state Florida. I'm just happy I was able to find a store like this in the east coast. Since I moved to Jax, I've been totally deprived of my native culture and I felt very much at home when I entered the store. I got super excited when I saw that they have filipino ketchup and rice seasoning. It's so good, highly recommend trying the seasoning, makes rice taste so much better! They also have those huge bags of rice that every asian family needs. I didn't see if they had bags of the healthy alternative brown rice, but they had smaller 5lb bags. They got some variety of produce that you would use in asian recipes like bokchoy and scallions. In the back of the store is the freezer section with siopao or meat bun and dim sum. Next to that is their bakery, I think? They also have a small section of desserts that I would love to try. It's not Goldilocks but still looks good. I would have liked to see the Magnolia Ice Cream brand with flavors like thai tea, avocado, green tea and mango. And I guess ube. I'm not a big fan of ube but a lot of asians seem to like it. Besides food, they also have cooking products like rice cookers and pots and pans and bamboo steamers. Their employees are friendly and who probably recognize me by now. I wouldn't say this place is cheap but it's accurately priced for a family owned business (I think it's family owned??). If you're going to use credit card, they have a minimum payment of $5 (I think? I'll confirm it next time I go). I hope I can find more stores like this in Jax. This is a good place to go if you're looking for asian products that you cannot find in regular grocery stores.
<review# 246,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2014,3/26/2014,63,49,,4,2>I've been getting my cars washed here for many years and I recommend anyone that likes to take care of their car's appearance both inside and out should sign up for the $39.99 monthly works package! Not only is it a great deal, but the staff here seem to take much pride in the work they do and that goes along way with me.
<review# 247,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2014,3/25/2014,80,98,,5,4>Ok I'm a brunch girl through and through, but I've eaten here enough times and had enough things on the menu. I know they have brunch down to a tee, but after eating the buffalo wings, poutine and tuna tacos (both new additions), I really think they have it all. They can cook a variety of cuisines with success, and breakfast lunch or dinner. I'm biased to my servers in the bar (Mike, Don, Jeremy) so I can't speak to the others in the dining room. But I had to kick my favorite spot up to a 5!
<review# 248,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2013,3/24/2014,3,17,3,6,4>We just moved to the area recently, and this is my favorite restaurant. We've already been there 5 times. The staff is friendly and accommodating even when they are busy. Their pizza is yummy, and the sandwiches are really good. My favorite is the pastrami, and my husband LOVES the muffuletta. Their homemade bread is the best part. The cannoli's are just dangerous. I could eat a whole plate of them. The homemade italian salad dressing reminds me of my favorite restaurant from back home in Illinois . Whenever we want to go out and don't know where to go, this is our favorite place.
<review# 249,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2014,3/23/2014,32,32,,6,4>Although this is my first review, it's my fourth time coming to Metro Diner. My previous visits left me full but I wasn't a fan. I could take it it leave it. I'm not sure if MD's changed or if I have but I'm a SHO NUFF FAN after the meal I had today. I ordered the Peach Yo Halla (dessert disguised as breakfast), my wonderful husband ordered the country fried steak, cheesiest grits and a pancake, we shared the shrimp and grits. Ok...the shrimp and grits are crack in a bowl covered in grits!! The item we got halved to share was the best thing on the table. You MUST try it!!My PYH was decadent, not too sweet, very flavorful and quite beautiful, to boot. I should have gotten the half portion to ensure a little less guilt (and gut) post meal. My wonderful husbands fried steak LOOKED like a work of art but the breaking was devoid of seasoning so it was really bland. The pancake was a pancake. First Watch still holds the title on pancakes for me. Our server was so sweet, very friendly, and very helpful. Other servers were also helpful and friendly. If there were a such thing as giving a half star, I'd give it 4.5. I'm coming back before I jump to five stars in light of my forgettable first three visits. I just gotta figure out what to eat next! NUTSHELL: MD should be on everyone's bucket list!
<review# 250,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2014,3/22/2014,96,161,3,11,6>My sweetheart introduced me to this little joint. I love sushi and always like trying new sushi places. It seems the small, hole in the wall ones rarely disappoint. We sat at the bar and the sushi chef served a sample of his avocado roll. It was excellent, with fresh avocado as the main part of the roll. We also ordered one of the of the board specials. The spicy girl, melt in your mouth goodness right there brother...we didn't eat much cause we just filled up on popcorn but I think anytime were on this side of town, this will be our sushi place..
<review# 251,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2014,3/21/2014,20,6,,6,3>This place was amazing!!! Finally a nail salon that is more like a spa. I've always hated going up the nail salon. It takes too long and the ladies always talk in a different language and leave me feeling anxious by the time I'm done. They give you wine in champagne flutes! The deluxe pedicure is without a doubt the best I've had in my life. They will scrub your legs with real grapefruit! The pedicure area is very private and you can request a private room. Ask for Nara. She is amazing! The eyebrow and lip wax are detailed and awesome! Can't say enough good things. Id recommend going early because service goes down when they get too busy.
<review# 252,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2014,3/20/2014,53,302,1,6,5>When I first walked in, I almost turned around and walked out. First off, let me say, I am not someone who is typically shy about eating alone in a restaurant. That said, I tend to lean toward more casual places when doing so. I didn't expect such a "professional" feel (for lack of a better term). The decor is very nice and most of the people eating were in suits.I was sitting quickly and given water right away, which is always nice. I decided quickly on the chicken pad ba mee (normally I stick with pad Thai but I liked the idea of something similar but with more veggies). The food came out relatively quickly (especially considering the other review comments about the service). When my waiter first brought out the food, the noodles reminded me of packaged ramen so I was a bit worried that it would not have much flavor. I was totally wrong. The flavor was fantastic. The veggies were cooked but still crunchy (I hate mushy veggies) and the noodles were great. There wasn't much chicken but it was enough. The serving size was enough to be filling without being too much.I would come back but probably only with other people.
<review# 253,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2013,3/19/2014,50,84,3,6,5>I stopped by for lunch yesterday, and I tried the chicken shawarma wrap.  At $5.99, it's a good deal. Filled with warm, flavorful chicken and garlic sauce, it was delicious!  Messy eating, though--at the end I had a handful of shawarma...don't order on a date! (Garlic sauce also underscores this truth)There are a few tables outside on the sidewalk, so that's where I sat.  Inside felt like a takeout Chinese restaurant.  I think they do a lot of take out, by the way.I want to go back and try some of the sides, like moussaka (which the menu describes as "eggplant, onion, garlic, chickpeas and potato in tomato sauce"--sounds different than the Greek kind) and grape leaves.
<review# 254,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2014,3/18/2014,35,62,,4,2>This past Sunday I was sitting at home thinking about where to eat. I wanted something that I haven't had in a while, and thought about Libretto's Pizza. Libretto's is one of my favorite pizza places in Jax.Before I even walked in the door I know we were getting the Garlic Knots. We ended up getting 2 orders so that we would have an even number and wouldn't fight over the last one.We couldn't agree on toppings, so we got an XL pizza with half pepperoni/half cheese. I have to admit, this is one of the best NY style pizzas I have had in Jacksonville!! The crust is thin and the pizza is not too greasy. Delicious!Verdict: Loved it!If you are looking for some authentic NY pizza, this is the place. We have been a few times and the pizza is consistently good. I even took my mom there (she's from the Bronx) and she approves!
<review# 255,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2013,3/17/2014,45,21,2,7,6>Lulu's is a great place to bring in out of town guests. Every time we have family in town we make sure to visit. The outdoor seating is beautiful. Only downside is that it can be a bit hard to find. Some favorites are:Grouper Bites - these are a delish appetizer, and their tartar sauce is divine!Huevos Rancheros - I had this the last 2 times i was there for brunch.Grecian Calamari Salad - heaping in calamari, this salad is big enough for 2.
<review# 256,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2013,3/16/2014,18,24,3,9,6>This is my favorite lunch spot! I am vegetarian and it's nice to go somewhere that you don't have to modify the menu in order to have something healthy and substantial that's vegetarian. The owner is super nice and definitely listens to suggestions. They carry tempeh now due to being open to suggestions. I usually get the veggie panini or a Zone Bowl, along with a Really Green juice. We are going to order from their holiday menu for Thanksgiving too. I highly recommend this place for meat eaters, vegans, vegetarians and diets that have allergy or gluten sensitivities. They have something for everyone and it's a great deal for the quality.
<review# 257,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2014,3/15/2014,79,94,6,10,8>How have I not found out about this place sooner??? I love karaoke, I love BYOB, so this place hit the spot. It is definitely off of the beaten path, but don't judge this book by its cover! The inside is pretty nice compared to its sketchy exterior. There are about 9 rooms that can be reserved for your own private karaoke sesh. AND you can bring your own beer, food, whatever into the place. Our room had a booth wrapped around a table, plenty of room for the 12 of us. It took us about 10 minutes to figure out how to work the karaoke machine, it was in Korean after all. After we figured the remote out, we got the party started! There was nice assortment of pop/classic/rock songs (again, once you found the english options) and 4 TVs that displayed the song lyrics....and weird asian music videos. I can't believe I havent mentioned the most important part yet. ITS CHEAP!!! $5 per person per hour, it was only $10 a person for the two hours we were there! Karaoke and beer for cheap?? Now thats a great Saturday night.
<review# 258,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2013,3/14/2014,94,79,4,7,6>This was my first visit to the new Roosevelt location, and I was so pleased to see a larger dining area than the San Marco Metro that I frequent. We arrived at about 11:30 on a Wednesday & waited only 10 minutes. I decided to try a lunch dish since I usually have the breakfast food. I ordered a greek salad with blackened chick & it was delicious! I didn't love the greek dressing they originally gave me (seemed like oil & spices only) but once I switched to balsalmic, I was in heaven. I even had enough left over to save for dinner; two meals for once price is always a good thing. Others at my table had the tuna salad & chicken salad. Both were pleased & raved about the honey lemon dressing. The service was super fast & I will definitely be returning.
<review# 259,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2014,3/13/2014,1555,1215,21,33,32>I have been to numerous events here and I think the Prime Osborn is a beautiful place.  It's very spacious and open.  You can still see the old ticket windows and wooden benches from days gone by when this was, once upon a time ago, a train station.A private paved lot is available for parking on the west side of the building.  Sometimes parking is free, other times it is not... it just depends on the event.  There is also parking in dirt lots to the north and east of the building.  Again, sometimes free, sometimes not.  You can generally visit the web page for the event you will be attending to find out about parking fees.The ticket windows they now have set up are just inside the doors making it very difficult to get in and out of the doors a lot of the time because of the line to get tickets.  The line will often get extremely long and go out the door and down the sidewalk.  Unless you plan on getting there when the doors open on the day of your event, I highly suggest you purchase tickets in advance so you can skip this process.They do have a concession area here.  The menu is limited and the food is pretty decent, but it is on the pricey side.  Some of the items you'll find are:  Hamburgers, hot dogs, philly cheese steaks, personal pizzas, nachos, fries, and pretzels.  There are not very many tables and chairs set up, so you may find yourself going down the corridor a little ways and sitting on one of the old train benches to have your lunch.The convention center is always kept very clean during the events.  Now that I think about it, I never actually see them cleaning....  they must be ninjas!  hehe  Employees working the events are always super friendly and are more than willing to help you and to answer questions with a smile.Credit cards are accepted for ticket purchases and at the concession area.  If there is a fee for parking, make sure to bring cash.I'm always happy when there is an event scheduled to be held here because I know it will always be an enjoyable experience in the Prime Osborn.
<review# 260,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2013,3/12/2014,6,22,3,10,6>I had my hair done for the first time by this salon and I will keep coming back!! My hair was cut by Melissa and she was amazing! I had some damaged ends and we were able to come to a great plan how to get rid of them. Before she washed my hair she used a peppermint oil on her hands to give me a head massage. It was amazing and relaxing! Then while I was getting a conditioning treatment she gave me a hand massage! When it came to cutting my hair she was awesome! She had experience with damaged ends before herself so she knew what it was like to need to cut them off and to grow your hair out. Also, I think since I was open to cutting my hair shorter we worked great together. She evened out my length and gave me really cute layers! (Hair does grow back so you shouldn't be afraid to cut a little more off to have it be healthier.) My hair turned out great and can't wait for my hair to grow more so I can go back!! Lol
<review# 261,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2013,3/11/2014,37,84,4,5,3>The Brick is a great downtown addition and local addiction for me.  I don't drink coffee (shocking, I know), but it's my go to place for hot chocolate, chai lattes and smoothies.  If you are a coffee person, they have a full Seattle's Best coffee bar and can make you whatever non fat-full sugar-extra hot-mochachino-with crack syrup you'd like.  For breakfast, my top picks are the Glorious Morning muffin and sausage/cheese croissant.  There is also an assortment of donuts, scones, breads, fruit, yogurt/granola, drinks, snacks, etc.  I've never had lunch there, but they use Boarshead lunch meat and my friends have assured me the sandwiches are good.  The owner, Diane, is a nice lady and remembers her regulars.  She even baked two dozen cookies to order for me when I needed snacks for a meeting.  They convinced me to try a chai latte with pumpkin syrup - it was delicious so I'm now working my way through all the syrup flavors.  If you're in the downtown area, stop by The Brick.  It's worth it.
<review# 262,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2014,3/10/2014,95,152,3,7,5>Although I've been to many places just like this, I never get tired of watching these guys cook and perform in front of people!!!This restaurant is pretty spacious with a lot of places to sit l. We thought we had to wait 30 minutes for a table, but we ended up getting seated in 10! For a Friday night, I thought that they didn't have enough waitresses because our waitress had been waiting on at least half of the restaurant. Also, she took awhile to refill our drinks - never a good thing when you REALLY notice your drink's empty. Our waitress' customer service also seems kind of fake and when we tried to call her she was almost ignoring us and didn't even bother to turn around, then walked the other way.As for the food, it was pretty good, but I will say that the salmon I had was a little salty. The meal that I chose was the steak and salmon dinner that came with soup, fried rice and salad. I also shared a dynamite roll appetizer with my boyfriend and there was so much salmon in there! We are always use to it having rice so this was a bit different, but it was still good :)Overall I had a really good time and our chef was pretty funny. He gave us each to pieces of shrimp for everyone at the table and since my boyfriend didn't want vegetables he gave his helpings to me T___T This place is great for families and groups, you will definitely have a great time! Oh, and you probably will have leftovers because the portions are pretty good :)
<review# 263,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2014,3/9/2014,15,22,,6,2>Great cocktails. Better atmosphere! This is one of the most unique places I have been lately. Glad they are downtown.  I really did feel like I was experiencing some of the atmosphere of the prohibition era.
<review# 264,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2014,3/8/2014,32,32,3,7,6>This store is so wonderful in so many ways. The owners are super nice and chatty, theres a lot of variety, and the prices are more than fair. Most importantly, they sell things that are so hard to find anywhere else nearby (such as specialty meats), so they are truly a must visit if youre in the mood to shake up your menu. One of the best parts about this place, though, are the asian candies and snacks. I simply LOVE grabbing something at random and trying it out, youd be surprised what you like! Little places like this are the real key to opening the lines of communication across cultures: food is the almighty equalizer, and they certainly have all kinds of novel foods here! And with suxh a convenient location, what more could ya want? :)
<review# 265,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2014,3/7/2014,21,8,,9,6>In an attempt to find a spot similar to one of my favorites back home, my boyfriend brought me here for valentines day dinner. I had the Honey Glazed Ahi Tuna. It was amazing. Cooked perfectly! There are so many things I want to try on the menu. We will definitely be coming back!
<review# 266,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2013,3/6/2014,6,5,4,13,8>Authentic, and absolutely delicious!ATMOSPHERE: The interior needs a touch-up, particularly the flooring. The art on the wall is nice but there's a lot of it. One or two matching pieces is a bit more relaxing and less overbearing. The chairs and tables make no sense together. Simply getting matching chairs and tables and repainting the floor and de-cluttering the walls would dramatically improve the restaurant. The fridges that show the fresh hand-made baklava, felafel and other dessert is nice for a cafe style.The music is a *touch* on the loud side, but enjoyable for what it is intended to do. SERVICE: Unfortunately, because this restaurant is so unheard of we were one of just one or two customers in the course of the entire hour. That said, it made for immaculate and punctual service, unsurprisingly. Tabouleh really needs to make a greater effort to reach out to the community and get people through the doors. People should be breaking the doors down for their baklava!FOOD: Absolutely delicious. I ordered the Caesar salad with the Chicken Gyro. The chicken had just the right amount tapered off perfectly with the sour cream. I couldn't stop eating. The chicken was thinly sliced but perfectly cooked and moist, and as any cook knows, that's hard to achieve. The baklava was delicious, a tad runny, (you eat it by picking it up they do not provide a fork; I admit it seems a bit pretentious for them to expect you to eat baklava with your hands). I would have preferred a fork to avoid the runniness. OVERALL: This place is a place I will frequent. I think a lot of improvements should be made, especially to bring more customers in, (nothing would break my heart more than to see this place close). A note to the front of house manager if he ever sees this, advertising is just one way of reaching out to your community. There are a plethora of things you could be doing with the delicious food at Tabouleh, from competitions, to taste tests. The possibilities are endless.
<review# 267,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2014,3/5/2014,278,182,6,14,9>Growing up & living in New York, there are three foods that I am really picky about. Pizza, Deli Sandwiches & Bagels. You may think, but Anthony it's bread with a hole in the middle, how difficult can it be? Well sometimes it can be very difficult. This was my first time & not my last at this location. The people were very nice and warming. I kinda already knew what I want so it all went by quickly. I was in and out in like 2 minutes. I ordered 1/2 dozen bagels and 2 1/4 lb cream cheeses. Plain & Apple Cinnamon...Both were great. I like hour the apple cinnamon had like little chunks of apple to add to the flavor. I got 2 of each...egg, plain & cinnamon raisin. The bagels were nice and fresh, a good size and had good flavor. Food wise I get turned on by throwing bagels in a bag and getting on the go. Cleanliness wise the place looked nice. Didn't really look around as I was fixated on the bagels and how they setup their different cream cheese flavors. All in all they have a great variety of flavors to choose from. Next time I will change it up a little. I will definitely be back to explore more of the menu. But I am a happy camper and will have bagels for a couple of days. Lets see how they hold up.....
<review# 268,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2013,3/4/2014,181,120,11,12,11>Fall out of your chair good!!! I mean that *LITERALLY!* On my first bite of their Peanut Butter Chocolate Cheese Cake I literally swooned so much that I fell sideways out of my chair! The next bite was equally as good! I quickly realized that this cake might have been the most amazing dessert of my life so I better make it last as long as I possibly can! I put it in a To-Go container and every day I would treat myself to two bites to get that euphoric feeling (and for the record, it was STILL good 5 days later!)If the recommendation of the Cheesecake isn't enough, go and get their heavenly Mussels! My particular favorite was their special of the day, "Prince Edwards Island Mussels with Key Lime Cream." The Key Lime Cream was silky perfection! The uniqueness of the keylime flavoring was a knockout and made you glad to be alive! After all the mussels were eaten we just soaked up the sauce with bread and wished we could just DRINK the rest!Not all the menu items are as highly cherished unfortunately. The chicken crepe was dry and disappointingly unremarkable. I had high hopes for the Fiorenza Chicken sandwich (Tomato, onions, bleu cheese, and kalamata olives, with basil pesto.) Regrettably the sandwich was just TOO HIGH! The chicken was so thick and the ingredients so tall I had to cut into it and each bite and as a result the flavors couldn't meld together since I ate it in two different sections.However, our meal choices are usually SPOT on and the service has always been STELLAR! J.J.'s is a good Florida substitute if you're yearning for an outdoor Bistro experience (just try to ignore the road in front of you.) I get their strong coffee regardless of what time of day it is and one cannot go to J.J's without trying their dessert----just try to stay upright in your chair. ^_^
<review# 269,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2014,3/3/2014,2,3,2,5,5>This place was amazing! It was definitely worth the drive. The staff was super friendly and the food was the best I've had in a while.
<review# 270,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2014,3/2/2014,49,46,4,8,7>I've heard a lot about Al's since moving to Jacksonville last year, and I finally had a chance to stop by this weekend when my family came to town.After exploring the Five Points area, we stopped in to grab something to eat after smelling the food inside from the street. The atmosphere is edgy but comfortable, a perfect balance to fit in with the surrounding area. The large bar near the entrance is deceiving though - the restaurant only serves beer and wine, so don't expect to order a cocktail. This wasn't that big of a problem for my family since we love craft beer and they had local choices on tap.My family is pretty large, and our order was big to match, but the service was patient and quick. We started with the sampler appetizer, a table pleaser with fried mozzarella sticks, fried ravioli, fried zucchini and fresh bruschetta. Definitely worth ordering if you're rolling in to Al's with a big party to help tide you over until the main course comes in.For entrees, we ordered the stuffed shells, chicken parm, fettuccine alfredo, chicken tenders, margarita pizza and Caribbean chicken pizza. I would recommend all of them, and my family really enjoyed the meal. The portions were large, and we had leftovers for lunch the next day. Sadly there are no pictures to show the proof, as we started digging in as soon as the servers set the plates down.The pizza is what they're most known for, and it's definitely a solid choice with a thin, hand-tossed crust, fresh sauce and dozens of topping combinations to choose from. I think this would be a great date spot or place to take family for a quick meal. Just the pure, simple basics that are sure to please. Al's made a couple new fans, and we'll definitely be back.
<review# 271,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2014,3/1/2014,3,5,3,5,4>All I can say is 'Awesome'. Melinda was a great waiting on us, the Fish & Chips was perfect! I've had this at many different restaurants and The Public House is where myself and family will go from now on.Highly Recommended!
<review# 272,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2014,2/28/2014,51,56,3,6,5>Great Italian food. I've eaten here several times for lumch. I've had the calzone and my husband had the spaghetti and meatballs. They bring garlic knots to the table when you first sit down. Very tasty. They also make their own ranch dressing which is so much better than bottled dressing. The staff is very friendly.  Goat has been our waitress both visits and is very friendly and attentative.  I will be back!
<review# 273,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/26/2013,2/27/2014,62,242,1,8,3>Greasy goodness. The locally roasted coffee is superb!I had a build your own omelette with mushrooms, onions, and spinach. Homefries, meh. A little underdone. Omelette! The mushrooms were canned so I wouldn't recommend doling out the 75 cents for it. Cheese, awesome, lots of it and very melty! Spinach- fresh, as was the onion. The biscuit was dry, and definitely couldn't hold a candle to other ones I've had nearby.My husband had a ham and cheese omelette. His homefries were just as meh as mine, he described them as 'squishy, bland, aftertaste of not good'. His omelette was pretty good, and had some suprise bacon in it. Toast was buttery and good, just a little small.But whoa, that coffee. Our waitress gave us some to go when asked. She was super sweet and non pushy the whole time, talkative and attentive. We'll be back.
<review# 274,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2013,2/26/2014,22,42,1,6,4>These guys are super fast! Our food is always hot and fresh when it gets here, clearly right out of the oven. The prices are great and they have a lot of good specials, not to mention the smallest delivery charge around. I live smack between Five Star and Hungry Howies, but lately Five Star has been getting our business more.
<review# 275,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2014,2/25/2014,170,138,,5,3>Great spot for running or walking. The trail circles the park in a 1.75 mile paved path. There are two playgrounds that children can play in and run around. There is a small skate park where local skateboarders can practice their tricks. You can play competitive frisbee, soccer on one of their 4 marked fields, softball/baseball with friends on one of two baseball diamonds, or basketball on their full court. The park also is home to the Police Athletic league community center. I love this park! They are home to Arlington Futbol Club (arlingtonfc.org) and provide a wonderful atmosphere for kids who want to learn to play recreationally or play competitively. They also have flag football for the spring as well. They always have available portable potties WITH TOILET PAPER(!!) at your disposal as well as providing clean bathrooms near the playground and soccer fields. They have also just added a fenced off dog park to allow your pups to run around freely in the are without getting in the way of other passersby and mingle with other fellow canine lovers. (Please remember to curb your dog.)If it's just to run, walk, let your kids play, learn a new sport or watch other people play, this is a great place to enjoy from the youngest to oldest patrons.
<review# 276,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2013,2/24/2014,179,583,5,7,6>Give a small business your patronage. Gotta support the local hustle. Scanning the area on a rainy day and thought it would be a nice stop before getting home. Been searching for a store that carries loose Magic Cards - didn't find that here but knowledgeable staff was able to direct me to another store that does carry the cards.The clerk and I were the only two people in the store so it was ghost quiet (outside of the television that was playing some unidentifiable scifi movie/series)? I like my comics like I like my anime - weird. So spent a few minutes starring at the walls of art trying to find something that caught my eye. Nice selection. Organization was perfect. Very easy to spill through items. At some point, a group of others entered and someone tried to talk me into Trinity War.  (The title enough said it wasn't for me). Customers seemed friendly enough, but the clerk running the store said few words. And I liked it that way. Not to pushy.  Everyone should stop in and take a look around. But even if you're not into comics you should stop in and check out the many games they had displayed. Make it a game night? Pretty sweet store!
<review# 277,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2012,2/23/2014,41,86,1,5,3>I have been to the Brooklyn Pizza here on San Jose Blvd many times to get the special which is two slices and a drink for $5.99- a great deal!! The do have a lot on there menu including pasta and calzones but I love their pizza so that's what I order. The staff is very friendly and they always give you quick service. :)
<review# 278,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2014,2/22/2014,12,54,1,4,2>Enjoyed dinner here tonight.  Pizza was beautiful and beer even better.  The design of this building is really cool.  The bar is huge... They even have a fire truck in the restaurant!So many beers on tap from all the local breweries.  No bud light draft to be found here - go back to River City Marketplace Georgia.
<review# 279,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2014,2/21/2014,239,155,5,10,9>I must say there's nothing quite like going to an NFL game in your hometown. Now, I must admit that I have been a Dolphins fan since I can remember and well... I was a little bummed when the Jaguars came to town (a lot fewer dolphin's games televised here now), but as a sports fan I have relished the fact that I can go to an NFL game and not have to leave town.Like many others, I've been to other events at Ever Bank, or Altel, or the Gator bowl as I remember it growing up and I enjoyed them all.  I've been to one concert (Tim McGraw), part of a monster truck show in early 2005, as it was raining and cold (brrrr) and of course a couple of Jaguars games.Each time I had an awesome time, but there's just something about sitting in the stands and listening to the roar of the crowd as it cheers on the home team.There are plenty of concession stands available to buy a variety of food and beverages. The staff at the stadium is for the most part friendly and very helpful.So, if you ever get the chance to check out the stadium, whether it be a concert, football game, or monster truck show I'd highly advise you attend!
<review# 280,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2014,2/20/2014,161,465,4,12,9>We have been a big fan of Hawkers Asian Street Fare for a long time.  Every time we go to Orlando, Hawkers is a must-visit restaurant.  So when we heard that they are opening a location in Jacksonville, I was ecstatic and couldn't wait for them to open.  After long months of anxiously waiting for their opening, we finally got to try them on their opening day.We went for a late dinner, hoping we can get in on their official grand opening night.  We didn't have to wait long and got a two top after maybe 10 min or so.  Ying was our server and she was AMAZING... so cheerful and friendly.  First of all, she recognized us from Orlando when she greeted us.  She and several other servers came to Jacksonville to help open and train the staff here.  What a smart way to open a restaurant.  With their veteran staff helping out, I did not, at any time during the meal, feel that this was a new restaurant.  Instead, it felt like a well-oiled machine: the restaurant was crowded, but everything came out fast and empty plates were removed as soon as we were done eating.The restaurant decor and atmosphere are awesome.   With an open kitchen, you can choose to sit at the bar and watch the kitchen staff do their magic.  I'd definitely want to sit there next time.  We were sitting next to the window, which because it was a nice cool night, the windows were raised, so it was like sitting in a patio.  Very cool.We ordered some of our usual favorites (because there are just too many dishes to order with only two of us there): Roti canai (with extra roti), oriental jerk grilled wings, crispy pork belly, Malaysian prawn mee, beef bulgogi skewers, and curry meatballs.  We've tried so many Hawkers dishes and wish we could order more... well, we'll be back again and again.  Everything tasted awesome.  The roti canai, like other Yelpers said, is a must have.  I love their grilled wings and if you like a little kick without having to add on sauce yourself, oriental jerk (a dry rub) is awesome.  The beef bulgogi was so tender and flavorful.  If you like a little kick, the prawn mee noodle soup bowl is perfect for a chilly day.For dessert, we tried their cinnamon roti with ice cream, a sweet ending to a perfect meal.  The owner/manager also came to visit a few times.  Upon learning that we've been to their Orlando location, he asked if everything tasted as good as they were suppose to be,  "yes, yes they did!"We will be back soon.  And we will be bringing our friends and family members every visit because you just have to share good things!
<review# 281,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/17/2012,2/19/2014,48,215,,3,3>Had breakfast here one morning that was fine. Place seems to be popular with the locals and has a bright sunny room overlooking that majestic live Oak tree in the parking lot.Service was friendly and professional, ( ask for Karen )  prices were inexpensive to moderate.I had eggs benedict that was quite good and they have a variety of pancakes too. They serve dinner now one evening a month with what appears to be a very nice menu.Enjoy!
<review# 282,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2013,2/18/2014,13,40,,5,4>I am a picky and healthy eater.  Usually, there are only a few options for me, but I could not make up my mind on this menu.  Everything sounded delicious and extremely fresh.  I was right, because it was.  My husband and I ended up splitting our entrees, because we liked them both so much.  They had fried food and more traditional options, but also grilled and more exotic plates.  The wine list was also very good and our server, Samantha, was friendly and knowledgable.  The only reason that I did not give it 4 stars is because I am a big fan of outdoor seating and windows, and there were none.
<review# 283,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2013,2/17/2014,58,145,2,3,2>Delicious vanilla chai tea latte. The choc cake was moist and subtle. The Jeff's square was like a kick to your mouth of diabetic death deliciousness. It was nice to sit in the zen garden w the bunnies. I will def come back.
<review# 284,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2013,2/16/2014,295,309,2,5,3>I have been here the last few weeks every weekend... and plan to be here every other. So keep an eye out! I still love sitting here and staring out to the ocean and listening to the waves lap at my feet.
<review# 285,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2014,2/15/2014,17,7,1,7,5>I absolutely love Tomo. My husband I went to Tokyo a few years ago and we have been searching for authentic Japanese food here in Jax. Well, we have to search no longer!! The ramen , yes TRUE ramen is delicious. And did someone say Katsu?! Katsu fried oysters, mouth watering... And for those in the know, order Sukiyaki 2 days in advance and prepare yourself for the most mouth watering dining experience ever. Cook your own beef, veggies, noodles in a savory broth at your own table. And don't forget to dip that meat in the raw egg, tasty . You will not leave hungry!! And if there is a Japanese dish you desire and it's not on the menu, just ask the chef.  The staff is more than happy to accommodate. I can not say enough about Tomos.
<review# 286,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2014,2/14/2014,0,2,,10,3>We waited 4 weeks for the craze of a new restaurant to somewhat wane. The new remodel of an old building was much needed and nice. The interior was not elegant but nice, open and clean. The atmosphere was lively and social. There are two bar areas, one up and one down. The downstairs bar and dining is more calm. The food was good to very good. The service was very good but on top of you, we almost felt rushed. We will certainly return and its a nice new addition to the area.
<review# 287,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2013,2/13/2014,80,85,6,11,8>OISHI!! (translation-DELICIOUS!!!) I just moved back to the states from Japan and was craving some good sushi. Luckily, on my first visit I found exactly what I was looking for :) Located in the beautiful Neptune Beach neighborhood, Tama Sushi is a  must if you are craving some of the fresh stuff. We were greeted by very friendly staff and had great service. They start us with a yummy clear broth soup that had onions, mushrooms and tempura bits. The sushi menu was easy to follow and fill out with a wide selection of Nigiri and rolls. I prefer to eat Nigiri instead of the American Sushi rolls, and had salmon, tuna and shrimp-all VERY fresh and the wasabi was tasty. I'm used to paying only 100 yen (about 1.00) at the sushiro for two pieces of sushi, so our bill of 30.00 was a little shocking for about 10 pieces of sushi. But I realize I'm not in in Japan any more and this is more of a novelty meal so you get what you pay for, and that was some darn good eats. Domo Arigato Gozimasu, Tama Sushi for a great dining experience!
<review# 288,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2013,2/12/2014,35,68,5,8,6>I always have been a fan of Gene's, hubby not so much. Tonight though they hit it out of the park. I had the most amazing blackened mahi with crabmeat stuffing and a Parmesan white sauce. Even honey had to admit it was high on the yummy scale. So give them a try, and check out the house specials. We actually came over here to hear the band (Firewater Tent Revival) tonight who are some friends of Mark's.
<review# 289,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2014,2/11/2014,90,110,3,9,5>One of my favorite lunch spots! They have amazing, fresh, chicken salad and potato salad and if you get the half and half special you get half of a sandwhich with a cup of soup or salad and any side ie. potato salad , pasta salad, fruit cup etc and a drink for around $8... can not beat that! The atmosphere is nice, the place is super clean and the service is always amazing. Clara, the owner, makes sure to greet you and ask if you are happy if she is there. My favorite is the chicken salad sandwich on a croissant with avocado! YUM! Their gumbo and potato salad is also amazing. Everything is made fresh daily at the larger Hendricks Ave location and shipped to the Baymeadows location in refrigerated trucks each morning. The only down side is they are only open for lunch 11am-2:30pm, so get scootin'!**They do not accept cash & you order on a touch screen kiosk or online, pretty nifty! If you don't want to order on the kiosk they do have someone available to assist you :)
<review# 290,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2013,2/10/2014,241,1176,,8,7>I had been hearing about the Shrimp & Grits at The Brick for some time now, so when I finally had a chance to make it over to Avondale for bite to eat, I knew an order of S&G would be given. As we met our dining partners and placed our drink orders, we ordered two orders of the Shrimp & Grits appetizer. I was told it would be necessary for each couple to have their own. And boy were they correct! The shrimp were plump, the grits were creamy, and the tortilla bowl served as a nice scoop when we broke it up. I could easily order this for a meal and go home a happy camper. Meal was off to a good start so far. For my entree, I had the cuban sandwich with sweet potato fries. The fries were delicious and some of the better ones I've had. The sandwich was good, but I was only able to eat half as I wasn't as hungry as I originally thought. Our server - who's name fails me - was great and played along very well with our usual shenanigans. We find ourselves in the Riverside/Avondale area more & more these days, so we'll definitely have to keep The Brick in our regular rotation.
<review# 291,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2013,2/9/2014,35,34,3,6,5>Best sushi in Jacksonville!People had told me this before and I wasn't sure but after trying it, it is definitely the best. They have the FRESHEST sushi around. Everything is delicious. They have a wide variety of rolls. You can also create your own if you want. Owner came by a few times to check on us. Everyone loved what they had. Amazing spot for sushi. Will be back!
<review# 292,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2014,2/8/2014,48,112,4,7,6>so. much. junk! But that's the point right? I wandered in on a Saturday just to look around and didn't really plan on getting much, but....oh was i sucked in! If you are a fan of anything from cheap home goods (like cleaning supplies), knock off handbags and wallets, shoes, speakers, MUSIC (any one who loves vinyl can find some awesome -read cheap!!!- finds here). ALSO, if you want lawn furniture like benches, swings, a new boat...i mean there is virtually everything here. I walked out with vinyl records and some awesome license plates to add to my collection. I'll make my way back sometime soon. If you're wanting to just find random knickknacks, vinyl, shea butter/cream, or awesome kettle corn, pop in to this flea market. It's huge, you'll walk out with something. Enjoy!
<review# 293,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2014,2/7/2014,53,125,,8,5>Went to see the Blue Man Group at the Moran last night and it was a blast! The acoustics, lighting and sound in this theater are awesome. The only complaint is that the seats are a little cramped together, this was a problem for me because I'm a big guy and I enjoy my space. thank goodness the person directly to my right didn't show up other wise it would have been pretty tight, especially if that person was a large man or woman. I was hesitant to purchase drinks and snacks due to a review I read here stating that they weren't allowed in the theater but that rule seems to have been lifted as I was able to take my candied almonds and Coca-Cola in with me. Maybe it just depends on the type of show. The theater is larger than I expected and was pretty packed. I really enjoyed my self and wouldn't hesitate coming to see more shows here in the future.
<review# 294,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2013,2/6/2014,1184,140,6,11,10>I first came to JRC a year and a half ago when I decided that it was time to get myself in shape, I've bought what seems like hundreds of expensive name brand running shoes before but after a day or so of having them on I just want them off and end up burying them in the back of my closet. My sister was the one who recommend JRC to me as she is an avid runner. I went in on my first visit with my mom as we were both looking for running shoes for an upcoming 5k that we had signed up for, honestly I didn't expect to leave with anything except my "I new it" attitude that there was no one or any running shoe for me, boy was I wrong! When you go in they don't just ask your size and what shoe/color you want and bring it to you, here they actually have you step on a mat that shows the parts of the soles of your feet that need the most support, they actually talk to you and if you tell them that you need a sneaker with extra arch support but would also like a lighter weight shoe they listen, and before they bring out your desired shoe, they have you try on the shoe in the size and support suggestions that the mapping device printed out, then they have you either run or walk on their treadmill with your pants rolled up to the knee if your not in shorts so that they can get a picture of how your foot is moving in the shoe, and if you need any corrections, or inserts. Then they bring out the shoes that you requested to try and even let you run around outside to make sure you like the fit. The added bonus about JRC is no matter how much you've used your sneakers if your not happy with them in thirty days they will give you a refund or you can exchange them. Luckily I found the perfect pair, and when I went to get workout gear at Dicks I saw the same shoes I had just purchased at JRC and they were actually more expensive at Dicks! I'm not getting my running shoes anywhere else now that I've had the JRC treatment;-)!
<review# 295,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2013,2/5/2014,74,35,2,10,7>Mangroves is a small hidden no frills joint. The people are very nice and the food was very fresh. I'm not kidding though...no frills. Your drink options are bottled ones from their cooler or their sweet tea, which was good. I had the crab cake sandwich and it was huge. My brother got the blackened Mahi special and said it was great also. I'd recommend this place if you're looking for a quick, fresh, uncrowded atmosphere for lunch.
<review# 296,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2014,2/4/2014,18,2,5,7,6>How can anyone give this place less than 4 stars?1. I agree with the other reviewer, and it is Definitely an upgrade from the old Urban Flats.2. Their menu is huge, and has something for everyone.3. I like spicy food, so if something isn't spicy enough for you, they usually have some fresh jalapenos in the back they can slice up quickly. They are very accommodating.4. My top picks: Italian sausage flatbread - substitute the sausage for spicy chorizo (and add jalapenos of course). Beef au-jus sandwich. Olive tapenade trio. Appetizer-bruschetta (this one is already made up into slices vs regular bruschetta order). The chicken pesto flat is delish as well.5. They always have a GREAT selection of wines. Currently some good Pinot Noirs (Hahn, Lincourt etc)6. The kids love the crab rangoons and the sliders.7. The manager, Andre, is one of the friendliest people on earth. Congratulate him, he just had his first child:)8. I haven't had a salad here in a while, but as a side I remember them being just fine. And don't come here for the salad anyway. They have so much other stuff. It is still is my favorite place to watch football on their huge screens, and if you're lucky, catch some live jazz on Thursday nights. 9. It's a GREAT place for happy hour - 2 for 1 starting at 4pm daily.10. I give this place a 10 for always being the only casual place on my way home from work that everyone seems to agree upon:)Keep up the good work guys!Wine down Wednesday is back!
<review# 297,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/19/2013,2/3/2014,81,39,2,10,8>Welcome to the Jacksonville location of St Marys Seafood & More. Local owners (brothers-in-law) opened this warm and truly friendly sister restaurant to the original one in St. Marys GA. This is a solid family-friendly seafood centered restaurant. The decor is all old school Jacksonville. A large Cowford sign hangs in the front near some wonderfully nostalgic photo reprints from the 1920s to the 1940s of old Jacksonville.On to the food! The portions are massive considering the price. The service was over the top as any brand new restaurant should be. The cup (big bowl sized) of Shrimp and Corn chowder was rich with just a nice little kick and ample portions of shrimp, potatoes, corn, peppers and other veggies. The coconut shrimp was tasty without being overly breaded and had a nice flavor. The mussels app was the star of the show! The aroma dances up out of the bowl and did a tarragon and garlic jig upon my tastebuds. I'm particularly fond of jigs I'll have you know. I took two sandwiches with me for the roomie and lunch the next day. The steak sandwich was given a 3 of 10 due to lack of seasoning by the roomie. The mahi- mahi sand was a good piece of fish with nice flavor - 6 of 10. The desert - a slice lemon meringue cake was quite good . All in all a positive experience and worthy of a visit by ordinary citizen and gourmet guru alike.
<review# 298,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2013,2/2/2014,70,169,,6,4>Fascinating Tour! I liked that it was free. The free beer is a nice perk too.Great staff. Tour was full of interesting trivia and history. The tour guide was very professional and was very meaningful. He did not waste his words. The tour was so good I want to take the paid tour.
<review# 299,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2013,2/1/2014,0,10,4,6,5>The restaurant was very busy, which is generally a good sign. Clearly the locals eat here. While busy, the wait wasn't more than 10-15 minutes compared with an hour wait at some other places.The menu was reasonably priced. I had lasagna, which was delicious. The portion size is large, so you won't walk away hungry.The service was top notch and the food was fresh and you can tell home made.
<review# 300,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2013,1/31/2014,116,119,5,7,5>Waitress told us they have new chefs so the food is a lot better now. First time here and so far so good!!! LOVE me some oysters and low country boil :)The restaurant is pretty big. They have an oyster bar, a bar area, restaurant seating for big parties, and even a play room with arcades, etc. They also have outdoor seating with a live band.
<review# 301,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2013,1/30/2014,115,88,9,15,8>Reading the reviews of this joint would make you think it's the most hit or miss place on the planet. You really need to know what you're getting into before coming here, although you'd be hard pressed to find it unless someone has already told you about it. It's family style dining, where all the sides are brought out for self service.When you come here, come hungry, and order... CHICKEN. I can't speak for the other items on the menu because I only order the fried chicken. The place has chicken in the name, why you would order anything else is beyond me.Pro tip: If you come with one other person, you'll have to pick your sides, missing out on something. If you're with 2 or more people, you get it all. Mashed potatoes, biscuits and gravy, creamed peas, fries, the whole nine yards.The chicken is lightly fried and subsequently not too greasy. No real spiciness to mention but it definitely has it's own unique flavor. It's always consistent, so you know what you're getting. I read someone was complaining about the size of the chicken, saying it's not big enough. My thought is that because they use local live stock, hopefully they're this size because they aren't pumped full of hormones like what you would find in the grocery store. I'm not certain but I tell myself that to justify eating it.The service is pretty standard operation. Ensure that you'll get plenty of refills by ordering sweet tea. There's always a server walking around with a pitcher in the dining room4/5 will raise cholesterol level again.
<review# 302,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2013,1/29/2014,40,80,4,4,3>I survived all of the Florida Gator decorations to have a nice burger and fries lunch.  I ordered a double chesse burger and it was really good.  The fries were yummy too.  Bottles of soda...all kinds were an interesting surprise.  For the same price of fast food, you can get a nice lunch here at Adam's.  I will return.I will have to make it there for breakfast, because they have an extensive breakfast menu.
<review# 303,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2013,1/28/2014,307,776,5,7,4>I just left the place and it is coming together nicely. A little hectic right now but Mark and his crew have it all together. Just some here together and some there together. It's a San Marco Puzzle. well I have just returned from the soft opening and it was Killer. The food was amazing from start to finish. I started with some Fried Calamari cause I have had everything else. Then moved into the Sea of Indochine with perfectly prepared mussels, shrimp, and scallops in a kicked up sauce. Then to top it all off the first real dessert I have had in a long ( if you knew me last year) time. Coconut Crème Burlee was slap your momma good. So light n creamy then topped with a crunchy sugar topping that just sent it Thur the roof. This whole team will be here for a longtime with food like this. Congrats the Ladda, Mark, Susie, and the rest of the staff.
<review# 304,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2013,1/27/2014,512,73,9,20,18>This is what it's all about, Yeeps. I love Vito's simply because they're Vito's. They don't need 50 different kinds of pizza, pasta and accompaniments to set themselves apart from the rest. They do NY style pizza, and they do it well...so well, in fact, that they've been a fixture in the community for years and years...and this is a tiny, no-frills, family-owned establishment, not a big-name chain. It's located in the Blanding Square Shopping Center (next to McD's), on the corner of Blanding and Jefferson, Orange Park area.Eats: $2.99 for two large one-topping slices and a drink, $3.99 for the three slice special, and a large 1-topping pizza is $7.99 That's some awesome deals, especially if you're rolling on a tight budget. I got my two slices with bacon, and they were LOADED with thick yummy bacon. No, these weren't bits...but good sized real-deal bacon pieces. The sauce was pleasant as well, as it wasn't overpowering, but instead played an equal part to all other components. Being that it's a NY style thin crust, I was a little worried that, at such a good price, taste and/or texture would be compromised. To my relief...nope. The crust served as the perfect vessel, providing just the right amount of crunch to complement the cheesy, bacon-topped goodness. It may not be the best slice I've ever had in my life, but it's definitely a true contender, and the top ranked for value!All-in-all, I'll go out on a limb and vouch for this joint and call it a definite hidden gem. "So why the 5 stars?" you ask? Easy. As I sat eating, I looked around this 7-8 table basically nondescript joint, only to find, upon closer inspection...that their walls are filled with "Thank You" plaques, pictures, and letters. All coming from various local youth sports teams, schools, charities, and organizations that they've contributed to throughout the years. THROUGHOUT. THE. YEARS. They don't pump money into chic decor, instead they let their food speak for itself and give back to their community. This experience alone amplified my profound admiration for the family-run joints out there that struggle day-to-day to make it. From the Lunchbox Deli to the Whiteway Deli...whether by European Street or Maple Street...support your local restaurants and businesses! For great service, food, and value 5 stars and 2 thumbs way up for Vito's!
<review# 305,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2014,1/26/2014,307,131,,6,4>I wish this place is closer to my workplace than McDonald's and Taco Bell.  I've always ordered the Half and Half bowl (half chicken and half beef with brown rice).  The number of calories in one Big Mac is equivalent to Flame Broiler's Half and Half Bowl.  One Big Mac alone does not fill me up while the Half and Half does its job.  It's healthier too, since the meat is grilled and not fried.  Also, try their tender marinated short ribs and don't forget the magic sauce.  The price of a bowl is $5.95 while the combo plates cost $7.75.  I think the amount of meat and rice is the same for each except the combo plate is served with a raw cabbage salad and half of an orange.
<review# 306,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2013,1/25/2014,68,491,,2,1>Basic sit down joint in the heart of San Marco. Loved the family that runs the place. Very clean. Wide variety of menu items. The homemade sauce was excellent, and my wife loved her falafel. I was only so-so with the shrimp I had, although my grape leaves were delicious.
<review# 307,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2013,1/24/2014,59,62,,7,5>This wasn't where I was planning on going for dinner last night.  Nope.  I had BBQ on my mind.  But a last minute change in plans ended me up here and I left very satisfied.The restaurant isn't that much to look at on the outside.  In fact, I was sure it was gonna be some type of dressed up fast food place.  But looks are deceiving.The inside was amazingly clean and sparkly.  Not nice restaurant style sitting but still, spacious and enjoyable.The food actually arrived rather quickly but you can tell it is was not frozen and reheated.  I had the steak with peppers & onions and my family members had a tasty cuban sandwich and the Zarzuela (a dish with shrimp, squid, mussels).  All came with plantains, rice, and black beans.  I had a little bit of each of my companion's meals and they both made me jealous I didn't get that instead.We ended our meals with some rather amazing cuban coffee and caramel flan.I actually was craving the steak & peppers again today but since it was across town from where I was doing my errands, I couldn't make it.  But I am going to head back there soon.  The prices are reasonable for the size of the meal and everything I had tasted fresh and made with love.
<review# 308,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2013,1/23/2014,62,63,2,9,7>Had to check this place out since it's right up the road from my house. Man, am I glad I did! Excellent food. I had an eel roll, tempura shrimp roll and pork Gyoza. The atmosphere of the place is also very pleasant. We sat at the sushi bar and the sushi chef treated us to a great fried salmon salad that I will have to order next time. This is my new favorite sushi spot!!! Go treat yourself.
<review# 309,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2014,1/22/2014,245,83,2,4,4>My friend on Instagram posted pics at Yamas Hookah and I've wanted to go ever since. I look it up on Yelp and I saw that Jennifer G. has been like 28 times. So I rounded her up and Mimi I. and we hit the 3-6PM Happy Hour. I lika dis place a lot! The music is a good mix of EDM, upbeat music, and techno belly dancing music hahah Let me tell you how stinking cheap the Happy Hour was: $7 for Hookah, $3.50 for wings, $5 for Char Broiled Filet Tips. I was dying hungry and I destroyed the food with the quickness! I needed some rice, but I opted to use the pita bread that came with the Flaming Cheese. The pita bread was so good I got extra, they only charge you 50 cents but its worth every penny! Speaking of the Flaming Cheese, they dump alcohol on it, light it up tableside, and yell OPA!! It's worth the presentation alone. I'll post a picture of it. We just hung out, vibed to the music, smoked da hookah, ate good food, watched football, and kicked back. I'm not driving to Sahara's anymore unless its Karaoke night! Save your gas and money and check out this unbeatable Happy Hour! Daily Happy Hour3 pm - 6 pm Monday - Thursday3 pm - 6 pm Friday - Sunday-Starzbuzz Hookah single, mix or repack $9-Al Fakher Hookah single, mix or repack $6-1/2 off house wines, wells, all beer, and a large selection of appetizersDaily Specials- Mondays $12 Mojito and Sangria Pitchers- Wednesdays $4 Martinis- Fridays, Saturdays and Sundays Nights Belly Dancing Shows
<review# 310,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2013,1/21/2014,180,254,5,8,6>Have been twice for lunch recently with co-workers and we love it! Not sure how we haven't discovered this spot sooner. While we've snagged a table for four on both visits there is an interesting, long community table at the center of the restaurant.The menu is lengthy, and filled with so many things that sound delicious. Most everything is healthy but portions are generous and everything is made fresh. (read: this can take time when you're on your lunch hour)The flatbread pizzas are a must. They're huge -- definitely enough for two meals. The curry chicken salad (no mayo!) is excellent. The homemade soups are also very good. Enjoyed a cup of thick barley ash soup on my most recent visit.On both visits it appears there's only one waitress and one other person helping to run the food our. So bring your patience as it can take a little longer.Note: Park across the street in the parallel spots by the tennis courts or around back (yes there are towing signs but those are for Jack Rabbits, which is not open at lunchtime).
<review# 311,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2013,1/20/2014,179,106,7,8,5>I went to Colonel Mustard's last week for the first time and I liked it so much I went back the next day! A real "mom and pop" type of joint, Mustard's hand smashes their burger meat with yummy seasoning to give that ground beef the extra oomph! The menu is HUGE with salads, sandwiches, wings and all sorts of things BUT you are ultimately there to get a burger with like, 8 of your favorite toppings! It definitely takes some time for your food to come out, close to 10 minutes, but when you get that meaty goodness put right in front your face, you pick it up with both hands and you don't put it down until you're done (see photo)! Luckily, I had my boyfriend with me who wiped my face for me.. which seems cute, but I'm sure he was totally embarrassed for me with my messy face! *TIP: don't ask for mustard, ketchup, or hot sauce to be added to your burger because they will charge a few cents extra for it. They have all those condiments on a side table right behind you, after you pay and you turn around to sit down. However, you will have to ask for mayo.Salute the Colonel!
<review# 312,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2014,1/19/2014,131,117,,10,5>When I first met my wife I was anti-sushi anything but she instantly got me hooked with a little place in Maryland. Since having the baby we have been ordering sushi every possible chance. So when she texted me about an all you can eat made to order sushi spot, I was all in.     The dinning area is very open which is nice for a date. The waitress greeted us and took our drink order. I cashed in on the 50% off sake for checking in with yelp. The menu is about 6 pages but the all you can eat items were located on 2 separate pages. The menu ranged from a soups, salads, a few American items, hibachi grill, desserts and of course sushi. They have a good selection of rolls but I they didn't offer some of my wife's favorites, such as the eel rolls. Sushi was prepared well and very delicious. For $15.99 you can't beat this price when the call for sushi knocks on your stomach's front door. The house soup was delicious, I even ordered a second bowl. My only problem with my experience was that's my wife order a certain roll twice and never received it. I was given the wrong roll twice. I loved the first order I received and ordered the same thing the second time but it came out different. These were my only two discrepancies.      Overall I had a good experience. They could spruce up the decor but it really didn't bother me that much. Good food, friendly staff and great prices. Another dragon roll for me please!
<review# 313,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2013,1/18/2014,62,56,1,9,5>Puerto Plata is one of the lunch spots that my coworkers and I head to often for Latin cuisine. They can accommodate large groups with ease, their portions are huge, and the service is great. Since we usually go there during lunch, I normally take advantage of their 5.99 lunch specials. The special usually has 2 dishes to choose from which comes with an entree, white or yellow rice, black or pinto beans, and sweet plantains. My favorite items are the Pernil (roast pork) and the Chicharones de pollo (fried chicken) which are often on the special rotation. Great food for less than 10 bucks? Yes, please!
<review# 314,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2013,1/17/2014,227,252,1,8,5>My husband and I have been here a handful of times and I've always enjoyed it. Last night we stopped in for a drink or too during happy hour and a quick bite to eat...We split the Irish nachos with corn beef and they were delicious, but next time I'd ask for no sour cream and a side of thousand island dressing, that would really make them perfect.All in all, O'Brothers is a cool place to go in and hang out, enjoy some pretty good food and decent priced drinks. We'll keep stopping in whenever we are in the area, that's for sure!
<review# 315,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2013,1/15/2014,48,37,,8,3>Just when I thought there was no hope left  in Jax for good ole New York style pizza I found Joey. I've had my fair share of imitators, thankfully this place is legit. After searching Yelp and seeing the usual places  I scrolled all the way down and found this little gem.  I plugged Joey's in my gps and on the way I went.The place was nice and clean, adequate seating, an even had a TV if you wanted to catch a game. Anyone who knows good pizza know that it's all about the sauce, so obviously I asked to sample the sauce before even ordering. Thrilled by the flavor, I went ahead and ordered a 20in half pepperoni/Italian sausage, along with an antipasto salad.While waiting on my food I chatted with the owner and his wife, they were very hospitable.Now on the the food... the pizza was amazing, the crust nice and thin, the sauce light and fresh, plenty of cheese and not greasy. I would definitely recommend Joey's if you're looking for some good pizza. They also have amazing lunch specials, I will be back again to try something else on the menu.
<review# 316,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2013,1/14/2014,180,303,1,9,7>I've lived in this city for a long while now and I never seemed to get to any of the Brewsters locations for a show, usually due to the fact of it  being on a week night, the old club being almost out to the Beaches while I lived on the Westside, and/or having to get up before dawn to go to work. I never went to this place when it was Plush because they never seemed to have acts that intrigued me. As of late, though, the bookings at Brewsters (and in Jacksonville, generally) have been getting much better. The Big Night Out Tour, featuring Fuel, Hoobastank, Alien Ant Farm, and Local H, is what popped my cherry at the new Brewsters complex. I wanted to time travel back to my high school years and this show was perfect for that. Originally, I had bought my ticket because the tour also included Lit (who I have never seen before), but they had dropped off the tour for some reason or another. In any case, I had gotten my ticket for just $15 (thanks to a promotion from X1029) and there was no reason to let it go to waste.The show started at 7 and I arrived around 6:45. I had to wait in line for about 10-15 minutes, but that wasn't bad at all. Upon walking in, there was a table set up with Brewsters staff checking names off the Will Call list and giving us all bracelets. This entry area was decent. There were a few couches and such positioned around for people to sit and a super small stage for up and coming local acts. I didn't catch the name of the band playing, but they were fronted by a compelling female singer. I headed through the doors next to this stage and back to the "Roc Bar". The VIP areas along the sides have a few steps up to a platform with some couches. There is one huge circular bar in the middle and behind that is the stage. I claimed a spot up at the fence, which is my preferential place to be at a show, and didn't budge for the rest of the night. First up was Jacksonville local band, Stayne Thee Angel. I know that I've seen this band name around town, but I hadn't seen them perform yet. They rocked it and played much heavier rock than the rest of the ticket. I was a bit let down by Local H. I remember them having much more energy and stage presence, I don't think they've aged well. Each other band, however, was phenomenal. I loved watching the lead singer of Hoobastank just get a look of pure glee when the crowd was drowning him out when we were all singing along. There seems to be an anti-moshpit vibe in Brewsters, which doesn't bother me. I usually claim a spot on the fence because I hate the pit. I stand all of 5 feet, 5 inches. I've never been able to hold my own in the pit. That said, I was getting annoyed with people who kept complaining when they got bumped into. You're at a concert. It's going to happen. It should also be noted that a bottle of water from the bar is only $2, which is fantastic that concert go-ers aren't getting overcharged just to stay hydrated.  I really liked this venue. It reminds me of Webster Theatre back home in Connecticut. I've been looking ahead at the schedule and lots of bands that I know and love are going to be rolling through soon. With how affordable tickets are and a great concert venue, I see return trips to Brewsters in my future.
<review# 317,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2013,1/13/2014,38,176,,7,2>Surf, Sand, Water Park(Kids), Shelters, Camping, Bike trails, Weddings, Boat Rentals, Hiking Trails, Disc Golf, Fishing (Fresh/Saltwater), and Cheaper than a Gallon of Gas per Car.Where else in Jax can you find all of this in 1 place for $3 (up to 6 people)See you at the park!
<review# 318,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2014,1/12/2014,19,55,2,4,3>For the nearly 3 years I lived around the corner from Sherry's and had my hair cut there. I always had stellar results. Sherry's been styling hair her whole life, is well in touch with contemporary design and fashion in addition to being a professional to the core. Price is fair and at check in, you're treated to a visual delight with her sexy receptionist Leigh (almost written the price of admission in and of herself!). I miss the salon dearly. Thanks again ladies!
<review# 319,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2013,1/11/2014,1,12,,3,2>I came here with friends from Venezuela last Sunday and we had a great time. They were ecstatic to be introduced to a non chain restaurant where the focus is on the high quality of the food and ingredients rather than the oversized servings of cheap gooey food typical in homogenized chains restaurant the average person visits. So if quality is what you are looking for, then this is the place to be. We ordered the warm olives with a 5 cheese plate and had several rounds of wine. The service was great, the ambiance fantastic even though Sunday night is Trivia Night, the cheeses were the types I drive to find at specialty shops and so very tasty. The baguettes were the real deal, crusty and perfect with the cheese and the olives. There was plenty for the 3 of us. I love the wine list at the Grotto and also the fact that you can order 3 oz tastes of wines as well as a glass or bottle. You can also purchase wines to go at a reduced price, which is nice.This is the 6th-7th time I have been here and have always been happy with the experience.My friends said,"nosotros tambien la pasamos ESPECTACULAR en ese lugar ...es alucinante"
<review# 320,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2013,1/10/2014,7,18,5,6,4>If you'd ask a group of people what they want for their anniversary some may say jewelry, others may say sports equipment. Me on the other hand, I enjoy gifts of food. I mean, isn't the way to one's heart through their stomach? This may not be the case for all, but for me this rings true. I think about food morning, noon, and night (and in my dreams, but sometimes they involve vegetables chasing after me, alas, I digress). So I was excited when my esposo (yes, and I'm doubly talented because I speak Spanish) said he was surprising me for our anniversary and taking me out to dinner. Driving up to Atlantic Beach, I secretly kept saying to myself "I hope we're going to Azurea in One Ocean, I hope we're going to Azurea in One Ocean." I'm assuming that we were going to Azurea because secretly my husband could hear me channeling him about bringing me to Azurea, but I'm about 99% positive that's not the case, considering he had a reservation. Oh well, no powers of telepathy here.  Walking into One Ocean is like stepping into a different world. Okay, maybe I wouldn't go that far, but Toto (or Carla) doesn't feel like he's in Jacksonville anymore. You're transported to a posh, upscale, modern hotel. Walking to the restaurant you're surrounded by colors of the sea: deep and rich Mediterranean blues, seafoam greens, and sandy browns. Since we got to the restaurant early, we decided to have a drink at the bar. I ordered a lemon drop martini with sugared rim. My better half ordered a Captain and Coke. Both came out quickly. My lemon drop martini was sour and deliciously sweet. The views from the high-top table were lovely. You have a view of the sea oats rustling in the wind and the Atlantic Ocean. Azurea also has a lovely patio space available, equipped with couches and chairs. We were seated for dinner and quickly greeted by our server, Anita. I ordered an extra dirty martini with blue cheese stuffed olives for my second drink. The martini came out perfectly, and the blue cheese stuffed olives were divine.The menu is progressive, but also offers some reliable (safe) choices (for those of you who aren't too adventurous). We decided to start with the lobster gnocchi (sweet corn, Maine Lobster, double smoked bacon, and tarragon). While we were waiting for our appetizer, Anita brought out an amuse-bouche (small bite) of smoked salmon mousse. I'll be the first to say, I don't like salmon. To me it always tastes gamey, but after giving myself a pep talk, I'm glad I tried the amuse-bouche. It was delicious and I was disappointed when it literally was only one bite.Our gnocchi were delicious. The Maine Lobster tasted fresh and sweet and the gnocchi were delicate and delicious. Anita then brought out a bread plate, which had several different types of bread. All of which were quite delicious. She also brought out multiple spreads for the bread: tomato jam (sweet and surprising), salted Vermont butter (rich, just like butter should be), and sundried tomato spread.For dinner I ordered the Harris Ranch Natural Tenderloin, served with Yukon potato and Gouda flan and creamed silver queen corn. My husband opted for the Bone-In Strip, served with flat creek smokey blue cheese garnish du jour. We also ordered two sides: mousseline of Yukon gold potato and foraged mushrooms with fresh thyme butter.Our meals came out and they both looked great. Although we all know things can always look great, but taste awful. Luckily that wasn't the case. I bit into my tenderloin and it was rich and buttery. The sauce paired nicely with the meat. The creamed corn was sweet and creamy, which worked well with the rich potato and Gouda flan.My husband raved about his bone-in strip. After taking a tiny bite (okay, it wasn't tiny, it was more like a chunk) of the strip, it was rich and so tasty. Regarding the sides we ordered, I'd steer clear of the mousseline of Yukon gold potato. It was bland, it tasted like instant mashed potatoes. The foraged mushrooms with fresh thyme butter were delicious. They were rich, woody, and fragrant. For dessert I ordered the Tiramisu Bavarian (chocolate espresso bean and Myers rum mascarpone mousse). The texture of the dessert was silky and smooth. Each bite was better than the next. Pros: Ambiance, service (friendly and knowledgeable servers), menu variety, food (exquisite). Cons: Mousseline of Yukon gold potato. If you order this dish, make sure to BYOS (Bring Your Own Spices).Tips: Enjoy Azurea's outdoor patio. It's a relaxing setting and great place to have drinks.
<review# 321,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2014,1/9/2014,47,49,3,8,3>Kids meals were very filling for my little ones and tasted great. The aroma from the chicken tenders was a precursor to the taste which was equally as delicious. They are nice enough here to walk you with an umbrella from your car to the door in the rain which was surprising since I'd never experienced that at any restaurant. The service here is outstanding. Christina is very friendly and made the drive thru a very nice experience.
<review# 322,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2013,1/8/2014,5,34,2,4,2>If you are looking for a new twist on the classic burger joint, this is the place.  Burger and Kale salad was amazing.  Kids loved the milkshakes and queso fries.  Great place to refuel after walking around St Johns Town center.
<review# 323,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2013,1/7/2014,94,79,,4,2>I try to be a 'good girl' & eat healthy lunches during the week & Zoe's Kitchen def met that criteria. I ordered the greek chicken pita & fruit cup. It was made with a whole grain pita, greek seasoned chicken, carmelized onions, feta, lettuce & tomato. It was delicious & just enough food to where I could go back to work without needing a siesta afterwards. My coworker ordered the chicken roll ups, which were bite sized chicken wraps with a dipping sauce. We did indulge & sample the homemade chocolate cake. Loved the rich, sugary icing & spongy dark chocolate. The space is so bright, welcoming & clean. Service was fast & parking was easy with a gargae next door. Reasonable prices, too, ranging from $7-10. Will return!
<review# 324,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2013,1/6/2014,35,20,2,3,2>Proper Chinese take away! Food is fresh, kitchen/seating area clean, full family fed for under $20. You can't go wrong when you eat at Fong.
<review# 325,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2014,1/5/2014,174,187,6,10,3>My friend put me on this place and I was addicted for like 3 weeks. I prob spent 100$ in that time. lol This is where I go to treat my self. Their Sushi BOMB!, their orange chick BOMB-digity and the Sweet sour chicken BOMB.org/mylife. Sorry for sounding so wack but this place is amazing and real chicken is used ..White meat not.. chicken pieces or what nots. lol
<review# 326,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2013,1/4/2014,783,779,4,9,6>Let's hope they never close this place down or stop using it for music venue. (Those nay-sayers need to move to somewhere else more quiet if that's what they want!) I have seen so many concerts here, including my very first one at age 7 -- Debbie Gibson!  And the latest one -- The Big Ticket with 30 Seconds to Mars and Stone Temple Pilots with Chester Bennington. Other concerts I saw here include last year's Big Ticket, this year's Rockville, Come Together Day from 1997 or so, a christian concert I saw when I was in my teens, etc. Music is such a uniting force of populations. I think the city of Jacksonville could use as much uniting as it can get. Other than music concerts, there are many festivals that take place here, namely the World of Nations. It's a spacious open-air venue with a main stage for the performances with a giant lawn. There are bathroom facilities, a little playground, several seating areas, and plenty of room for vendors to set up their tents. It borders the St Johns River, so you get great views of the river as well. This is one of the best venues that this town has to offer, so let's keep it that way!
<review# 327,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2013,1/3/2014,1555,1215,30,35,30>Hamburger Mary's is an awesome time waiting to happen!  I cant believe it took me so long to get here!  This is definitely going to become a regular hangout!The show:  Absolutely amazing!  The drag queens were stunning and really knew how to work the crowd.  It's really fun to watch them try to get a rise (pun intended) out of the straight men in the audience.  One even tried with my hubby and I just couldn't stop laughing!  He was quite embarrassed, but he took it in stride.  Mary's boys are so, so, so good!  They are actual trained dancers and boy can they work it!  I may be a tad bit biased b/c I've known one of them for well over a decade, but they are a treat to watch.  I even got a "Magic Mike" dirty dance of my own!  Whoohoooo!It's loud in there.  Very, very loud.  If you want to talk to someone in your party (or the waiter), expect to yell.  But it's no big deal.  They play awesome music!The drinks:  Hubby and I both had the "Mary's Size" "Mary's Punch."  Well, hubby had two of them.  They were so huge, one was all I could handle.  Very strong and very good!  $9 each.The food:  I went with the simple Mary's Burger with cheese.  Definitely one of the best burgers I've had in Jax and worth the $10.  The meat was juicy and perfectly cooked.  I went with the mac & cheese for my side and it was good.  It was a tad cold, so I'm sure it would have been amazing had it been hot.  I'm wondering if it was not up to a hot temp b/c we ordered after midnight?  That is no excuse, but very well could have been the reason,  I didn't complain nor send it back - I was drunk at that point, didn't care, and scarfed it down!  LOL  Hubby wasn't in the mood for a burger, so he ordered the loaded mac & cheese and added bacon.  He loved his dish, said it was the perfect temperature when I asked him, and he also said the bacon was perfectly cooked and was well worth the $1 extra he paid to add it.  He said he'd definitely order that dish again.  I would also order the burger again and again and again and again.Unfortunately, their fryer was down, so we weren't able to try some of the things on the menu such as the loaded tots or the fried pickles.  But, there's always next time!I highly recommend you call ahead for reservations as the shows do fill up.  When they get too busy and can't answer the phones, they have a machine that picks up.  Feel confident leaving a message because they will give you a call back.Parking can be an absolute b****!  The parking lot fills up quickly as does the street which runs along side the place.  Get there early if you can.They have an outside full bar area where you can wait after you have checked in with the hostess outside in case you are there early for the show.  Smoking is permitted in the outside bar area.Be aware they charge a $1 seating fee per person,  It's no big deal, but it's nice to know about.Also, if you'd like to tip any of the drag queen or Mary's boys, make sure to bring plenty of dollar bills.  I was naive and wasn't aware of this so I had zero cash on me!  Next time I'll definitely have dollars with me!Another FYI:  They allow you to bring any type of camera in with you.  I had one of my Nikon DLSRs with me and wasn't sure they'd allow it.  It was no problem at all.  The drag queens even stopped and posed for me several times!  =)I understand they also have a brunch on Sunday's with an all-you-can-eat buffet (add unlimited mimosas or bloody mary's for $5 - sounds like a good deal to me).  Wish I knew more about this.  I'm not sure what exactly id offered on the buffet or how much it is.  If interested, I'm sure you can just give them a call.So, what are you waiting for?  Get off your a$$ and head to Mary's and be ready for a fab time!!!!
<review# 328,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2013,1/2/2014,1,27,2,3,2>We frequest Sala Thai about 3x a month. Great vegetarian curry dishes. The red curry is great and loaded with vegetables. The rice is always perfectly cooked and plentiful. Try the chai tea with coconut milk instead of regular milk. It's wonderful!!!
<review# 329,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2013,1/1/2014,67,297,2,3,3>One of my favorite photo op places in Jacksonville!
<review# 330,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2013,12/31/2013,6,23,,7,1>I've been to the Copper Tap House a couple times now since it recently opened.  Very little fan fair for the new restaurant.  When I tried to look these guys up almost always came across the Copper Top that closed down the road where the new TacoLu moved in.My guest and I sat at a high top table in the middle of the room on our first visit, made me feel kind of weird - like claustrophobic or on a stage.  The second visit was at the bar.  The visit during the week the place was half full while the visit on a Friday night it was full including outside seating.So the story here is that they have craft food and craft beer.  Different sections of the food and beer menus represent different US regions.  They make their own food not the beer.  Craft beer fans will be happy here with two dozen craft beers on tap.  Bottle selection was nothing special.  Drafts are fairly priced at about $5 although I wish the Bell's Two Hearted IPA was served in a 16 oz. rather than 10 oz. for the money.  I had the Golden Spinach Salad ($7) which was heavily drizzled in balsamic vinaigrette with walnuts and goat cheese, a great salad although I would order the dressing on the side next time.  My next visit had the West Coast Regional Sliders ($12) which were three poultry sandwiches.  The chicken is breaded and deep fried and bread is refined white.  The duck and turkey are made into a patty, not sure if it might be some type of sausage patty.  I would recommend the wasabi duck, especially if you like horseradish.  My guest had the Baked Goat Cheese Pomodora Dip ($10) which had a hidden onion-y taste to it and the Fresh Spinach and Artichoke Dip ($8).  I would recommend the Spinach and Artichoke Dip, it is also served with salsa.  Vegetarian options also include a Caprese slider.  My guest enjoyed here house Cabernet ($3) and her Red Blend ($10) while I enjoyed my Breckenridge Vanilla Porter and Lagunitas IPA (fresh hops!).The service was very good.  Bartenders are friendly and the servers check back frequently, although we did have to ask twice for extra bread.  The atmosphere is open with tiled flooring and walls up to a high ceiling.  The walls seem a bit bare and there are a few big screen TVs over the bar with sports.  Sitting at the bar, the TVs were too high and I had the feeling like I was sitting at the front row of the movie theater.  People are laid back with bright lighting and a slightly loud sound system.All in all, I can see myself coming here quite a bit in the future because I will be moving to the neighborhood.  This will be my preference over Miller's Ale House, Bojangles, McDonald's at Walmart, Tim Tebow's PDQ and Panda Express.
<review# 331,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2013,12/30/2013,116,105,2,5,4>Came to Medure on a Monday night (1/2 off bottles of wine!) with my Mom and boyfriend. It really is a great place to have a nice dinner. Apparently they had a bad kitchen fire that closed them for a few months, but the place looked awesome when we arrived.  We sat at the bar and ordered some drinks before being seated. All the specialty cocktails were really good. The beet salad was fantastic, as were the fish dishes. We had mahi, trigger, and salmon--all fresh and creatively prepared. If I lived in PV, I'd be a regular.
<review# 332,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2013,12/29/2013,79,94,2,4,2>The only place worth crossing the Mathews bridge for! (when its open anyways). Growing up in Arlington, I always heard myths about this awesome sub shop called Blue Boys, so it would only make sense that once I move out of Arlington 15 years later, I finally try this legendary sub shop. Like most awesome local lunch joints, it doesnt look like much from the outside, and the menu seems pretty ordinary as well...untill you see their subs. My boyfriend and I split the super club. Fresh baked bread piled high with assorted meats and cheeses, this sandwich definitely earned its "super" prefix. No joke, I couldn't even fit the sandwich in my mouth! I had to bite in stages. I took half of it home and it was still as delicious as it was the day before. If you want a quick lunch with big taste, this is the place for you!
<review# 333,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2013,12/28/2013,48,55,5,8,3>German Schnitzel Haus' stripmall location (and eyebrow-raising "And Brick Oven Pizza" exterior sign) shouldn't deter you: this place feels like the German embassy of Jacksonville. There's a solid selection of German beers (served in German 0.5L glasses), a richness of German paraphernalia on the walls ... and great food.I'm not Professor German Food over here but I enjoyed everything we were served immensely (Bavarian appetizer platter, Schnitzel Haus Platter, apple strudel). But hey, I'm going to be insufferable for a second and play the "I've visited X" card: I spent a week in Berlin for a business trip last year, so I do have something to compare against.We visited on a Sunday night; there were about 5-6 other tables taken and service was prompt and friendly. Dinner prices aren't cheap - you're looking at $13-20 a person here - but it seems like we're all conditioned to expect the word "fusion" or a squirt of truffle oil on our plate when we pay $19 for an entrée. So don't stress out, this is high-quality food, even if your jager schnitzel isn't as fancy-looking as you're used to.If there's one even semi-negative thing to mention: we ordered a side of sauerkraut that ran $2.99 for a pretty small amount. (It was delicious, though - from what I can tell, good sauerkraut is closer to cooked cabbage, more tender than the stuff they plop on your plate at European Street.)The menu says beers are 10% off if you bring your own stein, and it just so happens that I have one of those. My stein and I are looking forward to it.
<review# 334,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2013,12/27/2013,69,7,2,5,5>It's been a while since I've had a favorite sushi restaurant, but it's finally right in my backyard. We here at least once per week and the sushi is always extremely fresh and very well portioned. I love all the hibachi entrees, and the protein always seems like a higher quality than other Japanese restaurants.
<review# 335,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2013,12/26/2013,181,120,2,3,7>I laughed so much my face *HURT* after leaving the Comedy Zone last night! Can you pay an establishment a higher complement than that? I awoke still energized from the experience last night and it has added an extra spring in my step at work the next day! Previously, I had never given The Comedy Zone a second thought as something I would enjoy. I assumed it was a dodgy, smoky venue with sophomoric humor laced with filth. I'm glad I got over my prejudices and gave The Comedy Zone a chance. The selection of beer was small but the price reasonable at $5 (I got a Blue Moon served in a glass with an orange.)The show started promptly at 8:00 p.m. and lasted until 10:00 without any breaks. There was around 6 local comedians and I enjoyed ALL save one, 90% of his repertoire was ball jokes. I have a personal limit of just five ball jokes per day, after that it just becomes irritating.Bob was the first comedian and he set the bar high for the rest of the night! I really enjoyed his self-effacing stories. Reggie was another favorite where I laughed so hard my stomach hurt! I can't wait to go back and hear those two again! There is a rating form of the comedians and once filled out you receive two free passes for a Monday through Thursday show! I will give The Comedy Zone a fifth star when they improve their food. I don't mind pub style food but fresh ingredients is a must! We paid $6.75 for a plate of stale tortilla chips and a bowl of globby nacho cheese that tasted straight out of those giant cans you buy at Sam's. Ew. Fresh food, a printed list of signature cocktails, and some opulent decorations would certainly class up the joint and draw in more crowds. However, until those improvements are made they still have a fan in me and as my favorite body builder turned politician says, "I'll be back!"
<review# 336,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2013,12/25/2013,0,13,3,4,3>UPDATE after a few visits -- removing at least one star.This is too bad, but after multiple visits, this place deserves a downgrade (from my original 5).  The flavor was completely absent on a full fish my date and I ordered to share once, and the "fresh" rolls were tough like they'd been made in the AM and left out in the open air.  Not fresh, not good.  After multiple visits, some worth a 3, some a 4, I'll leave the net rating at a 4-minus.ORIGINAL:  Only one visit, but if they keep this up, this place is instantly my favorite Thai spot in Jax.  (Sorry, Indochine San Marco, you lost out by closing early last night.)Wonderful balance of rich flavors and the right balance of heat.  I have been to Bangkok and Phuket, and I'm looking forward to sampling more of the menu, and seeing what else is on par with the best food I had while "in country."Two rather simple things that I look for in a good Thai place, and they both had them:  1) fresh "prik kee nu" Thai chili peppers (on request) to bring the heat as needed -- and no, I don't mean the local Jax substitute of extra jalapenos, and 2) *brown* rice -- it's not authentic, but it's what I and my ladyfriend prefer.  Most of the "top" Thai places I've come across have neither (or at best can only offer fresh peppers in the pot 'o fish sauce).Warning:  I tried to visit Basil Thai once before and they'd closed early (though not as early as Indochine above ... 9:25?  Really?), so if it's mid-week, you might call if you're trying to eat later (as I almost always am).
<review# 337,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2013,12/24/2013,15,23,,3,4>For eight years I have been coming to shakes and always love trying new things when I am there! Their custard is AMAZING and so rich and flavorful, far more than any plain vanilla ice cream you would get elsewhere. Their concretes are are like a much better version of the DQ blizzard and their sundaes (especially dream lover) are to die for. The only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is because the last time I got a sundae, it wasn't entirely solid when they gave it to me. (A one minute drive down the road and it was completely melted.) But this was a rare occurrence so I figure I'll give them another chance.
<review# 338,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2013,12/23/2013,55,14,,8,4>Every once in a while I'll have a craving for Vietnamese but usually go all the way to Bowl of Pho or Little Saigon. Our niece Marie recommended this place and we were in the area so we decided to check it out!As soon as we walked in we were greeted by a nice asian woman and our server (I believe her name was Tammy... She had cool purple bangs). The service was excellent here and our drink glasses were never empty.We started out with some fried spring rolls (one order comes with two fairly large spring rolls) and they were really good! My wife ordered a grilled pork banh mi and that was awesome. She let me have a bite but I couldn't help but have almost half of it!  Meat had a good flavor and the bread was nice and toasted. The pho was really good too. Broth had lots of flavor. We even asked for extra jalapeños and limes and they were very accommodating. I left pho-king full! Good service, good food, and now time for a good nap!
<review# 339,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2013,12/22/2013,0,22,3,5,3>I've driven past here for many years without stopping in. Not sure why, but what a foolish mistake. Service was great. The food was some of the best I've had from a restaurant in some time. My chicken francese was on point perfect. Light, but filling and with a perfect flavor. The Lady's chicken primi was almost as good. We also shared a small Caesars salad that was fresh made with a wonderful dressing. A basic wheat style bread was a little underwhelming, but it helped me to sop up every last drop of my francese sauce.  I will be returning soon.
<review# 340,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2013,12/21/2013,14,37,3,4,5>I'm seeing the hummus is getting some love in the reviews, I'm wondering why no one's giving the polenta cakes a shout out. They are fabulous. This is a great spot to start the night. All the tapas are delicious, and I'm saying that because I've scarfed them all down. Grab from your selection of top notch and reasonably priced wines, or pick a micro brew 6 pack, you pay the corkage fee, and the wine keeps flowing. A truly innovative concept for a restaurant. Did I mention the service is amazing? They always make a point to remember you, and they have never lead us astray when searching for the perfect bottle of wine. My only complaint, they are not open later on the weekend.
<review# 341,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2013,12/20/2013,4,12,2,3,3>AMAZING food! I have been craving ceviche for a few days and I'm so glad we came here! The ceviche mixto was amazingly tasty and a great size if you want to share or eat as you main dish. I had the lomo salteado and the beef was cooked to perfection. If you want something refreshing try the mango shake. Definitely coming back!
<review# 342,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2013,12/19/2013,179,583,4,6,4>Gotta play some music just to write... Konshens - Represent This place is so freaking good. The food gives you strength and energy. They have the beautiful decor that draws you in. The dim lighting automatically makes you feel at home (or at least like you are a welcomed guest into someone else's home). Stroll through the menu and peak over your shoulder at what others are getting. It ALL looks and smells great. Portions huge and extremely tasty. You will always have nice left overs. I tried to conquer the plate of oxtails. Every tasty piece fell off the bone and the sauce swerved nicely with the rice and pea and the cabbage. Yuh wan man fi cook a propa pot -  Fine...beautiful ...sexy man working the front desk. I peeped around the corner and I saw more men putting on aprons. I love seeing men in the kitchen - esecially when good food is coming out. The food is worth the travel.
<review# 343,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2013,12/18/2013,203,100,,9,4>Moxie is a must add to your dinning card!  The menu is very eclectic, original and delicious. From the awesome Cheese Curds....yes, I said cheese curds, to the soft pretzels, to the Moxie Burger and more, Moxie is a must try, over and over again.In addition to the great food and service, Moxie also has a great atmosphere to gather with friends. It has multiple bars, upstairs and downstairs outdoor areas that could only be made better by adding a fire pit for chilly Jacksonville evenings. Great job Moxie!
<review# 344,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2013,12/17/2013,0,25,,1,3>Lovely market with fresh and beautiful veggies at great prices!! The staff is helpful and friendly.  A great addition to give Jax folks more options for fresh ingredients. Check it out...
<review# 345,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2013,12/16/2013,110,135,3,7,4>For those of you not familiar, I am, in fact, a tiny little lady. Something about walking into a car dealership immediately puts a target on the foreheads of myself and those like me. My brothers are both former mechanics and huge car buffs and I try whenever possible to avoid making them do routine maintenance on my vehicle (makes them more prone to take my phone call when I only ask for things like that in the case of extreme emergencies). My brother has always suggested that I take my cars to their respective brand's dealership for routine maintenance. Therefore, I take my Nissan to Coggin Nissan. I've had my car serviced here 3 or 4 times now and I'd like to point out some very important contributing factors in my repeated visits (ladies, you'll want to pay attention to these):1) I have never been made to feel as though I am being charged for a service I don't need. Let me say that again: There has not been a single occurrence where I felt that the mechanics or the service staff was telling me something even remotely dishonest about the current state of my vehicle. They change my oil, they list exactly what is pending attention outside of the maintenance I've requested them to perform, they give me a price on the cost and they politely encourage me to give them a call when I'm ready to have said repairs made. Without exception, their diagnostic analyses have been accurate and comprehensive. 2) They remind me of my upcoming maintenance deadlines. I get a personalized piece of mail showing the estimated mileage on my vehicle (based off of the time of my last visit) and an explanation of what mileage requires what inspections. All of it is in line with what is listed in my owners manual.3) Their waiting room is PERFECT. Someone was obviously paying attention and decided to accommodate people's normal annoyances associated with dealership waiting rooms. There is a theater room with an updated movie always playing. There are refreshments. There is a game room for the kids, and there is a little shop with car accessories (you know, the things you always kick yourself for forgetting to pick up for your car when you're normally at the store). I usually go in on a Saturday morning/early afternoon and I've not once even noticed how long I've had to wait because the waiting area is so comfortable. Even so, their wait times are always reasonable, even when they're busy. Getting my oil changed is akin to getting a filling in terms of experiences I absolutely detest, but Coggin Nissan makes this experience more than bearable, and believe me that's difficult for me to even comprehend.
<review# 346,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2013,12/15/2013,63,49,2,3,2>I've driven by this place so many times and I keep wanting to stop in, but they don't open until 5pm and I'm usually starting to get busy with work around this time. Well I decided to take it upon myself to set time aside to go in yesterday and I am so glad that I did! I started off with the meatballs for an appetizer, because that it one thing I love from Italian food. They were juicy, well seasoned and the sauce with just the perfect blend of texture and taste. Oh and lets not forget the fresh delicious bread they bring to your table that I gladly used to sop up the sauce with. I decided on another favorite of mine and that's lasagna with came with choice of salad or soup. I went for the minestrone which only needed a little salt to taste. My Lasagna came out nice and hot with lots of melted mozzarella. What it lacked in presentation, it made up for with great flavor! While sitting awaiting my meal I spoke with a gentleman about his steak and cheese calzone which was huge and looked and smelled delicious that I will be trying next time!
<review# 347,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2013,12/14/2013,178,91,3,3,3>If you are hungry for tacos this is the place. Fast and cheap but Deliscious! I ordered a Carne Asada (beef), Carnitas (pork), and chicken tacos all $2.75 each with a side of guac (extra cost) and their home made cole slaw (free). Yum! It gets really busy so try to snag a table as fast as you can. There is a bar and porch seating at the back of the restaurant if the front gets packed.
<review# 348,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2013,12/13/2013,25,170,1,3,2>Absolute scrumptiousness!!! Cannot recommend this place enough. We tried the hibachi on Sunday. Full of succulent flavor and goodness. The waitress was prompt and polite, especially with my kids. The hibachi chef was considerate of my kids fear of big flames and tailored the show to them. The only thing off was the ginger dressing for the salad. Not what I'm used to. But, still good.Then, we returned the next day. Yep, they're that good! And hubby and I shared the sushi love boat. I almost wanted to pick a fight just so I could have the sushi all to myself. I usually shy away from raw fish just by itself. Like, I need the rice and extra trappings. But, here? They had the freshest fish and it was expertly cut and presented. I savored every bite! This time, it was dinner and the restaurant was busy. Yet, service didn't falter. This restaurant will be budgeted in every chance I get. Not that they're expensive. At least, not more than any other Japanese place.Going to try the curry next time! Loving their fusion-- get any kind of Asian food in one place!
<review# 349,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2013,12/12/2013,80,98,3,6,5>North Beach Bistro is absolutely our go-to. The first time I ever went was for the brunch. Ever since, we have been going at least twice a month for brunch, and occasionally for dinner on week nights. We always sit in the bar, which is a really good atmosphere for day or night (unless its a beautiful day out... it is dimly lit and a bit chilly). Definitely go on Sundays for brunch. In my opinion, that is where NBB shines. There is football on all day and the Sunday brunch bartender, Mike, is wonderful. We have had lunch on Saturdays before and the vibe isn't the same. Not to mention, $10 AYCD bottomless mimosas with the purchase of an entree. Great if you are bringing a big group or just dining with one person - they can accommodate it all. Nightly specials are posted daily on the facebook page, and they have tons of deals throughout the week.For the meals, the burger is HUGE and incredible. Other favorites include the bistro Benedict, the mahi sandwich, the wedge salad with chicken (best wedge in jax!), prime rib sliders or keep it traditional with the all american breakfast (country sausage is delicious). The only negative is the lox and eggs. For what used to be my favorite dish, their vendor recently changed the lox and it is not nearly as good anymore. It's a family owned place with fair prices and a welcoming staff. We would be so sad if this place ever went away!
<review# 350,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2013,12/11/2013,50,84,4,4,5>Lillie's is the place where my husband and I often wrap up our date nights.  On Fridays and Saturday nights, you can count on finding live music outside under the twinkling lights (or inside, if weather doesn't allow).  Every Saturday night is Jazz night, while Fridays feature more varied selections of local (and not-so-local) musicians.    The baristas are friendly and knowledgable.  I follow Lillie's on Facebook, and every Tuesday they feature a "Barista's Special": a creative concoction for only $2 all day.  Offerings vary from the sweetly decadent to the simply straightforward, but I always look forward to hearing what it will be!For late night snacking, their homemade hummus will tide you over nicely.  If your sweet tooth is in the driver's seat, however, you won't be disappointed with the selection of desserts.  Most recently, I sampled some turtle cheesecake that left me scraping the plate.  "Oh, did you want a bite, dear?  Sorry!"Not to limit my experiences to after dark (since I'm not a vampire, after all), I have enjoyed Lillie's in the morning and at lunch.  I sampled a surprising concoction of shaved ham, cheddar cheese and apples on toasted rye that was so surprising, I felt like I'd invented it.  That feeling was negated, however, when I observed other diners ordering the same thing!  Huh.  Go figure.This coffee spot was formerly known as Shelby's, and I've been faithfully patronizing it since I was merely a tourist rather than a resident, and Shelby herself walked about the courtyard, chatting with patrons.  When new ownership took over, I was dubious, but the location alone kept drawing me in.  Gradually, I saw that Lillie's is the same community gathering place it always was, even with the name change.  I imagine I'll still be sitting at one of the outdoor tables, doing my crossword, when I'm 80--rocking my bikini in my brown, wrinkly leathery bod.Hummus, anyone?
<review# 351,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2013,12/10/2013,1,132,,1,>2nd time here, and wow what a difference from the last time! I realize or rather my wife reminded me that I wasn't feeling to good then which accounts 1000% for my review. This time around we started off with some hot sake , which was excellent. It reminded me of my favorite Merlot by Robert Mondavi. Then we had miso soup, which was also excellent. When I first tasted it I want sure I was gonna like it, but by the 3 red spoon, I was hooked! Then I had my wife order my main course, (who knows you better than the wife right?) She ordered the Hibachi steak & salmon combo. It was the bomb!!! The decor is beautiful. I told my wife that both the last time we went and today, when we stepped into the restaurant, I felt like I was stepping into another world. I have to admit, I never EVER felt inlike that in my whole life! So kudos to Akaya for the thought they put into that. Overall, I would highly, highly recommend this place, and as I told my wife, the next time she suggest going to Akaya, I'll be in the car before she finishes saying the restaurant name! Oh before I forget, our waitress was an excellent server. Unfortunately, she didn't have a name tag, so I could advise y'all to ask for her. But maybe that doesn't matter since everybody is super nice and helpful. Definitely will be back again.
<review# 352,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2013,12/9/2013,69,7,2,3,3>Incredible authentic Greek food served by the most friendly, kindhearted people I know.  Everything is yummy, and they will accommodate special requests without a problem.  It's a super fun family friendly atmosphere, and Georgia, the owner will greet you at the front and remember exactly who you are.  You'll feel like you're in a friend's home.  Can't beat that!!
<review# 353,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2013,12/8/2013,36,72,,3,2>Order the express size for lunch, they give you a ton of food and most normal people can't finish their express plate.  I tried the Jerk Chicken and it was amazing!  Beef Patty, best I've ever had!  Carrot cake, mediocre.  I know, I know not very Jamaican:)Go to this place, during the day...
<review# 354,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2013,12/7/2013,38,97,,2,1>We drive out to the beach for Sierra Grille and the Pineapple Salsa.  The turnaround for the food after you order is usually fast.  The food is on the healthy side and we enjoy the Black Bean Quesadilla.   Great surf and turf that has shrimp and steak.  If you get a chance try the ranch with dill sauce too. Sierra Grill is as good as it gets!
<review# 355,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2013,12/6/2013,35,68,2,3,2>I finally got to go to Pho A Noodle Bar. My husband has eaten here so many times. We go into the place and everyone waves or just says hi. I later found out that they all know my husband here. The place is nice sort of modern décor with wide open isles and plenty of room. They don't pack you in. The owner Ladda came over and made sure we had everything and just me nice. We enjoyed the apps of Thai Chicken Bites and Pot Stickers. They were both very well seasoned and perfectly cooked. The entrees of Standard Pho and Phad Thai with chicken arrived quickly. My phad thai was sweet with a lot of flavors all mixed into one fine dish. The pho had a great depth of flavors and just mixed into a fabulous dish. I just wish I would have known about Ladda's own dessert specialty the coconut crème brulee.  Don't worry we will be back for some.
<review# 356,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2013,12/5/2013,161,465,2,3,1>I sometimes wonder why I don't go to Peony more often... a lot more often.  I mean, I know they have good authentic Chinese food.  Just the other day, when pondering where to go for a good plate of fried rice and some yummy Chinese stir fry dishes with my husband and a good friend, my husband actually asks, "why don't you ever think of going to Peony?"  eh.... yeah, it's been like a whole year since we last went.So we went and ordered waaaay too much... to the point the server actually asked if we knew these are large/sharable plates.  Yes... yes we know.  We just like to eat a lot.  Anyways, we ordered salted fish and chicken fried rice, Chinese broccoli, walnut shrimp, beef ho fen, some spicy chicken stir fried dish and a couple other dishes that I forgot (yeah it was alot for three people).  We had a great time eating, chatting, eating, and eating, and eating... We really should put Peony in our regular rotation of go-to restaurants....
<review# 357,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2013,12/4/2013,74,816,,4,2>I can't believe it took us so long to notice this place open so close to our house!!  We stopped in here for a late dinner and it was awesome.  The owner is super nice and ready to answer any questions you have.  I had the Greek Burger and it was perfection!!  My hubby had the mushroom burger and he loved his as well.  We also had to check out their shakes and those were yummy as well!  I love that they serve them in a "normal" size so that you don't feel like you have to finish a gallon of ice cream.  There are about 10 more burgers on their menu that I need to try so I'm certain we will become regulars here!
<review# 358,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2013,12/1/2013,122,140,3,8,4>I really am glad we tried this for lunch. The wait wasn't bad, and we had a text telling us when our table was ready. The decor is great... Space is so much better than when it was Sun Dog. The salsa was good but the only problem was we had to keep asking for more. The server, Greg, was on top of things. He was friendly and continuously checked on us. The bar was a little slow, but we know it's new and there are kinks to work out. The food was fabulous, except for the chicken on my salad which was gristly and fatty, Greg did take the charge off of my bill. My husband had a cubano that was the best! Our party tried several tacos and said taco Lu is out of business soon.We will definitely be back soon.
<review# 359,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2013,11/30/2013,12,15,,4,3>I get brazilians done all the time i know what a good one is supposed to be and when a salon is trying to make more money by claiming they do brazilians . This place is the real thing very clean, everyone gets their own wax bucket they use gloves and are very professional. Crystal did my eye brows, lips, chin and of course the full brazilian i couldn't be happier. The staff is nice and friendly and you can't beat the groupon price ill will definitely  be a frequent client.
<review# 360,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2013,11/29/2013,1184,140,1,8,4>This is the best spot in Jacksonville for the freshest sushi/sashimi! They also make your food look like edible art! If it weren't for the huge portions which is a plus, I'd have to try everything on the menu in the same day! The special sashimi is a definite must have. So is the sashimi dinner, they both come with your choice of clear or miso soup, salad, with either ginger or ranch but who gets ranch at a japanese restaurant? Plus they always ask if you want a side of steamed rice with it! Talk about a lot of food, I've learned to politely pass on the rice as I will never get to it even though it's yummy! Plus the staff is so polite and helpful, if you can't decide what to order or don't know what something is they will always suggest something great and you might get lucky with a dish that's not on the menu! They also have bento boxes that come with more food then at Bento. Theirs  comes with soup and salad+ california roll, rice, shumai, 2 pieces of tempura(shrimp/veggie)and your main entree! Everything there is super fresh! Their clear soup is the best I've had anywhere and I'm a Japanese foodie so I know my soup! Theirs just not enough you can say about Oishii to do it justice, you have to experience it for yourself to understand the greatness behind the doors in this piece of heaven.
<review# 361,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2013,11/28/2013,6,14,2,3,2>Whenever I'm on the Westside around lunch, I try to stop in here.  If you're a first time visitor, you have to let them know, you'll get a delicious taste of their salads with your meal!  The Cuban sandwich here is the best I've had in any part of Florida, simply delicious!  You've also got to check the board for the specials.  Last time there, I took my boss who had never heard of the place, and of course he had the Cuban, and loved it.  I tried the fried green tomato BLT, and was NOT disappointed.  The tomatoes were fried expertly and not greasy, and it seemed the bacon was about an inch thick on the sandwich.  Easily the best BLT I've had (that I didn't make myself).  The only reason for the lack of a fifth star is the the big crowds in a small-ish dining room, and the noise level.  That, and I'm just crazy stingy with that fifth star.If you have the chance, try this place out!
<review# 362,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2013,11/27/2013,123,186,3,2,3>Avonlea is a giant antique mall. Giant. There are a ton of antique dealers and you can find something amazing almost every time you go. I would have given Avonlea 5 stars, but their prices are a little high. I assume the cost of a booth in there is expensive, so the vendors have to offset that somehow.
<review# 363,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2013,11/26/2013,26,57,2,3,2>I love this place! Its so different than most places at the beach. Reminds me of a place that would be in California. This place is great for breakfast and lunch. They make their own biscuits...need I say more.  I normally order the Dirty Chai latte and my boyfriend orders the french press. I have tried the breakfast sandwich that comes with egg, cheese, avocado, and tomato on a delicious biscuit. The biscuits are more dense than fluffy. They also have great wraps for lunch. I feel good eating here because I know its healthy, organic and it tastes great!Oh, you have to try the banana bread or the zucchini bread. Both are so moist and delicious!
<review# 364,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2013,11/25/2013,48,215,,5,2>This place really is a find folks if you like Calzones, good pizza and Italian pastas served in HUGE plates. The owner/chef Luigi is mighty friendly without being overbearing and always makes it a point to ask how you are doing and how you liked your meal. Now when was the last time someone THANKED YOU for coming in for a meal? Right on Blanding in Orange Park, it is tucked in a strip mall ( where else )  and decorated with patriotic Navy paraphernalia and photos. It is definitely not an upscale atmosphere but a family style casual cafe. When you walk in they have a board with the nightly specials written to whet your appetite.Every time I have gone there now it is packed with family groups for celebrations. We met a nice waitress named Shauna that we immediately took a liking to. The owner always makes the rounds making sure you are pleased with the food and service.Whatever you do get their heavily garlic knots! Fresh outta the hot oven they literally melt in your mouth. We usually get a serviceable Greek salad followed with a Calzone made with ricotta and mozzarella cheeses and baked into a half moon of dough that is baked perfectly and very light. We then share their very tasty and flavorful baked Ziti with Ricotta And Marinara Sauce that is quite filling and satisfying.You are welcome to bring you own beer, cider or wine with no corkage fee. But the most amazing thing of all besides the really good home tasting Italian food it the prices with barely an entre over 9.99!Definitely one of the best local one of a kind restaurants in a sea of chain food outlets.
<review# 365,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2013,11/24/2013,7,33,2,2,1>My wife and I went today and holy cow, it was good!  We got a few plates to try a few things.  We were not disappointed.  We got the chorizo and pears, roman gnocchi, and a ham and swiss cheese creepe.  It was all great...might as well have licked the plate.  We will go back!Parking is on the street and it can be hard to get in and out of.  Seating is limited so call ahead to reserve a table.  It's not a kids place...the place is small so an infant crying becomes really loud in there.  It's a little pricey for what you get.  The bread pudding was so so.
<review# 366,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2013,11/23/2013,241,1176,,2,2>I've been to the Riverside/San Marco area many, many times but rarely find myself venturing into the Avondale neighborhood. That changed when I finally made it into Biscotti's. While parking can be...interesting...we were able to snag a spot down the street and meander into some of the shops while we waited for our reservation. Biscottis - like it's sister BB's - was busy. While waiting for your table in the front, your mouth starts to water as the light from the dessert case hypnotizes you. We snagged a specials menu from the hostess stand and started to peruse our options for the evening. We were seated in the third 'room' at a nice corner table near a door. I love sitting in the corner because I love being able to see the whole room. I don't typically love sitting near a door, but with the warm breeze coming in from the outside it helped balance the temperature of the coolness inside. We ordered the Mozzarella Bruschetta to start. I originally decided on the Ortega pizza, but switched my order to the risotto special after our app. There's nothing wrong with cheese & tomatoes, but bruschetta AND pizza would have been a little much. The risotto was rich and creamy. The sweetness of the corn with the roasted asparagus played well with the sliced chorizo mixed throughout the dish. While the dish was absolutely delicious, I don't know if I would order it again. It was so rich and I was so full after the app that I think I would have been better off with a salad.Besides, you always have to save room for dessert when you're at BB's or Biscottis. This time we ordered the Oreo Cake Mousse. While we initially thought it was a cheesecake, we were happy with the lighter mousse and our full stomachs were too.
<review# 367,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2013,11/22/2013,72,204,,4,3>I was surprised when I entered this little store in the Town Center to find that it does not sell name brands of olive oil in comparison to each other. Instead, it has its own line of oils and vinegars in a vast array lining both sides of the store. It meant my understanding had to be re-oriented and restarted not by the label, but by the taste of each one. Normally, I might have walked away as I was thinking of California Olive Ranch's Arbequina for my selection, but my culinary curiosity made me stay and I was duly informed by the manager of their mission there. The store seems to be part of a greater line up, perhaps a franchise or corporate entity, that has its own buyers working with olive farmers all over the world to keep the freshest oil in their stocks.For anyone who has been following the culinary world's stories on olive oil in the past  few years, olive oil is a slippery business. This issue is particularly well presented in Europe where some shippers and growers are shipping and blending their products as if they were all Extra Virgin and served from the Holy Grail. This is why I was looking for California olive oil.Well, I found it here in the stainless steel urns with colorful labels that were lining the walls complete with mini tasting cups and some breads. I tried a few and found the Arbequina style I was thinking of. Then I contrasted my selection with a tasting of the vinegars that lined the other side.The store uses a uniform pricing scale on its oils and vinegars which I found to be a little more than I was expecting, but the quality was apparent and the ability to taste things in advance was a great advantage. I left the store with two bottles to try  and I look forward to returning in the future as the customer service was first rate.
<review# 368,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2013,11/21/2013,37,84,,6,10>I love Halas, the store more than the restaurant.  I rarely eat in, but I shop at the store regularly.  Hala's seriously has the most fresh pita bread around.  Depending on my arrival time, I've gotten it still warm from the bakery.  Of note:  If you need pita bread around Thanksgiving or Christmas, call ahead and find out when the delivery is.  Arab households have pita, not crescent rolls.  You will see the line of women waiting for the bread delivery to buy 10 packs without blinking an eye.If you love hummus but are sometimes lazy like I am, they sell cans of premixed chickpeas and tahini.  Get the Cortas brand.  The Ziyad uses way too much lemon.  Don't forget the back of the store for spices, the big vats of olives, and the freezer section where you can find halal foods and frozen entrees.    My staples that I've been buying for years from Hala's are bread, spinach pies, olive oil, zaatar, lupini beans, bulgar wheat, roasted/salted pumpkin seeds, and date cookies. The store is family owned and has been around for years.  The employees are helpful and one even pulled some pita chips from the restaurant for me when I needed some to go with my hummus for a work potluck.
<review# 369,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2013,11/20/2013,512,73,9,15,13>ERRRRRRRR-MUH-GERSHHHHHHHH......Soooooo good! As far as dipped cones go in Jax....this place can't be touched. Pick your poison, they've got it all, ranging from cones, sundaes, floats, slushes, and an extensive variety of shake flavors (yes, I'll be back for that Nutella shake).  Now...I know all about the home location in the Riverside district (Post Street), and let me tell you...this location is just as good, if not better. Food: I knew I absolutely HAD to try the iconic dipped cone on my first visit to the Dreamette. But dang, between the ice cream flavors and the dips, it was so hard to choose! I mean, they have CAKE BATTER dip, Yeeps! Eventually I settled on the chocolate ice cream and toasted coconut dipped cone, and I was NOT disappointed in the least. I appreciate the drip guards that come on the cones, because without it, I would have been a complete MESS. YES, your cone will drip, Yeeps, but take an occasional sip out of the top of the guard, and you'll do just fine. The flakes of toasted coconut in the dip paired perfectly with the creaminess of the chocolatey ice cream, and I seriously couldn't have asked for a better combo. Atmosphere: Ok, so from what I've heard from my fellow Yeeps, the Post Street location is basically a shack with a window for ordering and a few benches. THIS location is a shop, complete with tables, chairs, and you order from the counter. They also accept credit cards here, while I believe the other location is cash only. It's very clean, and it's fun to watch them work their magic on the machines as your creation comes to life. Service: The lady (owner?) at the counter was very kind and patient, as I let her know I was a first-timer while scanning the menu board. She gave me the ins and outs of the ordering process, and talked about some of their most popular items and dipped cone combinations, and even some history on the Dreamette. VERY good service and great personality!The low down: This shop is tucked away in a shopping center in Mandarin (2-3 doors down from Dickey's BBQ) . They've been here about a year, and they only have about a third of the number of patrons as the Riverside location. With Mandarin having so many options for choice eats, I'm thinking that this Dreamette would be an IDEAL dessert spot to top off one's lunch or dinner. As a whole, it was the best ice cream experience that I've had in a very long time. Highly suggested for all of those in the area, SUPPORT your local eats, and a very deserving 5 stars for The Dreamette!
<review# 370,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2013,11/18/2013,307,776,2,6,3>This was my first Art Walk last night. It was really fun a little rain but that did not damping anything. There was a lot of vendors out with their wares. From art of every style to the really bazaar. I saw things like a dis-emboweled teddy bear to the paint by numbers drawings. They even had a few food trucks there. The high light was On The Fly and Corner Taco and JT's Coffee truck had the killer smoothies. There was bands at the Hemming Park Location and the Landing. The Firewater Tent Revival  was really good too. The Grand Father's didn't play for the rain. It was a really fun time with a lot to do specially walking you did a lot of walking and that's not really a bad thing. We all need it so maybe they should do this once a week. It is nice to see the downtown area full of people. Maybe downtown can make a big return. I'm willing to give it a shot.
<review# 371,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2013,11/17/2013,307,131,6,5,5>I come here because of the bread pudding. Oh man!  Awesome!  The sandwiches are good too. I've had the Philly cheese steak and roasted turkey.  Their sandwiches comes with one side and you can pick the bread pudding as a side item. Cheap too. If I'm not mistaken, their side only cost $1.95.      I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THE BREAD PUDDING! Please get the bread pudding!
<review# 372,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2013,11/16/2013,247,302,12,7,9>The Mathews bridge is long, strong, and down to get the friction on.I am not a native, so I am not sure who this bridge was named after. I like to think it was named for all of the collective Mathews from around Jacksonville, rather than one important Mathew. Unless, of course, that Mathew was a war hero, adult film star or astronaut. Functionally, it works pretty well. It takes you across the water without having to use a boat or swim, which is good for commuters.The next time I need to get from the sketchy part of downtown to the sketchy part of Arlington, I'm definitely hopping on the Mathews.The only downfall to this bridge, in my opinion, is that it sometimes gets hit by boats. Really big navy boats.
<review# 373,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2013,11/15/2013,115,88,4,10,5>My favorite lunch time/Hung over stop.I've tried a few of the Pho places around town, but none seem to compare to Pho Today, in service and food quality. I have to be honest, I always get the same thing when I go to a Pho place. Here it's the P1, but other places it could be any variety of letter + number. I basically go for the one with everything in it. The reason I believe Pho Today does it better than other places is you get what you ask for. When I order the rare steak, it's rare. Other places give it to you pre cooked. The tendon isn't small. Neither is the tripe. And here, you actually get meat balls, as opposed to having to order them separately. If you've read my other reviews, I've described myself as a standard white guy. Most standard white guys would be turned off by some of the things here, and in turn, the staff wouldn't have experience dealing with the standard white guy. Pho Today does. They understand the struggle when you've added too much sirachi or when you ate the raw jalapeno cause it didn't look that spicy. They keep your glass full is what I'm getting at. Last time, the guy even referred to me as bro! How nice.Another thing I've noticed is the prices are a dollar cheaper here. Ex: Large's normally run $9.99 elsewhere, here it's $8.99. I know it's only a dollar but when there are so few things separating these places it's nice to know where you can save some money.4/5 always willing to get Pho'k up.
<review# 374,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2013,11/14/2013,96,161,3,3,3>Mmmmm.. I gotta say that was good! Typical Mexican joint with the numbered menu. There was 4 of us and it was a pretty empty place. We were seated right away and got our drinks quik.I got 2 tacos and a chili con queso. It came out really fast and hot. While we waited they kept the chips and salsa full. I like the salsa. Could be a little hotter but it was tasty and fresh. Its hard for me to judge the cost because i got a discount (cant tell ya how) but the prices seemed reasonable. Not sure how the weekday crowd is but the service and food was excellent. Ill def go back!
<review# 375,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2013,11/13/2013,45,133,2,3,2>Growing up we visited every zoo in every area that we lived.  Dad was in the military so we moved often.  I remember coming to this zoo as a kid and several more times as an adult.  It's not just a place to bring the kids, it is actually a pretty cool date night for those of you out there that have a person to go on a  'date' with!!!The cost to get in is a little pricey in my book.  You pay one price to get in, another price to ride the train, another price to feed the giraffe, another price to feed the birds... you may as well keep your pocket book open!It is pretty clean though... I mean you can't help those people that think it's there job to litter. Just pick up an extra piece of garbage when you throw yours away!I visited over the summer with my grandkids and we didn't get to see everything.  Mostly because there was some kind of summer special going on that included blow up things and water!  The kids had a good time on those.  and then the snow!  Yes, I said snow!  It was actually ice but they called it snow.  and that was fun too.  Cold but fun.  It started raining and suddenly our day was over.  Of course, that was no fault of the zoo!This time we were able to see everything, which was cool.  I hope to take my grandson back when he visits in November.  I am sure he will love to see what we didn't get to over the summer.All in all, it is a fantastic place to visit.  Whether it be a family trip or a date!  Heck, if you're single... grab your friends!
<review# 376,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/31/2013,11/12/2013,8,46,2,3,2>I had the drunken noodle (pad kee mao), wife had pad thai. Yes, I know, not the most obscure Thai dishes, but a staple and should be done right. It was, we enjoyed it quite thoroughly. Very attentive and friendly wait staff. The head cook is Thai (hopefully that means authenticity guaranteed???). In summary, not the most amazing Thai food I've ever had (I would be surprised if it was, being that this is Mandarin and not Los Angeles) but definitely good enough that I'll certainly be back.
<review# 377,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2013,11/11/2013,180,254,6,10,4>Authentic ethnic eats (despite the "hamburgers," etc. painted on the window). Since Queen of Sheba closed on Atlantic I was sad that there were no Ethiopian options. Alas, Nile!Very random location down Powers off University and Philips in a shopping center with a quick mart and laundromat, but the restaurant itself had ample seating and was clean. The server looked surprised to see the three of us (6:35 on a Tuesday evening). We were the only occupants the entire meal. We ordered three items including the veggie combo plate which came with five items. The traditional spongy flat "bread," injera is served underneath your items, and rolled up in a basket with the items. You unroll it, tear a piece, then proceed to use your fingers to scoop up a pinch of food. It's interesting. I had to ask for napkins as I felt I was making too much of a mess. Tip: come with a group, so you can order and share. It takes time as I think there's only one woman in the back cooking (she came out once) and one waiter.
<review# 378,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2013,11/10/2013,40,82,3,5,3>I am so glad I decided to wake up super early one morning on a Saturday and run over to metro. You must be there by 8-815 if u don't want a horribly long wait and must be willing to sit at the first available spot lol. Come with an appetite bc the portions are astronomical. Take half of it home or share with a friend.  I've so far been a few times, and brought my very pregnant sister and brother in law here , my dad and mom are next! I just love sharing the cities food with people new to town! Try the yo challa on the square, try the special pancakes...I've had lemon soufflé (the best by far when they have it!) and the sweet potato ones. The s.o. always get the chicken and waffles with a side of home fries. The biscuits and gravy are great. The flavored teas...heavenly like the flavored coffees. Do this . Put this place on your bucket list, but be patient!
<review# 379,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2013,11/9/2013,62,56,2,4,2>Don't get it twisted, if you're looking for Chicago style pizza, this isn't it. What they do have is some of the best deep dish pizza any Jacksonville franchise had to offer. While this is a chain restaurant, it's currently the only one in Jax, and it's our go to spot for pie. The free flavored crusts are good, but depending on the type of pizza, it may throw off the flavors a bit. Once again, getting your pizza deep dish is a must, the regular round pizzas aren't as memorable or tasty.
<review# 380,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2013,11/8/2013,245,83,5,3,5>My friend and I have been on a Chipotle diet for the last two weeks. Gym, Chipotle, Gym, Chipotle! Those burrito bowls are serious! So, we get out of the gym and I go what's the plan? My friend says what you think? I tell him what do you think I'm thinking? hahahh he says NOOOOOOOOOO and also something about puking hahah. MY friend brings up Orange Buffet. I've heard some good things about this place, but I tend to stay away from buffets unless I'm in Vegas., but He said the lunch special was only $6.99 and Hibachi is included. He had me at Hibachi! Its about as clean as it gets inside. The Hibachi is legit. You pile your plate with all the stuff you want and the chef fires it up. I went with 3 eggs(egg whites only cause I'm watching my figure hahah ), chicken, shrimp, noodles, and teriyaki sauce. A simple concoction, but so nice I got it twice. The green beans were snappy and seasoned perfectly, the Honey Chicken didn't really have good chunks of meat, but I fished the big boys out and was happy with the result. The vegetable medley with broccoli was about as good as it gets. The buffet also comes with Ice Cream and tons of small cakes. My friend literally got 7 scoops of ice cream and every little dessert he fit around it. I was so full from eating and plus I'm watching my figure, so I opted for a scoop of the Banana Cream Pie with Vanilla Wafers. You can't really mess up Banana Cream Pie...it hit the spot. In conclusion, for a lunch special that gives you Hibachi, good Chinese food, and desserts on desserts you can't beat it!
<review# 381,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2013,11/7/2013,227,252,2,5,3>I haven't been to Julie's Café in years. I grew up in the Mandarin area so I used to stop in for lunch occasionally, but then I moved to another side of town so coming by for lunch just wasn't an option. Luckily I am back in the Mandarin area for work now so they will definitely be seeing my face more often. This morning I was in the mood to stop somewhere for a quick breakfast but not fast food and while I was searching my brain of stuff in the area I was coming up short until I suddenly remembered the cute like café that I hadn't seen in years. As soon as I walked in I was quickly reminded of why Julie's is so great. There is this warm and inviting feeling when you walk in the door. This family owned and operated café smelled like bacon and all the other breakfast foods that make your mouth water. For breakfast I had the 2 egg pita sandwich with tomato and swiss. It was delicious. I will definitely be back to Julie's café soon....their chicken salad pita is one of my favorites....and I urge others to stop in soon as well.
<review# 382,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2013,11/6/2013,20,51,,9,4>Definitely my new place to hit for a mani and pedi. The gel here lasts for 3 weeks, and they are able to do cute intricate designs without charging you outrageous amounts. For my wedding I got light pink gel with each pointer finger with an acrylic 3D flower design. It came out beautiful, I got so many compliments and they only charged me for a regular gel mani. On my most recent visit I got another gel mani with a gold glitter ombre on each nail. I've been to other salons before where I would request special designs and they would charge an extra amount for EACH finger with the design. Ridic. Bella Diva has reasonable prices and they do a great job with both manicures and pedicures. They do get pretty busy though, so make an appointment if you have a big group.
<review# 383,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2013,11/5/2013,213,102,4,6,7>AlRight this place seriously is a hidden gem a hidden idol the lost Atlantis! It was beyond delicious holy cow! Now that we have that done hehe. It's located right off blanding in the corner of the shopping center of Marshall's so it's tucked away but it's there! We always get there right after church so usually the only ones but believe me when everyone's outta church it's a small nice crowd. Keeps em busy !(: I had the chicken Parmesan sandwich and when she asks small or large. Trust me the small is you what you want unless your a man who eats the whole cow hahah so to speak. It's alittle messy but not to bad and a tad mushy but don't think it's not good. I had a tummy ache but soon as I but into this I felt Alive lol!!!! I ate the whole half of my large. ( save the other half later ) the French fries were amazing and the Baklava is to die for. My dad and mom go two types of gyros. Open faced which the mini pitaas come separate and you kind of put the meat on yourself and my mom got the GINORMOUS ( not kidding ) wrapped gyro. I've tried both and I loved em! The potato salad is on point too. Not to much of one ingrident. It's a simple decor though with pictures of Greece and a small mural or Greece. The staff is beyond friendly and let mileigh cause chaos -_- yep I've finally become a parent where people are looking at you like you can tell your toddler what to do. Nope vice versa! Haha. It was fast friendly service and I always look forward to eating here ! I highly recommend this !
<review# 384,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2013,11/4/2013,54,83,4,10,3>Lindsay L, I totally concur with your "thrift shoppe" remark :-) Oh, and they were playing Beauty & the Beast when I went...guess they are fans of Disney :-)This is by no means the yard-sale-with-a-roof that you'd expect to come across. Absolutely nothing fancy about this store or it's location (a hollowed out shopping center that's holding on for dear life) but it's the principle that makes this place so awesome; everything is very organized, color-coordinated and best of all CLEAN! The moment I walked in, I was like "Ok, this is gonna be great" lol I tripped and fell into a conversation with one of the staff; she was oh-so friendly and more than happy to assist me. In our chat, I sparked her interest in Yelp (she asked how I found out about the place) and was in awe of the fact that a website like this exists! Yay :-)They have a great furniture selection; I fell in love with one of their vintage sofas...big enough for my 6ft frame to stretch out comfortably, clean and plush with no visible wear and tear: $175!!!! Also very convenient how they have the furniture set up so that it'd be easier for you to imagine what it'd look like in your place...definitely not the norm for a thrift store!This lil hidden gem is a bit of a drive for me but it's definitely worth the gas and oh-so easy on my pockets! If you ever find yourself on Beach Blvd, do yourself a favor and stop by...you won't regret it :-)
<review# 385,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2013,11/3/2013,180,303,,3,2>I swung into Johnny's real quick a few weeks ago to grab some breakfast on the way to my internship. I had been passing this place for awhile, and as a born and raised New Englander, I can't ever pass up a family owned and operated deli. When I walked in, the place was empty as it was just a bit past the morning rush. The lone gentleman working the register and the grill was really nice and welcoming. I ordered a BLT to go. It seemed to take a little longer than I thought to make my BLT, but luckily, I really wasn't in a rush. I'm not sure if this goes for every order, but I was given a large drink to go with my $3 sandwich. No extra charge. So I filled my drink, got my sandwich, and headed for my internship. Upon arriving, I unwrapped my sandwich to eat half (as I saved the other for later on in the day) and I was surprised to find it just completely loaded with bacon. I know how delis are in New England, and most here in Florida, and they are usually pretty stingy with bacon. Not Johnny's. I'm one of those "more bacon, the merrier" kind of people. Definite good surprise there.
<review# 386,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2013,11/2/2013,94,79,,4,3>Si Senor Fresh Mex offers a somewhat modern twist on traditional Mexican cuisine. Upon entering, I wasn't overly impressed by the decor/ambiance, but it seemed clean and busy, which is always a good sign. You order your food at the counter when you walk in and they bring it to you within minutes. Seriously..... it only took us about 5 minutes to get out food! I ordered the Mexican tacos which were corn tortillas, carne asada, onions & cilantro. They were simple and delicious. We also had the guacamole which was super fresh with large chunks of avocado in it. They have a salsa & toppings bar with tomatillo, hot/med/mild salsa, fresh onions/jalepenos, etc. Others at my table enjoyed the California burrito & the American tacos. Everyone was satisfied. They also offer 2-4-1 Margs & beers. Great deal & good food.
<review# 387,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2013,11/1/2013,55,143,,5,2>Potter's House Soul Food Bistro, how did you open right down the street and I never knew? Your macaroni and cheese and crispy fried chicken could have been in my belly months ago.Last night it was rainy, gross and we were rushed, all good excuses for not cooking. Lo and behold we are driving home when I spot a restaurant in the old O'Charlies location AND, it says Soul Food. Upon closer inspection, it says Potter's House! I always wanted to try the original location and had no idea this location at the corner of Atlantic and Kernan was open.We were very warmly welcomed when we came through the door and the cafeteria style dining was explained. The kiddos were happy that there was a face painter available. I decided on the fried chicken with mac & cheese and collards. Chicken was crispy and juicy without too much grease, mac & cheese was the best I've had in Jax, greens were good but not as good as the ones at Mojos. I was happy to see they had the vinegar with peppers I like and hot sauce available for the greens. Hubs had the chicken too with broccoli and mashed potatoes, he was happy. Kiddos had what else? Chicken tenders with fries. Once we were seated a server greeted us and checked on us throughout our meal. Super friendly and helpful. My only complaint was the really small plastic silverware, I would have preferred more substantial plasticware or real metal. Otherwise Potters House is a hit!
<review# 388,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2013,10/31/2013,14,13,,3,2>This was a great place.  Probably the best scallops I have ever eaten in my life.  Our waiter was phenomenal, he did not miss a beat.  You'll have to make reservations to eat here and expect at least a $100 tab for two people but totally worth it.  I will be back.
<review# 389,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2013,10/30/2013,179,106,9,12,8>I am SO impressed by the décor of the Blind Rabbit and how well they did hiding the fact that it used to be a Dick's Wings. This is the trendy place Jax Beach needed. I came here the other night with a girlfriend of mine for some drinks but we ended up eating (surprise, surprise) and had only 1 drink! Weird, I know. Our server, whose name I just do not remember, seemed really excited for us to be there and was really informative about the menu style and our options. My friend and I are that type of table that just talk too, too much so we can never make decisions about anything we want to order. Our server, (insert name here) basically chose everything for us- drink, app, meal. She got the Drunken Rabbit which was so tasty and refreshing while I had the Bacon and Bourbon- which, mind you, was exactly as the name says: Bacon. And. Bour. Bon. Great bourbon but make sure you eat your bacon before it eventually disintegrates into your drink.. eek. Bacon and Corn Croquettes were a wonderful start to our gossip hour. Perfectly soft inside, light crunch on the outside breading sitting on a bed of corn and avocado. We decided to split the Southern Burger and good thing we did! This thing was too big for us to finish on our own. This burger was probably the best burger I've ever had. Literally. The best. The meat melted in my mouth around the mixture of the fried green tomato and pimento cheese. What's better than the burger and toppings? The bun! Thank you for having a bun to match the meat. This place basically prides itself on the burgers, whiskey, and moonshine ($10 moonshine flights on Mondays if anyone is trying to get crazy!) and they do a great job all around. With bar, high top, and booth seating you'll be sure to get comfortable and hang out for a few hours. Please try this place out, you'll be so happy you did!
<review# 390,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2013,10/29/2013,170,138,5,7,6>My parents came here once before I moved to town and sang it's praises, but always told me it was really expensive, so I put off going there until I was really able to afford this lavish trip. Then I decided, what the hey and planned my first trip to Latitude 30 as a surprise birthday party for my awesome boyfriend. I didn't do the catered VIP type of thing, just a simple phone call-text-message to a few close friends and asked them to join me in celebrating his birthday with some bowling that I would pay for at least one game, some cake and some video games. So the time and place were set. Everyone who was going to come RSVP'd. It was a party, y'all. The drinks were strong. The beer was cold. The shots were poured and we had a party. Sure the drinks can get pricey if you like to drink a lot, but it is well worth it if you get a decent bartender. The bowling alley actually has their own wait staff, so if the kitchen is still open and you get the munchies you can get lane-side service as you're bowling with your friends! How cool is that?! Yes, that also includes all your drinks, too. So you get the same full service at the bowling lanes while having fun without the fuss of choosing one or the other! The chairs where you can lounge around with your friends as you bowl are made to look luxurious and they are still so comfortable. I have never been good at bowling so when I get a couple of gutter balls it's nice to sit somewhere comfortable to sulk in my sorrow. On one occasion we had an issue with the pins resetting each time we bowled, so we were given time to almost finish our original hour and then given a free hour at a new lane courtesy of the management. This was a top-notch deal and we were glad they allowed us to play another hour due to the technical difficulties. I haven't had any of the food there except for the Chocolate Chip Cookie Dream. That is one dessert to absolutely swoon for. It's almost a cookie loaf, brought to you in a small loaf dish, covered with vanilla ice cream, whipped cream, a mint leaf and a strawberry. Chocolate sauce drizzled all over the plate and confection. The cookie was absolutely buttery and soft and just so so bad for my diet, but it was so worth the indulgent taste of the cold ice cream against the warm cookie... and the smooth whipped cream.... *drool* OK, I'm back sorry. But it was some good dessert and I tell, I implore you, to try it next time you're in there for any reason. The price is $6.99 and with tax and tip, that was definitely the most delicious and expensive dessert for $10 bucks you'll eat a bowling alley. I guess they have to make up for the cost of their fancy leather couches. Hah! All in all, definitely a great atmosphere for kids, adults and anyone in between. They have other features there, such as the arcade which could maybe use a few more games and definitely an upgrade on their DDR, but still fun for anyone who enjoys some video games. Check it out. Love it. Try the cookie. ;)
<review# 391,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2013,10/28/2013,14,14,3,2,2>My boyfriend and I typically frequent Tama's in Atlantic Beach for our sushi dates. But after our visit to Kamiya 86, that will change. This place is great! The staff was friendly. The decor is cool. We like to sit at the sushi bar. I had a mango basil tini. It was delicious and served in an interesting glass. We tried the Kamiya roll and the yummy roll. Both were delicious! We were very impressed. For two rolls, a liquor drink, and beer it was around $40. For the quality of seafood, the price is definitely worth it! We will be back!
<review# 392,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2013,10/26/2013,67,297,,6,3>Took my wife here for lunch today on the advice of one of her co-workers. I'm so glad that we went there, the place was that good. The place was very clean and the staff spoke accented but nearly flawless English. I ordered the #17 lunch special (steak burrito) and my wife had the #2 lunch special (beef burrito,) both were very good. The rice and re-fried beans were very tasty and hot, the Mexican salad with a dollop of sour cream and guacamole was very fresh. The total cost of our meal with 2 iced teas was $15.25 a real bargain for what we received. Lupita's is located in the old University Diner building 1/4 mile north of Arlington Expressway on University Blvd N.I highly recommend Lupita's Mexican to anyone who wants good Tex-Mex food, at a good price.
<review# 393,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2013,10/25/2013,59,62,2,5,5>I had bookmarked this place to try a couple of weeks back and finally got the chance tonight.  It is a bit of a haul from my house but it was a nice quiet evening out with my friend to talk and eat.The menu is very simple and limited but in a good way.  A way that everything is crafted with care and attended to delight your tastebuds.  More is less and it is great here.Pork Belly Sticks.  So amazing.  Perfectly roasted - not to tough, not to raw.  And just a small piece of apple to give it a different spin.  I could have made a meal out of a couple plates of that.My friend had the ahi tuna and i had the ribeye.  It is so hard to find a decent steak in this town that doesn't cost over $50 and finally, I might have found one.  Just add a little spinach and shallots on top and again, simple but perfect.The wine and beer list is limited but that is okay for the evening we had.  They are not looking for a big bar scene. The atmosphere is intimate and quiet.  The outdoors needs a little work but we had a lovely evening outside, quiet and no bugs to mess with.Honestly, I do not have a bad word to say about the place.  It is so weird to me how a place could have such a simple menu and yet I am overwhelmed with what exactly to have because it all sounds so delicious.
<review# 394,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2013,10/24/2013,40,80,2,2,3>Wonderful selection and great help!  Stopped in and asked for the brewer and type, and they had it!  Prices were fair and the number of beers available was extensive.  Recommended for beer enthusiasts and everyone else curious about microbrews.
<review# 395,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2013,10/23/2013,27,7,2,3,2>We have orders the breakfast wraps twice for employee meetings in the past month.  Trying to make everyone happy isn't always easy.  But I have finally found a place that everyone loves.  The food is so fresh and tasty. My favorite is the ham, egg, and cheese wrap.  I highly recommend.  I read several other reviews saying they worry they will not make it.  I hope that's not true.  Great food at a fair price is hard to find.  It's not 5 star white table cloth dining.  I prefer to go,  I go to this place for the great food.  Not the  ambience.
<review# 396,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2013,10/22/2013,23,43,4,4,3>Finally I found a bagel shop that reminds me of my beloved NY bagels. When I first moved down here I thought einsteins was the only choice and I was so disappointed. Luckily, I found bagel love.The staff is very nice and the prices are reasonable. Lots of bagels and cream cheeses to choose from. The bagels are good and their horsey bacon (horseradish) cream cheese was really yummy. They have eggs sandwiches here too. The only thing missing are kosher items, black and white cookies, and housewives gossiping over egg whites with spinach. Either way this is definitely my go to when I have to have a bagel!
<review# 397,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2013,10/21/2013,79,94,2,2,2>We recently went to this PV favorite for a friend's birthday and it was quite delightful. Although the loud and cramped environment did not prove well for a large party and flowing conversation, the food was amazing and the service was on par. As their name suggests, there are quite a few seafood selections on the menu and PVFC makes it their own by adding a southern twist.I started out with the Fried Green Tomatoes appetizer served with goat cheese, a yummy and simple classic. My entree was a special, mahi served with collards and grits. If that isn't southern, I don't know what is! I am still thinking about those grits, so creamy and the perfect complement to the rest of the dish. You will definitely see me back here, they can't keep me away!
<review# 398,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2013,10/20/2013,181,120,6,7,6>Underbelly is a hipster Pee-Wee's playhouse crossed with The Country Bear Jamboree. This live music venue and bar is, "The perfect place for a single guy to find a manic pixie girl" according to my husband. And while the PBR might be on sale for $3 and turn-of-the-century mustaches are present on every man, this place does NOT scream, "Hipsters only! Turn back ye non skinny jean wearing folk!"  In fact, Underbelly is quite alluring with the doors thrown wide open with music pouring out onto the street as a warm invitation to come inside. Indeed, the seating arrangement  is planned to encourage closeness as guests drink beer and bond with others while listening to the live music. We attended during One Spark's "after hours party" and stumbled upon Fjord Explorers music while walking along the sidewalk. I am a sucker for anything Cello so we stuck around and I soaked up the personality of the bar. Underbelly is a feast for the eyes! The juxtaposition of the candelabra hanging next to the silhouetted human target practice sheets makes an interesting combination as you head towards the bathroom. I also love the giant patina butterflies lightly kissing  the wooden shingled columns by the bar. The price of the beer range from $4-6 and they have Angry Orchard on tap as well as some local breweries. I was happy to see the delicious "summer beer" Oberon also available! Underbelly is my favorite music hall in Jacksonville and I highly recommend spending some time getting your senses stimulated with or without skinny jeans.
<review# 399,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2013,10/19/2013,21,16,,3,2>This has been my go-to for Italian/Mediterranean food in the Southside/Mandarin area since it opened.Every dish I've had has been exceptional, especially the Italian dishes. I'd never heard of half of the dishes my first time coming here as my experience with Italian was pretty much limited to Olive Garden. Seriously, the variety here is amazing. No matter what mood I'm in, I'm always able to find something I love.I'm split down the middle on the atmosphere of the place, as it's completely set up as a date spot. There's a rose on each table and most nights they have someone playing some light piano in the background. Very romantic, but feels very odd if I just want to stop in for a quick lunch or some good food on my own. There's a very small bar area though which I'll probably spend my solo outings at.One of the things that always pleases me is how affordable it is for very high quality food, and plenty of it! I always suggest the shrimp dishes to people because they are some GIANT shrimp!Kind of sad it's always pretty empty in there for dinner though.
<review# 400,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2013,10/18/2013,23,79,1,8,2>Well when looking for good Greek food around Jax this is the place to go. I have been here a couple of times before writing this review, which I feel is appropriate. I have a pretty high standard for Gyros and Tampa, FL has one of my favorite places, thus making my decisions to try it a few times before reviewing a decent idea. I am so glad that I gave this place more than just the first chance. The gyros here a pretty good. The tsazki sauce that they put on they're gyros and give you to dip your Greek fries in is nice and thick. The ratio of beef to lamb is 70/30, not bad, but maybe that's why it took me a couple of times to really enjoy the taste. Honestly very very good though, still highly recommend. The Greek fries are amazing. I have no idea what the seasoning is but just wow is my flat answer. Definitely get those. Overall very good/amazing place. Go go go!
<review# 401,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2013,10/17/2013,30,43,2,6,3>I'll just add my vote to all the others who recognize what a great little hole in the wall this place is.  I stop in occasionally for lunch, since its close to work and it is consistently full of people and delivers high quality food with attentive service.  Since chowder is in the name, you should definitely have a saucepan of chowder (yep, that's how they serve it).  Shrimp, clams, tomatoes, veggies, great broth with a little kick.  On my most recent visit, I had the special of the day - blackened tuna steak over mesculun greens.  Very, very nice sushi grade tuna blackened / medium rare and tender inside..
<review# 402,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2013,10/16/2013,116,119,6,12,6>You do NOT want to go here!!! It's too good for your own good!!! LOL I'm so excited to see that the co-owners of Safe Harbor opened up their own restaurant close to me!!! (Yes, they did it just for me lol Jk). I have to restrain myself because I can easily spend a lot of money in their restaurant or on their FRESH seafood. So far, we've had:- crab cakes: one is all you need! Big and stuffed and perfectly fried :)- fried fish: perfectly fried and not greasy... how do they do it?!- fried shrimp: big shrimp!!- fried calamari: yummy!!!- fried oysters: yes!!! LOVE- hush puppies: perfect!!- coleslaw: never liked coleslaw like this before!Ok I'm a fan, especially of the 2-basket meal, which comes with 2 choices of seafood, fries, and coleslaw. You can sub the sides for an additional cost, but I'm a sucker for those fries! You can also order a la carte. Or you can buy the seafood yourself and create a meal at home -- mMmmm seafood boil :)Next, y'all know how important it is for me to leave a restaurant NOT smelling like the restaurant and food I ate. They have great ventilation :) There's a window looking into the prep area and kitchen. The team takes care to keep the areas clean and sanitary as much as possible :)Finally, the seating is a problem. Think French Pantry. I betcha there'd be a line outside if they limited their service hours!!! Good news is that they do plan to expand their seating space, so hopefully they'll have that done soon. Ok now what are you waiting for? Go enjoy!!! :)
<review# 403,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2013,10/15/2013,19,11,1,1,2>Best callimari!  This is a wonderful family owned and run restaurant specializing in Greek and Italian food.  There were so many things on the menu that my wife and I wanted to try that we were stuffed and had lots to bring home.  We ate the hummus, cheese flambe', and callimari for appetizers.  The callimari was not chewy at all and the batter was light and not heavy with grease.  They served it with a white sauce that was a refreshing change from marinara.For entrees we had the Greek Combo with grape leaves, spinach and feta stuffed filo, and an eggplant, meat and potato item.  Sorry I don't remember the Greek names for the dishes - but I remember that they all tasted fresh and delicious!  We also had a special that was seafood and pasta with a white sauce.  I'm looking forward to the leftovers because I didn't have room to do more than eat a scallop - but the scallop was tender and perfectly cooked.This is definitely a new favorite restaurant that I will come back to regularly.
<review# 404,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2013,10/14/2013,62,242,3,5,5>What a gem! There is shelf after shelf of various wares from all sorts of different sellers catering to all sorts of eras, collections, and themes. Stopped by here after lunch in the area to see if we could find some furniture and walked out with more than we had thought we would. A bedside table, a basset hound statue, and a vintage opal ring (50% off!). The ring didn't seem to be an anomaly, several booths were offering different sales on different items.The women on staff were very courteous and patient with us as we looked through the jewelry case, even though the place was packed. They maintained their cool and even joked a little with my husband and I throughout our shopping escapade. A++
<review# 405,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2013,10/13/2013,189,231,,4,2>Best sushi in Southside! I have been here at least once a week since last month. Their rolls are expertly prepared and the fish is super fresh. I always order the miso soup and the fried wontons to start. The wontons are always crispy and hot! While the miso never disappoints. I usually get about 3-4 rolls to share with another friend. The spicy tuna and salmon are a must! You should also try the crystal roll (my personal favorite) and the EST. The only downside is that service is either a hit or a miss. The servers tend to completely forget about you or they smother you uncontrollably. Either way, don't let that stand in your way of sushi heaven.
<review# 406,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2013,10/12/2013,179,583,3,8,3>Salsa music, football and cigars - I've found the mother load. I'm in heaven here. Walking in we were debating drinking outside on one of the comfy looking couches. After we enter we decide to split inside in different directions. The main room - Large selection of premium cigars. But limited in flavored cigars. Sit back and enjoyed preseason games over several big screen tvs throughout the room and enjoy  drinks in comfortable leather chairs , while music streamed throughout the room. To the right there is a door that leads to another room streaming salsa music. With no smoking :-)(updated 7/21/2014)Happy Hour  4-7pmMonday - Friday1/2 Price on Select Drinks, Appetizers and Cigars in main roomMonday - $15 Hookah in main roomFriday - $10 Cover Complementary dance lesson from 9:00-10:00 pm (sometimes) Ladies drink free from 9pm - 11pm, Guys get a free shot of tequila at the bar (If you see me ask for a dance)Saturday - South Beach Saturdays (but still closes at 2am) Sunday - *Sometimes* complimentary 1 hour Salsa/Bachata/Kizumba dance lesson followed by DJ Clave spinning til midnight. Watch out for the ice bar. And ask for dessert - one of the servers is testing out new desserts and everything is great. Staff was sexy, extremely friendly, attentive, and great dancers :-)
<review# 407,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/3/2013,10/11/2013,64,181,,5,2>My son and his South Korean girlfriend took us here for dinner when he came home from being stationed over there. We had the BBQ chicken, bulgogi and spicy pork.The inside of the restaurant was clean and smelled great. The waitress was very friendly and helpful, especially after she realized we had a native Korean with us. This was our first time eating Korean food and we found it all delicious, including the complimentary condiments (ranging from tart to spicy). My son's girlfriend said it was all pretty much traditional, but she did say it was strangely sweet to her taste buds and she surmised that the recipes might have been altered to conform more to American tastes.I was a bit shocked at the price and the large amount of food served. It wasn't until afterwards that our friend told us that most of the dinners were portioned for 2 people, not just one. Oops. I enjoyed it enough to go again, but will be ordering smarter next time.
<review# 408,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2013,10/10/2013,122,98,4,7,7>Finally, some real food in Jacksonville. Thank you San Marco, thank you thank you!Alright, this place wasn't THAT great, but after weeks of chain restaurants and terrible sushi, i can't help but to be excited about a REAL restaurant.I came here after finding out about Matthews, BBs and all the other places in San Marco's dining district, and I couldn't help but to go ASAP.I went with the boyfriend and I already knew what I wanted: French Onion Soup and Lobster Roll. He got the Calamari Salad and Soft Shell Crab entree (it was a special that night).So happy.My french onion soup was pretty interesting because it was thick and creamy versus the typical brown broth. Definitely sided more on the "cheese soup" category than a french onion soup, but I still loved it (and was pretty filled up after). Definitely a lot of flavor, but also full of butter and fat, i'm sure.My lobster roll was small, but fresh and very light and tasty (just want I needed after that thick, cheesy soup!). Eric's salad was great, had a lot of calamari (I love fried calamari), so it really was a good balance of fried goodness and fresh (almost) guilt free veggies. His soft shell crab was definitely the star of the night. The crunchy exterior with the warm decadent interior is always the best combo. The flavors were exquisite and he devours it in 5 minutes. literally. I had a great time here, and am very excited to try more things on the menu!
<review# 409,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2013,10/9/2013,783,779,6,14,11>The taffy class is definitely worth it! We got the special through Living Social and it not only included the Taffy class, but we all got a free scoop of their delicious ice cream as well. For the class, they basically do the presentation and explain their steps as they do them. They cook the ingredients and ask the class what flavor they would like. We picked key lime as our flavor, although they say cherry and grape are better flavors. I actually am glad the class decided on key lime. So much tastier! After the flavor is added, the candymaker pours the liquid mixture to cool on an oiled marble table. They flip the mixture a few times. As it cools and thickens into a playdough-ish texture and air gets trapped inside, the candy changes color from a deep dark blue tint to a much paler blue tint. Soon it is time to pull the taffy. The candymaker used a hook, but you can use your hands, too. This is where the fun part begins. Everyone got a chance to pull their own taffy. It gets sticky so you have to oil up your hands. You pull and stick it back together, then pull again. This helps pump more air into the candy. Then when you are done, we were instructed to roll it into a snake form and the candymaker cut it up with the scissors into bite size pieces. Then you wrap your own taffy and voila! I've taken their cherry cordial class at the MOSH when they offered it there, and that was another great class from Sweet Pete's. As for taffy class, it was another wonderful experience! I will have to try their lollipop class next time.
<review# 410,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2013,10/8/2013,100,223,6,8,6>How did I just discover this restaurant?? I've been to other Indian restaurants in the area, but I missed this one!! Whatt!!?? Flavors is a hidden gem, located on baymeadows next to pattaya thai, behind the rival indian restaurant 5th element. Flavors lives up to its name! Their meal was very flavorful and prices here are very decent. I had their chicken tikka masalla.. It was spiced and flavored to perfection. To top it off I ordered their garlic naan, which was also very good! It was topped with a lot of garlic, so have some mint with you for after dinner! Unless of course you want to scare away them vampires at night! Service is here was top-notch. They made sure everything came out ok, and made sure our dinner service was enjoyable. Flavors is definately worth the try if you are craving Indian. This and India house down the road gets a two thumbs up.
<review# 411,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2013,10/7/2013,110,135,4,5,6>Ever wish you were in the 30's doin' something illegal? G&GX is your place. This concept still makes me angry I didn't think of it first - an awesome package store with a bar in the front of the building run by whatever bottles of liquor they feel like opening (you'll usually not get the same thing you got on your last visit) with a speakeasy/parlor in the back of the establishment. When the owner invites you back to the parlor (which is often), you get to enter through a "hidden" bookshelf door. ...I know, right?!The live bands they have playing in the parlor are always on point. Usually jazz/blues. I've never been disappointed. I recommend a moscow mule if you're into that sort of thing (which I am).
<review# 412,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2013,10/6/2013,63,49,2,3,3>This little Hidden Gem is tucked in the 5 Points part of Riverside and if you haven't found a great spot in the area for breakfast, well search no longer!!! Made to order EVERYTHING, Breakfast specials come with drink and a smile from the staff!! They are only open for Breakfast and Lunch and they have Humus and Tabbouleh for all of you Mediterranean lovers!!They are generally interested in your feedback on your meal!
<review# 413,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2013,10/5/2013,178,91,2,3,3>First of all, the best food you will ever eat in Jacksonville! 5 star cuisine with a casual atmosphere. Customer service was superb! We had to order what everyone in Yelp was talking about - the Polenta stixx! So divine!!!  We had to ask if it was gluten free- they made it so for us! If you are gluten free you found the right place - they went out of their way to go gluten free for us without sacrificing the amazing flavor of the dishes! Our waiter was so polite and the wait staff from the host to chefs were top notch! Our Angus beef Braveheart steaks was cooked to perfection! You will get more than you pay for - highly recommend this place! And the best desserts - the flour less Rocky road chocolate cake also gluten free - heavenly!
<review# 414,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2013,10/4/2013,112,77,5,4,2>Fabulous ! And it's drive thru too . I know this a bbq joint but you must try the wings , they're delicious . The pork sandwich is very good as well . The fried okra is out of this world . This place is a nice quick lunch stop with good eats .
<review# 415,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2013,10/3/2013,9,17,1,3,3>The buffet is the way to go. Best $12 I've ever spent! They have salads, hummus, pita bread, and yummy entrees. My favorites are the creamy chicken (soooo flavorful), grilled veggies, falafel, and chicken meatballs. The food it's delicious! They do offer hookah but I don't smoke so I wouldn't know about that. Service is good and wait is very minimal. Doesn't look like much here but I'll find myself craving their food. Baklava is divine but the other desserts look store bought. Only time it's packed is sundown during Ramadan, just a heads up. Would highly recommend this place.
<review# 416,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2013,10/2/2013,295,309,,1,1>First trip the Big Buddah's. Everything thing we had was really good. The tom kha soups was really memorable, as was the masaman curry. We. Also had the pad Thai noodles... It came cover in a fried egg... Different and very good. We also enjoyed the sticky rice with mango.I can't wait to go back!
<review# 417,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2013,10/1/2013,38,176,2,3,3>Wow! I really like this place. Do not let the facade fool u... Angela met me...Smiled and how unusual is that these days. You feel like u have come home to my italian family for fresh and wonder meal. No i am not italian but for this 45 mins I was. Mangia! Thank u Tonino & Angela for a wonderful meal and friendly welcome.
<review# 418,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2013,9/30/2013,17,25,,2,>Very small, very charming! I've been eating here regularly for quite a while now, and have never been even remotely disappointed. The food is fantastic, definitely the best pad thai in Jacksonville, in my opinion! The servers are always exceptionally sweet and attentive. They have recently opened up the second half of the restaurant; I love the decor and atmosphere!One small complaint, and something for new customers to be aware of. When you ask for water, they will automatically bring you a bottled water. If you want that free cup of tap water, make sure you specify.
<review# 419,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2013,9/29/2013,13,15,,1,1>Oh, so very good!  We got the shrimp spring rolls, and then we got the beef broth pho, which was spectacular!  So hit the spot.  Love supporting a hole in the wall, mom and pop type place, with authentic food.  Best pho in the area!  Also, excellent Vietnamese limeade!
<review# 420,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2013,9/28/2013,161,465,2,4,3>One of the very few authentic Chinese restaurants in Jacksonville.  We've been here a few times since we heard about Chef Chan and have been pretty impressed so far.  I've tried their Taiwanese style pork chops... which to be honest, I don't think is very 'Taiwanese' but is still quite tasty.  We have ordered a whole fish, steamed with ginger and garlic, which was pretty darn good.  We've tried several dishes and have been pretty happy about them all.  For Jacksonville, it really is as good as it gets.
<review# 421,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2013,9/27/2013,19,55,2,2,2>In the "You get what you pay for" world of today,  this was outstanding. I ordered the Old Skool Big Burger (6 oz), cooked rare, regular fries and a Coke. She ordered a Thai Chicken Burger, Sweet Potato fries and Powerade thing to drink. The burger was cooked perfectly, the fries were outstanding and Coke fizzy and tasted correct (not always a given with fountain drinks). I'll go again. Place was clean at 9 p.m..  This is a welcome change from the fast food restaurant burgers for sure. It's an entirely different animal than the Hardee's or Wendy's right across the street but well worth it in my warped, biased opinion. Met the owner at the end. Seems as if he sincerely cares. I can see this place growing in stature in short order (no pun intended).
<review# 422,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2013,9/26/2013,35,68,2,3,5>This place is a breath of fresh air in Riverside. We really enjoyed the food and the ambiance of the remade bungalow. The white bean fondu was amazing. They served it with house made crisps. I had island smoked pulled pork with black beans and rice and pico de gallo and plantains. This dish was a flavor explosion for my taste buds. The only thing that could have made it any better for me would have been more plantains. The meal was awesome and the chef was kind enough humor my foodie husband with all his questions. They have only been open 2 days and they are still working out some bugs but Eat here soon!
<review# 423,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2013,9/25/2013,29,97,2,3,4>I first saw "The Entertainer" here because I thought it was appropriate to see a silent movie at a theater from the 1920's.  I have been back several times since because of the selection of movies they show and also because of the atmosphere.  People who come here actually come to see the movie and not to look at their bright cell phone screens or have rendezvous with people they need to talk to during the movie.  I actually like their popcorn and craft beer selections too so that is an additional bonus.  I am glad we have this option because it is an authentic old time movie theater and there aren't too many of those left any more.
<review# 424,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2013,9/24/2013,50,79,2,3,2>Happy hours specials are cheap, so it's a good place to drink up and feel classy on the cheap! It's right on the river, so you can check out the boats that pass. Servers are friendly and knowledgeable. They remember you, and they check on you regularly.
<review# 425,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2013,9/23/2013,28,80,3,3,3>Very good middle eastern food, the tabouli was excellent.  Very pleasant and welcoming service. The entire place is very clean, tidy and bright.  There is also a store with a nice selection of items.
<review# 426,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2013,9/22/2013,29,81,2,1,1>Finally got a chance to experience this downtown hot spot.  First off, parking was easy in a lot right next to their building.  Got in with no problem on a Saturday night.  Hostess was nonexistent and the servers just kept walking by.  Losing stars.  Finally after we had a small crowd clogging up the front door what appeared to be a manager says that "she" will be right with us.  We sit down and waters are poured in 5 inch tall mini glasses.  It's all good though since they leave the bottle on the table so you can refill it 10 times throughout the meal yourself.  Food is ordered and comes with a QUICKNESS. Gaining stars back.  So we start with the edamame and spring rolls.  Tasty enough.  Next up is green curry chicken and drunken noodles.  Both absolutely delicious.  Food is disappearing and plates are empty.  Why isn't the server picking up the dishes that are stacking up?  The table isn't that big and I'm having to be careful not to knock things off the table.  Losing stars again.  We are talking about hitting up a different spot really close that has a B and a B in it's name for some proper dessert.  Well the server comes in with a save by offering up some coconut creme brulee and molten chocolate cake.  Guess we have to stay and give them a shot at dessert since the entrees were right on.  Well guess what?  I would come here just for the creme brulee.  Stars back please. It is kind of loud in the small dining room so sit close if you want to have a conversation.  I am excited to come back to try the other menu items.
<review# 427,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2013,9/21/2013,116,105,,5,1>Best Brunch in Jax! Highly recommend the bloody mary, roasted, oysters, shrimp & grits, biscuits and gravy, duck confit hash, and the goat cheese omelette. YUM! Dinner is amazing too, but brunch is great food at a great price.
<review# 428,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2013,9/20/2013,6,14,5,5,5>Chamblins Uptown is the type of 'third place' (somewhere you spend time outside of home or work) that every good neighborhood needs.  Residents and visitors of Downtown Jax can enjoy a cup of joe, a bite to eat, free wifi and an incredible new and used book selection all while enjoying great views of Hemming Plaza.  Chamblins Uptown has even increased their seating options with the recent addition of sidewalk seating in addition to the already popular patio seating and indoor café seating.  On any given day, a spontaneous musical interlude may complement your experience as the outdoor patio contains a piano painted by famed artist Lee Harvey that is open to be played by anyone that may fancy themselves a disciple of Beethoven (or at least a master of chopsticks). The Huffington Post named Chamblins as one of the top 12 bookstores in America.  It's easy to understand why once you begin to venture past the vibrant café and into the sarcophagus of this literary beast.   The bookstore is a two story shrine to wordsmiths that initially looks as though your hoarder grandfather who used to dumpster dive behind the library married a schizophrenic carpenter.  One might feel as though you will be crushed at any time by an avalanche of words when shelves of books stacked 8 feet high finally give way and bury you alive.  Your only hope of survival would be that the sound of books crashing would awaken the grandfather asleep atop a stack of Tostoy who gets up to find out what went wrong.  But this quirkiness just adds to Chamblins' charm.  This isn't a cookie cutter Barnes and Noble, and when you get beyond the aesthetics... you'll quickly realize that Chamblins Uptown is much more substance than style.For a local history nerd like myself, Chamblins Uptown offers a great selection of rare and out of print books about North Florida.  If you are looking for a great gift, you could also browse through a fantastic selection of leatherbound classics.  Need an inexpensive book about electrical circuits, the history of Playboy, designing a football playbook, cooking clams or acing your SAT?  That's all there too, just ask Jennifer or Ron at the front desk and they can recite the exact location of the book you are looking for within inches of its location (I once moved a book one shelf over during a weekend experiment and they noticed upon my return visit on Monday).  Too A.D.D. to finish an entire book?  Chamblins also has a vast selection of CDs, cassette tapes, VHS tapes and DVDs.  They even have a 'banned section' which boasts a new CD and book every week that has been tossed out from some community of puritans.  I can personally attest that the weekly CD selection in this stack is always a great buy.  If you are low on funds or perhaps have a plethora of books collecting dust at home, Chamblins has a great resale program where you can get cash or store credit for turning in old books. All in all, Jacksonville is very lucky to have such a place.  If I could just find that cot in the back where gramps sleeps, I'd probably never leave.
<review# 429,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2013,9/19/2013,43,89,3,4,3>Tony D's is handsdown my favorite pizza joint in Jax.  I LOVE real pizza.  I find it very difficult to find a pizza place that has a combination of good tasting crust that I want to eat and not leave on the plate, thin and not over powering sauce, and great tasting cheese.  This is how pizza should be.  You shouldn't be able to take a slice of pizza, throw it against a wall, and it still be intact, like you can do with chain restaurant pizza places like Papa Johns and Dominoes.  It's not natural. Tony D's has the winning combination for my pizza taste buds.  I've never dined in.  My husband and I always get pizza to go.  It can get quite pricey depending on what you order, but you get what you pay for -real quality ingredients.  Two 14 inch extra cheese pizzas can run around 25 bucks, but it's worth it.  A tip to make things cheaper:  Tuesday is 2 for 1.  Fantastic deal I must say.  My husband and I usually just get extra cheese because the cheese is so incredible.  We've had and used to get the typical toppings like pineapple, bacon, pepperoni, sausage, and mushroom.  The pizza really doesn't need any toppings though.  We always end up going back to the extra cheese because it's so tasty it can stand on it's own.  They really pack it on and make a nice thick layer.  It's always really gooey and if really really hot, it starts to slowly..... slowly.... slide when you pick it up.  This isn't a bad thing, it's a good thing!! That's what real quality cheese is supposed to do.  Cheese shouldn't stay put on a piece of pizza when you turn it upside down.  C'mon now.  The crust is flavorful and not too thin and not too thick.  The sauce is always put on in a nice thin layer and I never feel like I have to scrape any excess off.  They have a bunch of speciality pizzas as well.  We've only had the Meatball Parm Pizza, which is incredible.  It has a ton of huge sliced meatballs, cheese, and big dollups of ricotta on top.  So good.  It's so filling that this one pizza could feed 2 people and be completely stuffed.  We've always had fine customer service from here, but like I said we've never dined in.  If you notice with the other reviews though, people say the food is great but service isn't so great at times.  I would tell you to try this place on a Tuesday for their 2 for 1 deal and take it home.  Don't let a few customer service issues people have had stop you from trying this great pizza!
<review# 430,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2013,9/18/2013,39,7,4,4,4>Some of my favorite bartenders at the beach!!! Staff is helpful & attentive without being annoying. Laid back atmosphere & usually can avoid waits/crowds. It may sound crazy but Campeche is home to the best chicken wings around, Aztec dry rub wings are to die for. I also love the steak & shroom fajitas, they aren't on the menu but they will do the combo for you if you ask. They have a great beer & tequila selection as well. Great place to catch a game with a few friends or enjoy late night munchies from the half off app menu they offer after 10!
<review# 431,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2013,9/17/2013,7,11,,1,1>Cute little ice cream place where you can sit down to a delicious chili dog, or tasty chicken salad sandwich (seriously, both of those are great), then grab an ice cream cone or milk shake to go. The layout is pretty neat with old pictures on the wall, a chalkboard to write on, and glass window case filled with all sorts of purchasable candy.
<review# 432,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2013,9/16/2013,37,84,2,4,2>This place is quickly becoming one of my favorites.  I've been to all four locations and each one consistently provides good food quickly.  For breakfast, definitely try the pancakes.  They're large and fluffy and when drenched in syrup they make an awesome breakfast.  Bacon is thick cut and crisp.  I don't like scrambled eggs but enjoy them hard boiled.  The Southside Blvd location is one of only two restaurants in Jax that I've been to that that actually had hard boiled eggs available in the morning.  Not being from New York, I won't dare discuss the authenticity of the bagels, but I will say the everything bagel has the seed/spice coating on the bottom of the bagel too, not just the top and that had made my morning on more than one occasion.Lunch meals are served with fresh bread and a small bowl of oil/herbs to enjoy while waiting for your food.  I'm partial to the roasted turkey sandwich and salads.  Skip the pizza - nothing special.  The fruit side is your standard melon/pineapple/grapes and the mac and cheese can be a little oily.  The bread pudding is outstanding, but take it to go unless you enjoy falling asleep at your desk after the sugar rush.  If bread pudding isn't your thing, they have a dessert case with all kinds of tempting goodies.  My most recent trip was for breakfast to catch up with a friend in town for the summer.  We occupied a table of 6 for a few hours and towards the end of our stay, one of the waitresses brought the munchkin in our party a chocolate chip muffin.  It was really sweet and gave the kiddo a big sugar induced smile.
<review# 433,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2013,9/15/2013,72,204,2,3,3>Nestled in a Riverside street lined with small businesses and inspired homes dressed in Arts & Crafts style, European Street Cafe resembles floral store with a garden picnic area in front.Once inside, the venue opens up with a bar in the center, a shop of cheese and beer to go on the left, and a mix of tables to the right. Yes, it looked like a cafe in the old city of Lyon, France to me and it proved later that both the food and the service were as colorful and inviting as the exterior.We sat in a table for four in distant corner and were graciously entertained by a well versed waiter as our arrival closed out the Happy Hour. By chance, my friends met an old friend  who happened to be there and joined us for a dinner of sandwiches and beers.Scanning the lengthy menu, I asked the waiter what made the place famous or what the European Street Cafe was known for. He said their beer selection was well known. I asked his opinion on the craziest thing on tap or the best tasting, in his opinion. Sixpoint Brewing of Brooklyn, NY had recently landed in Jacksonville and its Imperial IPA, Resin, was making his top list. Since I was from NY, I knew SIxpoint's beers and the people behind them almost too well, so we moved on the Sweetwater, Bold City, and Intuition's creative works. The beers complimented my triple-decker sandwich with a hoppy character.My friends ordered much of the same as I did and we worked our way to the beautiful chocolate cake. One slice and four forks made it happen quickly.As we parted ways at the front door, I made note to myself to return here again to try some more menu selections and to savor the moments with great beers. The floral character of the place had opened with my arrival and smelled great long after my departure.
<review# 434,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2013,9/14/2013,512,73,17,12,13>YES, I ate at a place called Grumpy's. No wait...let me rephrase that. YES, I ate at a dive called Grumpy's. I've lived in Orange Park now for quite some time, have driven past this joint on numerous occasions, yet...the place never really drew me in. Maybe it was the name, i dunno. I work in customer service...I get more than my fair share of "grumpy" on a daily basis, after all. THEN as I was chatting with a fellow Yeep one day *looks at Allie A.*, she excitedly proclaims that they serve really good corned beef hash. I thought to myself "Psssshhhttt yeahhhh riiiighhht..." but at the same time now I was curious and  this place would be forever imbedded in my brain till I went and investigated. So...game on?Atmosphere: OH-EM-GEE talk about cliche. From the half-dead plants to the furniture outta grandma's attic to the waitress smacking on chewing gum as she took the food orders....I even got the signature "Howdy stranger" head nod from a gentleman seated at the counter when I walked in. I was the youngest one there by at least a decade...or two...or more. BUT upon entrance I was immediately greeted and seated by a friendly hostess with a genuine smile that alleviated all feelings of apprehension. Food: You already know what I ordered, but it came with two eggs, home fries, and toast. Upon initial examination, I was pleased to see that the hash was cooked just the way I like it...with that slightly crisp dark brown exterior. First bite...I can't put my finger on it, but there's a seasoning in there. A very yummy seasoning. Not profound enough to stand alone, but it gave the hash an added kick. Nice texture to it as well, neither dry nor mushy. I was...well...I was in a state of shock, frankly. Because I really REALLY liked it.  OK so I'll very openly admit that Allie A. was right, and I was wrong. Darn it. With that said, the eggs were great and the home fries were ok, a few pieces were cooked a smidgen less than I prefer, but hey...it was all about the hash from the get go, so no complaints here. I left full, satisfied, and happy...not a tad "grumpy."Moral: You already knowwwwwww...Don't judge a book....etc. etc. This place may be divey, but the food AND the service was on point. The joint was packed, but the food was out in a flash. My waitress (name started with a "K") was very kind and attentive, making sure all was well, even with several other tables to attend to. As Yeeps, we learn along the way that some of the best eats to be found are at the last places you'd expect. The holes in the walls, the dives, those shacks located halfway down an alley...this was simply a learning experience for me. I'll unquestionably be back for my "Grumpy's" fix very soon...and often. I highly recommend this establishment, support your local eats, and thumbs up to Grumpy's!
<review# 435,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2013,9/13/2013,68,89,4,6,4>A very modern new sushi place gracing the cobblestone area.We decided to stop here for lunch this afternoon after the craving for sushi won the lunch time battle. I have to say I was very excited to have a sushi place literally less than a mile from home.When you walk in the decor is extremely modern and dark. It is illuminated by upscale lighting, and bright glowing neon tube lighting around the entire interior. From the decor I would certainly rate it 4 stars. Being just a bit too dark for lunch and not being able to see the menu very well.The servers were very nice and attentive. In contrast to previous reviews, the young woman who was serving us really did seem to have an excellent grasp on the menu.The food was a little slow but none the less tasted very flavorful. Their lunch special is so cheap! Two rolls, miso or clear soup, and a salad for 7.95 cannot beat that!This place has a lot of potential and when I'm too lazy to drive out to Crazy Sushi on south side I will certainly be back.
<review# 436,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2013,9/12/2013,307,776,6,4,7>I am also born and raised  Jax Bch. I have seen Rex I think from the beginning. I remember playing putt putt trying to send the ball down between Rex's feet. Now it was David Ash of Ash Properties that moved him to the spot he is today and the art students of FJC ("The Big Fletcher on Beach Blvd to us") that restored and painted him. I see him from time to time and he is nice to have as a reminder of the old beach.
<review# 437,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2013,9/11/2013,22,144,2,3,3>Magnificat is my favorite place to eat Downtown. It is usually only open for lunch, but it is open for Art Walk. I have only been here during Art Walk and I love sitting at Magnificat's patio and people watching. I was a little confused about ordering at Magnificat, but it really is very simple. Order at the counter, where you are given a number and then when your order is ready they call your number over the intercom.  On my last visit to Magnificat I had the quiche Lorraine which tasted exactly like the quiches I had in France. I also had the French Onion Soup, which was  a little rich with the quiche.  I often yearn for a quiche and Magnificat is the best option in Jacksonville to get a truly authentic and amazing quiche, I just wish it was a little closer to my house and had a parking lot.
<review# 438,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2013,9/10/2013,26,111,2,6,3>I wanna give them five stars for having All You Can Eat Crab legs Wednesday nights, but my second time there was disappointing. On my first visit the waitresses walked by often and piled more hot, steaming crab on your plate as you go and they were amazing. My second time, not so much. They were very slow giving us more legs and they were waterlogged. They also have all you can eat shrimp that comes with it, but I didn't really care about that; Who wants fried shrimp when you can fill up on plate after plate of snow crab legs? I do only come here for AYCE so I can't offer an opinion on any of their other seafood here.
<review# 439,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2013,9/9/2013,67,131,2,7,2>I have avoided writing a review for this place because I worked there. I didn't want to come off as bias and I wanted to be able to give an honest review. I no longer work there so I can happily write my review. I love Marcy, the owner, she has fought the good fight of small coffee shops, especially being on the Southside, she knows all of her customers by name and can easily ask about their family. Home made pastries, sandwiches, and chai. THE CHAI IS THE BEST IN JAX! I may even say the best I've ever tried. My typical order is Iced Soy Pumpkin Chai. Sooo delicious.They have a ton of syrups to choose from and local coffee beans from Bold Bean and Coffee Roasters. They have three coffees brewed daily; mild, dark, and a flavor which they rotate out. This place has a drive thru and a very loyal customer base.The down sides to this place is they are only open to 7pm and sometimes things come off as weird. My personal recommendations:Homemade Cinnamon RollChaiWhite Peppermint MochaBlueberry CoffeeGraham Cracker Coffee
<review# 440,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2013,9/8/2013,241,1176,2,4,4>Baseball's never been hotter than the Jacksonville Suns!The Baseball Grounds of Jacksonville are definitely not the same grounds I used to watch the Suns play on when I was just a wee little one. Much more seating now than before. A lot more concession stands to handle the bigger crowd. And a bigger shaded area, especially as the sun sets in the west (best design decision). Last night I was on the grounds for the Southern League All Star game & homerun derby. I was (pleasantly) surprised with how packed the game actually was for a Wednesday night in Jacksonville. Props to Allie A. for posting the event otherwise I would have never known. Lots of groups (little league teams) out to see all the action. For a little over 12 bucks, I got a nice stadium seat that was out of the sun just as the first pitch was being thrown. Not the best angle to see the game from, but it wasn't in the bleachers and it was about midway up from the bottom. One thing it's neighbor - EverBank Field - has over Bragan Field is the cupholders in the back of the row in front of you. It's tight seating, understandably, so having a place to put your drink out of the way of the feet of those next to you and those passing through, would be nice.
<review# 441,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2013,9/7/2013,68,52,4,5,4>Oh The LOFT...so much I could say, one of them being this will be the source of MANY good nights to come,  if you love to dance, greet yourself with a shot of Vodka and have at it. Very comfortable 'cheers-esque environment where everyone knows everyone, expect to see normally the same crowd with the exception of handful of curious sightseers. Always a fun-filled experience, never a disappointing night. The only thing one could say would be better would be drink specials. Expect to spend a couple bucks if you are looking to get the most out of your night. Other than that small oversight , different days have different events, such as Thursdays your drink FREE PBR from 9p-10p if you are on the list; $3 otherwise, Saturdays are usually when you can expect to see large crowds with long lines, bring BETTER entertainment. you will more than often see migrates from The Pearl located here, if you knew of the myth once called The Pearl then you know the outstanding chaos you are up against. Enough said, come one come all! 5/5
<review# 442,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2013,9/6/2013,180,254,1,12,6>Got to take a sneak peek of the new Your Pie in Tapestry Park, right off of Southside Boulevard, and it is delicious. The spot is smaller than the Fleming Island location but the pizza is just as tasty and fast (5 minute brick oven pizza that's fully customizable down to the cheese and dough and not greasy = winning). While I love nearby Mellow Mushroom, Your Pie is a much more viable lunch option -- you and your co-workers can easily get in and out in far under an hour unlike the 'shroom. Start with your choice of dough (wheat, white or gluten-free) then choose from several cheeses (they range from vegan cheese to fresh mozzarella to the old standbys), sauce, and toppings. If you're uninspired there are several to choose from on the menu, or be creative and concoct your own creation. I love that all the veggies are free so you can have them pile them on without jacking up the price like most pizza spots. There are plenty of customizable paninis and salads as well, and gelato in numerous flavors.I love that Your Pie ties in a craft beer element -- local brew Intuition Ale Works is on tap, and Terrapin's (out of Georgia) Hopsecutioner, and others. Pizza + beer = yes, please.Bonus: if you can't eat all your pizza it holds up really well (no mushy/sogginess) if you get it to-go -- I had my leftovers for lunch today and they were still crisp.
<review# 443,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2013,9/4/2013,40,82,,5,4>I missed the yelp event since I had prior plans but wanted to at least scratch this off my list of to do items in town that anyone who lives here should try.  The hubs and I spotted  early Sunday morning via a Facebook post that one of my fave wrestlers from back in the day was in town and had a show going on.  We purchased two tickets in section two I believe table off to the right side of the stage about 2-3 tables back from the stage for a total of under $55. In my opinion, this was WAY affordable to meet one of my favorite wrestlers from my youth. We got in, and got seated pretty easily. Within five mins or so, a server  came by for drinks and explained the "stop me for service" card. Pretty easy for first timers!  There's only a one item minimum order and they have a full bar plus food so, no biggie. The show was wonderful, the opening comic and emcee were pretty funny. I got to see a side of Mr. Mick Foley I never imagined I'd see, pleasant surprise and very worth the trip. All of his proceeds went to a charity called RAINN. All around good guy and a great cause. I wish I had noticed the show info a bit sooner so I could snag better seats. I will be glad to visit this place again!
<review# 444,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/27/2013,9/3/2013,62,56,,4,2>I always enjoy seeing a restaurant re-inventing an old fast food building into a sit down spot. Yummy pho does this with pizzazz. Along with the standard plant life and golden waiving kitty you see at other asian themed restaurants, the Yummo Pho establishment also boasts neon ribbon trim along the ceiling and a kareoke machine in the back area (don't know if that was for customers though). My coworkers and I stopped by one Friday to see if they can beat the fabulous Pho flavors of our normal spot (hint, it's by the Avenues). The menu looked common for a Vietnamese restaurant, the prices were average, and the #5 Pho (Rare steak & Flank Steak) was on-point. The only thing I didn't like about the soup was the ratio of noodles to liquid was way off. For a large bowl, the amount of noodles was lacking. Another ding was that the service wasn't up to par. I understand it may be difficult managing a large party and that separating the checks may be difficult. But during checkout, we were marred with incorrect checks. During our visit, the credit card machine was on the fritz and it wasn't able to handle more than 3 tickets at a time.Besides those minor snafu's, the food was good. The price was right. I'll be willing to give Yummy Pho another visit.
<review# 445,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2013,9/2/2013,227,252,,4,2>I am not a huge sweets person, but every now and again it's nice to treat yourself. On Father's Day, my family wanted to make a pit stop into Kilwin's for some goodies and the second I walked in I could tell that what they do, they do well. There is so much to choose from....ice cream, chocolate covered EVERYTHING, and caramel apples everywhere!I didn't buy anything on this trip in, but the rest of my family did. However I did sample the salted caramel fudge and all I can say is OMG!I will be back.
<review# 446,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2013,9/1/2013,131,117,5,7,5>I have to go on record and say WOW this is some good BBQ. My wife and I are really glad we got to experience 4Rivers. When we pulled up to the restaurant the line was wrapped around to the side of the building. I am glad we decided to stick it out because it was worth the wait.     When I walked inside I seen that the seating is arranged in a cafeteria style placement. The whole restaurant seemed  upbeat from the chatter amongst friends in line about the menu to the personal reviews shared by strangers seated next to each other about their choice. My wife and I both decided on the dinner plate which came with your choice of meat, 3 sides and a biscuit. You start at the at the far right of the counter where you pick your meat then you move down to tell the server which sides you would like. It is a real cafeteria system but it works. My wife decided on the burnt ends as her meat and sweet potatoes, bake bean, Mac and cheese as her sides. I picked the brisket with a side order of pulled pork and bread pudding, corn, collard greens.     We ended up sitting beside two sisters and their niece who we were actually talking to end line about the menu. This was great because it felt like home since my wife and I will be moving down to Jax next month. The brisket was tender and had a great smoke flavor to it. My favorite was my wife's burnt ends. This was delicious. I love the crispy burnt parts of the meat and the mix it was their sauce which made revaluate my decision momentarily. The side were good. My least favorite was the Mac and cheese a little to running for my taste. The greens, baked beans and bread pudding made up for this easily, you won't go wrong with these choices. The biscuits were fluffy and the only thing my wife talked about on the drive home.      Inside the restaurant the have their own little bake shop which offers cakes and cupcakes. I was really excited about maple candy bacon cupcake but they were out. I ended up going with the Reese's and was just as happy with my second choice.      Overall this place is a 5. Great food, service and atmosphere which made for a great night out.
<review# 447,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2013,8/31/2013,64,149,2,4,2>Don't let the name of this place fool you! Just because its name is not very original doesn't mean their food is not good.  I came here with my sister, bf and daughter and even my daughter ate the food and she is only 1.5! The lunch buffet stayed competitive with the rest of the Indian buffets on baymeadows but what really won me over was that they bring the naan bread fresh to your table! Now this can be a good and bad thing because if your like me, then they can't bring the bread out fast enough. That was really my only complaints.The gulab jamoon(sp?) was delicious as well. Overall I will def be going back to this place.
<review# 448,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2013,8/30/2013,245,83,7,8,6>I was on the way to Whiteway Delicatessen for my lunch break and I didn't know where it was, but I ended up parking right in front of Sweet Theory Baking Co. Oooooh ahhh my eyes n my tummy lit up, but it would have to wait until after lunch. I scarfed down my sammich as soon as I could and hauled ask to get some desserts. A lot of my friends have been posting about Sweet Theory on Instagram, so I was ready to get my mind blown! The girls in there were super nice. They showed me the homemade super fat donuts. One was called "Stretch Pants" It was a fat donut like an inner tube and all i remember is frosting, Cookie dough crumbles and bacon. I wanted to get it really bad, but I still had to go back to work. I ended up settling for the Blueberry Lemon Coffee Cake! It just sounded like everything I needed in life at the moment! I destroyed it....I posted a picture of this masterpiece if you want to see it. When I was checking out, I saw a lil case of mini Salted Caramel Brownies...so I got 3 for 3 of my favorite co-workers at work. One of the girls works standing up and she cleans stuff, I was like hey I got ya'll some brownies, eat them when you can. I turn around and both of them are scarfing these poor mini brownies. Then, I start hearing a foot tapping she was bent over tapping her foot like deyum this is good and praying like she was in church hahahah that is the reaction that I wanted! It was priceless! Then, later she hugged me tight (aka scared the crap out of me) and whispered in my ear: "What was the name of that place again"? and she thanked me again! The interior and vibe inside Sweet Theory is pretty "sweet". It's like an old time bakery with a modern twist. The people are nice, the desserts are rsome, and it's near Pele's Wood Fire and Whiteway Deli, what else could you ask for? I'll be back tomorrow for that Stretch pants donut!
<review# 449,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2013,8/29/2013,180,303,,3,1>I have been to Cassat Batt Bowl both before renovation and after. Before it was just a lowly bowling alley, but now besides that, it boasts a pro shop, arcade, indoor mini golf, and pool tables. I have been here more than a few times to bowl and for general fun, although, have yet to try out the mini golf. There is a separate section for birthday parties and in the arcade, they have mini bowling machines for toddlers and younger kids.This bowling alley is very involved in league play, so don't expect to walk in and get a lane until later at night during the middle of the week. They have some really awesome leagues for kids on Saturdays. My niece took part in one last year and had a blast. When it comes time for competition, they do it either at Batt Bowl or out at Naval Station Mayport. Prices are fairly decent, although the food is kind of high priced, but it is satisfying for a bowling alley kitchen. Just the other night, we did a bunch of fried appetizers that were very tasty.This would be a great place for a kid's birthday party. Lots of things to do, good food, and rather affordable too.
<review# 450,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2013,8/28/2013,25,170,2,5,3>Their new location is in same center as new one, just drive further in!!The food here is divine! I feel like it was a home cooked meal from a long lost Dominican relative I didn't know. (I'm not Dominican, but food here makes me wish I was!) the customer service is perfect. The guy answered my moms questions and they compared Filipino food with Dominican. He explained the different dishes to me. This place deserves their reputation for good food and good people.I had the pork special. It was succulent and juicy. Perfectly roasted and flavored. The rice? Many places won't cook it enough or leave it too long, not this place. I'm very picky about rice. El Mofongo has very good rice-- white, yellow, black bean, all of it.The atmosphere is so family like. I love the music, too. Found myself bopping along as I ate. I couldn't fit dessert but it looked delicious.Prices are so reasonable, beyond reasonable considering the absolute deliciousness and scrumptiousness of their food. I  telling you, EAT HERE! You won't regret it!
<review# 451,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2013,8/27/2013,54,83,4,8,6>Open only on Saturdays from 10a to 4p, the parking is plentiful and RAM is strategically placed underneath a bridge so that it is perfectly shaded and catches every breeze that comes through. As Katie C. stated, there is nothing at all sketchy about this place, despite it's at-first-glance sketchy location lol It's also right next door to the botanical gardens/art museum which is a major plus.     The first time, I wasn't too impressed because the street performances were half a step up from basic karaoke and the vendor from which I chose to dine (can't really remember the name and I coulda sworn that I took pictures of the place...) was so deceiving that I just wanted to leave. Maybe it was my fault for arriving hungry and with a friend who was determined to gripe about everything that day. But even without him complaining in my ear, the food was pretty bland. SO disappointing because the smells coming from the grill were sooo tantalizing...then I bit into it. *blank stare* I may not know the name of the vendor but so that yawl can keep an eye out, here is what I had: coconut fish sandwich with homemade mango salsa, thick cut fries and homemade strawberry lemonade. Everything smelled and looked  heavenly, the textures were perfect...just absolutely none of the bold island flavor that was expected. And the guy who was with me is a island food guru and grumpy mood aside, he was in agreement with me on the bland taste (he had grilled fish tacos with the same watered down mango salsa and lemonade). Oh, and worst of all the prices weren't friendly!  I paid 15 dollars for my lie and he paid 10 for his. smdh      I decided to come a second time, alone and with a full belly which seems to have made all the difference in the world (though I think the perfect  weather had 50% to do with that lol). The produce area is awesome and smells like a Garden of Eden, with the most countrified, hospitable staff you could want. Provide your name/email and once a week you will receive a list of what they will be selling, as well as other deals. The art/jewelry/clothing vendors are so helpful and sweet...I'm glad I talked myself into bringing a set amount of cash, otherwise I would have binge shopped lol The main attraction that day was the Blue Lotus bellydancers who were having fun and were fun to watch. The instructor (Gina) was so polite and gave me plenty of information, plus her card when I asked about classes ($22 for 6 weeks, in Orange Park on Tuesdays and St Augustine on Thurs!). This is overall a great spot to kill a couple of hours on a beautiful Saturday, especially if you like to people/dog watch; just be sure to bring cash and eat a little something prior just in case lol
<review# 452,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2013,8/26/2013,94,79,2,7,8>I am a lover of all things fruit & veggie. So, to me, visiting the Jacksonville Farmers Market for the first time was like going to Disney World. They have such a plethora of produce, all quite reasonably priced. We walked away with a large bag of brussels sprouts, strawberries, a whole pineapple & some sweet peppers for around $10-11. I really appreciated how frank the people selling the veggies were, too. They told me what was good & when, and did not hesitate to tell me not to buy the okra because it was not in season. Needless to say, all of my purchases were at their prime & have now been consumed. We went on Saturday afternoon around 12:00pm & had no trouble parking. There were people there but I wouldn't call it crowded. Overall, a great experience & I plan to return this weekend, as the fresh greens looked too tempting to not come back for (romaine, collards, etc).
<review# 453,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2013,8/25/2013,1555,1215,19,22,22>I would like to preface this review by letting everyone know I am diabetic and have been on low carbs for 8 weeks.  Basically, I've had nothing I love for 2 months - yes, it totally sucks!  Mexican food is my favourite and I decided I just couldn't go any longer without some fajitas and cheese dip.  Luckily, eating here only blew my BG up to 267.  I'm honestly surprised it didn't shoot threw the roof.... but I digress....I ordered the cheese dip as an appetizer and it is honestly some of the best I've had.  I was totally impressed.  I asked the waiter for some tortillas to use with the dip (not quite as carb loaded as chips, believe it or not) and he was more than happy to oblige.I ordered the steak fajitas with rice (and extra rice b/c I can't stand the beans).  When the fajitas came out sizzling, my eyes nearly popped out of their sockets - I can't remember the last time I saw fajitas piled up so high!  A single order is enough for 2 to share easily!  I also couldn't believe the amount of rice they brought out - it was on 2 separate plates - PLATES, I tell ya... not saucers, but actual plates, and they were both heaping full of rice!  As I was eating my fajitas, I told my husband, "I swear these are the BEST fajitas I've ever had in my life."  To which he replied, "Are they really the best ever?  Or could it have something to do with the fact you haven't had them in so long?"  I pondered his response, but each bite I took really did seem like pure Heaven.  Hence the reason for my preface:  Were they really the best ever or could it possibly have something to do with the fact I'd been deprived for so long?  I still can't really answer the question, but I do know they were some seriously tasty fajitas and i was happy, happy, happy!The rice was rice.  Nothing special about it.  It was good, but not great.  I didn't really care because I only took about 3 bites.  I, of course, decided to carb load on the tortillas and the rice was nothing more than an after-thought.  Although, hubby did have a lot of it to bring home.What did hubby order?  I have no flippin' idea.  When he ordered, I was too busy pigging out on tortillas and cheese dip - I paid no attention to him whatsoever.  Whatever it was, I can assume he must have liked it b/c he ate it, and he did say he'd gladly return to La Nopalera.  He also said the salsa that came with the chips was really good.  He's a huge fan of salsa, and often gripes about it at restaurants, so that's a pretty big compliment coming from him.  Our waiter (sorry, can't recall his name), was really nice.  I ordered a second small bowl of cheese dip (told you I was pigging out) and he didn't even charge for it.The restaurant was clean and open.  We were seating just a few tables inside the door, so I didn't get up to explore.  What I did see of it was nice enough.  It seemed like a real family-oriented environment.What I didn't like:They bring 2 tortillas at a time.  I found that odd.  You get 2 tortillas when you order fajitas.  For each additional 2 they bring you, they charge you $1.99.  That's pretty lame!The latin music was LOUD.  Like really, really loud.  It was so loud, it almost gave me a headache.  We sat at a booth and it was one of the most uncomfortable booths I've ever sat in.  Half-way through the meal my back was absolutely killing me.  Not to mention my booth was "shared" with the dude at the table behind me and he kept pushing back on it, which in turn pushed hard into my back.  Not a great experience.  Next time, I'll ask for a table.All in all, we had a great meal.  Our total came to $28 bucks and change.  So, 8 weeks or so from now when I decide to ignore my diabetes for one meal, I'll definitely be seeing La Nopalera again!
<review# 454,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/5/2013,8/24/2013,170,138,4,5,5>Didn't get much of a chance to really walk around the store as I wanted to, but very quickly spoke to the employee up front, Victor, and asked about their selection of vintage wines. He addressed the fact that they had some decent selections on their sales floor, but most of their older wines would be in their cellar in storage and would have to be really searched through. He was willing to look if I wanted to get something specific, but his answers were enough to tell me that he was willing to be as helpful as he could be. The prices seemed to be alright for a liquor store, probably the same you can find, if not just a tad more than ABC Liquors, but a very fine selection nonetheless. There was also a pretty well stocked bar in the back of the store with stools and dim lighting. But it wasn't open at the moment because it wasn't yet 5PM... Hey, it's 5 o'clock somewhere right? I could have indulged in a quick drink on my little outing in Five Points at the time, but it was understandable. All in all, I'd have to say I'd like to come in again and partake in a quick drink with a friend or two among the dimly lit bottles of fine vintage wines and spirits after a long day of work or stressful thinking. This was quite the unique little find for me as I've never been here or seen a working bar in the back of a liquor store. I will definitely be back to test out their bartender and check out prices for their drinks next time I'm in Five Points after 5 o'clock.
<review# 455,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2013,8/23/2013,1290,322,9,15,10>Another stellar family-owned and operated Jax food joint!  -House-made food items-Fresh-n-flavorful homemade salsa bar-Chips with your meal-Inexpensive menu-Uber-Friendly serviceNot a lot of atmosphere to speak of and the booths could use some TLC -- but honestly I was so distracted by my d.e.l.i.s.h. taco trio that I could have been sitting on a stump in the middle of the forest and it wouldn't have mattered...This perfect place to please the salsa-craving palate has a menu that is chock full of good eats!
<review# 456,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2013,8/22/2013,67,297,1,6,3>Heard about this place this morning from a friend so we decided to give it a try. Man I am so glad that we did it is really something special. It is located in the middle of Old Ortega and everything that they make is from scratch, nothing from cans. The vegetables are so fresh and good it's almost like eating something from your own garden. My son ordered the eggplant fries with homemade ranch sauce and I was blown away by how good they were (I wasn't a big fan of eggplant before I tried these) we then ordered our meal. I got the country fried steak and was very impressed as it was actually fork tender and delicious, I also got the fresh green beans and the knife cut corn off the cob (both fantastic. My son ordered the exact same thing. My wife ordered the grilled chicken breast with the corn and a fresh fruit cup and was very happy with that as well. I tried a bite of the chicken and found it to be very tender, full of flavor and juicy.
<review# 457,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2013,8/21/2013,0,4,,2,1>My wife and I have been here twice now and we always leave more than satisfied. The gyro is delicious and the prices are very reasonable. I would highly recommend the Greek Isles Cafe to a friend.
<review# 458,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2013,8/20/2013,64,165,3,9,4>WOW what a find! Hidden just off of Phillips Highway in an unassuming strip of stores you will find a beautiful little eatery that will make your taste buds dance for joy. It's in such an odd place in Jacksonville. However, this is totally my new lunch spot when at work; I will become a regular here. I found this off a suggestion from Yelp. I can't believe I didn't know about this place before. If you're a sandwich and sub connoisseur you will absolutely adore this place.The decor is lovely, everything is clean (even the bathrooms!), the food is fresh, the prices are very reasonable, and the service is great. They serve all Boar's Head meats which automatically catches my attention. For my first sandwich I went for the Regular MochaRit's Combo; ohhhh buddy. This was a mountain of meat! It consist of seasoned filet roast beef, tavern ham, ovengold turkey, melted provolone, mayo, lettuce, tomato and mustard (which I removed both). I added chipotle sauce, banana peppers, and black olives on 7 grain bread. Pair this with sweet tea and you will make all your senses very happy. Seriously this was so much food that I haven't even ate dinner yet because I'm still full from eating this and I had it around 1pm (8 hours ago). All of their sandwich prices around 8-9 bucks. Mine cost me $9.95 for a full sandwich and was $6.25 for half. With my sweet tea I paid like 11 bucks total I think. Had I known it was so much food I would opted for the half portion, but seriously no complaints here. I will go through a food coma for this place. You can opt for a half sandwich and soup or salad as well. So many things to try here it will take me awhile, but I'm ready for the challenge!
<review# 459,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2013,8/19/2013,179,106,3,3,3>There might be tons of places around the Beaches for some good breakfast but, I really do think the Beach Hut is the greatest place for some home cooked brekkie. It's decorated like your grandma's house and it might even be your grandma who's serving your table. It's completely affordable, it's not fancy, and your coffee mug will never be empty. Literally. Never. The employees are all very kind and the food is quick, it really is like the eggs and grits were just cooked in your own kitchen.. but made with a little more love because someone else cooked it for you. And, you don't have to do the dishes.
<review# 460,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2013,8/18/2013,38,97,2,4,4>During the Spring and Summer months a great value is a Jacksonville Suns Arena Football Game.  The parking is $10 and Seats range from $20 to $60. range.  The action on the field is amazing!  Many of the players have played in the NFL and are wanting a chance to return to Sunday play.The event staff are nice and concessions for food include Bono's BBQ and Firehouse Subs, of course they have other game day food stalls selling items like Burgers and Pizza.  Great clean fun, awesome music , and big time football in the air conditioning what could be better in Jacksonville!
<review# 461,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2013,8/17/2013,59,62,3,6,4>I took my first yoga class yesterday here and I can't wait to go back.  I took the gentle yoga as my first yoga class and it was just the right fit for a newbie like me.  I felt limber but I did not get a hard work out.  Slowly building into different levels.The studio is clean and quiet.  The other classmates were really friendly.  Great location and easy to get to.  And they have classes to fit anyone's schedule.
<review# 462,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2013,8/16/2013,74,816,3,4,3>Delish!!  We grabbed a few drinks and apps at the bar while waiting for our table.  Once seated, we spit a few more small plates.  Everything was very tasty and fresh.  Our server was awesome and was full of great suggestions.  This is definitely a nice addition to the TC!!  I love locally owned restaurants and it's nice to have one in the midst of the land of chain places!
<review# 463,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2013,8/15/2013,181,120,8,8,8>"I couldn't afford to take you to Busch Gardens for your birthday so I thought a flying trapeze lesson  would be the next best thing!" I said to my befuddled husband after driving him to Middleburg to surprise him on his birthday morning. I bought a LivingSocial coupon for a 90 minute Flying Trapeze lesson from Trapeze High Florida and it was the best surprise birthday gift ever! The class was a small group with others couples (mostly men dragged by their adventurous women) from all age groups and physical athleticism. Most were first timers like us. It was really WONDERFUL seeing those who were afraid of heights conquering their fears by climbing the tall ladder and soaring through the air learning tricks on their very FIRST visit! Some took several tries to conquer a catch or certain aerial trick, but they always got the BIGGEST applause after they finally nailed it! The atmosphere was supportive and friendly and the teachers made it fun! I think I was more nervous for my husband than HE was! The weather was BEAUTIFUL and the scene electric with energy!I don't know who had more fun, me or my husband! I thoroughly enjoyed video taping him and taking lots of photos. I thought he looked really sexy and powerful as he flew through the air and worked his body back and forth to propel himself forward. He made it look EASY. I knew he'd be awesome at it.  I also knew that at the end of the lesson I would get to go home with said sexy flying trapeze artist. My husband teased, "Who is this present REALLY for? Me or YOU?" And I laughed. My husband's background as a gymnast really helped, however, even those who had NEVER done anything like this eventually executed the aerobic moves beautifully with the supportive tutelage of the staff! Afterwards he LOVED telling people about his experience and showing off his video of the" Two-Man Catch" I posted on facebook. This will certainly be a lifelong memory filled with soaring feelings. I can't recommend booking a lesson with Trapeze High enough! It's amazing for the student AND the audience!
<review# 464,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2012,8/14/2013,87,220,1,6,2>I can't say enough great things about the JHS thrift store. The woman who runs the counter is a real character. She is always commenting me on my purchases, saying, "Ooh, I wish I'd seen this!" She also gave me a great deal on some ferret bedding once I explained that I was buying it to use at Friends of Jacksonville Animals adoption events. The volunteers in the back are amazing, too. They always help me load my car and have even given me a jump-start when my battery died. This place has great merchandise, too. Don't be afraid to go back in the room behind the shoes! They have all kinds of goodies, including more furniture, light fixtures, bicycles, T.V.s, and plenty of pots for planting. Today I scored a really cute patio set for $50! Also, up front, behind the register, is the pet section. You can get your pet new bowls, leashes, bedding, a crate, a scratching post, a birdcage, you name it! It's all there at next to nothing prices.I come here at least two or three times a month and always find something. Definitely my favorite thrift store in town!
<review# 465,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2013,8/13/2013,48,55,2,7,3>I'm not often on the west side of town, but I took my family to meet up with some friends at The Pig and it was worth the 25ish mile drive. We're a little short on good barbecue at the beaches, so those of you that get to step out of your front door and choose between this and Monroe's or whatever have the luxury of choice; I'm probably a half-star or so high on The Pig just because getting over to it was such an event.I ordered the large rib platter with green beans and collards - $10.99 for a generously-sized half-slab of ribs; the prices here are definitely a few bucks lower than I've come to expect. The ribs themselves were a little on the greasy side and not particularly bravely seasoned, but they were solid enough and definitely worth the price.The collards don't seem to be a regular menu item, which is baffling, because they are absolutely top-notch - slightly sweet and not bitter at all, and rich like they were cooked down with a probably-unhealthy amount of grease (this is a compliment).The sauces at The Pig are a little nonstandard for North Florida BBQ: a speckled spicy mustard sauce, and a (very) sweet sauce. I thought the spicy sauce was a little thin and the sweet didn't have enough tang, so I mixed 'em together and that worked just fine.When I'm meeting my Lake City friends halfway, The Pig will be a worthy rendezvous point in the future.
<review# 466,isUSA=TRUE,1.0,6/13/2013,8/12/2013,213,102,2,4,2>! Have yet to eat again. Need to to see if it got better since it opened.
<review# 467,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2013,8/11/2013,12,48,,2,2>I'm a pho fanatic! I've had pho all over and also have my own recipe! Ill make this short. I've only had the special or number 1 pho with everything and its decent. I've had it over & over again. My husband have had the spicy noodle soup & says its not that god. It lacks spice and flavoring.
<review# 468,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2013,8/10/2013,49,51,,2,2>Great restaurant and market in one. I usually just go to grab something from the market but I have sat down for a meal. I love how simple they keep it. If you don't like something on the menu, all you have to do is ask. They will even cook your market picks for you. The employee's are great. Always smiling and great attitudes.
<review# 469,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2012,8/9/2013,48,79,2,4,2>Ok I'm Jamaican (so mek mi tel yuh bout dis) I had the brown stew Chicken and rice n peas. It was pretty good, can't fault them there (mom's is better). It's authentic.it's spicy. Nice portion size.Didn't have the patty, patty in most places in the USA is hit and miss for th most part I've only been blown away once by patty in the US and that's in Georgia. Back on point: the place is nice and clean bright and filled with island aroma. I would go back.
<review# 470,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2013,8/8/2013,48,37,2,5,2>Found this place on Yelp and thought I would give it a try. Like most hole in the walls the decor was nothing special so I knew this was my kind of place. I ordered the jerk chicken with beans and rice. It didn't take long for the food, I was presently surprised at the portions, the plate of beans and rice was massive. The food was great, the jerk chicken wasn't too spicy but had just enough heat. Didn't really care too much for the fried plantain but other then that I enjoy the food, I most definitely will be back to try the curry goat and oxtails.
<review# 471,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2013,8/7/2013,179,583,9,4,5>I'm 5'10 and wear high heels when I go line dancing. I also take shots of gin and they have awesome drink specials. Oh I had a great night! I think $5 to get inside. $5 to a ride bull. And all the extra entertainment was free. Learned a new party game. Revamp style of musical chairs where men lay on the ground and women circle them. When the music stop you chase one down and ride em! It gets real interesting to watch when it's down to two women and one man. Dude must have balls of steel - or mashed potatoes. I watch others dance for maybe two counts of 8. Jump in, turn around, and then slide back out before stepping on my own feet. Where do they learn all these dances? But some friendly girls later give me a few quick lessons and within 15 minutes, I've down another drink and back on the dance floor, partly watching a baseball game, and seeing security tell a drunk girl without any shoes, that she needs to go find them.DJ starts playing some real old stuff that I don't remember so I make my way up and down the bathroom - since the floor seems uneven. I asked a non drinking member of the party. So it wasn't just me, the floor really isn't even when going to the well kept bathroom that thankfully didn't have a long line.  Oh I had a great night!=great bartenders=good dj=plenty of drunk people to laugh at
<review# 472,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2013,8/6/2013,103,159,,3,2>This place is always packed and I can see why.  It's pretty decent Mexican food for a good price.  The service is pretty excellent and the menu is expansive so you have a lotta choices.  The margarita is tasty too.  Oh, they also give you a lot of food.  I always leave super full.Complimentary chips and salsa (the salsa is excellent).  Hmmm... now that I'm writing this, I'm gonna bump my rating from a 3 to a 4.  It's definitely good value and good service... can't ask for more than that!
<review# 473,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2013,8/5/2013,30,43,3,9,5>I've been driving by this place forever, and never ventured in.  Thanks to Yelp, I read some of the reviews and decided to stop in for dinner.  Our server was knowledgeable and very attentive, not to mention having some "maturity" - which we always appreciate. We had the meatball appetizer - 4 meatballs in a good marinara, with a little parma on top.  The meatballs were seasoned nicely and with balance, and were tender - not rubbery like some others we've had.  We liked the marinara so much we kept the dish after finishing the meatballs, so we could sop up the sauce with the garlic rolls that are the standard "bread" for the table.House salads were above average for this kind of place, with carrot, cucumber, tomato and some colorful greens in addition to the usual iceberg lettuce.  The house vinaigrette was very nice with some carefully balanced seasoning that was delicious but made it difficult to determine exactly what went in to it.  We went mostly for pasta on this visit, but the menu has a number of things (like Veal Osso Bucco, rack of Lamb, etc) that we want to sample on another outing.  Entrees were the Tour of Italy and Bleu Filet Fettucine.  The tour of Italy included Chicken Parm, Lasagne, and Fettucine Alfredo.  All excellent, but the Chicken Parm was exceptional - we believe the chicken breast had been marinated before breading and cooking, which made it really tasty.  The Alfredo was very nice, and not overly heavy on the sauce so you aren't overwhelmed with fatty calories.  The Bleu Fillet pasta was unusual, with pieces of  tender grilled fillet, roasted peppers, mushrooms, and spinach in a gorgonzola sauce that let you know there was some cheese in there, but did not overwhelm you.  Once again, the chef knows how to balance his ingredients and seasoning at this place.  A little drizzle of balsamic around the edges lends the dish a little contrast, when you want it.Overall, a very positive experience.  We will add Toscana to our regular rotation!
<review# 474,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2013,8/4/2013,60,12,3,8,6>I cannot wait to go here again! My parents came in town to visit and many long-time locals told me to take them to Bixtro Aix. We were told to sit outside in the back. I am glad we did. The vine-covered walls were a good lunch atmosphere with my parents. I ordered a Proscuitto & Goat Cheese salad and split it with my dad. It came with delicious medjool dates and candied walnuts in a fig vinaigrette. My dad is not that adventurous when it comes to food and he really enjoyed this salad. We then split the Le Grande Cheeseburger. Boy, it is Grande. I am really glad that my dad and I split this. We felt perfectly full after eating half and a half salad. The Le Grande Cheeseburger is one of the best burgers I've had in Jacksonville. It is ordered for $13 and comes with double quarter pounder (which is why I recommend splitting) with pickles, onions, cheddar, local lettuce and secret sauce. I don't know what their secret sauce is (hence the name), but it is so tasty! The french fries were good, too. My mom had the Turkey BLT and it was a delicious sandwich made with fresh ingredients and put together very nicely. It comes with Oven Roasted Turkey with tomatoes, crispy bacon, avocado & butter crunch lettuce on sourdough toast. YUM!
<review# 475,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2012,8/2/2013,22,42,3,4,5>Harpoon Louie's is not trying to be fancy. They might be located in a ritzy part of town, but Louie's is keeping it simple, and it works. I went with three friends, and we all enjoyed our meals. The 2-for-$4 beer special was a pleasant surprise! Our waitress was friendly and receptive to our brand of humor, so that's a plus. As for our meals, I had the hot dogs, which might not seem like much, except that I had been really craving a slaw dog all day, and when I opened the menu and saw that you can get 2 angus beef hotdogs with slaw for 8.99, I was thrilled to say the least! They came with deliciously crispy fries, and I tried a side of the pasta salad as well. The pasta salad is simple, but it was really good! One friend had the fish sandwich, and she really enjoyed it. It was pretty big, she needed a to-go box. The other two both had the Backyard Burger and both really liked it.All in all it was a quick, affordable meal with cheap drinks on the side. We popped in late on a Monday, so the place wasn't exactly hopping, but that seemed to be to our benefit. We'll be back!
<review# 476,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2013,8/1/2013,110,135,5,7,7>My previous review of Pulp was, in my opinion, one-dimensional. Yes, they offer organic frozen yogurt by the ounce with virtually any topping you could think to include (unless you're one of those people who does weird things with fro-yo and if that's the case, skip right over this...).Having established myself in the San Marco area now (and maybe after having broadened my palette to accommodate more than the diet of a 12 year old child), I've gotten to see the many offerings of this sweet little San Marco Square treat.If you, reader, ever have the opportunity, I recommend just sitting and observing the smorgasbord of options these people put together. Seriously, just walk in, tell them what you're interested in, let them make it for you, and just watch what the other patrons order. This place screams eclectic. The aforementioned frozen yogurt situation is lovely, but then they have essentially any fresh juice you could possibly imagine. They also offer about 2 dozen different smoothie combinations (and I bet if you asked real nice they'd put together something not on the menu for you too) along with organic beer and wine and fresh local coffee prepared your choice of one of several different ways including french press, Turkish style or hand drip.They also offer a 28 day juice cleanse. The pricing seems a little steep, but then consider that a) you don't have to infiltrate your refrigerator with enough produce to feed a small 3rd world country for a month straight, b) said produce would quite easily cost just as much (have you seen how much fruit/veggies go into a single serving of juice?!), c) no cleanup. Pulp established a loyalty program where you buy 9 drinks and get 1 free. I assure you, this is not a difficult accomplishment. This place covers every meal (or replacement meal) and every craving in between. Check it out.
<review# 477,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2013,7/31/2013,100,223,2,4,1>Key Hyundai is a great place to buy a vehicle. They will go through hoops to get you the best deal on a car. After shopping around at other dealerships I eventually came to Key Hyundai,  saw the vehicle I wanted and drove away with it a couple of hours later. It's as simple as that!Service department at the Hyundai side is very pleasant. They will help you out, and not try to get you to do unnecessary things to your car. Very courteous staff members, and very easy online appointment setter. Highly recommend Key Hyundai for your future service or vehicle purchase.
<review# 478,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2011,7/30/2013,783,779,4,5,5>Delicious Chicago hot dogs!! I ate here in late October of this year. They have great friendly service and so many options for the hot dog fan. Of course the regular hot dogs, but they also have polish sausages and bratwurst, as well as the Chicago-style hot dog I mentioned earlier. $3.39 if you want to taste the Windy City and $3.39 for awesome hot and crispy bacon cheese fries to go with it. Yes, it's all fatty and filling with fresh tasty ingredients and now my mouth is watering again.
<review# 479,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2012,7/29/2013,18,9,3,7,4>Here's the deal, Mai Thai is legit.  I've been a couple dozen times at this point and should have done them the favor of writing this review sooner.  After all, they've done me the favor of filling my belly with their succulent creations on oh so many occasions.So, how's the Pad Thai? Fantastic. What about the Gang Keow Whan? Let me put it this way, I find myself day dreaming of its green curry deliciousness, fresh vegetables and tender chicken.  In fact, everything I've tried here has been beyond reproach.  Not only is the food scrumptious, it's presented elegantly. Nerd alert, I've taken pictures and we own some of their glassware.Is dinner pricey?  Yeah, a little bit once you factor in appetizers, drinks and soup/salad.  Lunch used to be one of their best kept secrets, but the word is out.  Lunch includes your entree (a limited version of the full menu), a crispy spring roll and your choice of won ton soup or ginger salad.  The broth and won tons are terrific.  If the Florida heat is getting the best of you, try the salad.  The ginger dressing is phenomenal  I'd actually prefer the dressing with a side of salad. All of this can be yours for $8 ($9 if you gotta get your shrimp fix).What else can I say?  The place is clean, the wait staff are friendly and attentive and parking's a snap.  Mai Thai is easily my favorite Thai joint in Jacksonville.
<review# 480,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2013,7/27/2013,123,186,3,3,4>I was told about Picasso's by a friend & decided to venture in since we live 10 minutes away. I was blown away by how extensive their menu is. It's a little overwhelming, but they have their "specialties" marked in red, which is really helpful. The first time we went, we ordered the Red Baron and a Philly Cheesesteak Pizza. Those honestly weren't my favorite. The Red Baron was pretty good, but the pizza was standard. I realized it was because we ordered all wrong. The pizza you need to get is the meatball, add fresh basil, Saint Louis crust. Heavenly Pizza. I swear. YOU MUST GET THE GOOEY BUTTER CAKE. I know it sounds like fat kid food & it is, but it's SO good. Also, a delightful surprise was when I found out Picasso's has ramen! Delicious ramen! Not like Kickback's and their nostalgic menu. Picasso's does ramen right!! I've tried the pork belly and Korean BBQ ramen so far and they've all been AMAZING. Thank you for bringing ramen to Jacksonville. We needed it.
<review# 481,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2013,7/26/2013,247,302,2,10,5>Tequila's is a solid neighborhood Mex Mex joint.The food is on point. They actually make a number of items in house that you would expect to be bought at many places, including the tortillas (!), refried beans and guac. Tacos al Pastor were delicious. While the pork was not quite as tender as I like it had a nice marinade with enough saltiness to compliment the soft house-made tortillas nicely. The beans were creamy and smooth. The chicken used in their dishes appeared to be all white meat and was also very tender.I think the pricing is a little higher than you might see at other local places like La Nopelara. 3 Mexican tacos were $9.99 but I appreciated the amount of work they put into the ingredients so it seemed worth the price.It's worth noting that the drinks are extremely affordable here. Domestic pitchers are $6.50 all day, and house margaritas and bottled beers are 2 for 1 every day as of 7/13. Parking is readily available because of the strip mall location. Definitely worth a stop if you find yourself on this side of town.
<review# 482,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2013,7/25/2013,122,140,4,9,7>The drinks started the night off on a positive note. Kevin stopped by the table and told us about the restaurant. Loved the music. The jazz was a nice sound that wasn't over bearing. Our party had several things so I'll try to put it all in. I had the taste burger with a side salad. I loved the lemon vinegrette. Yum yum yum! Fresh tasting and great. The burger was good. I enjoyed it but only ate half. The meatballs came out cold, but the immediately put in an order for fresh ones. They were really, really good.  The taste was amazing! I don't usually like meatballs but I'm a fan!The empanadas were the hit at the table. The meat was juicy and the crust crispy with a bit of "spice" hidden in it. The drizzle on the outside was just right. The jambalaya was delicious. They made it special with rice rather than pasta. We asked to have a little extra spice and it was perfect! The wings were not a big hit. The taste was sweet and they were messy. I have to say we are "dry" wing people so it's never a big hit when the wings are saucy. The service was great. We were pleased with the manager checking on us and being interested in our opinions. We will definitely be back again.
<review# 483,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2013,7/24/2013,116,119,3,8,4>I've only been here twice since I don't frequent the Southside as much as I used to. The first time we went, we tried the Italian and the Wicked. The second time we went, we got the Italian again and tried the classic gyro. The Italian was just as great. However, the gyro was your typical "fast food" gyro -- oily and cookie-cutter meat. The tzatziki sauce was good and the flavors were good, but if you want a real gyro, then go to Hala Cafe or another real Mediterranean restaurant. Overall, the regular sandwich meats seem to be very fresh and of high quality. Secondly, nice clean decor, open seating, but the non-traditional ordering method can throw people off. I'll be back :)
<review# 484,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2013,7/23/2013,20,51,2,5,4>Love this place. My husband introduced me to Indian cuisine here and I have yet to try another place. Decent prices for delicious food keeps me coming back. I love the chicken tikka masala with white rice or naan. The naan always comes out soft, warm and buttery. I recently came for the lunch buffet (around $9) and the chicken masala wasn't as good/flavorful as it is when I order it for dinner. Might be because of how much they need to cook for the buffet. I was able to try 2 different desserts, the rice pudding (SOO YUM!!) and what seemed to be a whipped mango yogurt dish which was equally as delicious. The icing on top of the cake is their mango soft serve (free with your dinner). Love 5th Element!
<review# 485,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2013,7/22/2013,122,98,3,4,3>Yesterday was a revelation. I think I finally found a few good restaurants in JAX! It's about time!I went to BB's for the first time ever, and couldn't be happier to try a few appetizers for our dinner. The decor was chic and the food was great. I am a happy ex-New Yorker. I went with the boyfriend and got the special pork belly pizza, tuna tartar and bruschetta appetizer to share. We were originally planning to get 5 appetizers as our dinner, but the good portioned dishes were more than we could handle!We started with the tartar. It was tangy and flavorful and had a good combination of textures between the tuna and the crunchy crostinis. The fish was OK (for JAX standards)- nothing too spectacular, but it definitely was better than the other raw fish we've had in the JAX area. The pizza was a bit salty, but I guess that's what you get when you have a pizza with pork belly all over. It tasted more like a vietnamese sandwich on a pizza- which reminded me of all the good asian food I am missing out by being in JAX! So this one was definitely a fave. A little salty, but still a good-y. The bruschetta was my least favorite. A roll of bread with some mozzarella melted in between slices, the ingredients were fresh, but the flavors were underwhelming. I would steer away from it next time I visit. I unfortunately only got to try 3 dishes, but am very happy to find the San Marco dining district! I can't wait to try more and come back to BB's!
<review# 486,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2013,7/21/2013,79,94,4,6,7>Ever wish you could combine the uniqueness of a craft liquor store with the prices of total wine, and the convenience of a local bar? Well at Grape & Grain, this wish has come true! This place is awesomely cheap, has an amazing variety and you can treat it like a bar or a convenience store! You pick your poison, bring it to the counter, they pop the bottle, open you a tab and you chug away! Typically craft beers run from $3 to $4 out, event at their own breweries! Not here, g&g even offers locally brewed beers starting at just over $1. A great place to come after work or before your night out, the atmosphere is super chill and friendly. They have some cheese and crackers available to munch on if you get hungry too. My only complaint is they need more seating, although I don't really know where they would put it. After we closed out my friends and I literally stared at our tabs in awe. We couldn't believe great taste could be so cheap! I will definitely be back!
<review# 487,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2013,7/20/2013,40,80,2,3,3>I had the Salmon, ordered it medium well, which was delicious.  Also ordered the Patatas Bravas as a small plate starter, and that was great.  For dessert, split the mint mint chocolate chip cookies, which were 3 ice cream sandwiches with mint chocolate chip ice cream.  Very very tasty!  Service was excellent am the decor inside is subtle and clean.
<review# 488,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2013,7/19/2013,50,79,3,3,3>Happy hour. Stopped here for a few rounds with the gf, and the drinks were cheap. Bartender was serviceable, and it was not nearly as busy as I would have imagined a place with cheap drinks and good service on the water would be.Also, Blue cheese chips. Yum, yum, yum. The fish tank up front is fun to look at if it happens to be busy and you have to wait. Young professionals need to take over a spot like this! Lots of older folks...
<review# 489,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2013,7/18/2013,161,465,5,4,4>I can't believe I somehow missed writing a review on Flavors.  I have ben to Flavors numerous times for years.  I get these weird cravings for Indian food and would want to have it on a weekly basis, and then I fall off that craving and wouldn't go to an Indian restaurant for months... it's weird.Anyways, recently we went back to Flavors for dinner (feels like the Indian food craving is coming back) with a friend.  We used to go to the old location and mostly for their lunch buffets, so this was the first time we tried their dinner, ordering from their menu.  I always have loved their butter chicken when I tried it in the buffet, so I opted for that.  Hubbo ordered their Chicken Tikka Masala.  Both very "safe bet" dishes for us lol.  The food came out quickly and were both delicious.  We ordered regular naan and garlic naan to go with it.  We polished everything off and promised we'll have to go back soon again.
<review# 490,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2013,7/17/2013,116,105,2,8,3>Great place in the town center for date night or special occasions. It is consistently great. It's not cheap, but its a nice place with excellent food and great service. I love the cypress salad, Thai salad, and pork tenderloin. The mac and cheese is amazing. My boyfriend loves it so much, he even found a knock-off recipe online so I could make it at home. Most of the appetizers are also really good, although I'm not a fan of the southwestern rolls. The most important MUST order is the carrot cake. Do not leave without trying it! Warm, gooey, and smothered with cream cheese icing.
<review# 491,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2013,7/16/2013,43,89,7,8,8>I went back to Aroma Corner to finally try another drink besides the typical boba smoothies I normally get.  I kept seeing reviewers talk about the Taro Milk Tea.   I decided to finally go for it and the minute I took a sip, I completely understood what the hype was all about.  Every sip I took, I kept saying "what does this taste like?? I don't know what it is, but it's so damn good."  Before I knew it, I was completely done with my 16 oz drink.  The milk tea is creamy and refreshing.  I opted for no boba this time as I really wanted to pay attention to the Taro flavor.  It's almost nutty tasting and chocked full of awesomeness.  That's the only description I can give.  I think it's going to be my new favorite drink here!
<review# 492,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2013,7/15/2013,28,80,3,8,7>An amazing gem of a place.  El Ranchito is tucked to the side of Beach Blvd, next to a Big Lots store.  Ive been there a couple of times and the food and service are great. We were there last night and got their caraffe of Sangria, which is a huge frosty cold pitcher of Sangria with chopped fruit in it,  be careful! Its wonderfully sneaky. You cant go wrong on any of the dishes, lunch or dinner.  If you get any kind of a steak be sure to ask for a fried egg or two on top of it. Even if you dont have room for dessert, get one to take home, or you will be sorry later! We went home with the Flan which was rich and delicious with a perfect caramel sauce pooled around it.  The staff are all very nice and everything is prepared fresh.  The table next to us had two rounds of their fruit shakes which looked great and will be on my list for the next visit.
<review# 493,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2013,7/14/2013,6,14,,1,1>Nearly one year ago, I was 'almost' Bagel Love's first customer.  I live within walking distance and eagerly awaited the restaurant's opening since a makeshift sign was installed announcing a bagel shop would be forthcoming.  The morning of their opening, I arrived at 6:30AM promptly (they have since changed their hours) only to be informed that their credit card machine was not yet working properly.  The gentleman at the desk said, 'just take the bagels, I apologize for the credit card machine not working, hopefully it will be up and running by tomorrow.'  Moved by this kind gesture (and my mind's inability to accept free bagels if only I had just carried cash) I came back the next morning and paid for my previous day's haul, and ordered another half dozen bagels for my office. I now go about once every week or once every other week.  All in all the bagels are above average, certainly a cut above the Einsteins located a few miles away.  I usually opt for the cheddar bagel accompanied with bacon and horseradish cream cheese (which tastes like a thicker version of the bacon and horseradish potato chip dip from Publix I ate entirely too much of as a kid).  Sometimes I'll get lucky and they will have blueberry bagel chips for sale that I dip into honey vanilla cream cheese.  This is without a doubt the best thing Bagel Love has going (the availability of this delicacy is predicated on whether or not they sold out of blueberry bagels from the previous day).    Other times I will opt for a sandwich.  The chicken salad is pretty good with light mayo, crunchy celery and a hint of dill.  The hot lovin' roast beef (add avocado) is also a fairly solid sandwich.  I would suggest going with a more stable base to this menu item than just untoasted white bread, otherwise you'll soon be eating a very messy contraption of piled high meat. Bagel Love also offers locally roasted Martin Coffee (a virtually unkown Jacksonville institution) and Artie's Tempeh from nearby Gainesville.  I always like when locals support locals.  Good tip: Bagel Love sends specials via a text messaging system from time to time. Highly recommend getting on that list.  You'll have to actually visit the store though to get the digits.  Overall, solid place for breakfast and lunch.
<review# 494,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2013,7/13/2013,22,12,1,3,2>Thank god I do not live close to this place or I would be there every day!  This place by far as the best sushi in jax.  I have never had a bad experience here with service or the food.  Definitely dig the waitress who asks if you need a shovel to eat your food, cracks me up every time.  If you love sushi, check this place out!
<review# 495,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2013,7/12/2013,43,26,,3,2>Great little diner. I went here this morning for breakfast with the bf. Although I had been here once before several years ago, I didn't seem to appreciate it as much as I do now. Casual, friendly atmosphere. One thing about this place is that not only is the decor from the 1950s-60s, but so are the customers... lol. We were the youngest ones there, and I'm in my late 20s. (Well I guess the fact it wasn't even 8am yet played a factor...) Nothing bad about that though-- the diner seems like it's got well-established regulars, which is great. Basic, go-no-wrong choices on the menu... and very affordable. I had the breakfast BLT sandwich with a fried egg, and I ordered a small French toast. Solid choices. I saved half my sandwich for lunch and it was still pretty delicious. My boyfriend ordered the hangover omelet with sausage and he finished the whole thing. With coffee and tax, I think the bill totaled to about $22. I would definitely come here again.
<review# 496,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2011,7/11/2013,37,17,4,8,4>I AM a fan of comic books and an avid reader of them. I have gone to Universe for years. In fact one of the worst things about living at the Beach is that I am too far away to frequent this wonderful shop. So what sets Universe apart from other comic book shops, you ask? The management. Comic Book stores tend to be inhabited by gooberish (yeah I made that word up), awkward people who are socially inept. Not here. The owner is hip and informed. When in his shop you never feel like you are at a geek fest (even though, let's face it, we are geeks). If you "pull" your comics from Universe they throw in a discout that carries over to other products as well. 10% off of a statue is a nice deal. Now if I can only get him to open another shop in my neck of the woods.
<review# 497,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2013,7/10/2013,37,84,3,4,3>I first heard about Derby on Park when it seemed a group of my Facebook friends were posting about being there multiple times a week.  Cue a dinner invitation with a friend after a meeting and Derby it was!  My first visit I had the turkey & feta sandwich with fries.  Both were really good, the fries are obviously fresh cut and amazing.  The second visit was a group meeting on the patio.  My dining companion and I split the corndog and Waldorf salad.  As a self appointed corndog connieseur, this one was so flipping good! The dog itself is nicely seasoned and about a foot long.  The batter is seasoned corn meal and deep fried until a delicious golden brown.  It is just begging for some gourmet mustard (hint hint, Derby!).  The Waldorf salad is apples, grapes, and nuts in a light dressing served in a bed of lettuce,  It was light, fresheshing, and balanced the richness of  the fried food.Another dinner meeting led me to fried chicken.  I wasn't intending to drink, but when I saw a glass of frosty deliciousness delivered to another table, I asked and was told it was the Derby Peach.  My glass of champagne, peach schnapps, and crushed ice was delivered promptly and I enjoyed every slurp.  By the way - the lounge is really comfy.  I was the first one there for the meeting (always happens) so I chilled in the lounge while our table was set up.  I could have stayed right there with a drink all night.My most recent visit was lunch with co-workers.  A stressful day led to bad but oh so good eating.   We split the chili dog and onion rings.  It's funny - when the food is good the table gets quiet because everyone is too busy eating!   I've come to really enjoy Derby on Park and look forward to trying more menu items soon.
<review# 498,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2013,7/9/2013,72,204,,3,4>This was my first time in Seasons 52, which had an interesting look of northern California in the shadows of bright slate and heavy shades. The lure of the venue was that it was supposed to be calorie and seasonal conscious and I think it met that mark for me last night.In getting acquainted with Jacksonville, after moving there from NY, I thought to seek out the best in culinary visions to keep myself in the groove of the restaurant world while prospecting on the possibility of building my own or working for one of the better ones. Seasons 52, which is located in the St. Johns Town Center, fit this criteria with a masterful menu and wine list, although there wasn't much to talk about in the way of beer.As we were promptly seated and our orders taken, we sat back and took in the primary sights, aside from the decor, which consisted of an interesting company of customers. My selection of the Kim Crawford Pinot Noir was a good choice reinforced by our cheerful waitress who led us through the main presentation of the menu. As the restaurant's primary marketing tool, this menu conveyed the message that one should go with the specials of the evening. I ordered the Copperhead Salmon and she ordered the Lamb portions.Dinner arrived on time as the delicious flatbreads could seemingly on go on all night with a bottle of the Crawford Pinot Noir in tow. I loved the ethereal look of the Salmon as I cautiously took it apart. My partner didn't like the Balsamic treatment of the Lamb she ordered and promptly returned it as she had ordered a different out come. The waitress apologized and offered a timely replacement while the kitchen went about correcting the order.When the second go around on the Lamb arriving, it was up to me to test the dish. It looked great, but it was undercooked to the original order of well-done, but not burned. Oh well, I ate her plate anyway as I liked the presentation and the rich taste. My partner would splurge later on dessert to cover the evening's plate.Despite the temporary mishap on the order, I liked the way the restaurant turned around to handle the problem with a manager stepping in to personally do everything in her power to make the dinner work. The best restaurants in NYC expect nothing less and I can see that sentiment and training exists here in Seasons 52.I am looking forward to returning here in the near future.
<review# 499,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2013,7/8/2013,512,73,13,17,14>Soul Food Bistro....My fellow Yeep Rita D. wasn't exaggerating when she said this place is a "diamond in the rough." The kind of neighborhood where, as you're driving, you find yourself praying that your car doesn't break down. This ain't Avondale. However...since the day I actively started Yelping, I literally made it a mission to patronize this fine establishment and see for myself if their food is indeed "THE STUFF" in the soul food category. So with the days schedule clear and mom and family friend in tow, we excitedly set out for our destination. Atmosphere: Yes, yes, definitely cafeteria style like everyone says, but its not that "grungy prison cafeteria" motif, instead it's rather clean and welcoming. Nice artwork displayed throughout, and the tables are spaced out perfectly so that you're not rubbing elbows with the next table. Food:Me: Mixed meat fried chicken plate, fried cabbage, mac n cheeseMom: Baked tilapia, side order oxtails, green beans, collard greensFamily friend: 1 smothered, 1 fried pork chop, green beans, mac n cheeseOk so the chicken plate, in my opinion, should be named "What YOU know about fried chicken???" plate...yeah this chicken took me back in the day to a place called "Mom's Kitchen" in Hawaii. The chicken was so good that you didn't think about it, you dreamed about it. Moms Kitchen was SO soul food that you had 3 drinks to choose from...water, sweet tea...and kool-aid. Yes kool-aid (strawberry or grape.) If you wanted anything else, they'd send you to the corner store across the way. Soul Food Bistros chicken will have me dreaming till my next visit, for sure. Mac n cheese was also a hit, with its cheesy creamy goodness. This wasn't that boxed stuff, it was fresh outta the oven. The fried cabbage was ok, on the menu online it's labeled "fried cabbage with bacon," yet I didn't get  any bacon pieces or even bacon flavor out of it. Cornbread? Yeeeeeeah it's the STUFF, I'll admit, I'll admit. I ate mine AND my moms piece, so there you have it.Mom loved her lunch so much that she ate every ounce of food like it was her last meal. She said the tilapia was cooked perfectly, without tasting "too saucy," whatever that means, and the oxtails were some of the best she's had. Collard greens she loved because they weren't too spicy, just right, and the green beans tasted fresh and flavorful.Family friend said she could eat the pork chops every day and she'd be happy. She also cleared her plate in record time AND had a piece of carrot cake on top of it. She loved the abundance of carrot shreds and nuts in the cake, and that it wasn't overloaded with frosting. Not a crumb was left. Everything about The Soul Food Bistro, from the food quality, atmosphere, service, and pricing makes for this 5 star rating. This is comfort food at it's best and I do believe you're missing out if you haven't been here yet. Without a doubt one of the best places to eat in Jacksonville, so thumbs up!
<review# 500,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2013,7/7/2013,63,49,3,4,3>Tank's is exactly what you want out of a BBQ joint. Family owned and operated, Great and Diverse Sauces and Meat cooked to perfection! If you live in the Mandarin and you're not a regular, well shame on you for not supporting a local family owned business. But you live in the Jax or Nearby area and you are looking for great BBQ from people that clearly care whether or not you enjoyed you meal, Tank's should be you next spot!
<review# 501,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2013,7/6/2013,59,108,3,3,3>This place is going to do well. The food was better than most, if not all BBQ restaurants in the area. The bar was large with a wide variety of both Bourbon and Scotch whiskeys, and good beers, especially with BBQ (Shiner Bock). I consider myself to be quite critical when it comes to authentic barbecue. Been competing in BBQ cookoffs for a few years now and recently our team won grand champion in Haines City's Ribs on the Ridge tournament. Mojo is as close to competition BBQ as you will find in Jacksonville in my opinion. They have the balls to serve brisket, and they do it well. This was a review right after it opened.
<review# 502,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2013,7/5/2013,29,97,1,3,2>This is a great place to get a truly authentic, simple (but delicious) French meal.  I have been here three times now and I am a fan.  The quiches are exactly like what I have had in France, tonight I had a spinach and mushroom quiche that was great.  I have tried several of their soups and they were wonderful.  My dining companion tonight had a chicken sandwich with provolone cheese, chipolte mayonnaise and cheese flavored bread and she enjoyed every bite.  This is a good place for quiches, sandwiches, salads, and soups.  They are mainly open for lunch but they are open for dinner on Art Walk nights, and tonight they were open for a club meeting.  Magnificat Cafe is right across the street from the downtown library, the Jacksonville Museum of Contemporary Art (MOCA)  and Hemming Plaza.  If you are in this area at lunch time or for Art Walk, Magnificat Cafe is worth a try, maybe you too will think it is Magnificat!
<review# 503,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2012,7/4/2013,67,131,,4,1>I love soup so much. I'm from the Midwest and whenever I'd get a chance to go to Chicago, we'd always stop in at The Soup Box. I was driving around Riverside this past summer and stumbled upon my soup savior. Soup's On offers a variety of different gourmet soups daily. It's located in Riverside on King Street.Soup's On has been my go to date spot for my boyfriend and I for awhile now. If we are scared to venture out this is where we go. We usually sample a couple of different soups before deciding and order a combo meal. The boyfriend likes the Vietnamese Pork sandwich. I usually switch my sandwich/salad up but my norm has been the Rosemary Turkey and I add the chipotle mayo to it. They make their own soda as well including one free refill. They just opened a new location on Atlantic and the staff has changed on King Street. The past couple of times I've gone there it's not disappointment, it's just not the quality of product or service that I was use to when I first started going. It doesn't change my opinion I'm a dedicated fan and customer. But it could be stepped up a notch!
<review# 504,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2013,7/3/2013,295,309,2,5,2>We had our first visit tonight to Masala..... And we used a $10 for $15 Yelp Deal with no problem.We started with the Somosa as an appetizer. It came with 2 dipping sauces... A tamarind and a mint. I wanted a straw for the sauces.... So damn good! And the Somosa was pretty damn tasty.... And fresh too.As the previous reviewer stated.... The garlic naan was crazy good!!! we had the chicken tika masala, and a paneer coconut curry dish. Both very different intense flavors. You really need to let the food sit in your mouth for a few seconds to taste the different levels of flavor. For dessert we had the mango moose.... Large serving, great for sharing. Intense flavor.Service was great! Get the Yelp deal before going to save a few bucks!
<review# 505,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2013,7/2/2013,64,181,4,5,2>This is an awesome "little" antique mall. My son and I actually got lost in here today - and he had been in here yesterday and was still confused!  Because it's a "mall," its set up with little booths with eclectic items from different sellers. You cannot predict what you will see next as you work your way through the store maze. My son calls it "The Chamblin's of Antiques" and if you are a book lover, you will understand that. LOL The prices seem to range from "bargain" to "what the heck?"While the Yelp page/app does state that this mall is handicapped accessible, I would warn people with wheelchairs and crutches that some areas are just extremely narrow and packed tight.
<review# 506,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2013,7/1/2013,49,2,1,15,2>Dirty Reds seems almost as if it is a baby conceived, born and raised at the beach given its laid back atmosphere and friendly ambiance! The $1.00 rib special (buy 4 ribs and get a side free) on Thursday night had me happily full after only six dollars, but I had to sample everything in my reach as I was with a party of six and we ordered at least one of everything. The Jambalaya Egg Roll was definitely a new concept to me, and was not only delicious, it was enough to make a meal in itself.The Reggae music was soft enough that we could all talk among ourselves and still enjoy the great melody of the singer's voice. In fact, we ended up talking to patrons from virtually every table around us. The staff was friendly, the music superb, the food delectable, even the owners came by and chatted, and spent just the perfect amount of time at each table so as to show they appreciated our business yet not impose upon our time with friends.What more can I say, I believe Dirty Reds will become one of those mega successes like that other restaurant that outgrew it's little space if it continues to serve it up like it did last night!!
<review# 507,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2013,6/30/2013,180,254,4,10,7>We went opening night and had a stellar experience. Owner, Michael Thomas of former area spots Sterlings and 24 Miramar, was on hand. He stopped by our table  several times to ensure everything was excellent. And it was.We started with two small plates: the french fries with truffle oil, garlic and parmesan served with an aioli for dipping, and the charcuterie with sopressata, genoa salami, serrano ham, grainy dijon mustard, crisp crostini and housemade pickles. It was excellent and the mustard was extra grainy - loved that. The fries were devoured quickly. None of them were soggy, they all retained a very nice crispness and packed a lot of flavor. Both victories.We LOVED the wilted frisee salad with bacon, shallots, tomato and a divine warm bacon vinaigrette. The local Black Hog Farms poached egg on top put it over the edge. We ordered a second one that's how good it was. The flavors worked well together and that egg, oh, that egg. (Also tried the classic caesar and it was good but not as wonderful as aforementioned frisee.)We tried the beef filet with blue cheese fingerling potatoes and a demi glace bordelaise and crisp fresh asparagus. The meat was tender and seasoned nicely and the potatoes were also cooked nicely and imparted a lot of flavor. We also had the pan roasted free-range Black Hog Farms half chicken with risotto. The chicken was moist and the portion was extremely generous. The grilled pork chop with a red pepper jelly and smoked mac 'n cheese was good but the other two entrees were our favorites. Tied with the frisee? The goat cheese and creme fraiche (!!!) cheesecake with hazelnut brittle. It disappeared faster than you can say dessert. We also had the bread pudding with butter caramel sauce but unanimously agreed the cheesecake was our fav.
<review# 508,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2012,6/29/2013,13,19,1,5,4>UPDATE!!!Still coming in pretty regularly working on my sub par pool game and above average drinking and juke box skillz, but I felt it was long over due I mention the food.You know what? Gary (owner) makes a damn good burger. 8oz on a pretzel bun w/ everything add bacon for me please and thank you. Really good burger. I've done the fish and chips also. The little pretzel things you dip in the cheese are addicting and of course local beers on tap. No wonder I can't sink a shot. Remember smoking is allowed at this bar (I'm not advocating tobacco, but that's a  major plus for a bar) BTW new favorite=1901 RED ALE, try it.
<review# 509,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2013,6/28/2013,307,776,4,9,9>Well I have just returned from Chowder Ted's for the um-teens time. I had the chowder and it was a good as always. I just love this stuff with plenty of fish and shrimp in it. I also had the boiled shrimp with a good amount of seasonings. It has Little heat to them and the cajun tartar sauce complements them in just the right way. They did have snapper on the board today. That's one thing you can count on is really fresh seafood. I can also say that Ted his wife Carol along with Amy the best server. They will always remember your name and call you by it coming and going from now on. I really love the food I get from Ted's. You can never go wrong at Chowder Ted's from an beer after work to some really good munchies.
<review# 510,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2013,6/27/2013,40,82,,3,3>Not even a BBQ fan, but this place is going to be my #1place ever for BBQ and southern food. Period. It's said to have taken off with a cult like following in the southern Florida locations, and I feel it's going gangbusters here too!! Nothing I've tasted could find a single complaint! I'm joining the pitmaster program bc it's close to home. I get the pulled pork plate and add sausage then have tried three sides: cornbread salad, potato salad, fried okra, fried pickles, collards, baked beans and fries. All are wonderfully flavorful. Great portions and decent prices. The soda case made me squeal bc they have rare and hard to find bottled sodas like dr. Enuf and birch beer, also cheer wine! The sweet shop is a small,piece of heaven!! Cheer wine cupcakes, neti nerd cupcakes, bourbon maple bacon, red velvet, have been delish. Can't wait to try the mt dew Doritos, and potato chip coke ones!
<review# 511,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2013,6/26/2013,64,149,,4,>This place seems to have such mixed reviews, and i can see where it comes from, the staff and the food. The food is delicious! The pancakes are as huge as they say and they are quite tastey. the banana one was good but i dont reccomend that you take them home for left overs, they get to be almost like a thick cake of some sort. The mueseli(sp?) breakfast was pretty good. my 1 year old daughter loved the yogurt and the granola-y mix. my dad had some sort of mexican style-esque omelet called the Acapulco express. quite delicious! I will def be going back to try other omelets. The service was okay not great but not cruddy either. the lady at the register doesnt know how to do math very well but it all got figured out in the end. All in all this place does merit at least one visit. at least once.oh and if your planning on coming here atleast sign up for their sun e club so you can get a buy one get one free offer for the first time you go so whether its good or not it wont hit the wallet so hard but this place isnt too pricey in the first place :-)
<review# 512,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2013,6/25/2013,227,252,6,8,6>I stopped in Hana Yori based on the reviews that Yelp had to offer and boy was I glad that I did. The truth is I had tried to eat there once before on a whim and it was closed....I guess I'm a late night sushi lover....so I made it a point to go back one evening when I knew they would be open. I took a seat in the corner of the sushi bar and observed everything that Hana Yori has to offer. I loved that while they aren't your typical hibachi grille, they do offer they cooking to be viewed to all in the restaurant, its just located right next to the sushi bar instead of at the individual tables. One thing I knew I had to have when I tried this place was the Lava Fries. I am a huge fan of krab salad and will order it anywhere I see it on the menu, but when you offer it served on top of french fries, well then you really have me. I ordered one sushi roll to go with it. The sushi guy mentioned to me when handing over my roll and my lava fries that I probably wouldn't be able to finish everything b/c most people split the fries I simply said "don't you worry, I'll be fine"  and quietly ate my meal. Everything was delicious! I finished it all and I wasn't ashamed in the least. I recommend this place to anyone who enjoys a sushi dinner every now and then.....you won't be disappointed.
<review# 513,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2013,6/24/2013,2,41,,2,1>It's a large buffet and I got a takeout lunch by the pound. To the side they have sushi, Hibachi (grilled food), and more desserts. The food was pretty good and I like the variety so I'll be back. Read on for my takes on some of the items, starting with the ones I liked best. The beef in pastry was very good. The fried fish was good. The apple pie was good. The Krab with cheese was pretty good. I always like fresh green beans and I'll probably get these again, but I'd prefer them cooked a bit more.Indifferent: The creme caramel. The pig in a blanket was pretty greasy though still pleasant. White noodles; I wish they had better carbohydrate choices, like maybe mashed potatoes. Corn on the cob.Weak: The General Tso's chicken was overcooked, as fried Chinese food often is, though it still had good flavor, as General Tso's generally does.
<review# 514,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2013,6/23/2013,35,34,1,3,3>LOVED IT! So happy to find this little spot downtown. I work at Wolfson's and met some work friends there Friday night. It was perfect. I recommend reservations because it's popular! I got the chicken pad thai, SO good! Spice level 3 is just the right amount of spice for me, 4 would be good for people who crave a bit more spicy, I was tempted to try it! Everyone loved their meal. The food came out really fast, great prices, huge portions. All the girls had left overs for lunch! We all plan on returning soon!
<review# 515,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2013,6/22/2013,245,83,7,17,5>There is nothing like a relaxing massage! I have received massages in New York, California, and even Caesars Palace in Las Vegas, and they were all in the $60-$120 range. At Alpha, the quality of massage is damn near the same and it's only $30/ hour!***Pros***- You can't beat the price at $30/hour and they have Facebook specials all the time for $25/hour, close to holidays they have $50 couples massage, and even 4 for $100!- Hot stone, deep tissue or any other 1 hour/1 therapist massage is still $30. I always wanted to get one in Vegas but it always cost at least $50 more than a Swedish. Alpha made my dreams come true and gave me lunch money!***Cons***-None!***Tips***- Add them on Facebook for discounts- Come in early to do paperwork- Speak up on body parts you want to focus or avoid and what type of pressure you want- For more Zen like conditions, request a room. The other tables are out in the open like an emergency room with curtains.- Get naked, it's better.......hahah!
<review# 516,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2013,6/21/2013,241,1176,2,8,8>For all the times I have been, I totally thought I had reviewed this event. Better late than never!RAM (and FRAM in the off season) is one of my favorite things about this city. When I first heard about it, I honestly didn't think it would last. Jacksonville is not known for having a bevy of Local Flavor activities. Not only am I excited that it stuck around, but it continues to get better.Love getting fresh produce from the vendors. Black Hog Farm is definitely my favorite, but Reeds Groves is a close second. The food vendors near the riverwalk allow you to make a nice day of it. Enjoy the river, have some lunch, go home with amazing finds. Parking can be a bear, but there is plenty, so don't give up. Definitely take cash. While some of the vendors will take plastic, it's much easier to deal in cash. And if you think one of your favorite vendors isn't there anymore, don't give up. They do move them around from time to time.
<review# 517,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2013,6/20/2013,94,79,4,5,3>If you want authentic Mexican food then this is THE place to go! The restaurant is located in a quiet strip mall & is attached to a Mexican grocery store. The atmosphere is quite tacky but absolutely perfect! It is brightly lit with a multitude of cartoon character pinatas strewn about.  Other decor include: saddles & cowboy boots and, yes, lets not forget the Mexican MTV blaring on the flat screens. It is quite clean & almost cafeteria-like.I ordered the Platos de Tacos with two chicken & one steak. They were served on hot corn tortillas with rice & beans. They were amazing! So simple with just fresh cilantro & onions atop which went perfect with a splash of lime juice & green chile sauce. My husband had a combination platter with quesadilla, flauta & taco. All were great! Oh, and did I mention how inexpensive this place was? Our bill came out to $14, allowing us to leave a generous tip. The only reason I am not allotting 5 stars is due to the salsa. It was quite bland & almost tasteless. Otherwise, would recommend this place to anyone wanting a truly Mexican experience.
<review# 518,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2013,6/19/2013,44,229,3,4,4>PVFC is as described by the plethora of positive reviews, although getting a reservation on the same day (even for just two people) was problematic.  At 10am on Saturday they only had reservations available for 5:30 and 8:30.  However, when we arrived at 5:30 there was ample seating, and it lasted for an hour.  Although, the very limited bar was crowded the entire time.We ordered one appetizer--the crab cake.  It was edible, but I wouldn't get it again.  We both had the shrimp salad.  This was four large, fresh shrimp on a bed of field greens with slices of avocado, and a vinaigrette dressing.  It was delicious!  So good and filling that a slightly larger version of the salad would make a meal.For our entree we had the flounder special on a bed of dirty rice and seafood trio.  The flounder was a little on the dry side, and none of the flavor came from the fish itself.  The seafood trio featured shrimp, real scallops, and a white fish.  Our friendly and capable server gladly substituted the stated fish with my date's preference.The pinacle of the experience was the cranberry bread pudding.  Order it as soon as you sit down, and plan to share with 3 or more people.  It is so tasty and rich that just a few bites are sufficient to satiate any sweet tooth.
<review# 519,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2013,6/18/2013,4,3,1,5,5>5 stars are not enough for this salon. Danielle is my stylist and she ROCKS! You can book online as well which is a huge plus for me. Front desk ladies are professional, friendly, and very helpful. The stylists are always attending trainings and special classes to learn the latest trends, which shows how dedicated they are to developing their skills. These stylists are GOOD at what they do! If you are looking for a relaxing and stylish salon (did I mention they serve wine?!) then go see Danielle at Cortello!!
<review# 520,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2013,6/17/2013,47,49,1,7,6>Excellent staff and doctors. I would only take my pet here and if you live in the 32216 zipcode you can get free spaying and neutering. No long waits, no incorrect advertising, and all of the people here want to help animals.  They have a pet food bank, animal hospital, and shelter on the property. Volunteers give their time here with the animals and donations are always needed. There is an upcoming kitten baby shower where they take in supplies and also teach you about the place.
<review# 521,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2013,6/16/2013,36,72,,3,1>For Jacksonville, this place has some awesome fall off of the bone ribs.  I would say it's a 3.5 out of 5.  Jacksonville BBQ is low quality at best.  But this place is pretty high quality.  I recommend getting the beef brisket, they have sliced and they have chopped.  The chopped is just the sliced chopped up finely.  If there is a line, it will take a few minutes because they only have one person slicing the meat.  My review is on the meat, not the service.  The sides are just alright at best.  But, I love the meat when it falls off of the bone and is moist.  Hot BBQ sauce is awesome as well.  Free Ice Cream as well.
<review# 522,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2013,6/15/2013,1290,322,9,18,11>I really like these kind of places in Jax...-Locally owned and operated (whoo hoo!)-House-made food AND Signature recipe's!  (love this!)-Fantastic, quick service-Bright, happy interior-Niche attribute to menu (steamed burgers---very unique, and tasty)-Food Challenge....and their 'Fat Boy Challenge' looks to be unbeatable! Lol!This spot is brand new and I know that they are working out the glitches.  There is a bit of confusion with exactly 'How' to order your food...Steamin Jax will work this out in time I am sure.The grub here is fun, comfort food and most everything here house-made and a lot of the significant items are locally purchased.  I really enjoyed the homemade chilli.  (Owner's recipe)  It is almost the consistency of a goulash -- which I like...a lot!!I will be back to try one of their magnificent-looking Fat Dogs and sundae's to be sure.
<review# 523,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2013,6/14/2013,50,83,2,4,4>My wife and I stumbled upon this place when she was down here, and we could not have been more surprised by this place. From the outside it looks like a dumpy little place in a strip mall that would be ok because it was close to her hotel. Going inside the place doesn' t do much more to impress you with its little bar, beer cases stacked up in back, and very limited seating, I would not advise bringing a lot of people here. What this place lacks in size it more than makes up for with the staff and pizza. The staff was extremely friendly, attentive to anything we might need, and honestly knowledgeable about good beer.Speaking of beer, the list here not the largest, but  as they say, quality over quantity.They do seem to choose their beer wisely, which is always important because a bad beer can ruin even the best pizza.Now to the whole reason your reading this review anyways, the food. The Pizza was amazing, with flavorful fresh toppings, and great sauce. This place does do pick up if you want to enjoy this great pizza with a larger group of friends,I think its safe to say that my wife and I will definitely be coming here again, and if you want some good beer, great pizza, or just some good conversation with some interesting people, you should try here too.
<review# 524,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2013,6/13/2013,64,165,2,3,2>I'd like to say they probably have around 10 beers on tap that they brew. Not a huge selection, but certainly enough to keep your taste buds busy. Another thing that I really enjoy is this place is dog friendly. You can bring your dogs in while you have a beer! They also have a back room that has life size jenga, pool, and table tennis.Worth a visit.
<review# 525,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2013,6/12/2013,68,491,,2,1>Don't know how they keep it all fresh, but I'm gonna have to believe their line that nothing is frozen. Have eaten there 6 or 7 times now in the past 6 months and have been quite happy each time. The only item that I found disappointing was the Spicy Shrimp soft taco. The texture of the shrimp was quite rubbery.A special taste from there is the ranch sauce which has a different , better texture than normal ranch.FYI: Don't order extra chips, your plate comes overflowing with them.Lastly, they have some great specials especially on social media sites that are known for checking in and that are not called ThreeCircle :)
<review# 526,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2013,6/11/2013,59,62,3,4,4>My dream vacation is to go to Istanbul.  And since it will be a while until I can make it to Turkey, I will settle for local restaurants that can give me a small taste of what the real thing is like.  In steps Casbah Cafe.First, the hummus - to die for.  So fresh and tasty.  Made perfectly!  And the bread served with it was some of the best flat bread I have ever had.  You can tell they make it fresh and in-house.I love the vast choices in beers, wines and alcohol they have to chose from.  Rare to find a place that has more than 1 hard cider on tap.I had the combo for one and the fried cheese I selected for it was almost heavenly.  The chicken kabob took forever to arrive but well worth the wait.  And the couscous was very airy and light.  It was a pretty good meal and we had a great porch to enjoy it on during this great weather.The only complaint is the service was a bit slow.  We kept wondering where our kabobs were and when our waiter would be returning.I did not have the hookah this time but everyone around me was partaking and they all smelt so fresh and delicious.  I will definitely have to have some myself next time.
<review# 527,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2013,6/10/2013,22,144,2,3,5>I've been to Black Sheep three times for lunch, and have thoroughly enjoyed each visit for lunch.  At lunch, one orders from the counter and the food is brought to you buy a staff member. I really enjoy not having a waiter for lunch, because it is a little more relaxing and seems faster.  The first time I went I had the pot roast, which was good but not amazing. However, my dining companions ordered Poutine as an appetizer! I had never had Poutine , which is french fries with pork belly, cheese curds, and gravy. It is so yummy! The second time I ordered the egg toast and poutine. The egg toast was better than the pot roast, but since my dining companion was a vegetarian I ended up eating almost all of the poutine. Since the second visit, I have decided to only order the Poutine as a meal.  The third time I went I ordered the poutine, and was so happy not to share.  My only gripe is the plastic cups at lunch service. Now, the rooftop lounge. So, at lunch the hostess told us that the rooftop lounge was open at 5 and that we should come back and see the view.  Since, it was a beautiful sunny day, we went back and had some drinks on the roof.  I really love the views of the Acosta bridge and the little glimpse of the river.  It reminded me of being at the Metropolitan Museum of Art's rooftop bar, well just a little bit. It has a really inviting fire pit seating arrangement in the middle. I also really like the use of concrete tables at the bar.  I went back another night, when it was little colder and enjoyed the views and some more Poutine, but I think I will wait till Spring to go again. It's a little too cold for my Floridian blood, currently.
<review# 528,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2013,6/9/2013,38,97,2,5,4>BCO is a Jacksonville Institution.  Family owned and for those new to JAX area "Black creek" is south of Orange Park and Fleming Island.  Years ago BCO was across form OP Mall on Blanding Boulevard.  Years before the monstrosity of Towne Center shopping  center BCO built its current location.  The staff are experts from Kayaking to hiking the Appalachian Trail and very personable too. I drop by for outdoor clothing and Camping supplies a few times a year.
<review# 529,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2013,6/8/2013,12,8,3,6,3>This is the place if you're looking for authentic Mexican food!  I happened to notice their sign when driving along St. Johns Bluff Rd.  Although the location is not ideal (used to be the Moon Cheeseburger? in a strip mall), the food is fresh and well-prepared.  It's not a sit-down-order-from-the-menu type of place, but rather more "fast-food" where you order at the counter and they bring your order to the table.  The prices are very reasonable and the helpings are healthy.  I had the regular burrito with carne asada.  The steak was marinated well, not too strong, and tender.  Si Senor offers many types of meats (chicken, pork pastor, ground beef. steak asada, and shrimp).  They also have a fresh salsa bar (help yourself) with all levels of heat.  The place is clean and the service was fast!  I highly recommend you try it, especially if you're a La Nopalera fan. You just may be a new convert to Si Senor :-)
<review# 530,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2013,6/6/2013,181,120,1,3,3>"Any moment Biff 'Mad Dog' Tannen is going to walk through those doors and start some ruckus!" That thought permeated my brain while I enjoyed myself at The Rogue. Upon entering into this Riverside whiskey bar you are immediately whisked back into a Prohibition era "speak easy" crossed with "Back to the Future's" wild west! The atmosphere was jovial with customers buying rounds of beer for everyone and laughing as they played a ring toss game. I was waiting for that shattering moment of silence as the local bandit entered to break things up! I seriously have never been in a HAPPIER bar! I enjoyed a double of "Fireball Cinnamon Whiskey" and it really DOES taste like the candy of childhood's past.  The bartender, complete with suspenders and an enviable mustache of yore, seemed oblivious to the mason jar rings whizzing about his head to land on the bottleneck of a whisky bottle for a free shot. The Rogue is awesome on so many levels but I love the fact that the ring toss game adds a Carnival element which binds strangers together as they root and exclaim excitement when their new found friend lands a ringer. The Rogue certainly has a fan in me!
<review# 531,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2013,6/5/2013,26,57,,6,4>I am a big fan of this place for many reasons:1. Its a family-owned business, which I support whole-heartedly.2. The food and ingredients are fresh and made-to-order.3. The staff are super nice. 4. Lots of lunch options5. Prices are reasonable.My favorite is their house specialty, the Chicken Salad Croissant sandwich. I like the chicken salad because it is homeade and tastes very fresh. It isn't drowning in mayo like other chicken salad sandwiches I've tried. It has chunks of chicken, walnuts and sliced grapes. I've heard the Cuban sandwich is another top seller. I will have to try that on my next visit!Try this place once and you'll be hooked!
<review# 532,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2013,6/4/2013,74,816,5,6,3>We came in here during the Jacksonville Jazz Festival so I'm going to assume that made the staff testier than normal.  The food was awesome and it was super hard to choose a dish!  The wait to receive your drinks, place your order, and receive your food was ridiculously long.  I can see from other reviews that this might be common and not because of the Jazz Festival.  My advice is that if you have the time and patience, the food was worth it but if you need to be somewhere you either need to give yourself extra time or try another restaurant.We sat at the bar and when the staff interacted with us, they were very nice but apparently oblivious that the conversation they were carrying on in front of us wasn't private.  They were complaining about another server, the clientele, etc...  The staff seemed really stressed out but I'm not sure why because it wasn't like the restaurant was slammed.  I think the owner makes the atmosphere stressful on purpose which isn't fun for anyone.  All that aside, the food was very good and if you have the time and capability to handle the stressed out servers, stop on in!
<review# 533,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2013,6/3/2013,202,207,1,4,4>I've always had fun the few times I've been to this flea market. One of the better ones in Jax, if not the best. I find people watching extremely funny here. The way everyone interacts with each other, talking about sales and trying out certain products. The karaoke is also pretty legit. The do serve beet so that's always a plus. Like a few others have mentioned not knowing how good the food is I've yet to decide to be the guinea pig and give in. I have however had the Cajan Boiled peanuts from the stand directly across from the entrance and they were tasty. $3 for a small and $5 for a large bag. Wouldn't mind also trying all the fresh produce either :)
<review# 534,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2013,6/2/2013,213,102,1,6,3>I really love the concept. You get to choose one of their favorites or make your own. Every pizza is ten inches which trust me is plenty lol. They have the best gelato I've tastes in years and the pizzas exactly how I love. Thin gooey but not dripping toppings everywhere. Perfecto. I love the fact that they have those freestyle coke machines to where I can mix my drink or go old school with a coke. When the weathers nice they have a few tables outside to eat and I love that. Service is super quick I usually am done with the line and food in hand within about 5 -7 minutes if even that !(: the line crews I've dealt with are all super sweet and even though we both have to speak up to be heard its seriously an awesome place to come for parties or just to relax. Best pizza place in Fleming !
<review# 535,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2012,6/1/2013,180,303,2,5,3>If I could pick one store to outfit my entire life with, it would be Midnight Sun. From books to clothes to jewelry to furniture to tapestries and more, I love it. Every time that I walk in here, I just feel my bank account slipping away. The store is very big on offering items made with recycled materials, which I adore. They also hold events and group meetings such as a Tibetan Buddhist Study Group, a monthly Tarot class, and workshops and meet and greets with different authors who stop in from time to time. I definitely recommend Midnight Sun. While aimed at those of nature-based and Buddhist faiths, I think you could find a unique gift for anyone in your life in this store.
<review# 536,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2013,5/31/2013,179,583,8,12,5>Caribbean food is the best, I swear. Driving in I felt like I was taken back to Jamaica. Parking is crazy. Get in where you fit in. Line literally out the door. Which is kinda cool because you get that first whiff of food. The smells start teasing your palate, reggae music pouring out of speakers, pushing and pulling what option you will choose for your meal. As I stared at the menu, I couldn't help but check everyone's plate. Everything looked so good. Women taking orders have beautiful Caribbean accents that just speak to the authentication of the establishment. I finally decide on the stewed brown chicken, red beans & rice, and sweet plantains. I sit back and watch people continue to flood in. There were some sexy people in here! :-) Then I notice the pretty vacant second dinning room. With this place so packed, why is everyone ordering take out or eating in the small bar area? That's when I take notice of the signs informing customers that they are being watched and start counting the cameras. I found at least 5. This could be a great I Spy game. So I'm guessing the area has had issues before. But the food is Delicious. This is a bucket list must do!
<review# 537,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2013,5/30/2013,53,13,,4,1>A diamond I found after stopping in at Bold Bean Coffee next door. I walked in with no expectations (randomly had not looked it up on Yelp first) and was presently surprised. The owner Eddie took a thorough moment explaining everything they had behind the glass. He explained the food, the home-style preparation, the inspiration for each dish. What a guy!After the orientation I decided on the Bocadillo Manolo and a cup of Zucchini Pumpkin-Squash soup. The Bocadillo Manolo consisted of Jamon Serrano (Spanish style prosciutto), Manchego Cheese, and fresh chopped marinated tomatoes. The meat was spicy, and filling and the Cheese had just enough bite to be interesting. The tomatoes were so fresh and every bite was a joy. My drink was a Venezuelan limeade made with all natural juices and unrefined sugar. It was an excellent choice with the warm soup. They brew it by the caraffe and always have some fresh. I was given free refills the whole time I was there. I have nothing bad and everything good to say about this place. I encourage everyone to come in for lunch, their sunday brunch, or one of their many deserts, which I intend on trying soon. I'm sure many would argue that the desserts are the true gem here but I'll update the review when I give them a shot!
<review# 538,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2013,5/29/2013,12,63,,2,2>Nothing fancy here but if you want great BBQ with good sides, check out Tremendous BBQ.  I ordered the two meat combo of brisket and pulled pork with bbq beans and collard greens as sides and a side of fried okra while my wife had the turkey and brisket with collard greens and fries. All sides were excellent with the exception of the fries as I am not of fan of crinkle cut fries. You place your order at the counter,self-serve you drinks and  find a seat. Your food is brought to your table when ready.The six tables in the dining room were mostly full but we found a table with no problem. There are a few tables available in a separate room if needed. The food arrived in a few minutes. The brisket was smoky and tender and probably the best in Jax. Ditto with pulled pork and  turkey.  I especially liked the crunchy smoky bark mixed with the pulled pork. Beans were ourstanding and collards were fresh and included chunks of fresh pork. Okra was lightly breaded and served hot. Two pieces of garlic bread round out the meal.This place is a local favorite and it was very busy the entire time of our Sat afternoon visit. It is my kinda place with no frills, great grub, friendly service  and serve-yourself beverages. Oh, did I mention the complementary freshly homemade Banana Pudding!!
<review# 539,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2013,5/28/2013,116,35,3,9,7>Now I know this post is slightly skewed. I mean, typically when I face plant a grilled cheese, it's on a late Friday/early Saturday morning after a successful night out with friends at the bars. Let me tell you, ever grilled cheese I make at this time is absolutely ah-maze-ing. So, when I visited The Happy Grilled Cheese on my lunch break this past week, I, unfortunately, was work-day sober, but I will do my best to provide accurate feedback of my visit!I had been waiting for at least a month for this Food Truck to open, so when I heard they were holding their opening day at Nova Southeastern University not even 5 minutes away from my work, I knew exactly where I would be headed for lunch that day!I do want to reiterate that I was there OPENING DAY. Any new restaurant typically stumbles a little so keep any negative comments I may mention as constructive feedback. SPOILER ALERT: I enjoyed my visit.First things first? I scanned their menu to try and figure out what I wanted to order. Typically I would order the 'classic' of whatever they server to try a new place for the first time, which in this case would be the Happy Melt. I just felt like I wanted a little something more, so I had my taste buds set on the All American Melt with American Cheese, Bacon & Tomato and the Homemade Chips topped with Beer Cheese.I was glad to see when I got there, they weren't out of anything yet. (This can sometimes be an issue with popular food trucks because they just don't have space to carry enough of everything and often sell out of their most popular items well before quittin' time)It was nice that they setup some folding tables and chairs, although when it was my turn, they were all claimed. (FYI, if you're entire party hasn't arrived yet, let other people sit down. don't save the whole table. By the time they got their food, I was done eating mine. Rant over.)Everything came out fresh. It was a little difficult carrying the cup of beer cheese in one hand with the sandwich in the other because the beer cheese was a little messy. (When is it not?) They should really push the chips on top of each other and stash the cup of beer cheese in the basket with the sandwich and chips!The chips had a good crunch to them. The beer cheese was definitely a good pairing. I personally wasn't a huge fan of the chips. To me, they tasted overcooked and burnt BUUUUT I think it's also me. I think these type of chips are SUPPOSED to taste this way kinda like 5 Guys french fries tasted (which I also do not like).The grilled cheese? Oh yeah. This was good stuff. It was cheesy, bacony goodness. It was a bit more bready than I would typically go for, but overall, it was good.  One thing I loved? The tomatoes were sliced so incredibly thin. Typically on cheesy sandwiches like this, they slide all over because the tomatoes are too thick and watery. These tomatoes did not take center stage on this sandwich.The next sandwich I think I'll try would be Porky The Melt with American, Cheddar, Bacon, Ham, Pulled Pork, Caramelized Onions, and Tomato.
<review# 540,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2013,5/27/2013,11,12,1,5,4>Aardwolf Brewing Company is a new brewery located on Hendricks Avenue in the San Marco area. Although Aardwolf does not currently brew their own brewskis, the bar features ample choices for beer lovers of all kinds. The cordial bartenders are prompt with their service and knowledgable of the different beers they currently feature on tap. Still unsure after a beers description if it'll agree with your pallet? Don't fret! The bartenders at Aardwolf will grant you a generous sample if you ask for one. Try it before you buy it! The rustic atmosphere reminded me a lot of some of the breweries I've visited in Colorado. Complete with plenty of seats and booths, exposed brick on the walls, and low lighting provide Aardwolf with a delightful ambiance. There is also a room sectioned off from the the taproom that features comfortable leather couches and chairs, an ideal spot for sipping libations and getting lost in conversation. Like most breweries, Aardwolf doesn't sell food. However, feel free to bring your own food and snacks with you. There is High Tide Burrito, Hurricane Wings, and a couple of sandwich restaurants nearby. The ample space in the parking lot allows for easy parking and makes it an ideal spot for local food trucks to set up shop.Overall, I'm excited to have Aardwolf in San Marco and can't wait to sample some of their own brews once they get the proper licenses to brew their own.
<review# 541,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2013,5/26/2013,110,135,5,12,5>As it turns out, I have some pretty credible friends who do some pretty interesting things with their spare time. My BFFL is getting married this fall, and we decided collectively that meditation would probably be in the best interest of public safety during the wedding planning process. We both did some shopping around and got some recommendations for yoga studios and somehow we ended up on MBody, partially from a recommendation from my massage therapist, and partially blind dumb luck. I'll say, this has been one of the best decisions I've made so far this year. I look forward to these classes more than most anything else in my week. The environment is always so positive, and the instructors clearly know exactly what they're doing. Each time I take a class with a new instructor, I think, "Okay, this one's my new favorite". They each add a different dimension to the practice, and I really appreciate all of them for their unique approaches. Kudos to Frank for explaining how to correctly get into a crow pose...never thought that would happen for me. I've been going for about 3 weeks now, and I have noticed significant changes in my physical and mental health, which is a pretty big deal to me. I've had several injuries that were treated incorrectly through really bad physical therapy, and to be able to do things I was previously limited from is incredible to me. For those of you teetering on the edge of making this part of your weekly routine, consider the following: 1) your first class is free. Free, my friends. 2) The deal they give to new members is $40 for the first 40 days. Not bad. 3) If you sign up with the regular membership, you can practice at their southside location or their neptune beach location. My only point of critique is the ridiculous parking situation. Beware, the businesses around MBody clearly are in need of some meditation (and maybe a hug), because they literally have a tow truck behind the building, waiting for you to park in a spot not designated for MBody. Don't do it. Anyway, I'm a fan. Definitely give this place a try.
<review# 542,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2013,5/25/2013,189,231,4,6,4>Meet the Cummer's new number 1 fan! I was thoroughly impressed with their selection of art work. From contemporary to Egyptian art, I was definitely not expecting this museum to have such an extensive collection. The garden is breathtaking! Such an incredible view of river. It seems like people are constantly having their weddings here, and it's easy to see why. Next time you're down in Riverside for the Art Market, take a stroll into the Cummer. Make a whole day out of it, you won't regret it. After that you can stop by O'Brothers for an ice cold beer and an order of the wings. Perfection!
<review# 543,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2013,5/24/2013,1042,533,3,6,4>Having recently returned from Argentina, with a side trip to Uruguay, I was stoked to try the meat at this new bbq spot.  I went during that lull between lunch and dinner and the place was sparsely populated, as expected for the time of day.  The young lady behind the cashier was excited and ready to advise me on what I should order.  I stuck with a known favorite - the 1/4 pulled pork sandwich with mac and cheese and sweet tea. Sounds like a winner...and it was!  I tried the meat first with no sauce.  It was smoked nicely but it wasn't as tender as I would have expected.  After pondering over the variety of sauces, I tried the vinegar-based sauce and the sweet sauce, which is typically my go-to staple.  They were seasoned quite well and surprisingly, the bread held up nicely to the decent helping of meat and sauce. That's a huge plus for me because I don't do soggy bread!  I was told that the individually baked mac 'n cheese was their biggest seller in terms of the sides, so I really had no choice but to try it. Thank goodness I did.  It was cheesy, gooey and creamy, which really helped this place earn 4 stars in my book.
<review# 544,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2013,5/22/2013,100,223,8,14,11>Bold Bean Coffee, my favorite coffee shop in all of Jacksonville! It kinda sort of reminds me of my favorite coffee shop hangout in Seattle, Bauhaus Books & Coffee. I was never a big fan of chain coffee shops like Starbucks, and in Jacksonville it is rare to find an independently owned coffee shops! Which really makes Starbucks the last resort if you want a somewhat of a decent coffee... That is until I discovered Bold Bean a few months ago! I love coming to Bold Beans. From the friendly staff, great atmosphere, and the wallet friendly prices makes Bold Beans the place to go for a chill coffee session with friends or your computer or a book. My favorite from Bold Bean is their Spicy Chocolate Latte, it is very rich in taste, has that spice kick to it and it just makes you want some more of it, especially on a cool day! What's unique about the place is how they have several different other varieties of toppings, like curry latte (very good as well) for example. Not in the mood for Coffee or tea? Well you are in luck! they also serve draft beer (not sure about bottled) from the local breweries, oh and also wine by the glass or bottle.. Overall I highly recommend Bold Bean Coffee for a great cup of tea or coffee or just simply beer and wine to enjoy the afternoon/evening reading a book or chatting with friends.
<review# 545,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2013,5/15/2013,69,7,3,4,3>I'm not a huge buffet person, but this place is awesome - even for vegetarians.  They have a million and one different kinds of everything - but it's all yummy.  Just make sure you don't miss the Pecan Cobbler....oh emmm goood!!!!!This place is locally owned and has an amazing history...two women joined forces to better themselves and are working to help better the lives of other once-lost souls like themselves.  It's pretty incredible, and a place definitely worth our support  :)
<review# 546,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2012,5/14/2013,3,10,,1,2>Best pizza in jax. Never been to New York but everyone I know that's from there says this is as real as it gets. It's small and quiet. and the owner is very nice. Love this place and recommend it to anyone.
<review# 547,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2013,5/13/2013,0,8,2,2,2>Great effing pizza and great effing awesome beers. You must stop in and try everything! Super clean and the staff is super friendly. Tons of Their own and other craft brews on tap.
<review# 548,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2013,5/12/2013,80,30,3,5,3>I was between 4.5 and 5 stars. This place is amazing. I am glad I chose to go there. The food is GOOD... I won't say "great" because it isn't anything new. An egg is an egg, right? But the Chorizo Omlette is AWESOME. Biscuits are homemade. French Toast is great. So my good comment goes more along the lines, as in that almost everything you can get here, you can get someplace else.The difference is that almost EVERYTHING that we got was done REALLLY well. Good presentation and taste. This is the kind of place that you go to when you don't really want to be seen. Can be crowded at some times, but today, it was a moderate crowd. Such a relaxed crowd, that the Mayor of Jacksonville, himself, decided to stop in and have a bite to eat, and sat down as if he was a regular. No one bothered him, and he spoke to several other patrons, especially the young people that were there. That is a good look for both this establishment, and the Mayor. If this area gets more establishments and businesses like the Uptown Market & Deli, I can see this area becoming a strong rival with the Riverside, Avondale, and Murray Hill areas as far as places to go. I will definitely go back again.
<review# 549,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2013,5/11/2013,40,80,2,3,2>Cool, cool, cool!  Must go back here!  You can buy Microbrewed beers cold or to go.  You can also buy bottles of wine, bourbon, scotch... many various bottles of what you prefer.  Bar with beer on tap and also beer from the coolers can be opened or taken home.  The selection is extensive and growing.I will stop back!
<review# 550,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2013,5/10/2013,116,119,3,6,5>Thank you, Groupon, for giving me an opportunity to try this place.  I'm so excited that a restaurant like this exists near my neighborhood!!!  When we walked in, I was pleasantly surprised at the decor -- wow, it was definitely bigger than what it appears to be from the outside!  The bar area was a decent size and they had different types of seating arrangements -- bar, square tables and bistro seats, high bar seating, and formal booth seating.  The only thing I didn't like about the booth seating was the way the seats were laid out.  They chose cushion seats, two on each side, so if you were on a date, you had to pick which side to sit on instead of being able to sit in the middle.  Anyways... onto service.... Service was interesting.  We had a very energetic, southern woman who I think was quite forward with wanting you to order a drink immediately.  However, throughout the evening, we shared some laughs and she provided us expert knowledge on all the menu items and the restaurant.  Now onto the food...Everything we had was delicioso! :)  We started off with a dozen raw oysters on a half shell.  They are from Apalachicola, and are only served at the restaurant Fri - Sun.  Typical oysters you'd find at the local seafood restaurants at the beach.  They weren't gritty, and they tasted fresh.  For dinner, my bf ordered the Seafood Fra Diavlo that was on their seasonal menu.  For $23 (I think) you get a HUGE, I mean, H-U-G-E portion of fresh pasta and fresh seafood -- shrimp, oysters, mussels, calamari, etc.  It offered the right amount of spicy kick to the palate :)  There was enough to take leftovers home for dinner the next day.  As for me, I ordered the pork chop... yes, southern style pork chop.  The beautiful chops came out thick, wrapped with prosciutto, and were cooked at a medium temperature.  I was a little disappointed that the best part of the chops was located only in the center, but the apple butter with sweet potato polenta and braised collards made up for the slight dryness of the chops.  I ate waaay too much, but still had enough to take home.  We were too full to try dessert, but the dessert of the night was a cheesecake -- if they had bread pudding, then I would've taken that bambino home with me!
<review# 551,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2013,5/9/2013,79,94,2,4,2>Whether you are looking to catch a drink at their upstairs lounge or have a flavorfilled classy dinner, this avondale spot always guarantees a good time. I went there this past december for a  double date and (despite choosing to have dinner right in the middle of the lumanaria - holy traffic!) had a very pleasant evening full of great service and better food. We started our evening off with the Oyster sampler. I am usually snobby when it comes to oysters on the half shell (I like to shuck my own...its a pride thing), but these oysters were so succlulent I was tempted to order more. You wouldnt think spinach or cheese would do well on this slimy delicacy, but blue fish made it work!It took us awhile to place our order, we just could not decide what to go with! The specials of the day were so tempting, yet their classics are always a hit. I decided on the crusted triggerfish with spinach as a side and my bf decided on the gumbo. We did not look back and both devoured our delicious dishes. The seafood was fresh, the toppings were light and complemented our chosen entrees. Our friends ordered the mac & cheese which I could not take my eyes off of. I had to stop myself drooling over it once or twice and made a point to order it next time. Will definitely be back. I hear they have a great brunch as well!
<review# 552,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/24/2012,5/7/2013,161,465,5,6,4>Tried Pancitan for lunch recently with two friends who are experts... ok... by experts I mean, one is Filipino (hello auto-expert) and the other has been known to try so many cuisines and have been in Pancitan before as well.... so now that we have their expertise established, I will say that the very limited Filipino dishes I know are, lumpia, pancit, and adobo.  So yeah... when I was invited to try a Filipino restaurant, I was excited.Walking up to the restaurant, I asked my Filipino friend... "what does atbp mean?"Turns out, it means 'etc", so the restaurant name means they have pancit and more.  Pretty cool... Now I feel a bit more knowledgeable and armed with "I know what your restaurant name means"... we stepped in.The place is pretty good sized and is a 'sit down' restaurant.  My limited previous experience of Filipino food was more of the cafeteria style, where you see all the dishes already made and you 'point' to which dishes you want (point point food!).So we looked at the menu, which, has a LOT of pictures yay!  We ordered the lumpia (of course), the crispy pork belly, a veggie with shrimp paste dish, a seafood pancit like dish, a butterfish dish, and a pork stew dish... sorry I don't remember their names lol....  But YUM.  Everything was delicious.  My friend armed me with a take out menu so I can study it at home for our next time here, that I will know what the heck I am eating....
<review# 553,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2012,5/6/2013,22,42,3,5,4>Tired of the same old cold subs from the same old sub shops? Are you in the Avondale/Riverside/Murray Hill district? If so, stop by Whiteway Delicatessen on King St! My coworker pal and I have been frequenting this place the last few weeks, each time trying something new. The menu is pretty big, so it hasn't been hard to do. Most of the sandwiches that I've had were served warm, on toasted sub rolls, but they also offer sandwiches on bread and in pitas. Sam, the owner, is usually working the counter and is very friendly and inviting. There's a hidden camera somewhere behind the counter than snaps your photo, you'll see evidence of that on the walls. Kinda creepy, but the photos are fun to look at, haha. They do tend to put tabouli on all of their sandwiches, but if you're like me and not a fan of the stuff, you can just ask to have it left off. Overall, a very tasty lunch spot!
<review# 554,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2013,4/26/2013,295,309,1,7,3>We made our 2nd visit to Brooklyn Pizza tonight. We dealt with Sebastian who is the store manager. This trip we (my wife and I) dined in. We ordered two hot subs (no pizza this trip). We cut them in half and each shared a half. We enjoyed a Veal Cutlet Parmesan and a Italian sausage and pepper sub. Both subs were AMAZING!!! The best we had in Jacksonville to date.Here is what helped make it so special....We were asked when we ordered the veal.... how would we like it (the veal) cooked, what kind of cheese would we like (mozzarella or provolone). Then we were asked how we would like the bread toasted! We were asked when we ordered the sausage... would we like hot or mild sausage, how much sauce would we like? We ended up with the hot sausage. SO GOOD!Did I mention the bread was home made??? It was! Did I mention they make their own sauce? They Do! Each sub was $7.49.... such a great deal for such a good sandwich.I am eager to go back and try the pasta dishes. Then for a little treat we ordered the Zeppoles.... with a side of raspberry sauce. We watched as Sebastian made the Zeppoles from scratch! And they were amazing (like everything else we had). In case you don't know, Zeppoles are little deep fried pizza dough balls (sorta similar to beignet). We also found out they have a gluten free pizza option! All in all a great casual dinner for about $20 for two. Five Stars Hands Down!
<review# 555,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2013,4/25/2013,6,14,2,3,2>Beer:30 has carved out a unique niche among the burgeoning beer district organically forming along Riverside's King Street. The store itself isn't large, however the product mix is well thought out (the only place I know of that sells Hebrew beers, although I wouldn't recommend guzzling one down).  And while there are several stores in town (and the neighborhood) that have a good selection of craft beers, what sets apart Beer:30 is the knowledgeable staff.  They will recommend what to buy (and shockingly) what NOT to buy.  That's right, I have been told on more than one occassion that I probably wouldn't like what I asked about.. but that I might like this (in most cases, cheaper selections).  Case in point, over the summer I was curious about a Cigar City cucumber beer and saw on Facebook that Beer:30 had some in stock(in summer I tend to drink some light lagers and pale ales).  Being a big Cigar City fan, I walked in and asked if it was any good?  They said I probably wouldn't like it.  Remembering I had bought some Sierra Nevada Summerfest a few days earlier, he suggested I try Lagunitas' A Little Sumpin' Sumpin' Ale.  Perfect choice!  Two days later, I did pick up that Cigar City cucumber beer (my curiousity just had to scratch that itch) elsewhere and it proved to be a $14 bottle of an undrinkable mistake.  A few weeks ago, while talking about a camping trip the week earlier along with picking up a six pack of Brooklyn Winter I asked for any additional suggestions.  They suggested a Cigar City / B. Nektar combination and said 'if you ever wanted to bottle drinking beer by a campfire, try this.'  Once again, it was another homerun of a suggestion!If you know what you want ahead of time, call ahead and they will chill your selections so your beer will be ice cold upon arrival.  Have a question?  You're missing out if you don't ask any of the gents behind the counter.  I'm certainly glad I have.
<review# 556,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2013,4/24/2013,307,776,2,5,4>I was pondering this morning on what to eat for lunch and where to go. I thought of yesterdays choice and how good it was Black Sheep. Then I read an article this morning and made my choice. Terra, brand new and the menu sounded really fresh and inviting. So off I went from the airport to Avondale. Now I arrived and it was not packed but had a nice showing. The hostess greeted me very fast and led me to the quit little high top on my choosing. I have already studied the menu at home and knew that I wanted to try many of the small plates menu. I ordered the pork belly skewers, chorizo stuffed mushrooms, and the Charcuterie plate. A must if it is offered. Now my food looked amazing and after the normal pictures I dug in. The charcuterie was fabulous and ham was very smooth and the flavors were very deep. The sopressata was also quite nice with good flavors. Now the salami was good but not great. OK the mushrooms, presentation was spot on perfect in their little cast iron skillet. They were hot with just the right amount of chorizo. Not spicy hot but a calming blend of flavors that was very pleasing. So last but not least the pork bellies skewers. It was good, a little on the bland side and the apple was almost not there. I do cure my own bellies also with bolder flavors. I would order them again and probably will when I bring the wife, friend, or anyone who wants some of a great menu. The food looks amazing and the flavors are extraordinary. I will see y'all real soon.
<review# 557,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2013,4/23/2013,6,31,2,4,2>Went for my first time today. It was the most enjoyable experience I've ever had getting my haircut. Niki was friendly, thorough and precise. Classy joint, a free beer, and the best quality service. I won't go anywhere else!
<review# 558,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2013,4/22/2013,123,186,,4,2>I've always loved Brio. The SJTC location is no different. Their menu is awesome. Though, in the future -- I'll go for weekend brunch, since that's my favorite menu. The service at this location is so much better than any other Brio I've visited. Our son took a spilled before we entered the restaurant, so we asked for a little bag of ice. They happily brought it out, but the what stood out is the fact that the restaurant manager took it upon himself to check on our little guy and bring him icecream so he'd be happy. It's the little things that make such a big impact. :)Thanks Brio!
<review# 559,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2012,4/21/2013,31,87,3,1,2>So publix is is little more expensive than other grocery stores but have you been in a Walmart lately. I was in a Walmart in El Salvadora a  while back. It is exactly the same as a Walmart in America.  Think on that for a moment..... It is not a complement. Now lets get on to why I'm here, the publix sub.  The publix sub is hands-down the best sub ever made, publix subs take other sub sandwiches like subway and fire house and ninja kick them in the face.  I don't know why. The guy making them is never that nice. There isn't anything special about the ingredients. They are just better. Bottom line the food may be a bit pricier but we are not talking Whole Foods prices here and it is clean. Did I mention the sub?
<review# 560,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2013,4/20/2013,227,252,2,5,3>I've been to Native Sun a number of times over the last 10 years and my biggest complaint is that there is not one anywhere close to where I live. I happened to be "in the area" today and decided to pop in for something to eat from their deli. I opted for the Cajun Salmon wrap (I only got the half for $3.99, but it was plenty) and it was delicious! I definitely want to stop in more for lunch, but when you work at the beach, heading to Baymeadows for food just isn't plausible. I must also say that I was impressed by how much Native Sun looks like a full on grocery store now instead of just a health food specialty store like in the past. Native Sun if you're reading this we need one at the beach! Thanks!
<review# 561,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2013,4/19/2013,50,79,3,4,3>This is the greatest place on Earth. Well, certainly in Jacksonville. I love sandwiches, and this place has the ultimate array of clubs, pitas, heros, and hot dogs. Being German and having a girlfriend who does not love the cuisine of the Rhineland, this place is perfect for us, because I get to eat my bratwurst, knockwurst, german sausage, summer sausage, sauerkraut, schnitzel and all the like, while she can enjoy a muffuletta, chicken sandwich, hummus, or a salad. If I had any complaints, it would be that the menu is TOO expansive (I never know what I'm going to get, there are seriously like 70 options), and that the sandwiches come with chips, not fries.The service his been stellar every time I've been there, they have large 22oz. draft beers available, and do not get me started on their bakery. HOLY FREAKING CRAP! Seriously, spend the $25ish it'll cost to order each of their delicious cookies. Start with the German Chocolate, the Oreo, and the Peanut Butter Chocolate. I swear to God, I could live off of those things.
<review# 562,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2013,4/18/2013,122,140,3,5,3>Service bumps this place to a 5. The food is consistently good. Tried the steak tonight and liked it. My hubby had fun trying all the wines. The valets are great. Steven always treats us right. Chelsea is a great waitress and remembered us. I hope she didn't dread having us again. HahahaChad- the owner-came and remembered us, as well. He made sure several times all was good. He's great! I'm so excited to have this great place as a new regular!!!
<review# 563,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2013,4/16/2013,47,236,7,4,5>I am not sure what I expected, but this was an unexpected gem.  Service was impeccable, decor was classy, the pace unhurried.Okay, I had a difficult decision just on what to try, but with some assistance by the hostess/cashier/waitress I tried the Duck Confit sandwich.  The combination of the gruyere cheese and duck was good, but not great.  The bread and the condiments were fantastic and the crab bisque, however was excellent and the split it in two so my friend and I could share.There are at least a dozen dishes I would like to try, so while it was not near my office nor near my usual route, I will be looking forward to coming back.
<review# 564,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2013,4/15/2013,245,83,5,5,6>This place is the mthafkin truth! I was watching Unique Sweets on Food Network and I they were showcasing a Banana Split cupcake. I was in a daze and thinking damn I want to fly to Denver and get this. I vented my feelings to my friend and she asked if I've tried Sweet by Holly. Nope never been...so we planned to go the next day. I checked Yelp, yup 4 stars looks good, so then I check out the website. I go to press coverage and the page never ends, ok I see you Holly out there hustlin! Then, I saw she won Cupcake Wars twice....that was all I needed to see...close page.On to the noms, we decided to go with a dozen mini cupcakes, all different flavors and made sure to get Red Velvet for obvious reasons and I had to get the White Out - white cake, white chocolate buttercream and white chocolate vermicell because I love white chocolate. I quickly inhaled both of them and I couldn't stop smiling. Not too sweet, with just the right amount of frosting.My friend said she saw on there Facebook page a Nutella cupcake and I saw a White Cap cupcake but we couldn't find it. I decided to ask the cashier and she said they were yesterday's special =(.....but yes there is a BUT, she said she had 2 mini Nutella cupcakes left that were in a fridge behind the counter. I'm reaching for my wallet and she says take them there FREE! oh giggety! She put them in these little Chinese take-out boxes it was bowsss. She was really nice and I was mesmerized by her green eyes. I thought for sure they were contacts but she said they was all n a t u r a l. I didn't eat the Nutella cupcake til that night and deyum it was scrum-dilly-umcious! Forget the other 2 I tried. The Nutella is bout that life! They need that in the "starting line-up" for sure!They have a $1 mini-cupcake special on Mondays (price is usually $2) if you feeling cheap. Julie A. says they have bacon donuts? I def gotta try one a dems next time. If your anywhere near this place you gotta get some damn cupcakes! I don't usually eat sweets, but when I do..I get cupcakes from Sweet by Holly.
<review# 565,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2013,4/14/2013,48,98,3,3,2>This place is absolutely amazing and very authentic.As a few other people have mentioned... when you first walk in you may think you walked into the wrong place.... actually at first my friend and I did walk into the pizza place next store!When you first walk in it looks like an old convenience store.  They sell everything from Mexican soda, to food, to clothes, to cowboy boots (which looked very cute).  If you are brave enough and not too nervous you continue walking and a familiar sight of tables will be within view.  This is a small place, it has two tvs usually playing Mexican soap operas.... about seven-ten tables, and a run down atmosphere.  As soon as you sit down you'll be greeted with fresh chips and salsa, always a plus!  The menu is in English, and very authentic.  We got the nachos as an appetizer and ended up having them for the majority of our meal.  The nachos were huge and absolutely amazing.  Highly recommended.  They come fully loaded with chicken and beef.  After munching on our nachos we ordered three sets of tacos: tripa(tripe), lengua(tongue) and chorizo.  All three were amazing and not your typical tacos.  They come on soft shells, which was also a plus!All in all this place is five stars all the way.  If you like Americanized Mexican this isn't the place for you.  And if you are into fancy clean restaurants, this also isn't the place for you.  The food is delicious, the prices are cheap, and the atmosphere is authentic.Highly recommended.My friend and I have been talking about those nachos for two weeks now and how we cannot wait to make a trip back!
<review# 566,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2013,4/13/2013,59,108,3,4,3>Had the pleasure of dining here a few weeks back for the first time. The ambience quite modern with a rustic flare. I decided to order something simple to get an idea of the chef's inspirations. I went with the half chicken. It was the most well cooked/presented chicken I have ever had in my life. Completely erased the image of "simple baked chicken" and was one of the prettier dishes I had ever had the pleasure of eating. Not to mention, the incredible muscles and French lamb my date ordered which were equally as delicious and well executed. This place is one of the better spots in Jax to take a date. Highly recommend.
<review# 567,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2012,4/12/2013,94,79,2,3,2>My husband & I just moved to the San Marco area and were looking for something quick/inexpensive for a 9:00 Friday meal. We chose High Tide & were not disappointed. They have a good selection of burritos, bowls, taco, tortas, etc to choose from & have drink specials (we had $2 beers).I had the house burrito with chicken & my husband had the ultimate with barbacoa. The meat in each was seasoned well, tender & moist. The best part of the meal had to be the chips, though. They were salthy/spicy & super crunchy.We did have an incident while we were there & management took care of it professionally. The server actually dropped the burrito on my lap (sour cream, salsa & all), and I received a free burrito for my next visit.All in all, will prob go here again.
<review# 568,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2013,4/11/2013,91,54,2,6,3>It's a treat to find a neighborhood restaurant these days where food quality and service upstage ad budgets, free Wi-Fi and slick websites. Especially the kind that dares to roam within range of the chain-crazy St. Johns Town Center.A myth, you say? I know some authorities on mythology who might say something about that.Toward the eastern edge of Gate Parkway, just west of Interstate 295 on the Southside, you'll find Greek Isles Café, a skinny storefront next to the Island Girl cigar bar. I found the place in pursuit of a late lunch Saturday, with no waiting for a booth. Seating is rather (yes, I'll say it) spartan, with six booths and two tables. But what they lack in seating they make up for in Greek blue, which covers the booths, floor and wooden shutters that flank large prints of Aegean scenes.While the bulk of the menu highlights Greek fare, there are plenty of all-American standards to satisfy, including burgers, salads and sandwiches. They also serve up a respectable mix of egg dishes, waffles, French toast, pancakes and omelets daily until 2 p.m. Kids get five items just for them, all $6.  Promising menu notwithstanding, I spotted a whiteboard of lunch specials and placed my bet on Chicken Cacciatore with linguine ($9.95). Yes, non-Greek food, I'll admit, but it was at the top of the specials board so I couldn't resist. The entrée came with soup or salad and bread. I opted for the house salad with Greek vinaigrette, which was light and tangy with fresh onion, bell pepper, pepperoncini, tomato, black olive and romaine. It came without weighty adornments such as cheese or croutons, just right for us waistline watchers. The Chicken Cacciatore was a hearty portion of sautéed chicken seasoned with onion, green pepper, stewed tomatoes, wine, and oregano atop linguine. The flavor of the chicken and veggies was excellent and lived up to its "special" marquee. The linguine was a bit on the clumpy side, like it needed a good toss with its upstairs neighbors to meld the flavors. The butter-drenched slice of baguette that came with it probably canceled out the salad's previously heralded waistline benefits.My server was on the spot with regular deliveries of Coke Zero ($2.25, bottomless). I'll gladly add Greek Isles to my short list of area restaurants that feature this all-too-rare fountain flavor. You can tell a lot about a Greek restaurant by the strength of the sugar coma you fall into after baklava. Greek Isles offered a version ($3.50) that exceeded all expectations, dripping with sugary syrup between layers of phyllo dough, chopped nuts and what resembled a gooey brown sugar paste. I'll be back for more.While my lunch tab was pricey at $16.80, it was more dinner-like with salad, bread, entrée, drink and dessert. Breakfasts range from $2.50 to $9.95, and most lunches can be had for $6-9, with standard entrees in the mid-teens and only two more than $20. Beer and wine are available.Greek Isles is a casual place that is within walking distance of a plethora of apartments and condos. It's also a convenient lunching spot for area office parks. It's a simple place with good food that seems to do a lot of things well. If you're taking a break from the chains, this is a promising place to start, and start learning your mythology.
<review# 569,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2013,4/10/2013,54,14,2,3,3>We were supposed to go to Ovinte, but they had a 2 1/2 hr wait. So we went to the charming Corner Bistro.  Piano man playing, fabulous wine & cocktail list, cozy atmosphere and excellent service. It was great for a first date!
<review# 570,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2013,4/9/2013,180,254,3,5,4>Oh, good ole Dreamette. This place is a true Jacksonville institution. Perfect for a hot day, or when you're in need of a little something sweet. Love the flavors and variety -- recently had a birthday cake vanilla cone dipped cone. The kids' size is plenty too.It is cash only and the outdoor seating is very limited. Milkshakes, sundaes, cones, cups...all things ice cream abound.
<review# 571,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2013,4/8/2013,1290,322,6,13,10>Immaculate, authentic Brazilian cafe with uber-friendly onsite owners!All food, (including baked goods) is made in-house...my favorite.  I tried the Frango sandwich - thinly pounded, well-seasoned grilled chicken breast with cheese, deli sliced ham, fried egg (YUM), lettuce, tomato and corn -- yea... I said corn, all on a delicious freshly baked bun.  This item listed under 'Burgers' also incorporates a layer of potato sticks on top of this sandwich.HUGE!  Definite pre-sandwich squish recommended on this one.Yucca is cut into small tater tot bites and are cooked beautifully as well.Lot more menu to try at this little Mandarin gem. :)
<review# 572,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2012,4/7/2013,64,181,3,6,3>This review is based on my going here early in the day during the week. Due to that, the prices were low ($5) and it was not packed. The popcorn was fresh (although over priced) and the theater and bathrooms were clean. The movie started on time and there were no sound or picture problems.I've been to this theater many times over the years and have decided that week days are the optimal time to go. I've been there on weekends and in the evenings and the theater always seems to have cleanliness issues, projection, and sound problems.
<review# 573,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/4/2012,4/6/2013,22,144,4,6,2>I had such high expectations about Corner Taco, that I feel so let down by the actual experience I had to try it a second time before I reviewed. My first experience of Corner Taco was at Art Walk, I had the buttermilk fried chicken taco. It was the only option left. My "taco" was simply a whole piece of buttermilk fried chicken on a fresh tortilla. It was sooo boring!  I couldn't believe that it was it! I thought there would be more.Well, I had to give Corner Taco the benefit of the doubt that it was the end of the night and they were tired. So, at the King Street Farmer's Market I ordered the Rock Shrimp Taco and the Asparagus Taco. It was exactly the same as before. The Rock Shrimp taco was pieces of fried rock shrimp on a tortilla.  The asparagus taco was exactly that pieces of grilled asparagus on a tortilla. Honestly, the asparagus was delicious, but the rock shrimp was so/so. Both "tacos" were very underwhelming and simple, but not in a good way. I'm not sure why any of the tacos were called tacos. I would not be surprised to see a meatloaf taco next!
<review# 574,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2013,4/5/2013,18,205,1,7,3>I finally ate here; it was only lunch, but that counts.  I went in knowing that I was going to get the bacon and oyster sandwich.  A friend had it the day before and couldn't stop talking about it.  Well add me to that list.  I was telling everyone I saw for the next couple of days about this sandwich.  The bacon was thick, tasty, and cooked perfectly.  I wouldn't even call it bacon, more like a perfect piece of bbq pork.  The meat just fell apart.  The oysters were lightly fried, maybe even breaded and baked.  The accouterments were perfect. The sandwich was almost too drippy with juices and flavor.  Event the side salad tasted great.  You can tell that thought and care went into this plate.I'd eat there every week if I could burn off those calories.
<review# 575,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/27/2013,4/4/2013,64,149,3,4,2>Noodles, noodles and of course more noodles! This place is okay in my book. The soups come in various different sizes but only have one size togo and that extra large! The broth is somewhat bland for my taste but nothing some salt and hoisen cant fix. The prices are decent on the pho bowls but the appetizers forget about it. Personally i cant stomach paying more than $3 for some eggrolls and theirs is more than that! The service is what irritates me so much about this place. They know they have a lot of customers and they know ppl like them but some how they think they can get away with treating their customers like doo doo. Yes they smile but of course you can still see how they snub their face when you say you want water or would like to order something additional after you have placed your order. This place isnt my first choice for pho noodle. personally i like pho king on beach much better.
<review# 576,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2013,4/3/2013,181,120,2,6,8>We tried the "Super Bowl - Pork BBQ" at Downtown Jacksonville's "Community First Saturdays." Food Trucks don't necessarily mean FAST food and although the line wasn't long we waited around ten minutes for our order. But with the azure sky, the beautiful downtown skyline and the sunshine twinkling along the St. Johns River, who could complain?We enjoyed a the salty bbq pork that was lightly glazed and mixed it with the cilantro slaw (which tasted a lot like guacamole), spicy mayo, and cilantro ranch. It was served over a bed of the GREATEST FRENCH FRIES I have ever had in my life.I want that to sink in. They were THE GREATEST FRENCH FRIES I HAVE EVER HAD IN MY ENTIRE LIFE! Each french fry was masterpiece of perfection and expertly coated with coffee bourbon molasses. It was the most interesting french fry flavor my mouth had ever experienced. The crunchy texture of the crystallized molasses mingling with the mocha sweetness was amplified by the crunch of the perfectly fried potato. Instead of the vapid french fries one could get at McDonalds where you consume and consume and are never satiated, just eating ONE Gourmet Aviator's French fry blew my mind and I knew, "I can die now....I've finally had the greatest french fry of my life." Gourmet Aviator's pièce de résistance will surely have a cult following soon.
<review# 577,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2011,4/2/2013,36,26,5,4,3>I went here for a dietetic social so I got a deal and can't really rate for the price. All I had to do was pay $5 and I had access to a delicious buffet of Greek salad, spanakopita, hummus, tzatziki, keftethes, and chicken wings. It's hard to find good Greek cuisine but Yamas definitely has it. I was not a fan of the wings but the drinks were worthy of my attention. Most importantly, the staff was fun and our server got our group giggling when he'd randomly grab stacks of napkins and threw them up in the air to shower over us. By the end of the night, me and a friend joined in a chain of Greek dancing around the restaurant and joined in a quick dance on the table. Definitely try it. They'll have you yelling 'opa!' in no time.
<review# 578,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2013,4/1/2013,33,3,3,7,4>Bold City is one of my favorite places of all time. This is the original craft brewery in Jax and (in my opinion) the best. The staff are all very friendly and helpful. 1901 Red Ale is my fave but I also love their Dukes Brown Ale and Killer Whale (there really isn't a beer of theirs I don't like). The laid-back atmosphere is what really makes the place special. With the large selection of board games to choose from (Jenga, Apples to Apples, HeadBanz, etc.), a cozy little brew room and delcious beer, it's difficult not to have a good time. Don't forget about the $6 burger/sandwich plates from Jolly Mon!First timers get a free sampler of beer--be sure to ask!
<review# 579,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2012,3/31/2013,54,83,3,4,4>I would like to first say that if you don't know who Esperanza Spalding is, you need to find out ASAP. Tonight's concert was absolutely PHENOMENAL and the Florida Theatre's atmosphere had everything to do with the awe-inspiring effect Miss Spalding and her band had on the crowd! The acoustics were out of this world, and of course it sounded great to me because I was in the 2nd row (lol) but at one point I had to break myself away from the enchanting music and jog to the bathroom; needless to say I could have enjoyed myself just as much at the double door entrance. It is a beautiful building, old but well taken care of (like a favorite grandparent lol). Large enough to seat a substantial amount of people, but not a labrynth coliseum type where if you leave your seat to do anything, good luck finding your way back. In an odd way, it is very cozy! I will definitely start frequenting this venue more often; it is completely non-profit and all proceeds are in order to keep this building standing and to support live music. Oh, and I guess I got lucky because according to the other reviewers, the seats are very small and there isn't mch leg room...I'm here to tell ya ladies and gentlemen, I am 6'0 and had enough space to cross my legs without bumping it into the seat in front of me. The only time space became a problem is when someone had to go use the bathroom...we literally had to dang near stand in our seats to let them by...and I was on the end so my musical zone was interrupted more then a couple of times lol Other than that, no complaints at all from me; plenty of parking outside the theater (there is an event parking garage convienently placed only one block over, and an event parking lot right across the street) and the seats are perfectly set up so that no matter where you are, the music as well as visibility is perfectly clear. This is definitely a Jax favorite for me!
<review# 580,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2012,3/30/2013,12,48,3,7,3>Glad to see another pho place in the area! Hope it survives since previous businesses in that exact location didn't do too well. Decor is nice. Staff nice. Food was fair. I had the special pho, spring rolls and iced coffee. My husband had the spicy noodle soup. He really liked his. One suggestion for the coffee....the tiny glass that the hot coffee comes in for you to pour into your larger glass with ice can be hot. I had to put napkins around it to pick it up. Maybe a mug would work better? Would definitely go back and try more things.
<review# 581,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2013,3/29/2013,202,207,4,5,4>These where the BEST fries I've had in a very long time. They way out do McDonald's, Burger King and Wendy's fries.  Prolly because they use peanut oil here.  The menu is packed with all kinds of different flavors of sea salt and toppings. They even have sweet potatoes fries and offer toppings for them too. I wanted to get the "Cinnamon & Brown Sugar" sweet potato fries, but the girlfriend and I had the Small "Angel Ranchers" fries.  basically fries with ranch on them.  Super good!  I started hearing people talk about how good they were and I was glad I had some.  Stop by and be Amazed!!!
<review# 582,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2013,3/28/2013,1555,1215,7,10,7>Hi highly recommend Dr. Turner as a family practitioner!  She has a wonderful bedside manner and she spends as much time as necessary to make sure all your questions have been answered and all concerns have been addressed.For the most part, Dr. Turner runs on time.  There have been a few occasions where I've had to wait over an hour for my appointment.  But again, this is not something that happens all the time.The nurses in the office are also all wonderful.  They too have very good bedside manners.The doctor and her team of nurses all treat you like you are a human being and not just another number walking through the door.  That's very nice to find in today's medical field.I also fully feel as if I can trust Dr. Turner, which is also nice to find in today's medical field!
<review# 583,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2012,3/27/2013,35,62,2,5,3>I have been dying to try Safe Harbor Seafood Market and Restaurant for a while, but we can never get out there when they are open. Last weekend I had an opportunity (Ivan was off on Saturday), so we finally got to check it out! We got there around noon and the place was packed. It's not your typical restaurant in so many ways. The main way is, it is also a seafood market. When you walk in the door, the first thing you see is fish counters. There are counters running the length of the restaurant with all kinds of different fresh fish. I also found out that Safe Harbor supplies a lot of the local seafood restaurants in town. I thought that was pretty cool.Another difference is the way you order. You order at the counter, get a number and sit down, and they bring the food out to you. By the time we got there, the line was already to the door but it moved pretty fast. One of the neat things about Safe Harbor is that you can see right into the kitchen from the counter. The workers are back there preparing the restaurant food as well as preparing the fresh fish for the market. I absolutely love it when you can see in the kitchen. It is one of my favorite things :)We ordered our food and took a seat outside. Our food didn't take that long to come out, but we were enjoying the nice weather and the lovely view, so we wouldn't have minded if it did. For an appetizer we got the Fried Mushrooms. My husband doesn't like mushrooms, so these were all mine! The mushrooms were breaded, fried, and served with a side of dressing (we think it was thousand island dressing). The mushrooms were nicely cooked and juicy while the breading gave it a nice crunch. I didn't think I could, but I ate the whole thing!!For my meal, I got the Combo Basket with Crab Cake and Scallops (grilled). It came with cole slaw, fries, and hush puppies. The crab cake was rather large and was so tender that it nearly fell apart when I ran my fork through it. There were lots of crab in there and not a lot of filler. I got the scallops grilled and they were delicious. After a few bad scallop meals recently (see previous blog posts), I was really excited to get some good ones! There were only 4 scallops in the basket, but they were big and I wasn't left feeling like I needed more. They were cooked perfectly and were so soft that I was able to cut them with my fork. I usually like to dip scallops in ranch (what don't I like to dip in ranch??), but these were really good with just the butter that was melted on top.The fries were of the average crinkle variety, but still tasted good. They were crisp and hot and far from soggy (like some other places that shall remain nameless.) The hushpuppies were also a winner. There were 2 in the basket and I ate both. It was a feat after eating everything else, but I managed to do it!My husband also got the Combo Basket, but got Crab Cake and Shrimp (fried). His basket also came with cole slaw, fries, and hush puppies. Ivan's description of the shrimp is that they were plump, tender, and perfectly breaded. He was also impressed with the crab cake and proceeded to eat in silence while he devoured everything!The verdict-Loved it! We thought the prices were great and the food was spectacular. The view from outside is beautiful and if you buy something from the market, they even have a fish cleaning station outside for you to use! The pelicans have figured this out and have taken up residence by the dock.
<review# 584,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2012,3/26/2013,55,170,4,8,4>Two words for Intuition: BEER HEAVEN.  Being new to Jacksonville, we acquainted ourselves with the town by following the good beer... and starting out visiting the local breweries.  Intuition is hands down the best in town.  The variety and sheer volume of different types of beer they brew is impressive and they are SO good.  Our favorites are the I-10 and The Face IPA and they are some of the best beers I've ever had anywhere.  The first time you go, I'd recommend a sampler so you can try a bunch of their beers to find your favorites.They don't serve food, although sometimes local food trucks or vendors come by.  The interior is roomy for a tasting room, and is a lot of fun.  If you find a beer you like, buy a growler like we did and take some home with you!  They're also now selling some of their beers in cans, available at local outlets, the brewery and other COOL places.  Reading other reviews, I'm surprised at the comparison to Bold City.  The only things the 2 breweries have in common are their location (they're only a few blocks apart), and the fact that they are both JAX-based breweries.  In my opinion, they couldn't be more different.  The beers are very different, and Bold City brews only 4-6 types of beer, I believe.  You'll go to Bold City and sit in the cozy tasting room and play a board game, or you can go to Intuition and listen to good music in the modern, minimalist tasting room.  There's a time and place for both, and in my opinion, I think we're lucky to have both as additions to the ever-growing JAX beer scene!
<review# 585,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2008,3/25/2013,0,5,2,6,2>This bar is a must!!!!! They have 32 draft taps, I thought I was in heaven.  Great specials all week and good bands on Thurs & Sun.  Plus it's right by all the other great beach spots so it's easy to bounce around.  Great for all ages (21&up).  Great classy crowd usually.
<review# 586,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2012,3/24/2013,12,5,2,3,2>Fresh made to order bacon cheeseburger! So juicy and delicious! Service was quick and the staff and owners were very friendly and attentive. Clean, casual and laid back. Oh, and the milkshake was amazing! If only I lived closer I'd be there much more often. But I will definitely be back and recommend Sharky's.
<review# 587,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2012,3/23/2013,7,19,3,5,4>You'll be served with a basket of wheat rolls, jalapeno corn bread, and pumpkin bread.  I would come back here for the pumpkin bread alone!  Very yummy, moist, and not heavy.  (P.S.:  Our server asked which of the 3 we wanted, which I thought was nice).I ordered the she-crab soup, he ordered the cheesy potato soup.  Both were very good (although I found the potato soup a little too salty).  I ordered the shrimp n grits.  They make theirs quite differentthan what I'm accustomed to, but I liked it alot.  It had a good amount of andouille sausage. It comes with a good bit of "broth" in it, which has a tangy flavor to it. Also has bell peppers; and the shrimp is seasoned with what seems to be a cajun spice (it's red).  All these ingredients makes for a VERY savory dish. The grits itself was creamy.  Boyfriend ordered the pot roast, which he loved.  (He did say it was on the salty side, but he liked it that way).  We were lucky to have perfect weather yesterday.  We sat at the deck.  The view of the intercoastal was beautiful.4 stars for the pumpkin bread, she-crab soup, and pot roast.
<review# 588,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2013,3/22/2013,87,220,2,5,3>I am back for another 5 star rating and this time, it's for brunch! I went for the soft-opening last week and everything was wonderful. The service, the food, and the menu were all what I have come to expect from this establishment. Get the potatoes than come on the side of the omelet, then thank me.One thing I also appreciated was that since it was a soft-opening, it was 50% off. Recently, I went to another restaurant that newly opened and was told "We're still experimenting with out menu" but there wasn't a discount. That's fine. I'm happy to be a guinea pig and help you grow your business. (I'm being 100% honest, no sarcasm intended.)However, Black Sheep gave us comment cards. Our server asked us to please fill them out because they value feedback. The owner came by to ask what we thought of our experience. At the other restaurant, our server didn't even ask us how we liked the food or what we thought of the things she suggested. I just think this shows the difference between doing things the right way and just doing things.And, to confirm, Black Sheep gets five stars from me because:a) It supports other local industries and I love my city! I wish more businesses were this thoughtful.b) The service is always great and beyond what you get in other restaurants.c) The food is smart without being pretentious and it's always yummy. d) It adds even more awesomeness to the atmosphere in Five Points.e) I just happen to really enjoy it and I think you will, too!So, you can believe the hype and go see for yourself, or take the opinion of the person who recommended you eat at establishments with prior health code violations instead. Hmm...decisions.
<review# 589,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2013,3/21/2013,7,33,2,2,2>Pretty good sammiches!  I had the chicken club and the wife had the egg salad.  Both were good and tasty.  Bread was toasted to perfection.  I'll be back next time around!
<review# 590,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2012,3/20/2013,241,1176,3,7,5>Pumpkin donuts, red velvet donuts, maple bacon donuts. My mouth is starting to water just thinking about all the different options. It's so hard to choose just one.Girls in the office that live near by here used to bring them in from time to time; especially when the pumpkin donuts came back for the season. Finally got up one morning to run errands and decided to stop by here with my husband for a sweet breakfast treat. It's not somewhere our waistlines can afford us to go on a regular basis. But whenever we're in the mood for a treat, we'll definitely keep them in mind.
<review# 591,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/18/2012,3/19/2013,64,165,6,9,3>Clark's is one the best atmospheres I've ever had in dinning due to the rad decor.They have stuffed wild animals all over the place. The walls, the ceilings, a live gator in a tank off to the side of the restaurant, tigers, lions, giraffes, monkeys, buffalo, etc. What's even better is while you're looking at all of this hardcore decor (inside or outside with a beautiful view on the river), you can even try eating some wild game that you may never find or even encounter anywhere else in your lifetime. In one dinner sitting I was able to eat Snake, frog legs, antelope, oysters, and kangaroo! Our server wasn't that great though. She seemed lost sometimes and wasn't engaging to us at all. Service is not so good here.Fried Frog Legs -Interesting food. Not a whole lot of taste to them. I expected them to taste like swamp water or have a lake taste to them. They taste like a soft and slightly creamy chicken wing. If I had to order them again I would certainly get them charred instead of fried, because the fried batter Clark's puts on them is pretty lame. It's really soggy; I actually peeled it off after my first bite because it wasn't good at all. I wish Clark's spiced them as well, maybe they do when they char them ... ? All in all I would recommend some frog legs as appetizers; fun food.Snake -Wow this was not at all what i was expecting. This meat is by far the toughest meat I've ever eaten, probably because most of a snake is going to be muscle (I think). In fact it's tougher than beef jerky; It was so tough that any utensil i could get my greasy fingers on would not cut through it. I had to physically pull the meat apart into small chunks with my hands. When I mean pull ... I literally mean pull the meat apart. I could only eat a few pieces of this and had to stop. The fact that it was so tough meant I was chewing one small piece for a long time. I was only able to chew a few of them up entirely and actually swallow it. Snake doesn't have much taste to it, and i would say it's fairly close to tasting like beef jerky.Kangaroo -This was also very interesting food. Very lean meat, and a little tough. Although not near as tough as snake it will take a few bites to chew this meat up. If I had to compare it to anything, it has a little resemblance of tasting like deer meat. I wouldn't do this as an entree, but certainly a good appetizer. They also give you barely any of the meat and for 9 bucks it certainly seems over-priced.Antelope - I had this as my entree, and it was excellent food. It's a very lean meat and frankly it tasted like a lean steak. Throw some A1 sauce on your plate and you pretty much have a very good small steak. I can't compare it to anything I've had before. It's definitely better than the kangaroo meat, but antelope has it's own distinct taste.Steamed Oysters - I'm not a seafood fan at all, but I'm willing to try everything once. These smell like lake water and taste like lake water. I could not eat these as an entree, but they were not bad tasting just isn't my type of food to eat a lot of. They are also very gritty, and that was probably from the sand I was eating that was left over in the shell.Macaroni and Cheese -Excellent side dish. Thick gooey cheese spread over beautiful soft noodles. Loved this.Fries -They were ok, nothing special. Certainly didn't seem to be homemade, and possibly were also store bought or frozen fries and then warmed up.EDIT* - 2ND VISIT - LOWERED A STARThis visit didn't go so well. Again the waitress was terrible just like the first time. I'll give her a little leeway as she was handling two large parties of about 40 people. Still though I only got one drink all night as well as a lot of other people at our table. My g/f had to ask her 3 times to bring out her drinks. She took our orders and didn't take one of ours and she never came back. So while most of us were all done eating one guy hadn't even placed his order yet. That's when we went to the kitchen to get service and have the chef take his order. Then his order came out before someone else that had already placed their order with the waitress. It was just terrible.I still stand by my review from my first visit about their fried food not being that good. Their batter is to soggy and leaves a lot to be desired.Smoked Eel - Tastes a lot like tilapia, but softer.Fried Yak - Not bad, and not great. It's like chicken nuggets, but chewier.Filet Mignon wrapped in bacon - Enjoyed this, but not the best steak I've had.
<review# 592,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2013,3/18/2013,10,13,9,8,5>CUSTOMER SERVICE ALERT (but in a good way)!  My wife went to pick up some sliders to go for us this afternoon...got back to the office and realized that we were accidentally shorted one.  She called in the hopes of maybe getting the missing slider at a later date.  Not only did Taylor B. deliver TWO more sliders to our office, but she included a cookie and a gift card AS WELL!Truly above and beyond!  Thanks guys.Also, Lindsay is now obsessed with the bangin' shrimp slider and considering re-naming our expected first child, Taylor B.
<review# 593,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2013,3/16/2013,110,135,8,7,6>This one has been a long time coming, however I feel that my integrity as the most reliable source for all things breakfast hinged on several visits in order to give the best possible opinion. You're welcome. I experience a mix of emotions each time I visit MSBC:1) sheer delight over all things related to biscuits being made right before my eyes2) eager anticipation, paitently waiting for some of the best sausage gravy (with a kick, as their menu lists) this side of the Mason-Dixon3) panic and anxiety, trying to decide what answer to give the cashier for whatever question they're using to name my order that day (twice I've gone and they've asked me to identify my order name by my favorite childhood TV show...naturally Ren & Stimpy won)4) impatience standing in the always-long line caused by a less-than-ideal ordering process, yet always ending with5) pure, unfiltered satisfaction upon completion of my meal. Kudos to the owners for first of all, always being in the location on a busy Saturday morning behind the counter in aprons gettin dirty with the rest of the staff, but also for bringing a much-needed-change-of-restaurant concept to my beloved San Marco. I'd say that the perfectly close proximity to my front doorstep gives this place a higher notch on my list of favorites, but in all seriousness, I'd drive quite a ways to enjoy this delightful little Saturday treat. Most everything on the menu incorporates their amazing biscuits. Do not approach intending to eat light or health-conscious. There is bacon. There is fried chicken. Did I mention there was sausage gravy? There's sausage gravy that will make you question how you ever thought your life was complete before. When you visit (and you will), add a cup of self-serve Maple (yes, like syrup) Coffee to your order. You won't regret it.
<review# 594,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2012,3/15/2013,48,215,2,7,4>OMG is right ( although they'd probably frown on that saying ) Every time I have eaten here the food is consistently very good, filling and delicious.A few blocks off the Interstate 10, half way between 295 and downtown is an amazing authentic soul food/southern restaurant with exceptional cafeteria food. In a stipe mall of sorts, clean, bright and cheerful with a broad section of clientele. Blessedly, no religious propaganda either.I had a $7.95 meatloaf lunch special that was succulent, tender and tasty. Really good mac n cheese and the best onion stewed green beans, along with a piece of down home cornbread.Sweetened tea and pineapple upside down cake topped off the best lunch I have had yet in my new home town of Jacksonville.Dont know their religious doctrine as they are operated by some church but I sure hope they are open, affirming and progressive folks 'cause I sure wanna come back soon!This is my favorite restaurant here in Jacksonville, bar none.
<review# 595,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2013,3/14/2013,74,816,2,5,2>We ordered a pizza for take out from here and it was very good!  Probably in the top 3 that we have tried in Jacksonville.  Everyone behind the counter was super nice when I went in to pick up the order, I'm guessing they were all members of the family who owns the restaurant.  I'm disappointed that I lived right by this place for over a year and never noticed it - they should do some advertising!!I want to come back and eat at the restaurant and try a few more dishes.
<review# 596,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2012,3/13/2013,81,39,3,6,3>I LOVE local businesses and especially those with flair, panache, and a truly unique flavor!This little gem tucked into the Mandarin Central Shopping Center is the brainchild of Debbie Burgess. She is a wonderfully upbeat and passionate entrepreneur who celebrates the freedom of riding her motorcycle down the road and looking great while doing so. The shop specializes in everything you could ever use to accessorize yourself, your home, or your beloved scoot. T-shirts, jackets, boots, bags, hats, and some saddlebags. They get items from all over the US and not just the local market so there is a lot to choose from. I picked up a new ball-cap and a gift certificate for a friend who is a bike enthusiast. I'll be back for more! Check it out!!!
<review# 597,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2013,3/12/2013,116,35,6,7,5>Almost a year ago, my friends and I bought a 90-minute package to Trapeze High Florida in Middleburg via LivingSocial. I'm not sure we really ever thought we would ever use it.But finally, on the second to the last day of the year, we finally all managed to get together and show up at the place. I'm still not sure we were expecting to get on the trapeze even though we were there.The place is literally just an empty lot off the side of the road. There's really NO curb appeal at all. It's a lot, a porta potty, a storage  unit, and the trapeze setup. Not really a comforting site to see if you're already nervous about the situation.After the looooong car ride (just 30 min), I was relieved to see they had a porto potty on the property.Biggest hurdle to overcome?The loooooooong ladder. It REALLY shook. I'm told it's bolted down, but that was still a bit freaky. You wear a harness around your waist. It's really tight (which is a GOOD thing). When you go up the ladder, you attach to a 'seat belt type thing' in case you slip, you won't go anywhere. I made my way up to the ladder. When you get up to the top, they make you hold on the white poll.When it's your turn, you stand with your toes hanging over the edge. They snap on the trapeze wires to each side of your harness. Your left hand holds onto the white bar. Your right hand reaches out and attempts to grab the trapeze bar all while a girl behind you is pulling back on your harness so you don't topple over.Once you manage to catch the trapeze with your right hand, you're told to LET GO of the white bar you've been desperately white knuckling with your left hand and grab onto the trapeze bar with both hands, bend your knees, and jump...You hold on and swing back and forward, then they yell 'hut' or something like that, you're supposed to let go and fall on your back. If you don't let go, you continue to swing back and forth. Then he'll essentially suspend you mid air and tell you to 'flap your arms' to get down. Seriously. He will start picking on you. A little weird, but overall it was good.Letting go of the bar, you experience the freakiest 0.0000021 seconds of your life. You've let go of the bar, start to fall.. and fall.. and fall...and start wondering.. um.. where's the net???  right after, you hit the net.Once you land on the net, you're expected to stand up and waddle over to the guy. You grab two pieces of rope and he helps you flip off the net and land onto the ground.After you master "The Banana", you're brought over to a side trapeze bar to practice. Here you're taught how to hold onto the bar, swing back and forth, flip your feet through your hands and hang from the trapeze bar on your knees. Simple, right?You do test run to show you've mastered this skill. This is also when I stopped trapezing and started watching. My hands were killing me. I typically have problems at Timed Exercise with my hands hurting and getting blisters. I need to get some gloves. I'm not sure if they would allow me to trapeze with weight lifting gloves on though.Overall, we had a blast. It definitely challenged some fears, but it was a good time. Definitely something I can check off the list. Would I do it again? Sure! We'd also love to bring our men because we know their monkey toes would LOVE to do this.
<review# 598,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2011,3/11/2013,248,231,5,7,4>Yummmm! Gorgeous decor, delicious food, the desserts looked amazing (I'll hit them up next time). I had a turkey and bacon club sandwich and it was ridiculously delicious for such a simple concept. And it was more food than a reasonable person could want to eat in one sitting.My only complaint was that breakfast ended at 11am. ON A SATURDAY! What the heck is that? I'm barely awake at 11am on the weekends. Whatever, the menu looked promising. Will update next time, as I'm positive I'll go again. Go there BEFORE 11AM. Otherwise, get the crab stack. You'll die. DIE!
<review# 599,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2013,3/10/2013,2,1,3,6,3>This place has great BBQ, no frills just good food.  Had the brisket which was well seasoned and the Carolina chopped pork which wasn't overwhelmed by the vinegar sauce.  The sides were good, plenty to share.  The owner/chef gave us a free banana pudding just to see what we thought.  Would definitely recommend this place, we will be going back often.
<review# 600,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2013,3/9/2013,100,223,3,9,6>Great little wine store in the Avondale area. I love coming here to get my wine! They have just about every selections of wine there is. If you have a question about a certain wine don't hesitate to ask, the staff member will gladly help you with any questions you have.
<review# 601,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2013,3/8/2013,180,303,,4,1>In the past, it always seemed that I was coming through JAX when it was nothing but construction. Now, it's like a brand new airport. Usually, you'll have to deal with a line to check in and I'm still not a fan of the parking setup, but significant changes for the better have been made. Once you get past security, which can get rather busy during the holiday months, the terminals are open and brightly lit. Each has a moving walkway (which is what I usually opt for) right in the middle to get you toward your gate just a bit faster. This setup is much better than years past when, if you were on a small, regional jet, you had to rush to the end of one terminal and down a flight of stairs to find your gate. So this change is definitely welcomed. My only issue, now, is the fact that if you fly in after 8 pm, everything is closed. While it was nice to walk down to the baggage claim and have my bags waiting for me, I really wanted to grab a drink and none of the vendors in the main area were open. As for amenities, there is a USO lounge for military members, a meditation room, an art gallery, and the main waiting area in front of security has a whole line of rocking chairs in which to relax. JAX also has free wifi for those tech savvy folk that can't bear to be disconnected. There could be more choices when it comes to food, but with the size of the airport, I can see why this hasn't changed.
<review# 602,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2013,3/7/2013,23,108,2,6,4>Ordered the devil in disguise...... oh yeah great drink. Started with the empanadas and bacon mac and cheese. Both were really good if I had one complaint it would be more noodles to go with that yummy cheese sauce. Ordered the taste burger and pasta carbanara our friends the burger also and the lobster Risotto.  All were really good and I loved the burger. For dessert we ordered Red velvet cheescake, yum,  and s'mores which were just regular s'mores but something about roasting marshmellows just makes me so happy. Check out taste and all they have to offer.
<review# 603,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2013,3/6/2013,179,583,3,4,3>Attended an event there last night and the museum was gorgeous. Once the rain cleared, we were able to go outside and view the landscape and fountains. Dancing with the Jacksonville backdrop was just icing on the cake to a great night. I'm mentally planning to check out other exhibits at this museum.
<review# 604,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2013,3/5/2013,63,49,3,5,5>Give this place a shot! They have so much more than just middle eastern food, if that's not your taste. But if you're a fan as I am, be sure and try the hand rolled grape leaves and the kabob meals are great and made to order. Oh and did I mention that they have made from scratch Baklava??!!
<review# 605,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2013,3/4/2013,2,15,3,4,4>Amazing food, amazing service, amazing ambience!! Made reservations for a Friday night Birthday dinner! So glad that I chose Matthews. Our server Pavel made the experience so special. My "Birthday Boy" even received a card signed by everyone who took part in our dining experience.
<review# 606,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2012,3/3/2013,79,94,2,4,3>YUM YUM YUM! Great service, fun menu and, most important of all, good food! Its almost easy to miss, tucked away off of King Street, but you'll be sad you did. The atmosphere is pretty laid back and the walls are covered in creative murals. The menu can be VERY overwelming at first glance. I recommend setting it down a couple of times before you really commit. They have great beers on tap for a reasonable price and even feature some of Jacksonville's own brews.With an encouraging nudge from the server, we started wtih Carmines version of a caprese salad. This consisted of pitas adorned with buffalo chicken, mozzarella, jalepenos, ranch and other seemingly mismatched food items. We were skeptical and proven wrong. This appetizer was delicious, not too hot and the flavors mixed beautifully. Our pizza was just as good. I believe we chose the purple haze, I could be wrong on the name. It featured eggplant, sausage and ricotta among other things. I could not get enough of this flavorfilled pie! I was actually sad when I realized I was full and decided to take the rest of the pizza home. Good thing I got to enjoy it when I got home! I will definitely be back. They deliver and stay open late! My new kickbacks perhaps??
<review# 607,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2013,3/2/2013,16,244,6,10,4>Wow.  Just... wow.I have been aware of Shep's for years, and always told myself "I must stop in someday."  Today was the day.I wasn't sure exactly what to expect, I guess I was thinking something like J&W Discount in Murrary Hill.  And, while it is like that, a bit, it's more.  It's kind of like J&W, Big Lots, and a home improvement big-box all rolled into one big somewhat unorganized (looking)  store.I saw fog juice (think rock bands) and GAP shopping bags and tarps and rainsuits and plumbing supplies and floral arrangements and area rugs and craft items and shoes and clothes and furniture and office machines and outdated software and interesting art and odd food items and lightbulbs and health products and an inflatable kayak and wallpaper remover and...I spent over an hour in the place, and did buy a few things.  Some were "needs" and some were "what the hell" items.  I spent under $10.  I count it as an entertainment expense.  I mean, I bought a pound and a half of anchoivies for 99 cents.  Will I ever use them?  Probably not all of them, but if I use THREE, I'm still cheaper than if I bought a small tin at [insert local grocer here.]Some of the items are "salvage", which translates as "well used," some are overpriced, and some are quite reasonable.This is not a place where you go shopping for "ketchup" -- go for "condiments," and be amazed by what you'll find.  It's like shopping in a museum of questionable taste.They take credit cards, with a $10 minimum.  All sales final.
<review# 608,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2012,3/1/2013,90,59,2,4,3>I share Jessica S.'s excitement about having an Ethiopian restaurant in Jacksonville! I've been here twice with large groups; both times the food has been consistently good but the service and ambience were very different each time. It's definitely a fun and interactive eating experience. One of our friends had never tried Ethiopian food before but jumped right in with tearing pieces of injera bread to grab all the different items. Definitely not for eaters who have OCD issues about sharing or different foods touching. LOL!The first time I came on a Thursday night with a group of 7 people. It was very quiet and we received prompt service. We asked the waiter for a meat and a veggie combo platters and also ordered the tilapia filets dish. I wanted to order the whole fried fish; unfortunately, they were out but the tilapia was very tasty and met my picky seafood standards. Everything was delicious and we had to take home some leftovers. This was a solid 4-star experience.The second time I went on a Saturday night, again with a large group. When we first arrived, there was a table with 2 other customers and the place slowly filled up over the course of our dinner. The ambience and service was really different from my first experience -- the TVs were showing A Bronx's Tale while some music with heavy bass was playing simultaneously. The waiter seemed reluctant to pull away from the movie at times. I mean, it's a good movie and all but I'M HUNGRY. It took us so long to get anything we needed -- water, drinks, napkins, order extra food, ask for extra injera -- that after a while we joked about wanting to just step in and help ourselves. The food was good but due to service/ambience I'd rate this time 2.5-3 stars. Overall, I'm glad Jacksonville has a Ethiopian restaurant and that the food is good! Hopefully they can work on making the service & ambience match the quality of food though. I couldn't decide between 3- or 4-stars but I award extra star bits for being one of the few (if not only) Ethiopian restaurants in town AND having pretty good food.2 meat combo platters, 1 tilapia dish, a few drinks for 8 adults and 1 kid in a high chair = $12 per person (tax & tip included) and we were completely stuffed when we left. Excellent value for food quality and amount.See Bob S.'s review below for info about location.
<review# 609,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2012,2/28/2013,116,119,3,4,5>I LOVE this place!!!  It's intimate, hip, and totally green.  I'm diggin' their wine selections -- the waiter was quite knowledgable about all the wines!  I'm also diggin' their creativity with their dishes.  I love the cheese plate and will get that every time I go here!  I'm happy to see this place move in.  I like to see the competition among the local tapa joints.
<review# 610,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2012,2/26/2013,12,63,4,6,5>My wife and I have tried most of the the BBQ joints in J'ville and  have been disappointed more times than I care to remember. Fortunately, this was not one of those times.  Upon entering Tanks, you place your order at the  counter, pay the tab, grab a seat at one of the several tables and wait while your food is prepared.  Your food is delivered when ready. The wait was short. I ordered the two meat combo, brisket and pulled pork, while my better half ordered smoked turkey. Two sides came with the meals - beans and mac'n cheese for me and onion rings and fried okra for my wife. Cornbread was also ordered.  All sides were fresh and outstanding but must single out the mac'n cheese and onion rings and okra as they are among the best in town.  It was  explained all sides are made from fresh ingredients  on site each day. The mac'n cheeses is made individually when ordered. The pasta is cooked ahead of time but the 'secret' cheese sauce is  added when  an order is received.  All I know is it is really good. Likewise the okra and onions rings are prepared daily from fresh vegetables.  Drinks are self serve from a dispenser.The pulled pork and turkey were excellent while the brisket was a little tough and stringy but tasted quite good.  This is a family establishment and the staff makes you feel like part of the family. When delivering our food, the cook explained the three sauces on the table and offered to bringa 'hot sauce' from the fridge if desired. Yes! He explained the  hot sauce was actually one of the regular sauces with roasted jalapeno peppers added. It enhanced the flavor of the meat without overpowering and was excellent. It reminded me of Mojo's chipotle hot bbq sauce...only maybe a little better. High praise from a lover of hot bbq sauce! The portions were huge and we took home part of the pulled pork,  brisket and cornbread.Our total was $31 which may sound a little pricey for bbq but it is well worth the money.
<review# 611,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2013,2/25/2013,41,22,3,5,4>It was Siberian Husky appreciation day so my husband and I decided to bring our 12-week old Siberian Husky puppy for the first time since we only had to pay $5 instead of the usual $11. The regular day pass price is still quite reasonable. I read the park's rules on the website and thought they sounded a little strict so brought my puppy's vaccination papers in case they asked for evidence. However, the staff was very friendly and the girl up front just asked us how old our puppy was and if he got his second set of vaccinations. I offered to show her the papers but she said it wasn't necessary.The park is absolutely huge! There's lots of trees and the grass is well-maintained. There are different sections of the park made for specific situations like small dogs, for young kids to play in etc but we stayed in the Swim-N-Play area with the man made lake. I loved watching other dogs play in the lake. There's dogs of all shapes and sizes running around enjoying the park and socializing with other dogs. Unfortunately, in like all places, there are those people who are the reason why we can't have nice things. There was a lady who let her dog play roughly with other dogs and didn't even pick up his poop. People, if you're going to come to a dog park, you need to be a responsible dog owner. Don't be THAT person. Our puppy has been shy around other dogs so we were hoping to socialize him a bit and get to know his fellow four legged friends. A dog park might have been too much for him all at once but he needed it! He was a little timid at first but he opened up and started playing with dogs his size. He was still scared of getting sniffed by the bigger dogs but he'll get to their size (maybe even bigger) soon enough. Hopefully within the next couple visits, he'll learn how to sniff other dogs' butts and become social with dogs as he is with humans. I just don't want him to turn out like my sister's anti-social pomeranian. Our puppy absolutely loved the park and passed out on the drive home and he had the best nap ever at home. We enjoyed the experience too. I was considering getting a yearly membership but one of the rules is that male dogs 8 months and older need to be neutered to enter the park. We haven't decided if we're going to neuter our little boy but I'll probably just go for the monthly membership for now until we make a decision. All in all, this park is a great place to take your dog for some fun exercise and healthy socializing. Its wide open space has a great atmosphere and well-maintained landscape. The staff is super nice and very informative. All the dogs I saw looked like they were having so much fun and so did our little pup. Even I had fun watching them. We'll definitely be back and I'm sure my puppy can't wait until our next visit!
<review# 612,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2013,2/24/2013,13,12,2,3,2>This is the place to go for Hookah happy hour! Great hookah selections, great price, and good food. I had the spinach pie which was by far the best I have ever had. Their falafel was ok, not the best. Have the Turkish coffee, so good. The hookahs last  along time with a table of 3-4 people and the staff keep the coals hot.
<review# 613,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/16/2012,2/23/2013,161,465,2,9,3>Went to Pho. A Noodle Bar a couple of days ago for lunch.  It's a new place (where Chew used to be).  The menu looked interesting, but unfortunately, the flavor is a bit lacking.  Given it's a new restaurant, I understand there are kinks to work out before the restaurant can run smoothly.  So the very slow service is expected as the restaurant was PACKED shortly after we sat down.  I ordered the Oxtail Pho and my husband tried their The Works.  My sister and our friend ordered the duck noodle soup.  We also shared a sandwich.Of all the food items we ordered, surprisingly, the oxtail was the most bland.  The Works was also very bland.  It was surprising since The Works should be their main staple dish being that it's a pho restaurant.  The base broth was just not flavorful.  The oxtail in my noodle soup was cooked nicely in that the meat falls off the bone (yum), but it was lacking in flavor that I had to add a fair amount of sriracha in my noodle soup to give at least some kind of flavor.  The duck noodle soup was good and the sandwich (forgot the name of the sandwich) was tasty, though a bit pricy for the portion.For the price, I was hoping the food would be much better than this.  The service was pretty slow, but given it's a new restaurant, I am hoping given time, their operation will get better.  I hope they improve their soup broth as well.
<review# 614,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2012,2/22/2013,22,42,,7,3>I had my best meal of 2012 this past Saturday night, and I had it at The Blue Fish. I made reservations for an intimate 7:30 date, and my dining companion and I dressed out before descending on The Blue Fish. The restaraunt was busy, and as noted in other reviews, a bit loud, so we chose to dine on the patio. The night air was just starting to chill, so the owner of the restaurant stopped by to turn on the heat lamp located near our table. We got to speak with him for a moment, and for the first time in the evening we realized how much love goes in to this place. The second time would come as we dined on our meals, but I'll get to that in a moment. I was happy to find that they serve Bold City Brewery on tap, as it's a great local business (that I've reviewed before) and quality ale. I went with the tried and true Killer Whale Cream Ale, which ended up complementing my meal quite nicely.We started out with a dozen oysters, raw. They were cleaned well, and very fresh. I almost killed my brain with horseradish though. That's my fault. I suppose they give out bread here as well, though ours didn't arrive until our meals had come. The bread seemed a bit under-cooked for me, a bit gummy on the inside, but that's hardly worth docking points over. Now, our meals are where the night really shined. We asked our waitress what she recommended, and like the professional she was, she recommended the two most expensive dishes on the Specials Menu! We thought this was amusing, both of us having worked in the service industry, but we ended up selecting those two dishes anyway, intending to share. I ordered the Mediterranean Pan Seared Halibut ($32), and she ordered the Imperial Halibut ($32). My Mediterranean Halibut was cooked perfectly. It came on a bed of what I assumed was kale (it didn't say that I can recall), which was laying on top of a roasted red pepper puree. Roasted red pepper puree kind of puts me off, because it looks like it should taste like sweet potatoes. Again, that's on me. The flavors of the puree was fully realized, and robust. It was a real treat. The same can be said for the roasted tomatoes that were atop the fish. They were sweet, salty, acidic... all the good stuff, and they really blended the rest of the flavors together.  A bite featuring the fish, the tomatoes, the puree and the kale was just divine. My companion also enjoyed what she tasted of mine. Her meal, the Imperial Halibut, also pan seared, featured jumbo lump crab meat on top of it, and sat on a bed of mashed potatoes. The entire entree was covered in the most delightful lemony beurre blanc I've ever had the pleasure of tasting. Her fish was cooked to perfection. With our two meals and our drinks our tab came out a little over a hundred bucks. Had this not been a special occasion that would be a bit higher than I'd be willing to pay for a meal, but I can't say that it wasn't worth every cent. I look forward to the next time I can visit The Blue Fish.
<review# 615,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2013,2/21/2013,1042,533,2,4,2>This must be one of the best deals around - the lunch fajita meal for $7.95 (even on the weekend!).  After a fellow yelper recommended this place over another Mexican restaurant down the road, I decided to pop in and order lunch to go.  I got a huge helping of steak, grilled onions and peppers, rice, beans and "the fixins", along with piping hot tortillas.  What a deal!  My only complaint would be that they only offered two tortillas and to their credit, there was too much steak for just two tortillas.  Well, I guess for a deal like this, something's gotta give.  Not to mention they also threw in a bag full of warm tortilla chips and a container of salsa, which was mild with a little kick.  What a deal...did I say that already? :-)
<review# 616,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2012,2/20/2013,30,43,2,4,3>2nd visit, and every bit as good or better than last time.  I decided I wanted to make the 25 minute drive over here for my birthday, as we often go out to eat somewhere closer to home.  I think I'm just going to have to go out of my way to come here more often.  Once again, the service and the food were outstanding.  We started off with the Prince Edward Island mussels, which were young and sweet.  Instead of the usual white wine, we opted to have them in marinara - which was so good we ordered more bread to sop up the sauce after the mussels were gone.  Wife had the Grouper Francaise special, and says it was the best piece of fish she has had anywhere.  I had a taste, and I concur.  Perfectly cooked, and the sauce had a very nice balance of lemon and capers.  I had the Veal Primi - artichokes, herbs, black truffle, brandy cream sauce.  Oh my!  Perfect.  This restaurant is a must go!
<review# 617,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2012,2/19/2013,13,5,1,1,1>I love Mosfire! The staff is friendly and the unique cuisine make this a great place to eat and relax. They have great drink specials including happy hour and margaritas on tap. When I go to Mosfire I always invite friends. We all agree relaxing upstairs on the couches is the place to be! I hope you enjoy Mosfire as much as we do!
<review# 618,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2012,2/18/2013,58,47,4,5,3>I can't get enough of this place! The food is amazing, the atmosphere is wonderful, and the staff is friendly and helpful! I have dined at The Good Food Company twice, with plans to go back again and again. I am constantly suggesting this restaurant to friends and coworkers. Food recommendation: Lamb
<review# 619,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2012,2/17/2013,52,60,1,5,5>GO HERE! Food is great and authentic. Owners are very nice and knowledgeable of all their FRESH items. I am a big fan of their Gyros and Chicken Shawarma Wrap. Lamb Tikka was okay, adding green chutney really brought the flavors out.
<review# 620,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2013,2/16/2013,7,17,4,3,2>Been to Ted's a few times now.  Never been disappointed.  Have had a variety of menu items, burger, tuna, shrimp - it has all be excellent.  I don't consider it a dump or a dive, rather an "intimate dining room with local character"- ok, no it is a dive, but who cares, the food is awesome.  The staff is very friendly and you won't go waiting for a refill or a smile during your meal.  Worth the drive and the wait if you time it wrong to enjoy simply great food.  Don't forget to bring cash as that is all they take.
<review# 621,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2013,2/15/2013,50,84,4,6,4>My whole family loves Gumbo Yaya's!  When you walk in, you might think you're on Canal Street instead of Beach and San Pablo.  Mardi Gras, Saints and LSU memorabilia lines the walls.  My kids always leave with a string of beads around their necks.My son and I always order red beans and rice, which is flavorful with just the right amount of kick.  I dip the delicious fresh bread that comes with it, and mop up every last drip of flavor.  My oldest son enjoys the dirty rice and Cajun fries.  I've also sampled the étouffée and jambalaya, and enjoyed them both.  My husband had the shrimp poboy, which he said was lacking something (but he ordered it without mayo, so, yes, it was lacking something per his request).  On weekends they serve crawfish boil, and the owner said they fly the crawfish in every Friday morning.  They also have their hurricane mix shipped in from Pat OBrians.  Abita beers are on tap.  I want to come back Monday through Thursday, when they serve fresh beignets.  Sounds so good, especially with some Cafe du Monde coffee...If you can't make it to NOLA, this place is the next best thing.
<review# 622,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2013,2/14/2013,53,13,4,7,6>As a transplant from the Pacific NW to Jacksonville I sorely miss my coffee culture. Thus I began my search for the best espresso/coffee shop in the area... I entered Bold Bean to find the requisite exposed rafters and slight industrial feel of the best brew pubs and roasting houses. The menu was a chalked up menu on the wall with an interesting mix of drawings and listings (a nice departure from the norm.) I ordered a large latte for here.The espresso was a great pull and the foam art was the classic leaf. The taste was rich and not overpowered by the milk as often the case is. As for the ambiance of the place. It had a nice vibe to it, plenty of chairs and tables for a nice conversation of a drink and even a few overstuffed chairs if you're lucky enough to grab one. I came to drink and get after a new book that I'm reading. The only thing about the place I didn't enjoy was the music. It was a bit too loud to really focus completely on the book. That being said, it was an overall average sitting experience. Disclaimer: If you aren't coming to do some reading this will have literally no effect on your enjoyment of the place. BBCR also has a nice variety of brew methods for your coffee as well as a nice window into their roasting facilities. Definitely looking forward to trying more things on the menu.
<review# 623,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2013,2/13/2013,23,9,4,6,4>Bandeja Paisa - Sirloin steak, pork sausage, pork rinds, egg, plaintain, corn cake, avocado salad, white rice and red beans.   What can I say, I showed up hungry and didn't want to have to choose so I went with the 'little bit of everything' [surely that's what Bandeja Paisa means?] menu item and am so glad I did.  I enjoyed it so much that Ive totally forgotten what my husband ordered, although I DO remember that he enjoyed his order as much as I did.   Fair warning, the portions are huge, so this was a lunch, dinner and lunch for me.Oh, and do yourself a favor, treat yourself to one of their fresh fruit slushes.  You can have it made with water or milk, we went with water and ice, I ordered the mango and it was heaven in a glass.  Next time, I'll try their Guava.  I'm a fruit addict so this is right up my alley.This is ran by a husband and wife and their son.   The husband took our order, he was very welcoming and suggested the fruit drinks.  WIN!   Their son finished off the table service and was such a JOY to have around.  His happy personality just spilled over on the whole experience, he's enough reason to return, although the food is also a big reason.
<review# 624,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2012,2/12/2013,295,309,,6,3>Fisherman's Dock rocks! :)The fish they sell is uber fresh, and reasonably priced for the quality of the product. We purchased some snapper which we cooked up tonight. It was amazing! So good. The woman who manages the place filleted the fish for us while we waited. We have also had the scallops from here, as well as the salmon. They have a really good selection of fresh (whole and already filleted) fish. There are live crabs, lobsters, clams and oysters. We lived in Phoenix for a long time, and we did not have these types of fish markets there...so visiting here is always a treat.
<review# 625,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2012,2/11/2013,783,779,14,18,13>I have a mixed relationship with PURE. I don't hate it, but there are other places in town I'd like to try. But in the end, I can't help but go back there every week or so. It doesn't help that too many people I know are in LOVE with this place. In some ways, I am too. I like the EDM techno music they play on Wednesdays when it is mostly a younger crowd decked out in EDM gear and gloving and sometimes big name DJ's come to perform. On Fridays, they play Top40/EDM techno, and the dress code keeps the mixed crowd looking nice and classy. But don't ask the DJ to play Gangnam Style. He hates that song with a passion! Haha But one of the coolest things that get me coming back here is the crowd. The regulars are really cool people who are just there to have fun and enjoy themselves. The drinks are pretty delicious too. I never cared for cranberry vodka but they make them really tasty here. Oh, and if you smoke, there is a smoking area outside, so the place doesn't stink up your wardrobe. That's always a plus for me. Another really cool thing I like about this club is that they get pretty creative with their events, Candyland themed event with ladies dressed in candy inspired clothing, Masquerade Ball in which everyone dons masks, their monthly Climax party which celebrates birthdays (and birthday people get their pics on the flyer), and their One Year Anniversary featured a balloon drop, $1000 cash prize, and a lighted dancing robot. What.The.Funk? That night straight up felt like Vegas, with how packed and ridiculously fun it was. Did I mention people on the guestlist got in free and it was unlimited liquid forgetfulness ALL NIGHT LONG for women? Yup. I hardly remember that night. I do remember only spending $1 for tipping the bartender. I wanted to give her more later that night but I forgot. Haha.In the past, I was scared as heck to return to this club when it was still called Tera Nova due to some bizarre car accidents, but since they changed the name it seems the curse is gone and I haven't got into any doofy accidents. Haha. However, I DID lose my keys on the dance floor that One Year Anniversary event due to liquid forgetfulness. Turns out I dropped the camera a few times and luckily a nice girl I didn't know returned it to my friends. (Thankfully the camera still works!) I must be the only person who still carries a regular digital camera. (Hey, the batteries in my phone die out too quickly!) Haha. With all this forgetfulness, I'm surprised I even remember seeing a flyer I designed up on the screen that night. That was priceless. A friend of mine said he hates this club but I see him here all the time, so he must be in a mixed relationship with Pure, too. Either that, or he's in denial. Haha. You can't escape the Pure. Bwahaha.
<review# 626,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2013,2/10/2013,122,140,2,7,2>Although its not a spa, Ocean Nails is a family owned and operated nail salon that I love to frequent. I've been coming since 2002 and love them. The place is clean, the employees are still the same after all these years, the service is quick and thorough. I love that they give great massages after the pedicure. Best of all, I love that they are clean. I've seen them bleaching the walls even. They clean all the supplies and the pedi bowls very well also. Love love love Ocean Nails!!!
<review# 627,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2013,2/9/2013,50,79,3,4,3>They have a person who's only job is to bring you more chips and salsa. Just read that sentence again. They pay someone an hourly wage, just to make sure you have enough chips to go with their 2 homemade salsas which are both delicious by the way. The margaritas are the best I've had in Jacksonville. Not too much sour mix, and they're strong.I had the enchiladas for dinner and they were really good. My gf had the fish tacos and they looked phenomenal. The server was very well informed, knowing the menu inside and out, and he was always prompt and kind. Basically, we had a great experience. The only thing that keeps me from coming here on a weekly basis is the price. It's a bit expensive, but when you have a great time with great food and great service, you should expect to shell out a little more. There are very few restaurants that operate like that.
<review# 628,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2012,2/7/2013,8,27,2,2,2>Anyone who knows me could tell you how much I love sweets, so it was a no-brainer for me to attempt to follow the signs to this relatively new fro-yo shop. True to the Florida standards, you have to drive through a maze in the parking lot to  find Sweet Cece's, but once you get there, you can start having FUN with your treat! Upon entering I was pleasantly surprised (and a little scared--they charge per ounce) of just how many topping choices that there are. The alcove of treats that have little cranks on them sort of reminded me a little of Willy Wonka. So fun! I sampled, and chose the FF/NSA Cheesecake flavor, and it was YUMMY. I even went out of my way (yeah, twist my arm) and tried both the brownie and the cookie dough toppings, along with my standard ~the rainbow sprinkle. The cookie dough was so good, I almost went back for seconds, and everything else just made my mouth smile! Definitely will be back, now that I know how to get there!
<review# 629,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2011,2/6/2013,0,7,2,4,3>Tessa is terrific. The rest of these reviewers were absolutely spot on about her (except the one who said it didn't hurt, which it does, but that's expected). I had a wax and a facial with her and she was very friendly and very skilled. I felt completely at ease and confident that the service was going to go well and it did. I had no complaints, everything was very thorough on the wax and as for the facial, my skin feels great. I could not recommend this place more enthusiastically.
<review# 630,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2013,2/5/2013,8,28,2,5,4>For the record, I think vintage/antique shops are generally snooty and overpriced. That being said, I LOVE VIVA LA THRIFTY! The staff is very courteous and very friendly. For being a small shop they put a lot into it and somehow make it roomy! Their prices are wonderful and their selection is varying in tastes. No matter your budget or style, it's a pretty good bet they have it!!
<review# 631,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2012,2/4/2013,30,603,2,3,2>The menu for this place is overwhelming, but in a good way. There are many flavors of boba tea to try! The strawberry is delicious (with real pieces of strawberry mixed in) and I also love the honey oolong. I've had the sesame noodle salad and the pork sandwich. I want to go back for breakfast. This particular location is in a sketchy strip mall, but it's in a good location by 9A. I would return!
<review# 632,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2013,2/3/2013,94,79,2,2,2>Made a reservation to visit BB's for date night & was not disappointed! We started with a cheese plate featuring a georgia red, castello blue & cranberry wensleydale. It came with honey comb, dried fruits & nuts & french bread. My husband chose the orrechiette with spicy sausage, chicken, spinach, sofrito, almonds & capers as an entree. It had a nutty/earthy flavor & was light & different. I had the steak bistro sandwich with field greens. It was a little heavier with brie, carmelized onions, tomatoes, dijonaise. We both had a couple glasses of wine from their large selection. The service was good for a busy Saturday night & our food came out hot & as ordered. Will def come here again & recommend to others.
<review# 633,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2013,2/2/2013,15,5,3,2,2>Being the only dim sum place in Jacksonville makes this place a "must go"! I live all by the beaches. So if I find myself in the west side of town, I always stop by and grab some dim sums. The prices are cheap, and the food and delicious! This is the closest you're gonna get real authentic Chinese food.
<review# 634,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2012,2/1/2013,227,252,2,3,2>The last time I went to Wipeouts was also my first time going there and I didn't eat anything, we just had a few drinks. But after reading some good food reviews for the place I decided I must try it out for myself since I was such a fan of the atmosphere before. When my husband and I go out to dinner we typically choose to sit at the bar because a) we feel you get better service there and b)its just the two of us so no need to take up a table that other groups can use, which is exactly what we did here. The bartender Lindsay was very friendly and personable and also very helpful when it came to picking out some menu items. For starters we had the Fried Wickles which are bread and butter pickle chips that are soaked in jalapeno juice and then breaded and fried. They are served with a chipolte ranch dipping sauce. We loved them. Fried pickles is normal order for us because we love them (I am a pickle freak!) but sadly they are not always good because some places just don't fry them right and they can end up soggy, but that was not the case the these wickles. They were crunchy and flavorful and definitely something I would get again. I could've stood for them to be a little spicier because in my opinion they weren't spicy at all but other than that they were great. At the suggestion of Lindsay, I ordered the Fried Shrimp dinner but instead had them blackened, again at the suggestion of Lindsay. She informed me that the shrimp used for the dinner was fresh and local (mmmm, Mayport Shrimp) so I knew it would be good. For my sides I asked for the side salad and sweet potato fries. My salad came out first and it was just a typical salad with the same ranch dressing that came with the wickles. Then when my main plate came out I was pleased to see that the serving of shrimp was plentiful and looked delicious. I couldn't wait to take a bite. They were in fact very good and didn't even require a dipping sauce of any sort (I use sauces to dip almost everything I eat). I could've eaten a whole plate of them and just not had any sides and been perfectly content. The sweet potato fries were good but same as the salad, just a typical side item, nothing special or unique about them. You have to take Wipeouts for what it is, a small local beach joint that is cool, cozy, and hidden unless you know to look for it. They don't have any frills and the plates of food aren't anything you're going to take an Instagram photo of but the food tastes good and to me that's the most important thing.....well that and the service and the service we received was 'spot on'.
<review# 635,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2012,1/31/2013,22,144,4,6,3>I've been twice to Doing Dishes and each time has been a relaxing, enjoyable couple of hours. Every employee has been super friendly and helpful.  If you see a finished piece that you like, they will show you how to exactly replicate it. I love how knowledgeable and creative the staff is. They also offer many art glass classes and other activities. The prices seem reasonable, but I really have no comparisons to other similar establishments. It is a good alternative to meet someone and catchup while painting pottery rather than the usual drinks, dinner, or lunch scenario.
<review# 636,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2013,1/30/2013,18,205,4,6,4>I can't wait to go back.  Let me try to give this restaurant a real review that it deserves.Location -- legit.  King Street has definitely come of age.  We parked near the Garage and walked to Salty Fig.  We passed about 5 places that you could easily link into a fun pub crawl.  My single friends say this area is their favorite part of town.Crowd  - Our plan was to drink and have appetizers here before dinner at another establishment (that I won't mention because I would rather you eat here instead.)  We showed up early on a Saturday night, around 6:45.  Keep in mind, Jax is still an early dinning crowd so maybe that's why there were a lot of people.  We luckily got four seats at the bar.  People were still waiting for tables when we left around 8.Service and Decor - The two bartenders that served us were very nice. The layout is really cool.  Best of all, they have some sweet booth tables.  It's unfortunate that some other restaurants in town feel that they have to pack in as many tables as they can and you end up eating a couple inches from the next table.  Food  - All we did was drink, but the menu looks awesome and the food they were serving to everyone around us looked very good.  We tried a couple of their specialty mixed drinks which were really good.Price - Best of all, the price of the drinks (and i think the food, but I'm not sure) is completely reasonable.  I've even heard that at happy hour they have two-for-one drafts (but don't quote me on it.)Overall - Like I said, I can't wait to go back.  I tried to go at lunch last week but my so called friends forced us to eat somewhere else.  I'm still bitter about it.
<review# 637,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2012,1/29/2013,10,34,2,4,3>I'm a little surprised by the previous reviews, because this place has really good BBQ.  My husband and I both had the pulled pork, it it melted in our mouth.  The house BBQ sauce is great.  The staff was pleasant and friendly.  The baked beans tasted canned, however they where quite good.Much better BBQ than some of the big chains! Give it a try, its nothing fancy but plain, good BBQ!
<review# 638,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/8/2013,1/28/2013,180,254,4,8,5>Checked out tossgreen's grand opening today and wasn't disappointed. It was a bit frantic since there were many people in line and only a few behind the counter and the salads and burritos are made to order. Tossgreen also offers frozen yogurt and toppings.It feels like a franchise but it's not. There are similar concepts in other cities I've experienced.Start by selecting your lettuce. I asked for both mixed greens and spinach, and received a huge portion. There's also arugula and romaine. Typically you receive five toppings (with lettuce, for $5.99). I wanted to try others so I chose sun-dried tomatoes, artichoke hearts, hearts of palm, carrots and cabbage, then added free-range chicken as my protein and avocado, which is for some reason listed under proteins, and is also an up-charge. (There's tofu for vegetarians but no tempeh.) There are quite a few dressings. The lemon shallot vinaigrette was okay but since they toss the salad and fixings, chop it, add dressing and retoss, my tip would be to sample a dressing or two before you commit. There were also fun crunchy add-ins like wasabi peas and crushed pita chips.It's a healthy fast-casual spot that's close to Tinseltown and the Town Center with easy access and parking. It'd make a good post-gym meal, or nice to bring back to work. Jason's Deli, which is a few doors down, also has an extensive build-it-yourself salad bar so I am curious how this will stand up to that offering.While it's not posted anywhere I'm told the ingredients are mostly local and/or organic. Everything is recyclable or compostable, including the plastic drinking cups. A+ for sustainability efforts!
<review# 639,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2012,1/27/2013,56,20,4,7,3>listen up you pizza yokels... I have had pizza all over the United States and although this place doesn't even come close to the places up north (Philly specifically) it is quite possibly the best pizza in Jacksonville and is the best that delivers in Jacksonville. I ordered a large pizza (one half chicken parm, other half eggplant parm) and it was pretty damn good. If you had a bad experience that call and complain because the pizza I just received only 30 minutes after calling was great. I will say the chicken was a little dry but that's what happens when you bake chicken. I'll just ask for a side of sauce next time.I also ordered the carrot cake, and I don't know where they get it but it is amazing... If you like carrot cake you would love it and if you don't like carrot cake give it a try because you will probably love this one... at the very least you'll like it.
<review# 640,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2013,1/26/2013,1290,322,7,19,14>Soooo goooood......  No, really Executive Chef Ian Lynch has created a farm-to-table-fresh menu here -- and in its creativity alone should get 5 stars all by itself!Tapas tried (so far):Tartar -- most expensive tapas and wish there would have been more (very small portion-kind of a taste bud tease for me) but completely and utterly delicious!Chorizo -- large tapas portion (and best value IMHO) delicious and marinated in red wine for a day...nom, nom, nom....Salted Cod Fritter -- (can't remember the name) with an herb lemon aoili... Chef Ian said he wanted to have something different than a crab cake so this is a traditional rendition of a Spanish dish but very similar (in texture not necessarily taste).Homemade pumpkin and goat cheese ravioli in a creamy sage sauce -- ...uhhhhh need I say more?Small Plates tried (so far):50/50 Sliders with Truffle Fries -- Sliders are made with a house-blended ground of bacon and sirloin if I remember correctly.  Very unique taste.  Huge portion of truffle fries.Pumpkin Rissoto --...she says wiping away a tear of joy... slightly sweet with mushrooms and shaved Parmesan(?).  Really I don't know what all was in this small plate but it was incredible.Atmosphere is hip and loud with a great vibe.  Due in part to the 'Wine Emotion Machine' I am sure--yea, that IS the name :).  You get a specific card from the bar and plug it into the machine and dispense your own wine designated by ounces and cash amount.....  Wow.... simply genius!!Bocci Ball on the deck...yea--this is a far cry from the Pancake House that was originally housed here! lol!Free valetTruly a great place for eclectic eaters, wine drinkers and those who enjoy a great Hipster-esque social scene!
<review# 641,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2012,1/25/2013,64,181,5,4,4>My son treated me to dinner here this evening. Both of us had eaten here when it was located on the other side of the building but had not since it moved. Boy were we wowed when we came in. Yes, the place is a lot smaller but it is very attractive and upscale looking. Definitely an improvement over the old place.I think the food was even better than before. Just the right amount of waiting time between drinks and soup and then soup and rolls, then rolls and dessert. We both had the clear soup (delish) and then split the Jaguar, Monster (off the Chef Special menu), and Rock & Rolls. All were super fresh and scrumptious and we enjoyed every bite. Even the fried cheesecake for dessert was just right.Service was prompt, the waitress was attentive and helpful, but not overbearing. It appeared that the other customers around us were being taken care of promptly by their waitresses as well.The dining area outside looked adorable and I am looking forward to the cooler weather and dining out there.Parking is a pain because that lot is set for many stores, but if you are patient, you will find one. All in all, I am very happy. They may have downsized, but they improved.
<review# 642,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2012,1/24/2013,64,149,3,3,3>Can i just say that this place has some of the best pizza i have ever tasted.If you have never been here but have seen their prices do not turn the other way. Their prices are(somewhat) justified. This pizza is so delicious that you wont want to have some half mediocre pizza from pizza hut or dominos again!. the names of the pizza's are funny and cute and you can even custom create. the ingredients are fresh and you can even get two different kinds of pizzas on one pizza(half and half kinda deal) Now i say that their prices are somewhat justified because these pizzas dont taste bland and dont have all the same taste, you order two different pizzas and you can literally tell the difference between the two. the freshness of the pizza is literally tasted in every bite. in fact i'm totally craving a magical mystery... oh you'll know once you get there :-)
<review# 643,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2013,1/19/2013,12,48,,3,3>Laid back atmosphere, lots of beer selection, good price and you can mix and match beers as well. My girls and I had left another brewery for this one and liked this one much more. The bartender was nice and helpful. Music played in the background as we sat on benches and played cards and drank our beers. Have not tried the food yet, but they have lots of specials. Definitely going back!
<review# 644,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2013,1/18/2013,39,7,2,4,3>TacoLu is one of personal favorite places to dine. Lunch, Dinner, Sunday Brunch whatever whenever it is amazing! I love the new location and the fact that they have recreated the same cozy, funky, fresh, fun ambiance. The food is hands down top of the line, my go-to order is 1 royal, 1 bangin shrimp & 1 carnitas a Dos Equis Lager and a shot of one of the many amazing Tequilas. I usually allow my server or bartender to choose & have yet to be disappointed. I am looking forward to the weather warming up a bit & spending MUCHO time out on their new patio/deck area. TacoLu is great for everyday dining, a night out for fun, or a place to take newbies in town. Don't let the line, wait time,or parking scare you off. The wait is never that long, the staff is SUPER helpful & welcoming and they have FREE valet.  5 STARS I highly recommend!
<review# 645,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2012,1/17/2013,41,86,2,2,3>I have been here twice now and I love it! I had some pork bbq pho the first time and my friend had the beef pho both were very tasty and were the traditionally huge portions- i actually took my leftovers home!...and of course they also bring out the platter of fresh cilantro,bean sprouts, jalapenos and stuff to put in your soup-yummy! On our second visit I had the shrimp and he had the meatballs the shrimp was good but the meatballs were very bland. Oh well there are lots more options to try next time!
<review# 646,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2012,1/16/2013,33,116,2,2,2>A classic brunch staple of Jacksonville. It's one of those places you where you go to have a good breakfast. There isn't anything particularly unique about the food. The only thing that stands out, really, is the fox memorabilia that adorns the walls. In all of my years attending this restaurant, I haven't had a bad experience. I just have positive memories (even though for one period of time they seemed to hire only snarky waiters... that phase has since ended). I still remember, spinning on the bar stool as a little girl, ordering eggs and potatoes, while counting as many foxes as I could spy-with-my-little-eye.
<review# 647,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2013,1/15/2013,31,87,2,3,2>Dr. Mezrahi is an excellent allergist. All the office staff are polite and the shot techs are quick and efficient. I have been to some bad allergist before and this is not one of them.  Now is you want to talk about how Tricare sucks we can have a discussion.
<review# 648,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2012,1/14/2013,51,81,2,5,2>One of the best pizzas I've tried since my NYC trip last Christmas! It's not made NY style, but still tastes so good! Incredible service and great prices. One of our friends hates beers, but loved the apple beer.  She said it reminded her of a crisp white wine.  :)
<review# 649,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2012,1/13/2013,87,220,1,6,3>Is it fair to call Black Sheep the lovechild of Chew and Restaurant Orsay?Well, I did.BLK SHP is an amazing new spot in Five Points. They clearly succeeded with their concept of "be awesome."When you first walk in, you'll be struck by the warm and inviting interior. The subway tiling is a nice touch, Helps it feel less stuffy and more friendly.There is a difference between service at lunch and dinner. Lunch is "fast-casual". You'll enter, grab a menu, order at the counter, find a seat, and wait for your plate full of deliciousness to arrive. Dinner is sit-down dining. There's ample seating inside, as well as extra seating at the dining bar and on the patio. The rooftop will open in a few months, so even more happy diners can experience BLK SHP.As is expected, based on the reputation for Chew and Orsay, the service here is beyond exceptional. On all three of my recent visits, the service was outstanding. You do expect some bumps in the road when a restaurant first opens, but not the case here. And I'm a stickler for service. Something else to appreciate is the thoughtfulness of the menu and the overall focus on being local and sustainable. You'll definitely notice the taste of your food. It reminded me of when I went to Vermont, where the farm-to-table menus are as thick as phone books.Oh yeah, and these are the things we ate:chicken and dumplings, mac and cheese, shrimp and grits, crispy skin salmon, flatiron steak, crab cake, grass-fed burger, fried olives with pimento, crab cake, apple pie, vanilla milkshake and pineapple upside-down cake. My favorites were the crispy-skin salmon (the sauce! omg the sauce!), the mac and cheese (cheesemongers beware) and the pineapple cake (refreshing to see this on a menu!)BLK SHP is affordable, well-planned, and expertly executed. Everything that annoys me about other restaurants (no clear concept, different menus for different parts of the restaurant, crappy service, not enough cheese) is thankfully missing. And can I just say how happy the 'hood is to have and option like this in five points?Well done, BLK SHP. Well done.
<review# 650,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2012,1/12/2013,24,20,3,4,5>Pete's is a local landmark and a classic! I am amazed when people complain about smoke in a DIVE BAR - what is your definition of a dive bar?? Pete's is a great place for cheap beer, strong drinks, pool, ping-pong and people-watching! And yes, it's cash only, which is one of the things I kind of love about it.
<review# 651,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2012,1/11/2013,35,56,1,2,3>All of my customer service experiences in the south and the east have been weird, short or outright rude. That is, until we came here! The ladies at the counter were warm and loving, like a favorite aunt! They happily explained sizing to us and mentioned new menu items. The decor was delightfully bad, like a hot dog hut should have. Big bathroom open to the public, which was hard to find in California beach towns.My husband had a foot long Chicago dog and I had the jumbo Bama: hot dog with pulled pork, slaw and a sweet and savory sauce. We also got chili cheese fries to split, which were surprisingly small, but probably for the best of our health. We took our food to Jax Beach and watched Hurricane Sandy blow by. Made me miss Brooklyn and eating Nathan's Famous on the Coney Island sand.Four stars for great customer service, location and nostalgia.
<review# 652,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2013,1/10/2013,20,23,3,4,3>Probably my favorite bar in Jacksonville. It gets busy from time to time but they are always busy and good reason to be! Drinks are great and service is always a plus Friendly staff and great live bands,  I went here for my birthday which was a big one :) and the bartender was extremely friendly and kept the drinks coming, Also, the atmosphere in this place is very hipster but could be upscale too, Really anyone can blend in Great Place!! highly recommend it
<review# 653,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2013,1/9/2013,68,491,2,3,4>Managed to grab reservations for 5 people on New Years Eve. What a coup! This was our first time eating there but after the exceptional service, great food and decent layout I'll definitely be returning. Due to tight parking Valet was provided for free which allowed a tiny bit of stress to be relieved on the last day of the year. The host station was functioning at a very high level and our hostess (I believe her name was Ryan) greeted us warmly and made sure we were seated promptly. We ended up having 4 courses plus alcohol and the items that stuck out to me was the goat cheese salad along with the lobster mac and cheese. One of the more impressive parts of the night was that the waiter, Michael, managed to finagle a child's pasta dish for my son out of the kitchen on such a busy evening and without a kid's menu in site. This particular young man had one of the better table presence's I've seen in the restaurant business in some time. The lone complaint by anyone at our table is that the Creme Brulee was under cooked, however in my view that was such a minor issue that I wouldn't have even commented on it. Is it for every day dining? No, the menu is powerful and the price's are not for every budget , but for those looking for an exquisite dining experience in the Ponte Vedra/Jax Beach area need look no further than Eleven South
<review# 654,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2013,1/7/2013,50,83,5,5,4>This place is easily my favorite place in Jacksonville, it's not really fair though given that I'm a sucker for good beer. I don't think I can honestly do this justice with my review, but hey I can always give it a try.After spending 20 minutes with my wife trying to find the place (our fault for coming here the first time on a motorcycle), we were not in a good mood and this place had almost no chance impressing me. This place not only impressed me, it made me want to introduce it to my parents,and ask it to move in with me. I guess that's why its called almost.Walking in my wife and I were seated at a high top table directly in front the beer board. I've seen beer list like this before so I wasn't that impressed;  until I started to read the list. That's when I knew I had hit the jackpot; this places beer selection was amazing. Scratch that it was unbelievable, that when it kicked in that this was just the draft list. So when our very quiet voiced waitress came over ( I'll get to that), I politely asked her if I could see the beer list. What she brought me was a list like the Holy Grail of beers, it made me wish I could have them all.I do wish they had had the Dogfish Head 120min in stock, but who ever does these days.Speaking of the staff (see I said we'd get there),  our waitress was very attentive to our needs, expertly knowledgeable of the beer, and very helpful to my wife and I on what we should order. The only downfall was that it was a little noisy in there, and she had the voice of a field mouse, I had to really concentrate on hearing and read her lips to understand what she was saying, and my wife couldn't hear her at all. doesn't effect my opinion of her skills as a waitress at all.my apologies, the whole reason your still reading this is you thinking "god man, get to the food" So the food, what can i say about the food? It was amazing, I had a stuffed burger with blue cheese inside the burger. It was the best burger I've had since being here in Jacksonville, and one of the best I've had period for that matter. My wife had the country fried steak sandwich, and all I could think when  I took a bite of it was, home (Kansas).I guess if I had to make a point here it would be that this place is one of my favorite places of all time. My wife and I will be coming back here all the time, and if you haven't given this place a shot yet, you need to get down here now. Seriously go now. Why are you still sitting here reading this and not in your car on your way down to Kickbacks? Sorry couldn't"t resist, but if your in the mood for good vibes, great food, and some of the best beer you'll ever have, give Kickbacks a try at some point.
<review# 655,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2012,1/6/2013,24,74,,4,1>Will be going back - found my new barber.They are military-friendly (meaning they know how to keep your haircut in regs) and offer a discount ($12).My haircut turned out better than I expected, there were no fade lines and was exactly what I wanted.  Highly recommend this place.
<review# 656,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2012,1/5/2013,74,816,2,3,2>Midnight Sun is a fun store to find some unique items!!  They carry everything from clothes to tarot cards to incense to books to all kinds of crazy stuff!!  If you want to spend some time shopping in 5 Points, you have to stop in here and check it out!!
<review# 657,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2012,1/4/2013,0,9,2,2,2>After a less than stellar experience at a prominent boarding facility we found Bark Avenue and absolutely love it!  They fed them on their schedule not the facility's and asked detailed questions so that the dogs were not stressed.  We've used them for grooming and boarding now.  If you want people to take care of your pets the way you do at home please call Bark Avenue. Our picky Bichons loved it and were freshly bathed, relaxed and happy when we picked them up. One other reviewer mentioned "peace of mind" and that is exactly how we feel when our dogs are with them:)
<review# 658,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/31/2012,1/3/2013,110,135,3,4,5>As the self-proclaimed breakfast guru of the greater Jacksonville Metropolitan area, I decided it was my moral imperative to give this place a try, especially after having heard so many mixed reviews. A couple girlfriends and I went on a Saturday morning, and my opinion is: two thumbs up. Since it's now officially fall (my faaaaavorite), the proverbial cherry on top for me was the self-serve pumpkin spice coffee. All the layers leading up to the coffee were equally as delightful. One of their specials that morning was biscuits and gravy. Naturally, that happened (thankfully they do half-orders). Their breakfast menu has a neat little history of eggs Benedict (incidentally my fellow-diners were descendants of the fella who created the dish...go figure). As is my problem most Saturdays, there were too many things on the menu that looked too good, so I got one of everything. I'm sure the flood of post-breast cancer 5K participants in their hot pink attire thoroughly enjoyed my smorgasbord of breakfast items that clearly all belonged to me (my inner chubby girl was quite content). Anyway, as previously mentioned, I've heard some mixed reviews about this place from some people I consider pretty credible, but my personal opinion is altogether positive, and since I'm the authority on Saturday breakfast, you should probably take my advice and give this place a try.
<review# 659,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2012,1/2/2013,180,303,2,6,6>The first time that I had Lola's it was picked up and taken out. I didn't feel that I could write a review without having actually experienced the place itself. Today was the day that I finally experienced Lola's in a sit-down perspective. I went with a friend and we both ordered burritos. My burrito was tasty. I got the BBQ Chicken with no cheese. It was perfectly spicy and sweet at the same time. If I needed additional spice, there was hot sauce on the table (three different kinds, actually), but it was not required as the burrito was just right. The chips that came with my burrito were an excellent addition as I used them to scoop up any droppings on my plate. The serving is huge and I could only eat one half of my burrito and had to bring the rest home. The only qualm that I have was that my burrito seemed to be on the soggy side. I hope it's not too bad when I go to have the rest for dinner.The waitresses were kind and friendly; very welcoming. The place was packed for lunch, but there were a few open tables left plus the bar. The waitresses did not seem stressed at all with such a full house. As it was in the middle of a week day, I did not partake in any alcohol, although, I did glimpse their drink list and it is huge. I really dig their deco. The Day of the Dead female mannequin on a motorcycle, in the middle of the restaurant, is my absolute fave.
<review# 660,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2012,1/1/2013,100,223,5,5,4>Cozy tea, a great place for an afternoon tea with friends. Sit back, relax, and gossip if you'd like! Great tea selections, and very reasonably priced. I usually would order their Jasmine green tea, and add some honey to it. If you are hungry, they also have a selection of sandwiches, and pastries if you want something sweet to go along with the tea. Their lunch specials run between $7.95 and $9.95 which is great because it comes with a course, a salad, and a cup of soup! It's a great portion for lunch. Highly recommend their quiche, curried chicken salad sandwich, or shrimp salad sandwich. Also place offers great and attentive service. All in all, I highly recommend Cozy tea!
<review# 661,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2012,12/31/2012,25,155,2,3,3>My husband and I met some friends for dinner here. We had been meaning to give it a try, but just never got a chance. I was a little overwhelmed by how large the menu was, but I guess that is there way of making sure you come back so you can try more. Well, it's working on us! I ordered a ravioli dish and really enjoyed it. I barely finished because the portions are so big. My husband ordered a steak and said it was one of the best he has had since we moved down here. They have a $1.99 drink special that includes A LOT of different drinks. I would definitely give this place a shot! The prices are good, the staff is friendly, and the food is good!
<review# 662,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2012,12/30/2012,8,18,3,5,3>Went there last night with my wife. Food was great, plentiful, and inexpensive. It is set up in an old KFC. So the dinning area is small. The place was packed. The my wife got a soda for 1.99 (refillable) which is typical, but my beer......WOW it is 1.00 domestic drafts.  I ordered mahi and scallops for 12.99 and it came with 2 sides and hush puppies. Wife ordered a chicken sandwich and it also came with two sides for 7.99. The place seems very clean but occasionally that is not the first impression, You see they bus the tables and there is no trash can in the dinning area. When they are busy which is every most of the time, there is nowhere clean  to sit until they notice and clean it. The tables get trashed until they come out. It is kind of fun watching customers, who are trained by the fast food industry to clear the table, trying to clean up walking around with trays of trash and dishes and not knowing what else to do with it. I think the owners are afraid that the dishes will get thrown out. They need to better watch the dinning area. ( minus one star )
<review# 663,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2012,12/29/2012,55,170,3,6,4>Awesome new San Marco spot with incredibly friendly owners/staff who introduce themselves and treat you more like old friends than new customers.  This place is fantastic!  They have several local beers on draft, wine, and packaged liquor which you can buy there and they'll open and mix you up a cocktail on the spot.  When we were there they also had an inventive holiday cocktail "drink of the day" with local, fresh ingredients.  Cool ambience and a great vibe, although wish they had a little more seating for the busy times when you can't grab a bar stool.  There needs to be more places in JAX just like this - will definitely be going back!
<review# 664,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2012,12/28/2012,64,165,2,5,2>By far on my top 5 list for my favorite dive bars in Jax. This could go as a bar/small club. Love the decor in this place, and the big screen plays some awesome remix videos to the live DJ music. They also have two TVs over the bar that plays movies on repeat. Thursdays are good nights to go if you want to have fun and people watch. Expect to show up around 10:30-11 for when it starts to get going. So many different walks of life come here. Mainly a hipster venue (due to the area it's in), but you'll get anyone and everyone in this place. Great music, and drinks are slightly over priced in my opinion. They have a small separate intimate bar in the back to the left that serves some good beer. They have an outside smoking area for all of you smokers which is great for us non-smokers inside. Guys this is a great place to get some girls as well. I would certainly and plan to take any of my out of town friends here to have fun. I've had so many good nights here, and many more to come in the future!
<review# 665,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2012,12/27/2012,23,108,4,13,4>This place just opened on Monday 4/2/2012 and today I stopped in for lunch and ordered from the sushi menu. The sushi menu is not very large but it hits all the right spots. I hope that they will offer some more choices in the future though. Sushi does come with clear soup which I will have to say is the best that I have had yet (and I eat a lot of sushi) but does not come with salad (it's $2 more). I got the Futomaki and the Lava both were fabulos. Everything was very fresh just had a great feel and taste. BTW the lava is their version of a volcano roll. I look forward to trying the other items on the sushi menu but am a little sad that it wont take long to try them all. While we did not order from the grill (Hibachi) I was impressed to see that it was out front so that even though you sat at a regular table your food was prepaired almost right in front of you and with great skill by the chef!! This place has lots of potential.
<review# 666,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2012,12/26/2012,36,72,2,2,3>Fish company gets four stars because they are serving up the freshest seafood in town.  On top of that, Tuesday and Wednesday are $4 a dozen oysters all day long!  You can't beat that with a stick.  The clam chowder will rival the best you have ever eaten and I guarantee there are more clams in this one!  I'm not a fan of the side orders other than the broccoli and the red beans and rice.  Some more fresh veggie options are much needed.
<review# 667,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2012,12/25/2012,116,119,2,3,2>This is a beautiful church with a lot of wonderful ministries.  The community really acts like one big family.  One of the unique things that this church does is their celebration of Pentecost Sunday -- it's actually their feast day, so they always hold an annual International Mass & Food Tasting.  There's a new pastor who's absolutely phenomenal!  I love listening to his homilies, and he's such a great spiritual director.
<review# 668,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2012,12/24/2012,79,94,3,4,3>YUM YUM YUM. I don't care how it looks and I don't care how small it is. Whiteways and this deli compete for the best place in Jacksonville to get lunch. My favorite deli/sandwich spot San Marco Deli NEVER disappoints, except when they run out of chicken salad too early in the day. Besides being an awesome lunch place, San Marco Deli has THE BEST chicken salad in town. I repeat, the best. Made with shredded chicken and not too much mayo, their salad is mixed in with herbs, walnuts and water chestnuts. Its light enough to eat tons for lunch and, mixed with their veggies from their salad plate, makes for a healthy alternative to a burger. They also sell it by the pound if you want to take some home (or at least pretend like it and eat it all on the way back to the office). Their mediaterranean plate is also really good and sports some fresh made tabouli!
<review# 669,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2012,12/23/2012,8,5,2,4,2>Great quick lunch spot downtown. I've been there twice and was very pleased both times. I had the tomato bisque soup and chicken panini sitting at the lunch counter; the service and atmosphere was excellent. Perfect for a quick bite.
<review# 670,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2012,12/22/2012,0,5,2,3,3>Ethiopian? In Jacksonville?!  YESSS! I was soooo happy to find this Groupon.This place is hidden among a sea of car dealerships and sketchy strip club lookin places on Atlantic.  It's easy to miss and the interior is no frills but the food is surprisingly awesome.  In fact, this place is actually better than a lot of Ethiopian restaurants I've been to in DC.  A fun place to go with a group of friends. If only they would open a location in Riverside!  BTW, This place is definitely for a more adventurous eaters. SO YUMMY!
<review# 671,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2012,12/21/2012,123,186,2,4,3>My husband picked up lunch for me here on a whim. I recall The Sheik being a delicious eatery when I was a kid, so I wanted to revisit it as an adult. Needless to say, I was beyond pleased. I had the Camel Rider and fries for lunch. The ingredients were all very fresh and the fries were to die for! I'll definitely be going back.
<review# 672,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2012,12/19/2012,1042,533,4,10,6>Now THIS is barbecue!  I'd heard the hype but after disappointment after disappointment with the barbecue in town, I wasn't so sure I believed it.  But, as I pulled up to San Juan and Retaw, the aroma of smoked meat filled my car and I was already sold!  Mr. King was lounging in his lawn chair and quickly got up to offer me a delicious helping of ribs, mac 'n cheese and green beans.  I was too late for the cornbread.  When I opened the container, I knew this was going to be good!  I mean, talk about ribs!  These were authentic, fall-off-the-bone, finger-lickin' good ribs!  I was told that yesterday they also had pulled pork, ham, brisket and turkey.  I've gotta get back there earlier another weekend to try the variety of sides.  But, for now, I'll label Mr. King as the King of Jax bbq!
<review# 673,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2012,12/18/2012,0,11,2,4,5>What an excellent restaurant! The patio is an amazing atmosphere and there are plenty of heat lamps to keep you comfortable even dining for dinner in the fall! We started off with the Fried Goat Cheese Bruschette, which was delicious, and also the Bleu Cheese Guac & Black Bean Hummus, which was also amazing! For entrees we had the Shrimp & Pancetta Mac & Cheese (SO good!!) and the meatloaf (also very tasty). Would definitely recommend, the prices, ambiance, and prices are great! Will be going back.
<review# 674,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2012,12/17/2012,161,465,2,2,3>It was actually pretty darn good....  I was really skeptical at first when I heard about the concept of HDYR.  Hubby and I tried it out after a movie one weekend and we were both pleasantly surprised.  First of all, the friendly staff really made a big difference.  He first approached us asking if it was our first time trying HDYR.  And then gave us a tour of the different ingredients (sampling a few too) and how it works to create our own rolls.We each created a roll and were both happy with our creations.  I was surprised that they have marinated tofu skin and opted for that as one of the ingredients and it was delicious.  They have a good variety of different sauces as well.  We are both not a big sauce fan (cringe when we see rolls drenched in sauces), so we did a few side of sauce just to try the taste.  They have rather limited selection of fish, but do have variety of meats.  Overall, it can be a fun and delicious experience / experiment with the number of choices provided.  Will it ever replace my favorite weekly sushi joint?  Nope.  Will it be a quick / convenient lunch/dinner/snack after a movie?  Ya!
<review# 675,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2012,12/16/2012,22,42,4,7,5>Gentlemen, gone are the days of screaming children and gossiping housewives! Kiss the likes of Hair Cuttery and Supercuts goodbye, and escape to a real men's barbershop. Pomade & Tonic is a visual sampling of the 1950's, and it's with that feel that you'll get the freshest shave or cleanest haircut you can imagine. The barbers are total pros, and just happen to be really chill guys too. You'll find yourself lingering around to chat, or perhaps shoot some pool on the table they have in the shop. Bring your buddies and play a game or two of cards on the poker table. There's even a bar in shop, you can grab a drink while you wait I suppose. I received the best haircut I've had in years. I'll definitely be back!
<review# 676,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2012,12/15/2012,40,80,2,3,2>My wife and I went to eat an early dinner there on Saturday and were very impressed.  They have an extensive pizza menu, with many toppings to choose from.  They also have 3 or 4 salads to pick from, if you are eating well.  My wife ordered a small garden salad and a slice of veggie pizza.  She enjoyed that.  I wanted to try one of their oversized calzones, so I ordered the sausage calzone.  That thing was huge and came with a nice boat of marinara sauce!  The sauce tasted perfect and the calzone was delicious.  I was not drinking alcohol, but a nice local beer selection is available, as well as wines.  Microbrew enthusiasts will enjoy the section on tap, and in the bottle.
<review# 677,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2012,12/14/2012,54,83,7,9,15>OMG. That's all I can think of when I try to describe this restaurant. It's such an amazing church, I am now kicking myself for expecting any less out of their restaurant!     As soon as I walked out of the church doors, the aroma of good southern cooking took over my senses and before I knew what was happening, I was standing in line lol I was probably waiting for about 15 minutes which isnt bad at all in my opinion because I got a chance to check out the decor. Very simple set up, with an open ceiling that makes it seem louder then what it actually is, but it easily becomes white noise. There were little paintings of jazz artists strategically placed along the wall where you stand in line, as well as an impressive collection of photgraphs containing the famous faces who have eaten there: Fantasia, Chante Moore, Angie Stone, Byron Cage, Hezikiah Walker, David & Tamela Mann (Tyler Perry's the Browns), and a few more celebs...     Once I was close enough to actually read the contents of their menu, I found myself get a little discouraged because they have NO mashed potatoes anywhere to be found!!!! Wth kind of "soul food bistro" has everything on the menu except mashed potatoes??? They had potato salad and french fries....but not even baked potato....I was tempted to turn around but I was at the point of no return lol so I read some Yelp reviews to see what was good to start off with and by the looks of things, I couldnt go wrong regardless of what I chose.     I got something basic this time, a white meat fried chicken meal...no drink because I have plenty at home. We true Southerners know that its just as easy to F up fried chicken as it is hard to but if they really know what they're doing back there, then there should barely be any bones left on the plate (the way I eat it lol). I ordered 2 piece white meat fried chicken, green beans, mac and cheese, and a small slice of cheesecake for dessert. If they did a poor job on this simple arrangement of food, then I wouldnt bother coming back to give anything else a try.      I got home,  took a forkful of the green beans and WOW!!!!! Took a forkful of the mac and cheese and SWEET JESUS! Took a bite of the chicken breast and this is the best I can describe my experience:  Remember towards the end of the movie Ratatouille, when the food critic Anton Ego was SO sure that the peasant dish was beneath him? But then he took a bite, and was suddenly on a pleasant trip down memory lane: he came home from school one day, after he obviously had been beaten up by some bullies and his mother just smiled at him, sat him down and put a bowl of ratatouille in front of him. One spoonful and one kiss on the head from his mother and all was well again.      When I bit into that big ole juicy, crispy chicken breast, I was immediately transported back to my childhood days in the country. Coming home from school with lbs of homework in my bookbag, having been picked on and harrassed all day (because of my love of literature and my quiet nature), expectations of no food in the house, no electricity, and 2 rambunctious younger brothers. Then I'd see Mama's car in the driveway and before I even reached the door I could smell her good ole southern cooking, fried chicken being the perfect medium for all the other wonderful aromas. It'd be warm and toasty in the house (yay, electricity!), my brothers were tucked away in their bedrooms doing their homework and my mama would have one of her many oldie but goodie movies playing on the tv (in this particular memory, it was cool hand luke lol). She'd turn and smile at me from the stove (Hey ladybug! Come give mama some sugah!) and though she was (and still is) a petite woman, she'd scoop me up in a warm embrace, tell me she loves me and to come help her finish cooking. No matter how awful my day was, at that moment nothing else mattered and I was the happiest girl on the planet. That chicken I ate today allowed me to relive that fond memory! :-)Long description, yes I know but now you know where I am coming from. It looks rather plain and somewhat ragamuffin on the outside, but judging this book by its cover would prove to be a terrible mistake. The prices for food that good are ridiculously reasonable...my whole meal was maybe $12 and not only did I have the Itis x 5 but I wasn't hungry for the REST OF THE DAY! I definitely think thats worth a 15 minute wait and spending $12! Plus, you dont have to worry about parking...you have the whole lot to choose from! I'm glad I got such a simple meal that blew my mind because now I am definitely looking forward to going back and upgrading! Don't miss out on this diamond in the rough!
<review# 678,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2012,12/13/2012,67,297,5,5,5>An excellent event with a fantastic selection of tapas, beers & wines. The Chorizo with garlic and the Bruschetta were fantastic and the Intuition Ale on tap was a perfect compliment to everything served. Michael was an excellent host and rightfully proud of his establishment. We will be back as regular diners soon.Great first Yelp Jax event, and thanks to Katie C. for organizing it. Can hardly wait to see what fantastic offerings  the next Yelp Jax event will introduce us too.
<review# 679,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2012,12/12/2012,0,1,2,5,2>This is a great venue and a true Jacksonville treasure!  The theatre is roomy and their film programming is pretty great (a nice balance of mainstream and art house films). I even love their pre-show programming and the fact that there are intermissions during the films (gives a an old school vibe).  Awesome!
<review# 680,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2011,12/11/2012,10,32,3,8,3>If you lived in Mandarin any time from 1990 - 2005 you may remember Hing Lounge (a mom and pop Chinese restaurant in the Publix shopping center at Old St. Augustine and Losco) and their excellent, authentic Chinese food.  I have many fond memories of that restaurant, especially the Peking duck.  Since they closed, there has not been an Chinese food nearly as good in Jacksonville.After reading the favorable reviews on Yelp, the husband and I decided to try Peony Asian Bistro.  I am SO glad we did.  It was fantastic!  The dining area is roomy and bright, the service was friendly and the menu was extensive.We had pork steamed dumplings, a whole Peking duck and Szechuan shrimp (Szechuan shrimp was not on the menu, but since Szechuan chicken was the server said it was no problem to substitute the shrimp).The dumplings were delicious - I usually don't like them because the wonton wrapper is too thick, but these were perfect.  A light wrapper surrounding tasty pork.My husband was more than happy with the shrimp.  But the real star of the meal was the Peking duck.  A whole duck with perfectly crisp skin, Chinese biscuits, hoisin, cucumber and green onion.  He didn't even eat his meal because he was too busy eating my duck!I can't wait to go back and try some of the more unique (to my American eyes) menu items - fresh conch sitr-fried with green chives, cuttlefish with seasonal vegetables, eggplant with garlic sauce in hot pot and more duck!Go now.
<review# 681,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/29/2012,12/10/2012,63,12,3,3,2>My wife, Liz and I went to Bluefish on Monday, sat outside with our DOG, yes they are DOG friendly, or cat friendly if that is your thing, and we had table-top appetizers outside because we could not take the dog inside. The Ahi-Fish tacos are the 2nd best thing on the Happy Hour menu, next to the Truffle salt fries, which are a deathbed option for us. Great service and great food and now a great outside area too!!!The best dish on the menu is the Scallops and Mac/Cheese. Bluefish has the best scallops in all of Jacksonville. They even have a small plate for you to try them, best part about the menu they offer small bites on just about everything. So you can try many things on the menu. It is a simple menu, but there is also a specials menu too. Live music many nights of the week.
<review# 682,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2012,12/9/2012,51,32,2,3,3>Another one of my favorite bars at King & Park in Riverside. Their cheesesteaks and other sandwiches are absolutely delicious and they serve food until 3am! The Garage has come to be one of the most happening and popular bars here since it opened this year. Can't wait to see what other great spots are to come from the owners of The Garage, The Loft and Rogue.
<review# 683,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2010,12/8/2012,0,5,2,2,2>We've been to Taverna twice now - both on special occasions. Being vegan, I was skeptical that I would find anything, but the server was extremely knowledgeable and walked me through everything I could have, and there were plenty of choices!This Saturday a group of 5 of us went for Valentines Eve dinner. I was happy to see the place was hopping. :) I made a dinner from the sides; orzo with butternut squash, broccoli rapini with garlic, and roasted smoked paprika fingerling potatoes. As a surprise, they threw in a portion of their sauteed spinach, which was delicious. I'm not one to turn down spinach. The smoked fingerling potatoes were by far the best thing on the plate; they were sizzling hot and had a kick to them that was addictive.For dessert, they have sorbets that just so happen to be accidentally vegan. I had a scoop of the pear and one of the chocolate. Mmmmm. All in all, a fun place for a fancy date night or any time you want to do something a little special!
<review# 684,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2012,12/7/2012,0,16,2,2,3>If you love sharing small plates with friends, you'll love Tapa That. It's like a private party at your table, but you don't have to cook!My husband and I met a friend at Tapa That for dinner this week. We were greeted by a chalkboard listing ten tapas specials for the evening. We got a meat and cheese plate with delicious duck pate, stout cheese and port cheese, dates and more. Then we moved on to a Mediterranean salad of feta and artichoke hearts in a flavorful dressing. Braised chorizo in red wine sauce arrived and was promptly gobbled up. The wine sauce was light with great depth of pork essence and we sopped it up with crusty ciabatta bread that accompanied the dish. We ended our savory session of the meal with gorgeous little chicken tacos. They were spicy and delicious. Mini banana beignets served on porcelain spoons perched on a glass serving rack sprinkled with powered sugar ended our tapas party. Tapa That has a lovely wine list and serves local and craft beers by the bottle and from the tap. Prices are reasonable and service is excellent. We highly recommend Tapa That!
<review# 685,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2012,12/6/2012,783,779,4,6,6>Little comic shop in a "nondescript strip mall" on Southside Blvd. I was impressed with the customer service. The older gentleman is very helpful and informative.I liked their Marvel-ous selection of toys, but too bad they didn't carry my son's favorite character in figure form: M.O.D.O.K. Yes, that ugly dude is my son's favorite character. ::Sigh:: Why couldn't he go for IronMan? He's eyecandy and intelligent. Winning combination! Haha. This store would be just as much of a winning combination if they carried more Japanese comics (manga) stuff, but I saw mostly just the American comics, including DC Comics, Marvel, a few Disney comics for kids, and my son's Bone comics. If they carry manga, I must have missed it.
<review# 686,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2012,12/5/2012,295,309,2,9,7>I am new to the Jacksonville area...and decided to do some exploring today at the Jacksonville Zoo. And I am really glad I did. We took advantage of the special the zoo is running. The deal is this... During the summer months the zoo monitors the next days weather report. If the forecast says the temperature is supposed to be over 92 degrees... They post a 1/2 price off admission coupon. I don't there is a limit to the amount of people in your party. It's a great deal.My favorite part of my visit was "Stingray Bay". It one of the attractions that you pay a few dollars extra for... But so worth it! I loved it! For me it was easily worth the whole price of admission. They have about 25 sting rays swimming in a pool. Several different varieties. You stick your hand in the water and you can pet them as they swim by. Very cool. We got up close to elephants, gorillas, jaguars, giraffes, and butterflies! I am planning to do the annual family membership so we can go back more often. They also have several "garden" areas (Asian, and lily ponds) that are stunningly beautiful. All of the staff we spoke with during our visit were amazingly friendly, and informative about all of the animals.I highly recommend the Jacksonville Zoo. Great Place. Very affordable. A ton of bang for your buck....especially as compared to a tourist trap place like Sea World.
<review# 687,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2012,12/4/2012,54,24,2,3,2>I've never gotten a whole cake from here, but I've had their wedding sampler and tasted their cakes at bridal shows (I work on the bridal industry) & they have the most amazing cake consistently! I really can't wait to get a cake from here for someone's birthday! Best part about what i've tasted is that  they taste like they're made w/ very high quality ingredients & the result is super moist & delicious! I'd seriously check them out if you're looking for a great tasting cake.
<review# 688,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2012,12/3/2012,90,59,3,4,3>First of all, I can't believe Yelp doesn't offer "Puerto Rican" as a Restaurant category. "Latin American" and then "Colombian or Venezuelan" don't cut it!Anyhow, I was introduced to this place by a friend of mine and was so glad she invited me to lunch there today! There was a steam table for you to choose your items. The first Yelper of this place did a great job of providing info on the various dishes. I didn't catch all the names of the dishes but there were two types of pork: lechon that comes with some chicharron (what my friend got) or fried pork chunks (what I got -- tender but I wish it came with some sauce); what I thought was ropa vieja but based on the Yelp review below, I realize now is the bistec encebollao, basically steak strips with onions (I plan to get this next time); beef stew; a shredded cod dish (what I got -- tasty!), and chicken & potatoes. You get to pick either white rice or yellow rice with pidgeon peas (what I got), and sweet plantains (what I got -- good; I prefer the crispy fried kind more) or yuca cooked in a garlic sauce (what I'm getting next time!).With 2 items + rice and a soda, my bill came to $9.02. And I brought home a little to-go box of leftovers.My friend also got an order of a pastry stuffed with mashed potatoes that was heavy but good, as well as a Quesito - a flaky croissant-like pastry with cream cheese inside. I liked that it wasn't a sugary sweet dessert although I'm sure there's more than enough sugar in it than I really need. ;-)I wasn't surprised they didn't have Iron Beer Cola (I think it's Cuban, but I had to ask!) but they did have Inca Cola, the regular soda offerings, as well as tropical fruit drinks. It looked like a family-owned & operated business, which I loved. The staff was very friendly and helpful with telling me about the food. Plenty of parking outside and lots of tables inside. If you order in, order your food at the counter, eat, then pay your bill. Fast & tasty!
<review# 689,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2011,12/2/2012,29,81,3,5,3>I am surprised that there are only two other reviews of this place.  It's probably because they don't want to share the secret.  Like the others have already said, this place has the best donuts in Jacksonville.  The glazed donuts are their signature donut and they are extremely popular.  They do run out but they continue to make more throughout the morning.  This little shop gets very busy and they definitely have a local following.  Be prepared to wait in line but be ready to order when it's your turn.  I think the people behind you might run you over if you take too long.  I haven't had any donuts  that I did not enjoy.  The neighborhood isn't the most appealing but who cares.  Come give this place a try.  I bet you will become a regular.
<review# 690,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2010,12/1/2012,151,10,2,9,3>This is one of my favorite little shops in the ville'.  The first time I went I had a hard time finding the place due to the fact that it is at the end of a strip mall, tucked in the corner.  But once you find it, what a great gem.  The lady who owns the place is sweet as pie.  Her fresh baked buns are great.  She usually has one with bean curd, one with chocolate, and little pieces of hot dogs wrapped in her dough and topped with sesame seeds.  The place is small but it is packed with all sorts of goodies.  The sake selection is amazing.  I love stopping in after I leave FSCJ. I usually get there right as she is pulling some warm buns out of the oven.  Stop in some time and chat with the lady who owns it.  Hope you like it as much as I do.
<review# 691,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2012,11/30/2012,3,10,3,6,1>This place is awesome! My wife and I tried the buffet for lunch which was amazing, and inexpensive. It's a great experience for folks that aren't very familiar with indian food, and gives you an oppurtunity to try some new things and find something that suits you.We liked the buffet so much we decided to try it for dinner. Our waiter was extremely polite, prompt, and knowledgeable, and recommended a King Fisher beer that was fantastic. We had lamb vindaloo, which was spicy, but not overbearing. Highly recommended.
<review# 692,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2012,11/29/2012,8,8,2,2,2>Very nice place to eat! Came here for a birthday dinner with my wife and a small group. I ordered the lobster and shrimp ravioli. Definitely the best I have had! Also had the chocolate molten cake(?) for dessert, which was outstanding. Service was just a little slow, but I really have no complaints. I would definitely recommend checking out Brio Tuscan Grille if you're in the area; it's well worth it!
<review# 693,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2012,11/28/2012,67,131,4,7,4>Yay! I'm the first! This place is adding such a nice touch to King Street. It's the only one of their kind in Jacksonville. You may be thinking, "I know of other bakeries" But do you know of other bakeries that are strictly a vegan bakery or half of their items sold are gluten free? If you do, then I'd be amazed. I visited Sweet Theory on their opening day. You can tell a lot of hard work has gone into building this place. It's super cute inside with every detail of their space has been taken into consideration. They offer coffee and lattes. Their choice of milk is rice or almond. I met up with some of my friends and we all shared what we got. My order, Lavender Shortbread cookie and a Rice Milk Iced Vanilla Latte. Yum Yum! If you like to eat lavender then I do suggest this to you. My friend, who shared hers with me got the Gluten Free Chocolate Chip Cookie Sandwich. If you have a sweet tooth, this is for you. It was so delicious, I need to get this again. I can't wait to go back and add some pictures to my review. Like I said, this is the only one of its kind and I can see their hard work paying off rather quickly.
<review# 694,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2012,11/26/2012,227,252,4,7,4>I don't know why it took me so long to try this place out?! I desperately needed my car cleaned before heading out of town recently and since the Car Spa is a place that I always see lots of cars at I figured it would be a go place to go. I'm so glad I made that decision because not only was my car sparkly and fresh afterwards, their customer service is great! Did you know that if your outside of your vehicle gets dirty within 48 of having it washed there, you can bring it back with your receipt and they'll wash it again (outside only) for FREE!?! I didn't but I'm so glad I do now. There's nothing worse that paying to wash your car only to have it get rained on or dirty the very next day. Okay so there are worse things, but you know what I'm talking about.
<review# 695,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2012,11/25/2012,26,22,1,2,2>Marker 32 is an excellent local establishment. Have only been a few times, but highly recommend the place. Great options, very different, very fresh. Excellent service. Not anything like any typical chain restaurant, which is good. I know one of the chefs so I can honestly say how quality the place truly is and that they have passion in what they do. Hard to pinpoint the " exact type of food" but its good, unique American with great seafood, chicken and beef options
<review# 696,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2012,11/24/2012,22,144,4,5,4>I am pretty obsessed with tea and I am so happy to have found Aroma Corner. I've always loved Boba Tea, but have never found a reliable place in Jax to get it. So, I was super excited to try Aroma's Boba Tea. It was delicious! I also had to order some pastries since, I've been denied my pastry fix with the closing of Bakery Moderne:(.  I've tried more pastries than Boba Teas, and my favorite has to be Aroma Corner's cream puff. Their cream puff might be the best I've ever had. It melted in my mouth and had not a hint of chewiness. My next favorite is the Taro Mousse it is a light, refreshing dessert. I also really like the Earl Gray Mousse, but it was a little more sophisticated and not on the sweet side. I bought my coworkers a bag of seaweed cookies, but these were not a hit! I think the seaweed cookies are the one thing I would not buy again. Everyone at Aroma Corner has been super helpful and friendly each visit.
<review# 697,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2012,11/23/2012,29,97,4,7,5>This is one of my favorite places downtown.  They frequently have live music which is always a plus.  I usually end my Art Walk experience here but last Art Walk I started here and I think that is the way to go!  It is not crowded and having a good beer always makes me more likely to purchase things I admire at Art Walk, which is surely a good thing, we all need to support our local artists.  My favorite thing about Burro Bar is the good rotating selections they make in craft beer.  It is only four dollars regularly and if you go before art walk you can even enjoy their happy hour prices.  I also like the bullet cases that are glued around the room and the whole Pancho Villa vibe, down to the Mexican religious candles that they burn.  This place has a relaxing vibe, interesting decor, good music, and great beer and is definetely worth a try, especially if you are a craft beer drinker.
<review# 698,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2012,11/22/2012,21,3,4,10,4>I just have to say that Diana is indeed the Master Waxer! I have been going to her for over 2 years now and shame on me for just now bragging on her. She is the fastest and most professional in the business, waxing my full legs, underarms, bikini + in 30 minutes!  Cleanliness is of utmost concern and she is spot on in this area, getting a 5 from me. She is always on time and gets me in and out so I can get on with my day.  Giovanni has given me a few massages and customizes according to my needs. I always feel restored and refreshed when I leave. I appreciate their passion to their professions and highly recommend them to all.
<review# 699,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2012,11/21/2012,30,43,3,3,3>We have been to a number of productions over the last couple of years, and the entertainment has always been first rate.  The food has gotten steadily better each time, and the theatre finally has an in-house kitchen with a chef formerly of 95 Cordova in St. Augustine.  The dinner this time (Phantom of the Opera) is now in the "fine dining" range and the chef is obviously having a good time.  Here was the menu for the evening:First Course - Citrus Chili Shrimp cocktail and an italian sausage/herb cheese bite in pastry.Second Course - She Crab Bisque with brie crostini OR Arugula Salad with poached pear, cranberries, goat cheese, fried wontons, candied walnuts, and a very nice lemon vinaigrette .Third Course - Seafood Newburg in puff pastry with mashed potatoes and asparagus OR Prime Rib with potatoes au gratin & french green beans OR Crispy Duck Confit with Mango glaze OR Whole Wheat pasta Primavera.Dessert - Lemon Blackberry Cheesecake OR Death by Chocolate cakeOur dinners were very good, and the servers are excellent.  In addition to going to see a professionally staged  theatre production, the Alhambra is also a good place for a nice dinner.
<review# 700,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2011,11/20/2012,0,3,3,5,5>Best Vietnamese in the area. The spicy soup is like a dream in liquid form. The menu is extensive with lots of interesting choices, there are these little fried beef roll-ups that I would seriously drive to Mayport and eat every night if I could. They make their chili-garlic sauce in house and it is awesome.I found the staff to be very gracious and helpful. It's just a great place to eat.
<review# 701,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2011,11/19/2012,7,12,3,5,3>Yea...true gluten free pizza that is really good!  I was impressed with the choices and the clear selection of gluten free options!  The vegetables are fresh and options for the pizza are abundant.It is casual, small and a good place for pizza. This is not the place to come for ambience, but it is the place for good quality food.it would be nice to have the prices a little bit less, but it is still worth it.Next time i plan to try one of the gluten free desserts.
<review# 702,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2012,11/18/2012,20,36,1,2,2>Lunch or dinner, you'll leave happy. Their menu is fun and ranges from burgers, to chicken sandwiches, to big salads, to tuna roll ups, to milkshakes. It's comfort food that's spun in a way that's gourmet, if that makes sense. All the food is prepared with love and it's apparent. Fun vibe. I love sitting outside at one of the 8 tables on a 75-degree evening in Jax Beach. Florida air is the best. Cruiser's, you made moving to Florida that much better. I take all my visitors straight to Cruiser's when they come into town and they always leave here raving about it.
<review# 703,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2012,11/17/2012,64,181,2,4,4>This is a wonderful library that everyone needs to go to at least once. Five floors, an outside patio with a fountain, skylights, windows with great views, lots of comfortable seating and books, books and more books. The elevators and bathrooms are always clean and maintained. The librarians are cheerful, polite, and seem like they have their dream job. There is always some sort of display/exhibit going on, scattered on different floors.
<review# 704,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2012,11/16/2012,180,254,1,4,2>Opening day!Upon walking in I felt much more warm and cozy than I felt in the two previous spots (The Black Bean, Moe's). Improvements (the addition of wood panels, an open layout, calming colors, and a self-service coffee area) have been made and the space is more inviting.We quickly agreed upon The Loaded Goat (flaky biscuit with fried chicken breast and a fried goat cheese medallion) and The Sticky Maple (flaky biscuit with fried chicken breast, pecan bacon topped with real maple syrup), and added two sides: grits and the Smoky Mountain Mac-N-Cheese.The signature biscuit sandwiches range from $4-7 and are filling. Sauces and other sides (sweet potato fries, collards, black eyed peas, salad, pepper jelly, butter, cheese, honey, apple butter, maple syrup, etc.) are additional. There are also coffee, sodas and tea.The biscuits themselves were good but not overly fluffy. The chicken was a generous portion, moist and not greasy. The creamy melted goat cheese was our favorite of the two toppings.The grits were good but needed to be stirred. We realized halfway through that there appeared to be cream cheese mixed in. The mac 'n cheese was good but not the best. The breadcrumb crust added a nice contrast to the cheesy noodles.I'd give MSBC a 3.5 out of 5. I want to go back and try some other items. I love that Jacksonville has a biscuit spot and that it's open 6 days a week at 7 a.m. Will be perfect for post-run grub.
<review# 705,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2012,11/15/2012,18,13,3,4,3>I love the fact that their beer menu is composed mainly of microbrews; many of them from the north Florida region! It's located in the historic district, so the atmosphere is absolutely stellar!  They have a number of random games in the place which provides some good drunken entertainment.I highly recommend "pint night" which is held every Tuesday.  You can drink the beer of the week, and collect a few glasses while your at it!
<review# 706,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2011,11/14/2012,3,29,3,4,3>Best ever! I grew up with this place, always coming here with friends and family and it's never failed to disappoint. Their Oreo shakes are DELICIOUS and their burgers are phenomenal! I personally love their crispy chicken salad, I always eat every last bite! My mouth is literally watering right now just thinking about how good their food is. Prices are also low. Whenever I go there with my mom, she always gets a cheeseburger and myself a salad and total I think it costs about $20. Good food for a good price! Doesn't get much better!
<review# 707,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2012,11/13/2012,55,143,1,8,3>Thank goodness, a place to get your eyebrows threaded in Jacksonville. They did a great job and I was done in 5 minutes, not kidding. If you have never had your brows or other facial hair threaded, you should, it's less painful than waxing and doesn't rip the skin off your face!I also had a pedicure, which was wonderful, a much better massage and experience than your average nail salon. She took her time, used great products and I really enjoyed it.The salon is spotless, and the furniture is very comfy and upscale, you'll see what I mean. They also carry many European and upscale product lines.
<review# 708,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2012,11/12/2012,43,89,1,2,2>Fat jacks is a tiny restaurant with a dirt parking lot in the middle of nothingville (well really right off the interstate in baldwin), but they sure as hell know their bbq!  The minute you roll up you just smell smoked meat....mmmm.  They have a decent sized menu.  The pork is really good, but i always get the turkey. One day i will get the fried bologna sandwich!! The turkey is never dry and so tasty, it doesn't even need any sauce.  If i do go for a sauce its usually the sweet.  I always order the turkey plate that comes with 2 sides and texas toast - double green beans all the way.  This will run you around 8 and change with no drink.  These green beans are like a meat fest.  Even the juice they're in is dark, and rich in smoked pork flavor. Best I've ever had and is making me salivate right now!  Ive had the sweet potato fries with the cinnamon butter and they are really good too.  They give you a huge portion of them. The baked beans are very sweet, so if thats how you like them then these are the beans for you.  The coleslaw is the only thing i felt that was a little weak.  It was very thin and watered down.  Kind of peppery too.  The staff is always very friendly when we go and make you feel at home. I wish it wasn't so far from my home because id go all the time to feed my green bean obsession.
<review# 709,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2011,11/11/2012,35,18,3,3,3>Mellow Mushroom has been a star in my book since I first tried them down in Orlando a few years ago. Now I have the privilege of living near a couple locations. From the quirky atmosphere to the unique and cravable pizzas, every Mellow Mushroom really delivers.  To start, they offer several appetizers. We've tried (and enjoyed) the garlic bread, cheese bread, and bruschetta. All were fantastically delicious with the bruschetta being my favorite. My husband loves the cheese bread best.  We've been slowly working our way through the menu and none have disappointed yet. They have items you'd expect and recognize, like the Hawaiian and Cheese pizzas, but with their own Mellow Mushroom kick. Other items on the menu like the Kosmic Karma and Red Skin Potato Pie are surprisingly scrumptious as well.  Each Mellow Mushroom I've been to is a bit different than the last. Some have giant mushrooms growing out of the floors or ceilings, and there is always some sort of psychedelic art display covering the walls of the restaurant. This particular Mellow Mushroom has a drug related vibe, which I don't care for at all. While dining, you can watch famous artists float above you while getting high at their own "Alice in Wonderland"esque tea party. Not something I enjoy viewing continuously.  That being said, overall, Mellow Mushroom is one of our new favorite pizza joints. When good food is in mind, make your way to the nearest location and enjoy the munchies and atmosphere.
<review# 710,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2011,11/10/2012,48,55,3,4,3>If you're looking for some real Cuban food, this is your best bet in the Jax Beach area. The Ropa Vieja and Lechon Asado are both just tremendous. The Carne Asada and cuban sandwich are both okay, but the strength of El Ranchito is definitely the above stewed dishes and the Bandeja Paisa (traditional Colombian dish).The prices are quite nice, especially for lunch ($7-9 for a generous entreé with rice, beans & sweet plantains).
<review# 711,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2012,11/9/2012,42,9,3,4,3>This place is little known gem in Neptune Beach. It is great for a salad topped with chicken or a burger. The prices are very reasonable and they have a different special every night of the week. They have recently renovated their patio and it is quite spacious. Be weary of some of the beer prices, though. The (in my humble opinion) "better" beers can push 5.50 per pint. None the less, I've never had a bad experience!
<review# 712,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2010,11/8/2012,22,3,3,4,5>Went there on a Saturday evening with a girlfriend and luckily they were full inside so we sat on the patio. It was fantastic! The server was excellent and she helped me through the menu with her suggestions which were dead on. It was a perfect place to go relax, have a phenomenal dinner and see one of the gems of Jacksonville. (It did make me feel like I was back in San Fran in a neighborhood gem as some the other reviews suggested, perfect!)
<review# 713,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2012,11/7/2012,88,23,3,6,6>Food: I'm dining on the Pho Tom, #19, (shrimp noodle soup) as I type. It is so good it motivated me to write a review immediately! The broth is amazing, and as many others have said, it's all about broth when getting your Pho fix on. All of my toppings are exceptionally fresh. Toppings for Pho typically include basil, bean sprouts, culantro, onions, jalapenos, lime. The shrimp is eh. Medium, pink shrimp. But I guess in the bigger bowl of things, they really don't matter anyway because you can't taste em over the other stuff. Ambiance: N/A - I ordered takeout this trip, but from the counter it looked eye-appealing.Service: Quick phone service, prompt at the counter, friendly, efficient. I did not like how they charge a .50 takeout surcharge however. I guess this must be to accommodate a lack of tip, but it was unexpected. I'll definitely head back here (probably as soon as next week), to check out the steak, brisket or tripe Pho. They also have several varieties of spring rolls and a lotus root salad calling my name....more to come!
<review# 714,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2012,11/6/2012,56,20,6,7,7>This place is the quintessence of all that Jacksonville as been missing; Rooftop, upscale and affordable, and an immense forethought and effort put into the menu. I go here every Thursday after class and the food is always delicious and maintains a consistency that many of the restaurants in this area have neglected for years. Hopefully this will become a trend and open the eyes of other establishments and bring awareness of the new height of the hyperbole "bar". I love the "Fried Green Olives", if you love jalapeño poppers but hate the wretched heartburn that usually accompanies it then the olives are a fantastic alternative.
<review# 715,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2012,11/5/2012,0,9,1,2,2>Excellent food! Visited today and enjoyed both the chiken (that's how they spell it) and kafta kabab platters. Kababs were served atop a fresh salad with seasoned vegetables. Neither of us could finish because the portions were so generous. Arabic coffee was amazing! Try this place!!!
<review# 716,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2012,11/4/2012,3,15,3,3,3>I can't say enough good things about Little Bits! I visited the store today for the first time.  It was impressed by the cleanliness, organization and selection.  I have a 4.5 month old and was looking for a jumper for him.  I found a Fisher Price jumperoo in great condition.  Katie the store owner took the time to show me how to make the height adjustments and even let my son play in it before buying.  It was half off the price of a new one.  I also found Pottery Barn crib sheets, a summer sleep sack, a brand new Puma shirt, brand new baby Einstein octopus and a cool sun hat...all for less than $80.  I felt like I got a great deal and will definitely be shopping here again and again.  I have already recommended this store to several of my mommy friends.  They also have a great buy back program and will give cash up front on accepted items.  Thumbs up to Little Bits!
<review# 717,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2011,11/2/2012,58,65,3,4,4>First time there a few weeks ago. LOVED IT.We went on a Sunday (family day) which meant that if you had a child under the age of 18 with you, your party gets infree. BONUS! We went straight up to the 5th floor with my 1 year old and she had a blast playing with the upcycled materials. She was enjoying herself so much that I even allowed her to crawl around the floor (in a public place during flu season!) to the different stations. It is one of the most fun things we have done with her, to date. Surprisingly, my husband also enjoyed it and paused to read about a lot of the pieces we found interesting.Definitely a great way to spend a Sunday.
<review# 718,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2012,11/1/2012,208,28,4,6,4>Bars should be known for their drinks, right?  Every drink made here is amazing...these bartenders really know what they're doing.  I love the laid back, downtown vibe...a great, comfy place to mingle or grab a quick drink after a rough day at work.  The music 9/10 times is great and not too mainstream.  The employees are great people, too.  I'd recommend karaoke on Monday nights if you've never been...you're sure to have a good time.
<review# 719,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2012,10/30/2012,74,816,2,2,3>YUM!!!  Green Papaya has an awesome menu, cool decor, and incredible food.  What more could you want??  I recommend trying their salad as well, it is very tasty.  Don't be afraid to order a "level 5" if you like spicy, it's not enough to set you on fire!!
<review# 720,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2012,10/29/2012,6,12,2,5,2>The beers are delicious-- i mean that, they really just taste so good.  I have never really been a "fan" of any one type of beer, but i drink Intuition whenever, wherever I can.  The taproom is very nice, comfortable and cozy.  I love it when, in the fall and winter, they open up the wharehouse/beer garden.The staff is also very friendly and doesnt talk down to you if you aren't some craft beer snob know-it-all.This is my favorite place to drink in all of Jacksonville.
<review# 721,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2012,10/28/2012,180,303,3,4,3>Chamblin's is my only choice when I'm looking for books and by far, the best bookstore that I've ever had the pleasure of finding. I can easily lose myself inside this store for hours. Let yourself take that detour when something catches your eye and you may find something that you never knew existed. On the contrary, anything that you are looking for, they will most likely have a copy. It might take a little bit to find some items, but the journey to finding them is well worth it. One of my favorite things about Chamblin's is the ability to bring in your old books, audio books, or movies and exchange them either for store credit or moolah. They will usually take most of what you have, just don't be too upset when they turn away your copy of "Anne of Green Gables" or other popular books.
<review# 722,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2012,10/27/2012,110,135,1,4,1>LOVE Cami Cakes! This last visit proved the rest of the city has caught on and agrees with me. It was PACKED! I walked in to the smell of the cinnamon swirl cupcakes being pulled freshly out of the oven. Delicious. They have their entire selection on display (maybe 10-15 different kinds). Thankfully they have napkins and utencils just before the register (yes, utencils. it's necessary.) so you can wipe the drool before you order. This time I opted for some kind of chocolate raspberry almond nonsense, as well as a cinnamon swirl (obviously their tactic worked). Both out of this world. They're a little overzealous on their icing, but it makes the cupcakes look even better, and I usually scrape about half of it off. It's so good though!
<review# 723,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2012,10/26/2012,13,18,3,4,4>Absolutely love it here!  Cupcakes are delish! The froyo are so good and lowfat with tons of toppings to choose from candies to nuts to fresh fruit. They even have boba beads and mochi! In addition, you can sample each flavor or blends. Can't beat that. They have cupcake decorating parties for the kids. Each child has their own chef's hat, utensils for decorating, and their own box to take it home.The atmosphere is welcoming and bright with a big flat screen TV on the corner showing the Food Network, high tables w/ stool chairs and regular tables with booth seats.Prices are reasonable. For mini cupcakes $2 a piece or $6 for 4-pack or $18 for dozen. For regular cupcakes $3 a piece. Every Monday, there is a special: $1 mini cupcakes. Now that's a sweet deal.
<review# 724,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2009,10/25/2012,105,448,3,3,3>Going to the Florida Theatre is like taking a step back in time--when people got dressed up to go to the movies--to concerts--to plays--to just about anything really! The building itself is beautiful and the seats comfy. I have seen many a concert here including Tori Amos circa 1995! One of the best was seeing Norah Jones when she first hit the music scene. Amazing!!Other than concerts, I always look forward to the Summer Film Series. The movies are typically "classics", think Breakfast at Tiffany's. Tickets are fairly cheap--around 5 bucks and makes for relaxing Summer Sunday afternoon.
<review# 725,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2011,10/24/2012,35,62,2,8,3>Truly a hidden gem! When I first heard the name, I thought it was going to be some generic Mexican place...boy was I wrong! This place is as authentic as it gets! I got the 3 tacos (carnitas, asada, and chicken) and they were outstanding! They have a salsa bar with 8 different varieties, and they taste like they were just made (because they probably were.) My friend ordered her tacos with avocado. When the lady brought it out she told her that she is refunding her $1 (for the avocado) because they did not look good and she was not going to serve them. That really took us by surprise because most places would go ahead and serve it to make an extra buck. This showed us that this place is not only delicious, but honest!
<review# 726,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2011,10/23/2012,14,27,2,4,2>There's no better place to go for a fantastic breakfast with friends on the weekends. Killer prices, an awesome staff, rockin' music and the best waffles you ever had make The Fox my absolute fave. Coming from much larger cities, I was really disappointed that Jacksonville was really short on diners to hit up for a late-night feast or a hungover brunch. But I love The Fox so much, I don't even care anymore. It's about the only place you can get breakfast in town and have a fighting chance of a kid-free atmosphere. The only thing that would make this place better is to serve alcohol and be open 24 hours (or at least late night). If you go during peak hours (10-1 on weekends), you might expect to wait 5 or 10 minutes for a table, but it's worth it. Highly recommended.
<review# 727,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2010,10/22/2012,40,82,3,4,6>I definitely am going to rate this place a 5 of 5 star rating and it's not just because I'm still reeling from the fantabulous breakfast the hubs and i had there this morning. I've been kind of fearful that there'd be a line out the door because of it being such a secretive and well reviewed place, but at 10am on this Sunday it worked perfectly! we've even talked about heading back during the week or for that special once a month dinner I read and heard about. We were greeted and seated as soon as we walked in the front door, and only had to wait a few minutes for drinks and to be told the daily specials. I ordered the egg plate with fried bologna and a biscuit with a coffee and juice, and the hubs had the Belgian waffle with bacon and a diet soda. Simple fare , right? These guys kicked up the flavor and presentation to the "nth" degree for just regular old bfast food! We were amazed!! I don't think I've been this excited about cheese grits ,biscuits and fried bologna in ..well, ever. This is the FIRST time I've ever seen the hubs not use any syrup at all on a waffle- he just ate it with the cinnamon butter and toasty pecans (with powdered sugar and caramel sauce). The grits were fantastic,  didn't need salt or pepper for anything, and the biscuits were reminiscent of the ones my Grammy and momma used to make- big ole fresh cat-heads! I was super impressed with the level of personal attention and service we got, as well as the other patrons, some of which were called by name! I absolutely love that! we got a slice of mandarin orange cake( I'm still dreaming about it and mourning it's demise) to go which didn't last long sadly. I would definitely recommend this place to others,but only hope that they stay in business for ages, and there's always a table for me there.
<review# 728,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2010,10/20/2012,11,9,3,4,5>this is the ONLY place in jacksonville I will get my pizza. I tell all my friends about it. Its sooo sooo soooo GOOD!. The BBQ Chicken St Louis style is my favorite. The menu in unbelievable. You just need to go there and try it for yourself. Desert with the gooey butter cake. Everything is made from scratch. I  think I may come by on Monday with some friends to split some pizza!
<review# 729,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2012,10/19/2012,24,74,,2,1>Yes yes yes yes!This place has it all...outdoor seating, great food, great beer (plenty of microbrews), great drinks, great atmosphere. You cannot go wrong here whether it's dinner or just a few drinks.The staff is very friendly and the bartenders are prompt and actually care whether or not you like your drinks.Will be going again and again.
<review# 730,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2012,10/18/2012,116,119,1,2,3>My all-time favorite!!! Great FOOD, great DESSERT, great WINE, great COFFEE, great SERVICE, and great ATMOSPHERE :)  This is such a no-fail restaurant.  Every time someone new comes to town, this is ALWAYS my first suggestion.  All the desserts are amazing.  They are one of the very few establishments who serves Blue Franc.  My party and I ordered 2 bottles of that.  Let's see, what else? Ah, the cheese plates are good, the soups are good, and the dinner specials are always on point.  They even let me switch out my sides for whatever was on another selection, so that's cool.  They have one of the best beef filets :)  HAPPY DINING!!! :)
<review# 731,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2012,10/17/2012,79,94,2,3,3>My go to/favorite place for a lovely dinner with family or friends! Everything about this place is AMAZING. An intimate restaurant for any occasion, its perfect for prom dinners, catching a quick meal or enjoying a relaxing dinner after a long week. Anxious to try it again after being absent from Jville for 5 years, when my mom suggested dinner out, I immediately suggested it. Unbeknownst to me, it was the last 1/2 off wine night of the season (Usually on Mondays in the summer)! As if my favorite restaurant in Jacksonville could get any better. We immediately ordered a bottle of Steele chardonnay, this was a great chance to splurge on a bottle we wouldnt normally be able to enjoy! We started out with the bruschetta and I was pleasantly surprised. With mozzarella already baked inside the bread, this wasnt your normal bruschetta. For entrees, my mom opted for the Salmon salad and I decided on their gourmet white truffle pizza adorned with mushrooms, arugula, mozzarella and prosciutto. My mothers salad was HUGE and was perfect for a dinner plate. My pizza hit the spot. The saltiness of the prosciutto mixed perfectly with the flavor of the mushrooms and abundance of cheese. Since our dinners were so plentiful, we didnt have room for dessert but I HIGHLY recommend any baked selection from bbs. True bakery style, they do not have a dessert menu, but instead, you select your delectible treat from a case by the kitchen. They have everything from Black Forest Cake to Carrot Cake to numerous cheesecake selections. All of these desserts are baked in house and never disappoint.
<review# 732,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2011,10/13/2012,58,47,3,3,3>This place is AMAZING! They have a large list of creative pizzas, the option to create your own unique pizza, an insane amount of beers on draft, cool music (often live), and TVs everywhere for watching a game! What's not to like? The servers are always friendly! I love that you can see the kitchen and watch the pizzas being hand tossed. The patio is awesome! I wish more places had such a large outdoor seating area!I am not a huge fan of chain restaurants, but this one shines above your typical chain!
<review# 733,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2012,10/12/2012,1,11,4,3,3>Oh, The French Pantry.  This is another one of those places that I wouldn't mind having my "last meal," so to speak.  While I rarely get there because of the line around the building and few hours that it is open, I love eating there when I do get the chance.  This is a very small, hole in the wall place with some of the most amazing food and desserts you will eat.  It is a must try, though I hate to share this gem and make the line even longer!
<review# 734,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2012,10/11/2012,90,9,3,5,3>So glad to finally have an awesome fish restaurant on the North end of the beach!!  They new restaurant layout has a huge eat-at bar, and lots of seats by the windows, and outside as well, and to top it off a rooftop bar (opening in about 2 weeks)!Similar menu, in style and quality, to sister restaurant Palm Valley Fish Camp.  Our first visit here for lunch we tried the fried clams appetizer which was amazing (and how often can you really say that about something fried) with a really light, lemony tartar sauce. We shared the seared ahi tuna with mixed greens.  Tuna was exceptionally fresh, my only suggestion would be more greens-less cabbage in the mixed greens.   Delicious!! I look forward to coming here often!!
<review# 735,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2012,10/10/2012,161,465,5,6,5>Finally ... finally was able to go to Soul Food Bistro yesterday.  I've been wanting to try this place for so long, but just never find myself in that part of town or on the rare occasions we were there, just didn't think to try it.  Well, we finally made a point to try, and we weren't disappointed.  As many reviewers already indicated, it's a cafeteria style restaurant.  The portions were huge and everything we ordered tasty.  I tried their smothered pork chops and they were delicious.  Hubby tried their rib special, they were a bit sweet for us, but that's a personal preference.  For quality southern comfort food, I think this is about as good as it gets.  No fluff, just down right yummy delicious food!
<review# 736,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2012,10/9/2012,189,231,3,3,3>If you're at the Landing, you have to eat here!Best nachos in Jax! Homemade chips, unlike anything you've ever had. The nachos alone are enough for a meal. Do that with a cold beer and you're good to go. Sit outside, they usually have live music and the view of the river is incredible.
<review# 737,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2012,10/8/2012,64,165,3,3,4>Thanks to the groupon they ran a few weeks ago I've just discovered a wonderful place I plan to keep coming back to. It's clean, has a wonderful beachy feel to it, has a great view into the dock area of yachts and boats, has an outdoor patio, a nice area for a bar and live music, and their bathrooms are clean!The food is certainly a little on the expensive side, but the food taste great too. Try the jerk chicken mac and cheese. So good! My girlfriend had the buffalo chicken wrap (i think) and she enjoyed it as well. Their fries taste wonderful too. Caesar salad is a real Caesar and taste wonderful.Definitely coming back.
<review# 738,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2012,10/7/2012,7,18,1,4,2>Cool Moose is one of those local gems that keeps me going back. Relaxed atmosphere, friendly service and a nice local feel are matched by their yummy food. Big fat muffins and self serve coffee are a great breakfast on the go option. Today we took advantage of lazy Sunday and tried the Costa Rican breakfast plate which is a generous portion of huevos con chorizo between tortillas, topped with tomatillo. Sweet plantains and rice with black beans are served as sides. Very tasty and a nice change from the usual breakfast fare.
<review# 739,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2012,10/6/2012,87,220,5,6,5>If you live in Riverside, Hovan's might be one of those places you drive by all the time but it never crosses your mind to stop in. Well, stop driving and start eating!We came on a Tuesday night and we promptly greeted by a friendly woman behind the counter. I watched her throughout the night - busting ass. She was serving, making to-go orders, and basically running the entire front of the house without help. I could see three guys through the kitchen window - drinking beer and standing around. The whole time, she kept a smile on her face. Service is a huge deal for me, so I was thoroughly impressed with her. We left a huge tip and I hope she didn't share!The food was just as impressive. We had hummus, greek salads, a gyro, falafel, and something else I can't remember. All of it was tasty and fresh. The prices were reasonable, too. I will definitely be back. Just another of the many yummy places to eat in my neighborhood!
<review# 740,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2012,10/5/2012,22,42,2,4,4>This joint is right around the corner from work, and I've been meaning to try it out for weeks. Finally this past Friday I talked my coworkers in to ordering and I was glad we did! We all ordered various calzones, and everyone was in agreement that they were awesome! The filling/toppings were so fresh and there was cheese for days. I'm a big man and I couldn't even finish mine if that tells you anything. You're definitely getting your money's worth. I'll be back to Moon River soon!
<review# 741,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2012,10/4/2012,241,1176,5,14,7>Favorite restaurant in Jacksonville.I have been to dinner. I have been to brunch. I have been to special events. I have even celebrated July 4th here. Orsay and it's staff never disappoints. What one would think is a very stuffy restaurant, would be surprised when it is just the opposite. My favorite cocktail to currently order is the Dark & Stormy. They make an excellent version and I'm addicted. Tried scallops for the first time (in a very, very long time) and loved every bite. Tender, buttery, perfectly cooked. They even take the standard American cookout to the next level when they invite everybody over for their July 4th BBQ. Pulled pork. Chicken Salad. Hot dogs. You name it, the probably had it. And every last bite was delicious. Superb Staff. Fabulous food. The only thing I would EVER complain about is the drive (from the beach) to get there.
<review# 742,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2012,10/3/2012,73,124,8,7,7>I don't think I'd ever make a good vegetarian because I love BBQ pork too much.  Monroe's makes some of the best pulled pork I have ever eaten - moist and tender and with just enough fattiness to make you look forward to your first coronary bypass.  I enjoyed the pork more without any BBQ sauce, to be honest.   I ordered mine with sweet potato souffle and mac and cheese.  The m&c was just that .  No fancy bechamel sauce or crushed Ritz crackers on the top - just pure, unadulterated macaroni and cheese.  The souffle could've stood to be sweeter, but I'm one who eats Sugar In The Raw directly from the packet so I may be a little biased.  Another thing that sometimes shows up on the menu is the BBQ pork fries.  Seasoned fries, covered with BBQ pulled pork and cheese sauce.  Oh. My. God.The truck sometimes pops up at Everbank Plaza in Riverside during lunch.  What is it about Everbank that attracts all of the food trucks?  Totally unfair for those of us who work in the downtown area.  I've got an idea - the city should raze the Landing to the ground and build a food truck park like Atlanta has with umbrella-covered picnic benches.  That would be much better use of that prime, river-front property.
<review# 743,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2012,10/2/2012,54,83,10,9,10>Today was my first time here and ooooh mama!Let me start off by saying: if you blink, sneeze or check the time, you will miss this literal hole in the wall. Using my GPS, I still ended up walking 3 blocks to get there...I guess this place is so hidden even the satellites had a hard time pinpointing it lol Oh, and if you want a Mile High Club experience without going a mile high into the air then this is the place for you! No, I wasn't involved in any Hanky Panky lol The fact that I crashed into the toilet and almost cracked my head on the wall mirror behind it ( I really had to go, so I was moving kind of fast lol) reminded me of the port-a-potties on airplanes...but then again a mile high restroom is like a Presidential Suite in comparison to Chomp Chomp's...I'm not kidding yawl! lolOk, all jokes aside, it was a great experience. I was warmly welcomed by the owner who was also working the counter and the head knodder oldies playing through the speakers. Because he said it was his ultimate favorite, I choose the Westsider sandwich, which is pretty much a perfectly lightly fried chicken breast with hot sauce and blue cheese coleslaw on what I am guessing is a Kaiser bun. I also got the homemade curry chips and a grapefruit soda. HOLY COW PIE, that was an amazing meal! I usually HATE blue cheese, but was intrigued by it being made with coleslaw here and I am SO glad I went for it! Genius idea. I also am not a big fan of curry...it's just one of those things that are Hit or Miss and the only time it's been a hit for me is when it was home cooked by one of my Jamaican acquaintences. But whoever is working the kitchen knows EXACTLY what they are doing and gets major kudos from me :-) The grapefruit soda is such a great wash down item...it reminds me of ginger ale with a burst of grapefruit aftertaste.My favorite moment was when an old school Beastie Boys classic came on, the staff cranked it up, and all of us (me and the 4 other customers) immediately started to nod our heads to the beat, sing along and grin like idiots...all at the same time lol None of us knew each other from a can of paint, but for a couple minutes, we were all the best of friends enjoying a good song. If you are looking for a great bite to eat, with great prices and a great vibe, this is definitely where you want to be...and they are open VERY late (which I am learning is rare for Jacksonville businesses) so instead of making these franchises rich (taco bell, mcdonalds...*bluuuggghhh*), take a trip downtown and support our local business owners :-)
<review# 744,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2012,10/1/2012,224,19,3,3,3>This place was meant for me. They mean business when they say "soup's on!" With a giant cooler full of frozen pints of home-concocted soups to take home, I doubt I could have begun to count the variety of options. No preservatives, just soup. Glancing at the menu, I immediately liked what I saw. Soups broken up by dietary preference: Vegan, Vegetarian, Seafood, Beef, Chicken. (They aren't labeled precisely like that, but it's the general idea) I've enjoyed all three of the vegetarian sandwiches that are offered. A sandwich and soup (cup) combo is enough for lunch plus leftovers. The combo is offered with a range of 4 sizes varying from cup to pint. I cant wait to get back to try some of their salads! Havent been able to resist the sandwiches with their hearty bread, plus two slices of sourdough (?) alongside the soup. Yum yum yum. Go get you some. Last time I went, I overheard a customer raving about the tea and one of their desserts. Wish I could have better hearing! Will have to sort the matter out myself, I suppose...
<review# 745,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2012,9/30/2012,64,149,6,13,11>This place is such a hidden Gem! It is located on southside and baymeadows.First let me tell you about the taiyaki that they serve there. These are fish shaped waffles that are filled with certain fillings that they have on their menu. For example they have bavarian, cream cheese, rasberry and cream cheese, blueberry and cream cheese, red bean and walnut, chocolate cream, hot dog and string cheese and one of my favorites is bacon, ham, cheese and egg. --they also have a few others that i cant remember off the top of my head-- These are made fresh to order and every single one is absolutely delicious! Let me also add that when they say cheese like string cheese they arent joking. I ordered a hot dog and cheese one for my brother and they used a whole hot dog and a whole stick of string cheese!!!!! it was better then going to the gas station for a stupid nacho cheese dog.  Then the bavarian cream, oh its soo good! and the breakfast style one i had mentioned earlier is just as good.  I dont know what it was but having that breakfast waffle at 4 in the afternoon just really hit the spot. These range bettween $1.95-$2.95The Icecream that they have there has a price that ranges from about $5 to about i think its like $8. Not quite sure but its well worth it. you can either get a cup or a cone or both! If its too much ice cream they put it in a cup with your cone on top. Its very fresh. You couldnt ask for fresher ice cream it literally has the freshest ingredients. you can choose from whole milk, fat free milk, soy milk or yogurt and then you pick your flavor and they mix it with a hand blender and then freeze it into ice cream on this special table. Right in front of you! nothing else added to the icecream. you can then pick up to two toppings that are included in the price and then each additional topping is only 25 cents. JUST 25 CENTS!!! thats soo cheap! and to get super fresh ice cream you really cant beat that. and you control what flavors and toppings go into it so you know exactly what your eating. definitely try the icecream out. I loved it because they even froze some of my 6month's freshly made formula into an icecream and she loved it! I would never had imagined my baby eating icecream before the age of one! This place is soo family friendly!They also have really great iced coffee with frozen coffee cubes so your coffee doesnt get iced down. You gotta def give this place a try at least once because im sure you will have to go back again!
<review# 746,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2012,9/29/2012,55,170,3,9,5>I love this new addition to Riverside!  The Garage is the new bar on the corner of King & Post where Walker's wine bar was.  We went for the first time on Saturday night and it was packed!  They have an interesting food menu with salads, upscale Philly steak sandwiches, and more, plus they have a good selection of local beers on tap (Intuition, Bold City).  My salad was decent, but my husband's sandwich was amazing.  I love the space and the setup - it has a good flow with a mix of high tables, low tables, bar seating, etc.  Our server was super friendly!  This place is definitely one of my new favorites.
<review# 747,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2012,9/28/2012,295,309,7,9,7>My wife and I had the nicest diner in Anatoliia's last night! Our server was Neda, the wife of the chef. The chef isTurkish, so it seemed appropriate to order from the "Mediteranean" side of the menu. The other side has classic Italian fair.I had the Shepards Casserole, and my wife had the Mixed Shikebob dish.I LOVED the Shepards Casserole!!! The menu says that it normally comes with lamb, but apparently they were out, so my dish was made with beef. If was small diced cubes of beef, onions, peppers, and tomatoes, sitting atop a bed of housemade hummus. It was awesome! Great flavor. And a huge portion.My wifes mixed grill had 3 skewers... One beef, one chicken, and one of ground beef... With a side of rice and a small salad. Each skewer protein was very flavorful.We finished our meal with traditional Turkish coffee. Neda bought us out a little sampler of baklava. And then we ordered a Turkish dessert that was made from shredded phillo dough and a melted sweet Turkish cheese. It was amazing! And something I had never experienced before.It was a very pleasant dining experience. Something I almost was not expecting from this restaurant in a strip shopping center in Jacksonville, Florida. My one and only complaint was... There is a glassed in dining area for private functions. The evening we were there, there was a multimedia presentation being given to a group of dentists. The slide show contained some very graphic close ups of dental implant procedures.... Something I definately did NOTwant to see, especially during my meal. It you are looking forward to something different... Give Anatolia's Grill a try!
<review# 748,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2012,9/27/2012,783,779,6,19,8>A massage for TWO HOURS for just $60. Try to beat that! I usually watch the coupons and deal sites to get a good deal on a massage. Most introductory rates are about $40 for a first-time customer for an hour only. On your second visit, it may cost you $70 or more. At Alpha, you can spend $30 on an hr long massage and still have $10 leftover. I have been needing a massage for a few painful months now, but I can't afford the $70 for an hour only massage. Also, I've started to realize that an hour just isn't enough time to de-knot weeks or months of painful muscles since I rarely get a massage. 2 hours did just the trick.For my 2 hr massage, the setup was in a private room just like at a regular massage place. When I came here on a previous visit for the 1 hr massage, the setup was more like a massage school with tables partitioned by curtains. Yes, it is a school. But sometimes the students are just as good or even better than professional massage therapists. My massage therapist Suzette did a great job and even gave me some tips on how to deal with my neck and back pain.The distance is a bit much, but it was about time I did something to combat the ergonomically un-friendly computer setup at work. It was well worth the drive. You can get deep tissue massage, barefoot massage, couples massage, and hot stone massage, as well as other massages. Check out their website for more details.  Tip: Make sure to get there 15 min early if you are a new customer. Alpha School, my muscles say thank you.
<review# 749,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2012,9/26/2012,100,223,4,4,5>Tacolu, a great and inexpensive way to get rid of that hunger! $2.95 for a taco?? That screams COME AND EAT ME ! Tacolu has the best tacos in town. I love how they have several different varieties for tacos. I highly recommend their Bangin' Shrimp taco, and their Bangin' Tempeh taco.. Yes, that is right! They serve tempeh here.. Not many restaurants serve tempe! Thirsty? Enjoy their $4.00 sangaria, or $5.00 margaritas.. They wont disappoint you! The chips and salsa, they're great too! I love how the salsa actually looks like a real salsa, and not runny like at some Mexican restaurants around town.. Overall, I highly recommend Tacolu! They are very good, and wont put a hole in your wallet.
