<review# 1,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2009,1/28/2010,14,38,2,7,7>This is the best place to go for your pet and farming needs. Now I am no farmer! But I can appreciate the variety and selection for those who are whenever I go in there. The staff is plentiful and extremely knowledgable and eager to help you. I always find what I need and much more. They are the hub of Sonoma County for anything animal or farm related too, as they have numerous local publishings for agricultural fairs and organizations, breeders and numerous other services and products for any animal or farming need. Overall, they are simply the standard and worth the drive across town for me.
<review# 2,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2009,1/27/2010,253,125,7,7,7>I came here because of other review's on Yelp and the recomendation of a friend. I was verry impressed Baileys's work, she is skilled and pays attention to what your needs are. The location of the sudio is in a verry cozy part of larkspur and is on the same street as Left Bank. I was in dire need of something new done with my hair that wouldn't cost me an arm and leg, which this salon did not. The woman who were there seemed nice and friendly and happy to be there. Baliey was the youngest stylest there, so I am glad I got her! Over all I will be comming back agian. Thanks for the new look.
<review# 3,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2009,1/26/2010,341,280,7,13,7>I have been a fan for a loooong time. My first experience was when I was very young and had braces. I remember they had a location inside Coddingtown Mall in Santa Rosa. I used to drool over the Carmel apples OMG all the time. The day I got my braces taken off my mom brought me here and I got my first huge Carmel apple with mini M&Ms stuck to it ;) It was heaven! When I was a kid I had the biggest sweet tooth ever. It has gone away now, but about once every few months I get weird crazy cravings for sweet stuff. Usually I ignore them, or eat a chocolate flavored Power Bar or something, but recently I was walking through the Napa Town Center and decided I couldn't fight it and went in. I felt flashbacks to being young and going nuts for this stuff!!! With everything in there, what the F do you choose?? Its insanity!! I ended up with a hunk of some minty chocolate fudge bark stuff... who knows, but the two bites I enjoyed off of it were amazing. Ok, so here is was really is impressive about this place: This morning at work we get a request for 6 chocolate covered strawberries. Easy enough right? We call Woodhouse Chocolates. "Nope we don't carry anything fresh like that." We call Sunshine Foods (they have lots of beautiful desserts). Nope. We call the Model Bakery, Dean & Deluca, Bouchon Bakery, Oakville Grocery.... NONE. Alright, so I guess we have to drive ALL THE WAY down the Valley to Napa to get some. We call Anette's chocolates. Nothing. Are you serious? I know I have seen them with my own eyes in most of these places.... what is the issue?? Then I'm like DUHHHHH I KNOW that Rocky Mountain has them. I have SEEEEEN them in there for years!! We call and NO, however the woman at Rocky Mountain is the only person willing to offer a reason behind this... its because strawberries aren't in season!! But you know what she is willing to do for us? She is going to drive around to the different grocery stores and find who has the biggest strawberries so she can make them for us. Are you kidding? That's amazing. She is willing to do that for only 6 freakin strawberries. Totally awesome service. I was very very impressed.
<review# 4,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2009,1/25/2010,252,234,2,4,5>I love Underwood!!! They make great Manhattans. The oysters are delicous and always fresh. They have my favorite ones too; kumomotoes, beau soliel and malpeques. (not sure about those spellings...)The french onion soup is always good, I get it everytime. The proscuttio and melon, delicious. The atmosphere is always great. I have never had a bad experience coming here. They have great special: grilled morocan style salmon, chilled tomato soup.. The ribbs are the best; lots of meat cooked just right with a creamy slaw. Come and order one entree and several small plates and share, it's the best way to do it! You cannot go wrong with anything here!
<review# 5,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2009,1/24/2010,17,103,3,6,5>A friend recommended Dierrks and I was not dissapointed.This is a small restaurant tucked into an even smaller parking area.  So I suppose this could be a problem for some people, not for me.I guess the parking Gods were with me and I parked right in front.I had a great lunch, had the Varina's Parkside, such an unusual sandwich, with eggs, pesto, etc...very good.  As a matter of fact I loved it and would most likely order it again if I went back.  My buddy had the Blue Cheese Burger, which she marveled in.  Service was good, no complaints. The tables are tight, but that has never bothered me, especially when the food is good...If you want to try something different check it out...I think you will leave smiling, I did...
<review# 6,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2009,1/23/2010,83,446,1,7,4>I was the luncheon speaker last week for a Marin charitable organization. Having lived in Marin for over 3 decades, I had always wondered what the restaurant would be like inside. It definitely exceeded my expectations. The building is on a jetty, surrounded on 3 sides by water. It was mesmerising, in the drifty way of a water view. After I gave the talk, I joined the group for lunch. Each of us was served a caesar salad with delicious dressing and croutons, shrimp, and scallops. It was delightful. The lettuce was perfectly fresh and crisp, and the whole effect was just right. We had decadent cookies for dessert, with delicious de-caf coffee. I feel that the price point is merited by the view, and will bring out of town guests there. Now it is May 2010 and I finally went to the restaurant for dinner. We had a table by the floor-to-ceiling window overlooking the SF skyline at twilight. We could see the Bay Bridge, GG Bridge, Angel Island, Strawberry spit, Alcatraz, large ships going out the gate and many sail boats, and then a colorful rowing team glided by. I had the crab Louis with the caesar dressing. It was perfect, and I am very picky about this dish. To be able to sit there and experience twilight enveloping the bay was spectacular. The sky and water colors deepened and shimmered and it was worth every penny even if we had only had dessert. I highly recommend this place. I might add that the building is fabulous mid-century modern.
<review# 7,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2009,1/22/2010,45,106,3,11,5>mmm, I like this place a lot..which means I will be a repeat customer and bring friends here.I had heard about this place about 6 months ago from a friend of mine, just now getting around to going and glad I finally did.Went for lunch today with a friend.Ordered:~Dungeness crab stuffed piquillo peppers lightly fried and served with a tomato basil concassé concassé concassé concassée.~Mussels L'espigoule with fennel pollen, cilantro, ginger, lime juice, white wine, cream and shallots.~Roasted butternut squash with Balzebu 30 Year Balsamic ~Kennebec fries with aïoli aïoli aïoli aïoli  All of it was delicious..Already looking forward to future visits.The view is great and ambiance as well..
<review# 8,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2009,1/21/2010,61,320,2,4,5>This was a fun place to celebrate my 30th birthday with some close friends.  The atmosphere is fantastic, low lighting, couches in the corner and an outside deck adjacent to the wharf.  Their wine and beer list is extensive and they have a few snacks, but we did not partake.  They were not able to accomodate our requests for caffeinated beverages (no coke, no coffee) or a carafe of still water (they looked at us blankly).  Their menus are on these ridiculous little clipboards and maybe I'm just old but the font is really hard to see!  Parking is difficult to find and that which is directly adjacent is reserved for the apartment building - your best bet is to park on the street, it seems.Other than those minor setbacks, Wellingtons is a winner that I'll definitely visit again.
<review# 9,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2009,1/20/2010,209,211,17,11,9>I had to take my grandmother's car to the car wash to get "the works".  Whatever that meant.  It's not like her car was dirty.  But, far be it for me to question the matriarch of our family.  That's the 8th deadly sin, in case you all didn't know.My grandma has an '89 Toyota Celica, which we were all enamored with with she first bought it.  Cruise control, sunroof, lights that flipped up when you turned them on, and a "scan" feature on the radio.  Yeah, we all thought it was the shit.Cars have come a long, long way since then.  But, her trusty Celica is still running, albeit not very often.  It sits in the garage most of the time.So, I took the Celica to the car wash. I drive past the Ford dealership and I see the car wash on the right and break.. Ugghhh.. uggh... shit.  I missed the turn.  The '89 Celica can't break worth shit.  It's one of those older cars that needs at least 1/2 a block to slow down from 40 to 20.  So I drive....  Shit.  I missed the next "U" turn opportunity.  And, I keep driving.  Finally, I see the "U" turn on the left, slow down just in time to make the turn and turn into the car wash.  I pay the woman her $22.99 for "The Works", which I now know was not just some cute term my grandmother was using, which at first I thought I would have to decipher once I got to the car wash.  And, I navigate the wheels into the little machine a ma jiggy thing and sit there with the windows rolled up while they start spraying the Celica with water and soap.  UGGHHHH... .WTF???  For some reason it's raining inside the car and I'm frantically trying to move my purse since there  is water and soap getting all over the place.  Luckily, I explained the problem to the nice guys who were cleaning the car and asked them if they could hand wash it without having to run the car through the machine a ma jiggy thing and they happily obliged.And then I waited in their little makeshift waiting area, which was kind of like an aluminum mini barn, with a vending machine and heaters that didn't work.I was cold.  But, at least the upholstery was dry, which means that I did something right.
<review# 10,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2009,1/19/2010,39,92,5,5,3>The prices are slightly higher than other Taquerias, but the employees are really courteous and the food is quality. If you're looking for a straight up burrito I'd check Taqueria Mi Pueblo, they have that market cornered, but the cevice, nachos and pretty much everything else on the menu at Real is great, plus they have a large selection of bottled beers and other drinks. I come by here probably once every other week for the tacos.Plus, check out the picture for this place, HARDCORE AND HILARIOUS.
<review# 11,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2010,4/30/2010,123,1032,3,5,5>This place is SOOO Marin. Ok, that was a little condescending, and I apologize to my neighbors. But, that being said, this is a hippy's (or aging hippy's) wet dream of a cafe.The food itself isn't so bad. Vegetarian/vegan restaurants kind of run the risk of being awful, but Cafe Gratitude avoids that pitfall with a plethora of menu items. Even their non-dairy "cheese" is really good in the quesadilla. You have a lot to choose from, and it is all healthy to boot. I like that they have organic wine and beer, and their desserts are also very tasty. Try the I AM SUPER HOT for a fun kick.
<review# 12,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2009,4/29/2010,178,402,1,12,6>I really liked my experience at Dominican. I graduated with a Humanities degree from Pathways and highly recommend the program as an efficient, doable way to complete your degree while working full time.  I found almost every one of my classes interesting and educational, the campus beautiful, the administration/bureaucratic aspect hot & cold, the professors willing to work hard with the students, and the cheap buffet lunch a great bonus when I had the time to swing by.
<review# 13,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2010,4/28/2010,35,76,6,8,6>Five stars.An inventive use of a small, multi-leveled space studded with really cool art and an open kitchen. One star.A staff that works seamlessly at being quick, unobtrusive, helpful and knowledgeable.  One star.A menu that doesn't use local foods to death, mixes in delicious and unusual items, executes flawlessly, and always pleases. One star.An almond cake that, even after two years, still has me wanting to bribe the chef for the recipe. One star. For making every Valentine's Day I've had with Capt. Arbuckle special. One star. And because I read a lot of Dr. Seuss as a kid and I like rhyming names. Cafe La Haye gets one extra star.
<review# 14,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/17/2009,4/27/2010,133,206,2,3,2>Checkers is one of the cornerstone lunch spots on 4th St. It's not exactly my all-time favorite, but still pretty darn good.The sandwich section may be the best part of the menu. They are served on a fantastic focaccia bread with Parmesan cheese, herbs, and (sometimes) red onion baked into the crust. While the bread might be the star of the sandwich, the supporting characters on the inside are also spot on. My favorite might be the turkey with cranberries but the blackened chicken Caesar is also a great choice.If it's the delicious sandwich bread you're after, be sure to get there around 12 or 1pm when it's at its freshest -- I've found it goes from amazing to just so-so pretty fast. However, if the weather is nice, don't expect an easy time getting a seat on the busy patio at this time of day.Checkers also serves a pretty good pasta carbonara -- something you don't see everywhere. It's rich and tasty, albeit very heavy on the calories!The one dish I've had that was really sub-par is the Thai noodle salad, which was little more than noodles, boiled chicken, a few carrot shreds, celery, and what seemed like store-bought peanut sauce dressing.Also, the service hasn't been consistent here. On more than one occasion I was forgotten about while sitting out on the patio. The only way to remedy this is to go inside and remind the server of your existence and they will put aside big napkin-folding or salt shaker-filling project to help you. Like the bread, the servers are at their peak performance during the lunch rush between 12 and 1 -- after that, they seem to leave the "zone."All said, this is a good place and I recommend trying it. And, if you're not getting wine go for the delicious pomegranate lemonade!
<review# 15,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/12/2009,4/26/2010,148,101,18,17,17>Oysters make pearls, but clams make damn good stew.You don't see a lot of Portuguese restaurants, which could be interpreted in one of two ways. If you have no taste for the cuisine then perhaps the Portuguese, like the Scottish, are doing the world a favor by keeping it to themselves. But, if you've ever tasted amêijoas à Bulho Pato, you'll curse Portugal for hoarding one of its finest treasures. The country must have learned a harsh lesson when they exported their hottest women to Brazil, so as a backlash, they now refuse to part with their best wine, food, and chefs.Somehow, Chef Manuel Azevedo managed to slip out of the country and make his way to Sonoma (or perhaps Portugal gave him the boot, we'll never know), and in a quaint restaurant located down a side alley off of downtown Sonoma's plaza, he introduces patrons to "Cozinha Nova Portuguesa" (or new Portuguese cooking).Azevedo draws heavily from traditional Portuguese cuisine - the menu features plenty of fish dishes, chouriços and stews - but old meets new with options like foie gras, herb fettuccine and an heirloom tomato salad. Our crew of eight wasn't feeling entirely adventuresome, hence the tripe and caldo verde didn't make it to our table, but I did manage to smuggle in an order of MORCELA (blood sausage) and BOVINO LINGUA (cow's tongue) when no one was looking, and these two dishes were among the best we had that night.Other "tascas" (small tasting plates) varied and either enticed or rebuffed. Those in the latter category included the polvinhos (baby octopus marinated in balsamic vinegar) which were tough and chewy, and the pigs' feet terrine that had a fatty, chunky consistency - not for the faint of heart. The LINGUICA and COURICO, however, delighted everyone and were gone in mere moments.The rest of the evening was more even-keeled.First Prize: Amêijoas à Bulho Pato (clam stew)The variation on this traditional dish was served with ample helpings of linguiça and chouriço (without casings). The flavors of garlic, olive oil and coriander rollicked with the spiciness of the pork sausage. This was compounded by the savory clam broth making this dish a heady aphrodisiac. Runner-up: FEIJODA COMPLETAWith its assortment of stewed beef, pork and sausage was a carnivore's delight.  The "stack" of somewhat-sticky rice and side of black beans were a nice compliment, and the presentation won enviable side-looks.Third Prize: CHOURICO CRUSTED SCALLOPSThe scallops were cooked perfectly, but the smokiness of the chouriço overpowered the dish, and while delicious, the sweet potato puree and leek confit weren't enough to offset the pork flavor. (Still, as a bacon lover, it was hard not to enjoy a dish that had the consistency of scallops with a crisp roof of sausage crumblies).Three of our party elected to have the Blue Nose Sea Bass (my muffled cries of objection from the other end of the table went unheeded). I felt somewhat vindicated when the dish was a resounding "meh".  Sea bass need seriously be ignored for half a century and allowed to repopulate.  Maybe then it will reclaim some of its former majesty both as a fish and as a dish.Bacalhau should be the dish to rock all others at a Portuguese restaurant, but instead of the Bacalhau No Forno - the traditional preparation offered as a main course - three of our party opted for the bolinhos de bacalhau appetizer, which were cod cakes served with cilantro aioli and an olive coulis. The cakes were rich in flavor, but they stopped short of being interesting for their lack of other seasoning. The consistency was more "paste" than cake, which didn't help its reception.Other items, similarly fine, but underwhelming, included the Sonoma Valley Artisan foie gras (with smoked magret and Madeira glaze) and a pork tenderloin "recheado" (i.e., "stuffed") with olives, figs, and almonds.  Our entire group was too plied with wine from the day's tastings to keep our eyelids open long enough to consider the dessert menu. I raised my fist in silent defiance, but the wine faeries were cooing softly into our ears, and all I could do was vow that a Yelp update would be in the not too distant future.Meanwhile, LaSalette is proof that Portuguese cuisine is alive and well, you just need to know where to look.
<review# 16,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2009,4/25/2010,438,66,5,8,10>Looking for adventure? Here it is...This park is vast and beautiful!  Theres camping hiking and even some people on horses!  Not to mention the main attraction of the park, the giant redwoods...If you're in the area, you should pay Armstrong Redwoods a visit!
<review# 17,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2009,4/24/2010,5,24,,,>Another 5 star for Rack n Road. I stopped in today to look at hitch racks and the sales guy was awesome at explaining the differences between the racks as well as the brands. He also threw in the 10% online discount without telling me (thanks!). It's just a shame that there's not more reasons to shop there. The two house dogs were an awesome touch to keep me occupied while the rack was assembled
<review# 18,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2009,4/23/2010,33,31,,,>I had the pleasure of meeting the owner Neil recently at a member appreciation dinner for Marin Organic at the Olema Inn and he is a very nice guy.  Laid back with a dash of East Coast wit and sarcasm.  Good guy.  Happy to support his efforts in keeping ice cream local and organic.  Three Twins uses Straus Organic ice cream which by itself is superb but the flavors that Neil and his three twins team come up with are whimsical and delicious.  Difficult combination but they have succeeded.  This little shop sits in the same unassuming strip mall as Scotty's Market and LoCoco's Pizzeria in my own neighborhood of Terra Linda.  It's a pretty well kept secret but for those who know - it's worth the 3 minute side trip off the 101 to pick up your week's groceries (Scotty's), tonight's dinner (Lococo's) and of course dessert (Three Twins).  The "Mocha Difference" is probably the best ice cream I have ever tasted.  It's perfect.  My husband and I tend to disagree so thankfully they have small pints and maybe even half-pints available for those who agree to disagree.  I don't tend to venture away from my "mocha difference" - why would I?
<review# 19,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2009,4/22/2010,10,42,,3,1>Extremely clean, super friendly, patient and honest, and really classic work. I stopped in without an appoitnment and Matt went straight to work drafting up my tattoo for the top of my foot ("You've left footprints on my heart" in script). Not only is the tattoo GORGEOUS (I get compliments daily), but the script is PERFECT, the placement was impeccable (it neatly fits across the top of my foot and is visible in almost every shoe I own), and their cleanliness was overwhelmingly appreciated. If and when I decide to get a thrid tattoo, I am definitely coming back. Thanks, Spide Murphy's!
<review# 20,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2010,4/21/2010,170,264,11,5,7>Not only does Heath create the same quality ceramics as they have since Edith's day, they are now carrying Blue Bottle Coffee. I believe this is the only location in Marin. Of course, you can order it online, but why would you when you can visit the store, browse the "seconds", books, linens & other local works of art?Some days I come here late just to try to get locked in overnight. (Slightly kidding.)
<review# 21,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2011,3/13/2011,253,125,,4,5>A couple of years back I was in and out of the contemplation stage of weather or not yoga was right for me. Back in 2005 I used to be a runner and would run 8 to 10 miles a day. I was crazy, I was also sick. I am a recovering bulimic and back then I had 'exercise bulimia' and stopped running when my spiral started. Since then I have tried to get back into exercising and nothing has worked because I think back on those days and figure "whats the point?" I have struggled in and out of doing Bikram Yoga because lets face it, the practice is hard, at first. Also, I believe I wasn't ready to begin this journey that I am on now. When I was in and out all I could think about was how many calories I was going to burn and getting rid of what I had eaten. Also, at the time the yoga studio was small and I had no breathing room.  Now were in 2011 and I am not the person who I was. I am only focusing on the practice and the movements. Why now? Because honestly I lack discipline and focus sometimes and you need to be focused and need to discipline yourself to attend. I am pleased that the owners expanded and introduced "Power Yoga" because if your new (like me currently) its a great way to begin your journey because the room is bigger and not as hot and so far the class sizes have been smaller and for me its easier to pay attention in that environment. The instructors are simply amazing as well (Arjay and Tamar). I have only attended two classes and because of their teaching style I look forward to coming back.  I plan hopefully to do Power Yoga for a couple of months and expand to bikram when I feel I am ready. If you relate to this story in anyway I encourage you to at least give this practice a shot. And if you do please attend this yoga studio, friends don't let friends go to "red dragon" yoga. I have been there once and I have never returned.
<review# 22,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2010,3/12/2011,340,166,14,11,16>It's more than a pool hall.  It's more than the 50+ beers on tap.  Well, maybe it's just that.  The patrons are like kids in a candy store!  I was relaying old stories with new friends and they just waited for the words to stop coming out of my mouth so that they could jump in with their stories.  The next day no one remembers each other's names, each other's stories.  It all dies in a great beer haze.  It's no beer garden by any stretch of the imagination, but go there yourself and order the Pliny.  It's the staff favorite, but they'll share if you order it by name."Oh, hey!  Oh, we met here before?"  I feel like Guy Pearce in Memento.  "It's not that I don't care.  I don't mean to come off as a prick.  I.. I don't remember things."  Sorry that I'm veering this off into the way wrong direction.  It's funny (in a sad way) when you forget what you're yelping about.  Oh, and the beer is phenomenal here.  One sip of Blind Pig and I'm floating on the breeze..  again happy, happy about life.  File this under: "My love of beer".  File this under: "Billco's , Napa, 3rd Street".  I saw a punk band here and the singer was howling about something that obviously pissed him off and it was taking me off the beer buzz a bit.  The next day, I saw him shopping with his wife at Wal-Mart, a 24-pack of toilet paper in his cart.  He wasn't so much pushing the shopping cart as it was dragging him along.  The song he screamed the night before suddenly made sense.  And what the hell was I doing in Wal-Mart buying frozen lasagna?   I'll get back to this review.  Promise promise.  I'll return here with a clear head and some more great anecdotes to share about the happiest pool hall in Napa County.  Cheers.
<review# 23,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2010,3/11/2011,53,182,2,6,4>I read Jeff Cox's review in the Sunday Press Democrat (8/22/2010) and he had my mouth watering when I read his description of the Crispy Yukon Gold Potato Tacos. He described them as three crispy tacos filled with salsa escabeche (pieces of fish battered and fried and soaked in a vinegar mix of tomatoes and onons). Is your mouth watering yet?Since they only have one small table inside, Jeff's review suggested that take-out would be the best way to enjoy these Oaxacan delicacies, made by chef and owner, Karen Waikiki. So, I placed a call, ordered the tacos and then drove 15 miles one-way to pick them up.When I got there, the place was hopping. Five employees plus Karen bustled around in the kitchen, which is in full view behind a large plate glass surround. The inside was industrial-looking, spic and span, and the aroma of onions and garlic filled the air. Ahhhhh!My order was ready and before I got into my car for the 15 mile ride home, I took a snap shot and thought, "Yup, this place is going to make it."I got home and opened the foil covered plates, and my wife and I began to eat. One bite, two bites, oh these are good, three bites, but where's the fish?  There was absolutely no fish in the tacos, I guess that's why they call them Crunchy Yukon Gold Potato Tacos. I called and was informed that they in fact have no fish in these particular tacos, but they do have fish tacos.Fortunately, they were delicious. I'll have to go back soon to try the fish tacos and I'll have to stop reading Jeff's reviews!
<review# 24,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2010,3/10/2011,32,203,14,18,17>This is the toughest review I've ever had to write.Worth Our Weight has the BEST breakfast in Sonoma County.  Period.The chef's creations are perfect, unusual, light-handed (very little oil), the ingredients are all local and organic, the coffee and drinks, the pastries...OMG, it's all perfect.It's an apprentice program for kids and they take a field trip to the Slow Food conclave in Italy every year for training and educationYou won't find another place to have weekend breakfast that even comes close.  And, you're doing a major solid for the non-profit.  If I have to wait in line on Sunday mornings, I'm taking this review down!
<review# 25,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2011,3/8/2011,39,179,3,2,2>Big fan of the In-N-Out. Love the burgers, the shakes, the sauce, grilled onions, chili peppers, all of it.Almost all of it.I can't get into the fries unless they're animal style. Not sure if it's the Kennebunk potatoes they use, or the fact they aren't double-fried, or that they use vegetable oil...  but something ain't right. Smack them up and down with sauce and cheese and all is fine. Without? The horror.Everything else at this location is your standard In-N-Out fare, with one exception. For some reason, they go light on the sauce. And the sauce? I like it. I want it. I NEED it. Not on every burger everywhere, but if I'm there... I gots to have me some. So don't go skimping my sauce.
<review# 26,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2010,3/7/2011,90,172,1,1,1>Setting a stamp collectors loose in the Pacific Stamp Exchange would be like setting a kid loose in a candy store.  Even non- stamp collectors would be amazed... Don't let the boxes fool you- Owner Bob knows his way around everywhere and is extremely helpful.  If you're lucky, he'll give you a nice history lesson on the discovery of one of the most expensive stamps in the world, the "Inverted Jennie".
<review# 27,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/28/2010,3/4/2011,252,234,4,3,4>Flaky Cream is a pretty good spot for donuts. They have alright breakfast for the price too. The servers are eager to have customers so undoubtably always friendly. The space is limited; tables are all two tops so dounuts to go is best. The price is right here. For 10 mixed donuts and 4 maple bars it was $11. Kids were happy since they usually only get two... (Oops) and so was I.
<review# 28,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/25/2010,3/3/2011,352,403,2,3,2>BOCA Pizzaria is a new spot in the Paradise Foods shopping center where Red Boys used to be.  It's pretty nice inside and I like how they have a lot of windows letting in a lot of natural light.Their thin crust pizzas are a little small.  Suitable for one big eater, or two people having a light lunch.   But I really like their Prosciutto di Parma.  Prosciutto with Arugula, yum.On Thursday they have an all day 2 dollar pint deal from 3 excellent local breweries:  Pyramind's Hefeweizen, Lagunitas Pilsner, and Anchor Steam's Liberty Ale.  Solid drink deals.  I'll be back.
<review# 29,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/25/2010,3/2/2011,83,446,3,4,3>Experimentally, three of us had our traditional Jewish Christmas lunch here today. The staff were very friendly and welcoming. For a starter we had each of their two types of dumplings: pork and shrimp. They were both good. I especially liked the pork ones. They were clean with an artisinal vibe. The dough was thicker than my favorite dumpling place in SF, but excellent for Marin. Their won ton soup was my favorite dish of the day. They had a great chew, were big, and just right. Again, a little doughier than I would prefer, but still my faves in Marin. The soup includes gigantic yum yum shrimp. The brown rice was excellent and perfectly cooked. We shared two main dishes: the basil beef and the crispy honey prawns. I have finely tuned radar for cooking oil that is past its prime. This was the case with both dishes, but moreso with the beef. Neither dish impressed me overall, though the beef was wonderfully tender. I give them 4 stars for the atmosphere. From the outside it seems bland, but each window overlooks greenery and the lighting in there is excellent. I will return, probably for the won ton soup and from there experiment.
<review# 30,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2010,2/28/2011,184,265,5,6,6>Lots of selections (even for my vegan roommate), lots of American diner favorites (rootbeer floats and double bacon cheeseburgers), transfat free, and gelato!Oh, and be sure to tip Blake well! He's the best!
<review# 31,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/11/2009,5/26/2009,265,769,2,2,2>Lately, I have been finding myself hitting this store up more and more.  The produce is always fresh, (although a little more expensive than the safeway behind it)  they always have a great selection of bread (a must) and a well stocked meat department.Prices are moderate on staple items, which is a plus.Also, they have redbox movies - so that makes me a huge fan!
<review# 32,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2009,5/25/2009,307,201,6,9,6>New cafe that opened right around the corner from us.  Cute brick building, pop interior.  Have some outdoor tables with parasols too.It took a bit of figuring out the first time we dined here.FIrst of all, it's Cash only.  Be prepared!Secondly, waiters don't come take your order.  You need to go in and get in line.  Thirdly, there is one menu on the door, another by the counter... partial menu (drinks and such on the wall above the cashier... If you haven't decided on your order by the time it's your turn at the cashier, you'd be sort of slowing down the line (as I did lol.)Fourthly, there was no explanation on whether I pick up my order myself at the counter or I can go sit down and they'd bring the order.   They didn't give me any number/tag to bring to the table.  I figured I'd pick up the drinks myself... then noticed our food order come up so I grabbed them too.  Later on I saw a cafe staff bring out someone's food order so I am guessing I didn't have to stand around waiting to pick them up at the counter : PNow, off to the taste review:Husband ordered hot panini with the standard ingredients... proschiutto, mozzarella, tomatoes, basil... This was super yummy! Bread was crunchy yet not hard/chewy.I ordered cold panini with grilled vegetables.  This was basically tasty grilled vegetables in a baguette.  Was delicious too, however the baguette can me a bit difficult to eat when you have small mouths, braces, etc... I have a secret plan of seeing if they'd put the grilled vegetables on foccacia and hot press it like the hot paninis next time.Sandwiches all come with home made pickles.  I am pickle obsessed.  I love vinegar and anything vinegary so I loved this.  I ate mine up and stole my husband's portion too.I had Iced Tea.  Solid, you add your own sugar etc like at Starbucks so I turned it into an Iced Milk Tea.Husband had Iced Coffee.  Again add what you want, milk, half & half, whatever ; ) Oh, they use Blue Bottle Coffee!Total came to about 20 bucks.  Bring 30 bucks cash for two just in case.I will definitely come back to try more items on the menu... it just really, really blows that it's cash only in our neighborhood though because they only have grocery store cashback option or some ATM machine in grocery stores (meaning, ATM fee!) and absolutely no banks unless you walk over to downtown Sausalito.  Even then if you are not with Wells Fargo or Bank of America, they will charge you a ridiculous ATM fee.I really wonder if these Sausalito businesses have noticed that people like me would definitely frequent their business a lot more if they took debit cards... too bad.Also one note on where to sit... On a sunny day, outdoors is nice, however when we were there, it was sunny AND windy.  Wind blew off the parasol, and it was dangerous to keep them open so they had to close it, meaning we had to finish dining under harsh glare of the afternoon sun.  So note the weather condition when you go there... sunny  & no wind, sit outdoors, windy? avoid outdoors.  All other weather?  Definitely indoors... it's actually pretty hip looking in there... cute benches with orange cushions : )
<review# 33,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2009,5/24/2009,1398,327,6,6,8>What is there to say that has been left unsaid ? It's simply the best hamburger chain in the country !If you are in unfamiliar territory crying out for a decent burger and your favourite neighborhood burger joint is 2 time-zones away, you can rest assured that the burgers-n-fries here will not disappoint you.The french fries are cut fresh, and obviously fried fresh --- love it !!!I usually go for the double patty burger without the cheese --- personally, I think cheese obstructs the inherent flavour of any dish save for a Pizza and Calzone; I don't like cheese on my pasta :-P (Ok, I am a weirdo in the guise of a discerning gourmet !!!)It may not be as good as your hand made burgers grilled fresh at home but it comes a very close second. Unlike a Macdonald's, the tomatoes and onions taste fresh and the lettuce is super crunchy (the hallmark of fresh romaine lettuce, or any lettuce for that matter).Epilogue: Ergo, to paraphrase the prologue, what have I said that no one already knew ? Nothing !HANDY TIP: A lot of people seems to find the burger messy to handle.Here's how I avoid the messiness. Do not remove the burger from it's wrapper. Just bite on the exposed half and when that's done, unwrap a bit of ONE corner and bite on that, then go unwrap a bit of the opposite corner and bite there. Now bite the resultant protruding center, and then move on to the corner again and repeat.Always works! I have seen how so many get their hands messy; I rarely end up with more than a drop/smudge on a single finger :-)
<review# 34,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2008,5/23/2009,35,76,7,10,9>When I first saw this restaurant going in, I thought: Geez, another Italian place! The last thing Sonoma needs is another Italian place. Oh, how wrong I was. My boyfriend and I decided to pop in at that last minute on a Saturday and were seated quickly despite a full house. The menu had a lot of old fashioned Italian favorites as well as some delicious twists. I had the Gnocchetti Piemontese, which was fantastic. There is a limited wine menu, but what they have is good, and it's not just the played out local wines. The whole operation is run by a husband (who's from Sicily) and wife duo -- both nice people that seemed to seriously care about our experience. I'll be going back!UPDATE: I've gone back -- again and again and again. This is officially my new favorite place in town. The special risottos are fantastic. The deserts? Oh my god! And the service never disappoints. Go forth and eat at Mama Tanino's!
<review# 35,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2009,5/22/2009,209,211,9,9,8>I am not an elitist, really.  And, if you're lucky enough to go to my dance classes, you might even hear me say "SQUAT BITCHES" every now and then.  I like things a little dirty and rough around the edges sometimes.  So, I'm not an elitist, really.But, DAMMMMNNNNNN... I really love me some good Ikura.  You know, those little salmon eggs that look like large pieces of caviar with little dark spots in them that look like fish eyes?  I know, it's like they know you're going to eat them and they're kinda slimy and all.  But DAMMMMMMNNNNNN... I love the way each little fish egg pops in my mouth and the juicWey goodness explodes all over the taste buds on my tongue.  It's SOOOOOOO good.  I think I could live off of Ikura alone for a whole entire week.   You know how you crave ice cream or even a bootie call at, like, 11:30pm?  Nope, not me.  Ice cream makes my azz bigger and well, my last bootie call was just, well.. dissapointing.   Ikura... just give me heaps and heaps of little slimy fish eggs.  That's it.  That's all I want.  I'm a simple girl.The Ikura and Tako rolls, Tempura Udon (with a little bit of wakame added to it), wakame salad and unfiltered Nigori sake makes the perfect dinner for me.  And, I like to eat.   The sushi always tastes fresh and the udon isn't overcooked.  And, the tempura is served hot!  Not slimy, not soggy.  Not cold.  Hot and crispy.  Perfect.  I've been to several sushi restaurants throughout Marin and this is by far the best pick of the lot.  The prices are reasonable, and the service is great.  On my list of top 5 eateries in Marin.  To view the rest of my top 5 please visit my "lists".
<review# 36,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2008,5/21/2009,170,264,2,9,8>Leapin' lemurs! Safari West has them & many other fun-to-see critters. Now, not all of the animals are from Africa, but it was a great day trip just as well & hey, we definitely were not in Africa any way.I agree with all the take lots of water & sunscreen comments. Also, the address may be listed as Santa Rosa, but it is off Mark West Road & it is a trek from the city, so be prepared for an adventure all the way around.
<review# 37,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2009,5/20/2009,248,493,11,12,14>Growing Pains. Some of us never stop having them. Take for instance, me. Sure, I had the vertical ones growing up - but no one ever said anything about the horizontal ones as you grow old. Assholes. Rocket seemed to have a Rocky start, but have found their groove and to my sheer delight/chagrin. How am I supposed to live so near this place and not go all the damn time? With the added enticement that they change their menu monthly to reflect a chosen theme, now I have to AT LEAST have to go once a month. Those Sneaky Rocketeers. April is French, so baked brie topped with toasted hazelnuts and poured over asparagus started off the meal with warm rolls, delicate pesto and of course butter. Thanks to me, there was NOTHING of this left by the time they came around to collect. Dinner was roasted chicken with brown pan sauce drizzled with that light pesto. Magnifique! Tiny new potatoes and wild mushrooms alongside were earthy and tasty accompaniments. Wine list is small, but you will find what you need. And if you don't order a beer and shut up. Atmosphere changes with the menu and is welcoming and fun. Service could not be friendlier and the food just gets better. So, thanks a lot. What am I going to do about that horizontal girth now?!
<review# 38,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2008,5/19/2009,357,443,4,7,6>Slurrrrrp, gulllllp.mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmFresh oysters in or out of the shell. Come get your oyster fix here next time you are in the area. Heck, come here and get some oysters and bring them home if you want. The oyster farm also sells grass fed beef cuts and jerky which I also found muy delicious. Do try the grass fed jerky with all organic spices, omit the sugar. So tender, so flavorful, SO GOOD! There is only one person usually manning the store, so be prepared to wait if an influx of people happen to come at the same time. There is also not much in the way of seating outside the place. If you happen to plop down and eat some oysters in the shell, I sure hope you brought your own oyster knife. Please don't attempt to use a regular knife if you are a novice to the art of oyster opening. I'm sure your friends or family don't want to have to look for something to stop the bleeding. The store will not simply let you borrow a knife, but will charge you a hefty price to buy one from them. And for the really inquisitive of minds, feel free to ask for a tour and/or explanation of how they farm the oysters. Heck, and just ask any other questions you might be able to conjure up, because they know EVERYTHING about oysters.
<review# 39,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2008,5/17/2009,46,164,2,3,4>So after my second visit, I'm still on the fence on up-ing my rating for the place. The restaurant and Yountville itself is great... especially when you're looking to showcase that whole Napa experience. Trying out brunch this time around with a couple friends, the food and service was just as good as I remembered it. Our table wasn't crammed in like the last time which was immediately a highlight over my previous visit.First off, I was surprised that their menu didn't have many brunch like dishes. Almost everything on the menu were full on heavy dishes (with full on prices) which I guess is what it is. We started off with the charcuterie platter and the salmon tartare. Off the bat, skip the charcuterie. The tartare was awesome! I ended up with the pork shoulder dish and split their daily special truffle fries for the table. The food was all very rich and obviously good. The pork literally fell apart with a fork so I couldn't complain.In the end, it was all good and yes, it was pricey. I'm shooting for 4 stars this time because in the end, I do like the whole vibe of the restaurant. Everything is generally very good but while their main courses are almost always outstanding, the accompanying sides just aren't as mind blowing. Leave it to say, I was pomme frited out by the end of the meal. All that said, it's definitely a place to check out and because their menu changes almost constantly, I'll definitely be back again.
<review# 40,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2009,5/16/2009,163,290,4,4,5>Does the Happy Dance! :DI have looked long and hard for East Coast pizza, and here it is!The crust stayed crisp through the entire meal. Thin, light, delicious. I talked with the owner and thanked him for the authentic back East style pizza , since I am an East Coast transplant. He came here from the Bronx in '78. And this is not just a pizza parlor. It has a wide variety of pastas, meat and poultry dishes, plus vegetarian. We can't wait to try some of them! It is a lovely restaurant, with a thought out decor. The walls are painted a soft golden yellow, modern wavy track ceiling lighting, soft Italian music in the background. In the back of the restaurant are cozy tables by the bar, and the back wall is stone, giving it a Tuscan feel.The bar has a richly colored stone counter top, were one would feel comfortable eating there. They give generous  pours and their house wine is Napa Cellars, and for $4.50 a glass is a steal.It is family run, with Mama walking around, and a lovely daughter who is a wonderful wait person.Why not 5 stars? The tiramisu is not house made, which is okay if it's good, but this was still frozen in the middle, tasted like freezer and not great. Also to put a Hershey syrup like topping on it, instead of a dusting of cocoa, is just not right.:SLike the owner said after word........... try the house made cannoli. We will next time, since there will definately be a next time, and a time after that and a time after that.......
<review# 41,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2012,2/21/2013,7,10,3,4,2>My Wife...... Loves, Loves, Loves this Store (Did I say Love?) She bought her wedding purse there and I must admit that I though it was absolutely amazing... I loved it ( I wish I could post a pic of it )  Cudos for Bling and thanks again Bling for making our special day Shine!!!!!!!
<review# 42,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2013,2/20/2013,77,464,1,5,4>ever since my fave restaurant in mill valley up and left us for the city, I am like a norm without his cheers. so in trying to fill the void, I've been to this place sporadically in the past few years, and although I can never remember what I ate, I certainly don't remember thinking - I hate this place. so we were pleasantly surprised recently after a long hiatus. our server had the cajones to make recommendation, which I ABSOLUTELY appreciate. (pet peeve = when a server says, 'oh, it's all delicious!' liar. no one is that good.) the pasta pescatore was magnificent -- would order again for the scallops alone. the chicken marsala was tender, albeit a wee bit underseasoned. let us not forget the perfectly cooked throwaway broccoli garnish/side. when busy, it's super loud. be warned, ye who seek to have Totally Inappropriate Conversations aka lover's quarrels in public.
<review# 43,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2012,2/19/2013,11,8,,5,2>Amazing!Carlos' never disappoints! I love this place. It's conveniently located on W College near where I live. What you get is decent food, -HEALTHY- portions for a good price and mostly nice service.What keeps this place from getting five stars is the food and the service. Honestly, the food is good, but it's not OMFG!!! good. It doesn't wow me, but it is greasy and tasty. Which is more than I can say about some "5-star" breakfast places around here. No matter what I get here, I don't think I've ever been able to finish a plate completely.Service is generally good. Most of the wait staff is really nice and attentive, however there's a certain waitress that doesn't seem to care much about her job. The rest are just fine. Carlos himself is fantastic, he really cares about his business. He's always there when I eat and he makes sure everything is running fine. I've tried a lot of breakfast items and I've yet to be disappointed. Definitely worth giving a try if you're in the area.
<review# 44,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2012,2/18/2013,29,25,1,7,4>After seeing five star ratings all across the board for this place, I had to come here to get my windows tinted for my Honda. I got my rear half tinted 15% and it took about three hours. They have a nice lobby with wi-fi and a television. A Shade Darker is a very professional business. I found a 10$ off coupon here on Yelp, and they honored it, so my tint job totaled $170. Pretty good deal, and the car looks great. Keeps my car cool, and looks snazzy as well.Come to these guys for your tint. They know their stuff.
<review# 45,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/13/2013,2/17/2013,57,102,1,9,2>Pub Republic is filling a huge gap on the East side as far as eating and drinking.  If you live in the neighborhood, it's well worth a try.  I really want to like Pub Republic.  Badly.  Hopefully they'll work out the kinks, as they're pretty new.  Still, it's a solid 3.5 stars. I've had one great experience here, and 3 so-so ones., although the food's been close to 5 stars.  The trappist burger, shepherd's pie, cheese plate, and sirloin were great.  The wedge salad was pretty bleh according to the other half, andI have yet to order a cup of soup here that's actually warm.  Lukewarm soup makes me a sad panda.Service was great, and then strange, then great, and tonight was strange again.  Something about some of the servers seems off-putting.  A strange personal style, or just a lack of caring (or even pretending to.)  It can be a long wait to simply order a drink after being seated.They have a good selection of beer, not huge, but all quality.  It'll be interesting to see how often they rotate the draft choices.
<review# 46,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2012,2/16/2013,6,79,,2,1>I recently ordered three bouquets for a dinner party last week.  I was very happy when the flowers were delivered on time and even more beautiful than I could have imagined.  I will definitely purchase flowers from them again.  Very happy customer!
<review# 47,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2012,2/15/2013,7,8,,1,1>Ate here a couple of months ago. It was a Saturday night, walked in, was seated right away. I got the special which was Veal. The veal was AMAZING. Super lean and flavorful. My bf got the short ribs, also delicious. We came here because we bought the groupon online. Honestly, probably wouldn't have gone there with out that. Prices are not too bad, but I wouldn't be able to go there all the time since I am on a budget. The total bill was about $75 for the both of us, which included 2 drinks and an app.
<review# 48,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2011,2/14/2013,76,18,,4,1>I love this place!!!! Excellent coffee, service and a great happy place to hang out. I had a latte today but can't wait to try everything else on their menu.
<review# 49,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2013,2/13/2013,1,9,,2,1>Great barber shop!!! Took my teenage son here and Bobby did an excellent job cutting his hair the way he wanted it! Love the authentic look of the shop. Great prices too!!
<review# 50,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2013,2/12/2013,141,27,2,14,7>I first heard of Giles chiropractic from my family members, who were talking about how great they felt. I was having really bad low back pain and a constant headache that never went away. I couldn't walk, sit, nor could I get comfortable in any kind of position. I was in a lot of pain and I had a non-stop headache that never went away! I tried Advil, Excedrin, and anything I could get my hands on but nothing seemed to help. I got so bad that it was hard to drive. My mom suggested I should come in and get adjusted. I have learnt since my exam that keeping your spine aligned is important to proper health and key to living pain free! Since I have been seeing Dr, Kristen, I no longer have pain in my back and the headaches are gone too! I can't imagine life without chiropractic! Life has been great.... and painless.
<review# 51,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2014,5/27/2014,226,648,,5,2>Just had dinner here tonight and couldn't wait to rave about it. It's one of the best meals I've had - paired with the sweetest staff, this is one of my favorite restaurants and I can't wait to frequent this place. It's a small restaurant and I took a shot at going here based on yelp reviews. Started with the humboldt fog cheese platter, there I had it - a plate with pickled onions, caramelized pears, warm olives, prosciutto and soppresata to pair with my delicious cheese. I ordered the sliders - they were cooked to perfection (pink in the center) and the sole was out of this world. Fresh and paired with a lemon burre blanc. Finally my husband and I ordered Italian lemon cream cake and devoured it. It was one of the best desserts I've ever had. So good that I was so full and still went ahead to order another. Yum. Double YUM!
<review# 52,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2014,5/26/2014,305,413,2,7,3>Favorite winery in Sonoma. That dessert wine + a piece of Belgian salted chocolate = HEAVENSwing by for beautiful scenery, great samples, and then pick up a bottle of the syrah and have it with fish or red meat!
<review# 53,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2014,5/25/2014,86,265,2,6,3>Guys, Carol is who you want to talk to. I don't know if she is gonna give you the highlights or vanilla Ice tips... not my thing, but I'm sure she is fully capable if you asked her to.I go see her at least once a month (as ordered by the wife) and she always gets me cleaned up nice.She used to be at the California Cuts in Bennett Valley in SR. I assume that store wont last long without her there. Every time I would call to get an appointment the other ladies were pretty much Carol's reception staff, ha ha. Brilliance has gained a valuable asset and should make strides to make sure she stays!
<review# 54,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2014,5/24/2014,4,33,1,13,5>Absolutely wonderful restaurant. The ambiance is nice and inviting. The staff are attentive and knowledgeable. The food is amazing. I mean really, at some point I was too full to eat, but I'd be damned if I left any of that delicious food on the plate. The gnocchi is amazing! I'm not usually a fan of it, because most places make it too hard, dense, flavorless, and doughy tasting. This gnocchi is by far the best I've ever had. It's tender, delicious, with the perfect sauce and seasoning. I loved it. The pepperdelle (sp?) Was delicious. The pasta is made by the chef, and was also cooked perfectly. Overall, everything was great. Try the meatballs before they run out for the night. Also, they have gluten free pasta made from corn for those that need gluten free.
<review# 55,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2013,5/23/2014,3,4,1,5,3>Bay West ballroom has a very friendly atmosphere and is great for learning to dance all social and competitive styles of ballroom and Latin dance. Their parties are especially fun - their Halloween party is always packed. Mark and Andrea put on super entertaining and fun shows - with elaborate costuming and lighting - fun for everyone involved. They have drop in classes and make a very comfortable atmosphere for beginners to start to dance.
<review# 56,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2013,5/22/2014,52,36,1,9,5>This is a fantastic funky little place.  We found Smiley's when we started our road trip a day early.  We left the house not even knowing where we wanted to end up that night.  Anything within 3 hours north-ish of SF was fair game.  We found Smiley's by scouring Yelp on while in the car (safely...from the passenger's seat, of course).  Thanks Yelp!Anyway, we arrived to a pretty rowdy bar scene.  It is a locals place...through and through.  We walked into me bar looking for the hotel office.  Since we didn't see it, we walked right back out to see if the office was actually located in e back near the rooms.  As we walked out some of the locals commented about how many people walk in and then walk right back out.  Apparently we didn't look like the normal clientele.  All part of the charm...  (I mean, sort of...)Anyway, there was no office in the back, so we wine back in and asked the bartender.  It turns out that she is, in fact, the hotel office (in addition to the bartender, cook, personality manager, etc - more on her later).  Despite the gruffness of the place, she was super friendly. Our room was rather large and was populated with cool old furniture.  No TV.  No Internet.  Nothing fancy...  But, it was a great little room!  (Don't go here expecting 5-star accommodations.  Go here for the experience.)After we settled in, we went to the bar to get some food and drinks.  The place became PACKED in the short time we were away at our room.  The bartender was seriously amazing.  (I really wish I'd gotten her name...). She was everywhere at once.  People had special requests, people ordered food, someone even came in wanting to order the cheapest 8 six-packs they could get...to go!  Yet, every time she came to help us out, she still somehow made us feel like we were the only people in the room that she was concerned with.  As it turns out, it was open mic night that night.  We had no idea what to expect...but, there ended up being some fantastic musicians there that night. We had a blast!Bottom line:  This place is cool.  Go there planning to kick it at the bar.  Go there to meet some interesting people.  Don't go there looking for a charming B&B.
<review# 57,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2014,5/21/2014,169,348,23,35,12>1st and foremost-- You AREN'T SERIOUS about this trail if you:- wear running shorts or any kind of short shorts- you don't bring water- you don't wear shoes with tread- you bring a HUGE camera that bounces on your chest with every step, on this 10k+ step walk! leave it at home-- use your phone. unless you're a birder, the camera-phone is just as good. you don't look cool. you look dumb, especially on the way back.- you bring your dog, who isn't used to taking 8mile walks. Be kind to your pet! Let your cute little puppy at home. And for those who do bring your dogs, don't forget water for your pet!! He/she is just as thirty as you and needs to stay hydrated :)  this kills me...You are READY FOR THE ULTIMATE HIKE if you:- get there early! parking fills up. I come from Corte Madera in Marin, and it takes me about an hour to get there. I leave my house no later than 9:30am, to not only get a prime parking spot, but also because on the weekends, the hoards of people trampling down this trail is like trying to walk down the Golden Gate Bridge in peace (as in, good luck with that)- bring water! and snacks! Let's be clear: this is an 8-mile hike. Takes roughly 2 hours/4 miles to get to the falls, and if you scale the cliff (don't freak out-- we'll get to this later) and spend time at the secluded beach, add another 30-60 minutes, plus the 2 hours/4 miles to get back to the parking lot. DO bring water. DON'T be foolish. Stay hydrated. DO bring snacks. I always carry a little hiking backpack for the longer trails with fruits, veggies, a little thing of hummus, a bottle of water, and jelly beans. Don't judge.- wear appropriate clothing. **Longer pants-- there is poison oak along this trail, and if you want to go to Alamere Falls, at one point you will be directed to an un-maintained trail that is thick with brush, poison oak and other leaves/bristle you don't want scratching against your skin. **Layers! The trail starts a little chilly, especially if you're smart and get a good head start first thing in the morning. As you walk into the sun, then back into the shade, get hot, and then scale the cliff (don't freak out-- we'll get to this lol) you'll want to be prepared. I wear a sports bra, a tank top that I could strip down to and still feel appropriate, a long sleeved shirt, and a zip-up jacket/windbreaker. You'd be surprised how quickly the trail can go from hot to chilly, especially as the fog dissipates in some areas, and on the way back, can still be cold/wet. Ok-- the hike. -- use the restroom the State Park Rangers so graciously keep clean for us before you hit the trail. -- stay on the main trail until you get to the sign, almost 2 hours in, that signals to Alamere Falls through the un-maintained trail. There are a couple moments along the way that might confuse you as far as if you should turn, but don't. Trust your gut. Stay on the main trail the way it naturally goes. -- when you get to the falls, there is a place to the right (if you're facing the ocean) where you can climb down a rocky cliff to the beach. DO IT. I am TOTALLY afraid of heights, and scared of everything, but I've done it, twice. The second time, I did it like a pro (that's what she said). Just be careful. Wear shoes with tread, and wear pants that are OK to get a little dirty. You can do it. You'll be fine. I promise. The basic info:*about 8 miles round trip * moderately difficult/ 800ft elevation changeDirections, from bahiker.com:From US 101 in Marin County, exit CA 1/Mill Valley/Stinson Beach. Drive on Shoreline Highway to the junction with Almonte, about 1 mile. Turn left on CA 1 and drive about 2.5 miles to the junction with Panoramic. Continue straight on CA 1 about 13 miles to an unsigned junction with Olema-Bolinas Road (just past Bolinas Marsh). Turn left. Drive 0.1 mile to a T intersection with Olema-Bolinas Road, turn left, drive about 1 mile to the junction with Horseshoe Hill Road, and again, turn left. Drive to the next stop sign, then turn right onto Mesa Road. Drive about 4 miles, then continue the last 1 mile on the dirt road to the trailhead at the end of the road. If you have a high-clearance vehicle, take it. The road isn't terrible, but can be washed out and bumpy.My take:GO. Have fun. Drink water. Strrrrrretch.  Eat a hearty breakfast. Don't be annoying with music on the trail, underwear shorts, or huge cameras. Dress appropriately, stay to the right of the trail, and greet people as you pass them by with a smile, nod, or quick hello. Leave the trail and the beach in the condition in which you found it OR BETTER. Oh, and leave the kids at home. 8 miles. Thanks.
<review# 58,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2014,5/20/2014,55,19,9,13,12>Headline: "Marin burger loving local finds a hidden gem amongst the buzz of the downtown Sausalito tourist crowd."Local tip: Bike the bridge from the city or hop on a Marin bike trail and grab the Yountville Burger and a Napa Smith Amber Ale.The Summertime crowded sidewalks of downtown Sausalito are often overlooked by Marin locals, but Napa Valley Burger Company gives us a chance to revisit this gorgeous strip of our County.  Look across our bay at Angel Island and the skyline of the city, and end up comfortably sitting and enjoying the vista of one's own two hands around a really great burger!The place was filled when we walked in. A TV above the bar played the NBA playoffs for the patrons seated there with tall beers and bloody mary's in front of them.  The wait was 20 minutes. The host, who was the manager, offered us a drink at the bar while we waited.I realized at this point, while snooping on other people's plates, two things - they got a wide assortment of gourmet burgers and appetizers and more than one looked real good to my hungry eyes.  I also realized that I was not the only other local here. There were several dads sitting next to their sons still in  their little league uniforms.Headline correction: "Marin local finds other burger loving locals amongst Sausalito summer crowd" - Why hadn't they told me?? ...Look at their greedy burger loving eyes! They were trying to keep this gem to themselves. But looking around, the word was out - Niman Ranch Beef, a creative menu, friendly and efficient service (...I wish I could remember our waiter's name...he was a good server), the chef himself even walked around and talked to tables. He was friendly and gracious, wishing my buddy congratulations on his upcoming wedding. As restaurant industry workers ourselves we gave our compliments on the food and service.I only give 5 star reviews when the food is my favorite of its respective cuisine. This is now my favorite burger spot in Marin.  But I can't give a 5 star review without some measure of criticism. And it struck me that the burger company of "Napa Valley" boasts a nice wine menu but their walls were decorated by bottles of  $6 high volume Costco sold Mirassou.  Come on y'all, you got interesting California wines on your menu, put those up on the wall!The burgers are gourmet, the prices reflect that. The quality and deliciousness is worth it. Treat yourself! The next time I'm looking for a burger treat I'll come here. And next time... Bolinas Bison Burger, I'm talking to you, you will be mine! (evil laugh - Muahahaha!)
<review# 59,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2013,5/19/2014,69,186,1,7,5>I had a good time at Soulstice. Was referred to this spa by Reps, the workout place a few doors down, and was interested in the $39 first massage. I don't usually get massages and haven't had a "fancy" massage before, just cheap ones in hole-in-the-wall spots.. which are still good, but not as luxurious feeling! My back had been hurting for a few days so I went in and got a full body massage (cannot remember my masseuse's name right now though). It was amazing! I think I fell asleep and started dreaming in the middle of the 50 min massage and was sorely disappointed (but not sore in my back anymore, ha ha) to find out that it had ended already! I felt almost drunk as I stumbled up from the massage table because I was soooo relaxed and was disappointed to go back to the real world. I'd come back again and I think the locally made nail polishes and beauty products are worth checking out as well!
<review# 60,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2014,5/18/2014,314,37,5,10,7>I have to say Alexis Baking Company is one of my top favorites for an amazing breakfast. The only downside it's pretty pricey. It's not so bad by yourself but if you have quite a few people in your party... prepare to spend some serious dough. Between your main entrée and your beverage of choice, it can creep to $20 a person. The specials change every day and are always worth the try. I'm always drawn to the omelet, especially since it always has a fantastic cheese and mushroom in it. Some of the entrées that are consistently on the menu and rather tasty is the breakfast burger and the smoked salmon sandwich with eggs, cream cheese, red onions and capers on a potato bun (sooooo good). When you first come in there is a showcase of their pastries and bread... oh so good. Give it all a try honestly and don't count the calories! ABC also makes specialty cakes. I've only seen these cakes but I've heard nothing but great things. I think all the Napa locals can vouch on this, the MOCHA is fabulous! Talk about homemade whip cream... I can eat their whip cream for days. The cups are always pretty big so when you order a special coffee drink you'll definitely get your fill. This place is beyond crazy in the morning... especially during the weekends. The wait can increase rapidly. To even order can be somewhat of a wait as well. On top of that, getting a table can be a nightmare. It's been somewhat of a coin toss with the staff. Some can keep up and others tend to drown. Don't hesitate to ask for anything, you definitely have to make the effort. They have a basket of all the utensils, napkins and straws at the counter. At the table jams and condiments are available for you but the outside tables are not set for service, so again don't hesitate to ask for any of these items. I really don't want to base my rating on the way ABC operates but they need to figure out a better system in regards to busy mornings. I think both the staff and customers get irritated. Long story short, come during the week!
<review# 61,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2014,9/18/2014,9,78,5,4,3>Simply the best Sushi lunch I've ever had.  And that includes Japan.Why? Off the charts service and killer food and beverage.We walked in and were greeted with "I"m Danny.  I'm the manager.  I'm also an apprentice sake advisor and sushi advisor.  And I'll probably be your waiter. Love it!I said "I want to start with sashimi, your choice, then nigiri sushi, your choice, then a half order of udon COLD, with a quail egg in the dipping sauce, and tamago, no rice, for dessert.And I don't want any questions.And omg it was an AWESOME meal.  The highpoint was the sake pairing. Danny described each sake's flavor profile, how it was made, and where it hailed from in Japan.the food was great, the pairings were absolutely magical, so different from each other, so perfect with each course.Sooooo worth the drive from Ross to Rohnert Park!
<review# 62,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2014,9/17/2014,162,206,,8,2>I called Blue Ribbon for same-day service, I spoke with the representative and she hooked me up with top-notch service. She helped get a crew to come clean my house, after I recently moved out. The crew arrived on time & helped us right away. They cleaned up all the extra garbage and made my house look great. I couldn't have been happier with the services and the price. I think they charged somewhere around $80-$90 per hour. Later, I learned that the telephone representatives was the manager.  She called a few times throughout the day to make sure I was happy and even called the next day for a follow-up. I felt that I was given great customer service and would highly recommend this cleaning company to anyone who has just moved out and needs help cleaning.
<review# 63,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2014,9/16/2014,81,202,4,4,4>Yum!  I didn't go wrong with anything I tried here while spending the weekend in Healdsburg for a wedding.  Even a basic Chopped Salad had an array of flavors that I wouldn't have expected in a normal Chopped Salad - but that's just it...this isn't a normal place at all, obviously.  I also recommend the Pork Sandwich - one of the best I have ever had!A group of us sat outside on Saturday night - a good experience except there were way too many dogs outside and two of them weren't getting along with each other at all (barking back and forth).  That made for a little bit of an unpleasant experience - but of course the food and service made up for it.  I ventured back on Sunday night and sat at the bar.  They had Heretic Double IPA on tap - SCORE! - I will take a couple of pints of that.  I definitely will be stopping back here when I am in Healdsburg again...hopefully that will be soon!
<review# 64,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2014,9/15/2014,419,792,2,4,5>Hotel restaurants are often suspect but no need to be suspect here.  Ducks is an excellent restaurant attached to the Bodega Bay Lodge.  If you are staying here just walk over for a great meal.  No need to drive into town. Make a reservation though since its small and try to get one of the window seats overlooking the ocean.  Had the crab cakes for appetizer.  Came with a delicious sauce covering it.  For main course we had the duck and tri tip steak.  Meat was so tender that I ate the whole thing.  I'm a small guy and I usually cant.  Splurged for desert and had the strawberry pie.  Came on a graham cracker crust and with whip cream.  Was really good.  Did not get any wine but did bring our own which they poured.  Service was excellent!Bottom line, great meal served here.  I would come in even if I wasn't staying here.
<review# 65,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2014,9/14/2014,53,163,4,5,5>I am so glad that we chose to give this restaurant a try. I came here for to celebrate my mother's birthday, and enjoyed their dinner menu. I also chose to return for their $30 for 3 courses + wine early dinner deal, which was an amazing deal!Over two visits, I had the chance to try a good variety of dishes:Burrata: While the portion was rather small, the dish had excellent flavoring. It was presented well and it was great pairing up the various items offered.Caesar salad: Their caesar salad is delicious! Their dressing is incredible, and I was incredibly surprised by how good a caesar salad could be.House salad: I personally prefer the caesar salad, but the house salad has a nice complement to it with the artichoke and the vinaigrette.Vongole: There is a generous portion of clams, but the sauce was not particularly enticing to me.Carbonara: This was pretty good! I liked it more than I expected, as the flavor was on the lighter end.Salmon: I really enjoyed the salmon, especially as the price was more reasonable due to the $30 3-course deal. The salmon was cooked well. I would definitely recommend this, especially for the price of the deal.Overall, I've found a new Italian restaurant I love! I look forward to trying new dishes. I definitely recommend going between 5-6, to take part in their deal! (Really good if you like wine, which is normally already ~$8-9, and also order their salmon or other meat dishes which costs nearly $30 on its own.
<review# 66,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2014,9/13/2014,108,62,1,4,6>Great BBQ. Really fun and easy place to go when you want a laid back dinner and some fun, yummy eats. I lived in the southern part of the US for several years so I do know and appreciate good BBQ. And this place is the bomb! First BBQ I've had since moving to the Bay Area two years ago and it really holds up! I had the pulled pork sandwich with cole slaw and a side of green beans (with, duh, bacon). Since I'm not big on carbs, I just didn't eat the bun. Problem solved for those watching their carbs or gluten! You CAN enjoy delicious, fresh and tasty BBQ goodness without the bread. Yes you can. And you should. They make their own sauces. I'm a fan of their original but even more so the spicy one. It's got a good lil kick but nothing crazy. The perfect hot. We sat at the bar (per usual) and the bartender Mike was great. Helpful about what to order. Genuinely nice guy. All around a great time. We will be back! Oh, and by the way, when you do come here and treat yourself to all this southern deliciousness there's a free dessert when you check in on a Yelp. We recommend trying the hot, mouth watering good caramel bread pudding. I had to have a bite (or two, or three)...
<review# 67,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2014,9/12/2014,179,297,7,7,7>I have been trying to go to this winery for almost a year.  Ever since they put the sign up in the Barlow that they were opening a tastinsg room.The winery has been in operation since 2006, and as an urban winery in the Barlow since 2013.  Tasting room is right off Mackenzie Street.  It has a wonderful ambiance.  Classy, country, relaxed, down to earth, Sebastopol, reclaimed barn wood, nice leather couch, and some contemporary design with a great view of the Barlow traffic.Richie was my pourer.  He took me through all the wines they had available.  I was very excited because I knew this winery specialized in Rhones and Burgundy and a few extras.  Even though the winery is in Sebastopol (RRV AVA), most of the grapes are sourced from the windy gaps of Petaluma (Sonoma Coast AVA) (hence the name Wind Gap.)  The Petaluma wind gap is probably going to be one of the next AVAs named in Sonoma county, as it draws the nice coastal breezed through a funnel to cool the grapes on hot days.What's unique about the wines is that some of the wines are fermented in egg shaped cement fermenters. This gives the wines a unique minerality. The wines I loved the most was the Rhones 2012 Granache, 2012 Syrah, and a smoky 2008 Syrah.Check it out!
<review# 68,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2014,9/11/2014,8,49,3,6,4>When we first arrived at the restaurant we were greeted by Dick, owner and our warm and casual host, who seated us in the intimate dining room immediately.  Our first course was a sparkling wine with roasted pistachios while we contemplated the menu.  Simply put, as we read, each item sounded tastier than the last.  After much debate, I settled on the following: 1st Course - Ahi Sashimi 2nd Course - Beet and Apple Salad3rd Course - Opakapaka 4th Course - Meyer Lemon PuddingAlso selected at our table were: mushroom & butternut squash soups for the 2nd course, duck for the 3rd course, and walnut cake and brownies for the 4th course. Throughout our dinner, we noticed that each table appeared to be at a different stage in the meal and as a result the entire restaurant runs like clockwork, with the owner/chef, Julie, able to bring out some of the courses and socialize with the diners as well. Each table enjoys a wonderful and leisurely meal, finishing just in time for the table to be reset for the next reservation just minutes later.  The first and second courses were expertly paired with white wines, two delicious reds are served with the main, and finally there is a choice of two dessert wines for the final course, for a total of 6 tasting glasses of wine with the meal.  All selections are wonderful and work amazingly with the menu. They are also quite reasonably priced; my husband and I decided that we needed to take home 3 of them!  Quite simply, everything was perfect.  So much so, that while we were eating our dessert, we promptly made reservations for the next week in order to do it all again! (Which we did with almost no changes from our first choices!)Notably, the corkage fee is exactly the same price as the wine tasting addition to the pre fixe menu. Given that the other 4 days of the week this wonderful little spot is a wine shop, I urge anyone who visits to trust your hosts and go for the full monty. You won't be disappointed!
<review# 69,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2014,9/10/2014,142,267,3,6,6>Promising new pizzeria just opened up in Napa's restaurant row.  The building is historic which we loved and the atmosphere was inviting and warm.    Service was friendly and attentive.  One of the owners escorted us to our seat and told us a little bit of the building's history.  Our server was great and though she had to go up and down those nineteen steps to attend to our needs, she kept a smile on her face throughout the service.We ordered beer, a soda, Caesar salad, and the Nineteen Steps pizza.  My BF loved the salad, I thought it can use some seasoning.  Still the portion and quality for $8 can't be beat.  We loved the pizza which had fennel sausage (Molinari's) and rosemary fries.  It was 14" pizza and cut into 8 large slices which we couldn't finish.  They have really good wine list which included some nice selection of local and Italian wines.  They also have good beer offerings.We loved this new addition to Napa.  The value for the quality of ingredients was very good.  (For two people we spent under $50 for dinner!)  It's a great location and they are open later.We'll definitely be back real soon.
<review# 70,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2014,9/9/2014,17,80,3,3,4>We LOVE sushi. We've lived in Sonoma for two years and we've never been here. Why? Well, honestly because it's in a strip mall between a goofy golf place, a gym and a grocery store. It just didn't look very inviting. Finally, after reading some good reviews we decided to give it a try. WOW! We are so bummed that we missed out on eating here for TWO YEARS! The sushi is super fresh, playfully executed, tasty and creative. We started with the martini scallops (scallops lightly tempura fried in a martini glass on a seaweed salad.) YUM! They were fresh, light and so delicious. We had a NORCAL roll and it was really, really good. (At $12-$15 a roll they are not cheap but, super fresh and lots of fish not lots of rice like some places.) Then we had some Thai sticky ribs - OMG. We could eaten about 20 sooooo good. I was done but, my man ordered the mussels and they were AMAZING. Everything was way, way beyond our expectations. Best of all was the service. From the moment we walked in we were greeted with big smiles and welcoming, friendly people at every station. We sat at the bar and chatted with Aike, one of the partners and he is a MASTER of service. The only negative thing about this place (except for the location)  is the wine list...I must be honest and say it really is pretty bad. (Especially in SONOMA!) We didn't recognize anything so we just guessed and it was not very good. Aike noticed our (unintentional) turned up noses and took the bottle from us and brought us tastes of the other whites. We picked one and it was smooth sailing from there.Another small negative is that the place is tiny but, they are adding a back patio and that will help. Make a reservation! These people know what they are doing! I give them five stars and we already made a reservation to go back again Saturday! :-)
<review# 71,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2011,6/27/2011,43,33,2,8,4>The best seafood available period.  The place is clean and doesn't have that fishy smell most seafood shops do.  The mongers there are very informative.  Pretty affordable for the quality you get.
<review# 72,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2011,6/26/2011,18,19,3,5,4>I love these guys. My only problem? They're ALWAYS busy! I live in the neighborhood so it's convenient to get my car fixed there, but generally it's best to make an appointment with them because they're in such high demand.The reason they're in high demand? They do good, honest work. I've been taking my car there for 3 years and they do exactly what I ask them to do. When I needed new tires, they told me it was probably best to go somewhere else where I could get the tires for cheaper since they would have to order them.  When I needed the terminal changed on my battery, they didn't even charge me because it took them about 5 minutes. They are knowledgeable and trustworthy and I wouldn't take my car anywhere else.
<review# 73,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2011,6/25/2011,56,20,1,4,2>Love this place. It is easily my go-to joint for cheap, delicious mexican food. Their prices are all around $2-3 less per item than most taquerias, yet the quality is still excellent. I love their super burritos, super quesadillas, fajitas, chille rellenos, Horchata, everything. Super tasty and won't brake the bank.  lol. I believe it's like $4.95 for an effing super burrito?? For basically 2 meals (if you take home leftovers) Instead of what, $6-7.95+ like most places charge?? Awesome. Service is pretty good. Salsas are BOMB especially their red spicy salsa and their famed green avocado salsa. Highly recommended.
<review# 74,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2011,6/24/2011,13,23,1,3,3>I went to this shop for the first time ever. I go to many local bike shops as I ride alot and know many shop owners and cyclists. I was impressed with the selection and shop in general. Friendly staff and great selection of cycling gear from kids and family type to the more serious racer. I'd recommend this shop.
<review# 75,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2011,6/23/2011,15,228,2,4,2>Super amazing and yummy!  I tried the plain tart yogurt, and it was reallllly good - not too tart, but not very sweet, actually a lot like Pinkberry, if you've had it.  Makes you feel less guilty about piling it with sugary toppings, as I did.  It was so cool to see everything they've got there!  Real, genuine, raw cookie dough; cheesecake; brownies; candies of all types; several kinds of cereal (fruity pebbles + cinnamon toast crunch, yay!); rice krispies treats; about a dozen types of sauces, hot and cold; lovely looking fresh fruit for those of you interested in being healthier (uhhh not me this time).  Oh, and a waffle bar!  We didn't try that, but next time I would definitely consider it.Eight different kinds of fro-yo including your standard plain, vanilla, chocolate, and when we came, strawberry-kiwi, cheesecake, cookies and cream, and pear (!).Everything was incredibly tasty and we got two pretty enormous servings for under ten bucks.  Okay, it seems pricey when you put it that way, but again, it was practically meal-sized.  Kind of sad, since we ate it after a meal, but... yeah... anytime I get a hankering for a frozen treat with who-knows-what on top, I'll definitely head back here!
<review# 76,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2011,6/22/2011,103,359,4,5,4>Beautiful little market with the most friendly people working there. I love the complementary recipes and the great cooking advise. The selection is similar to other stores in the area however the extra little touches will bring me back to the Olive Market. I received a free little sample of a Mediterranean cooking sauce and had great fun talking and laughing. It on the Miracle Mile and parking is plentiful.  The store carries many gluten free baking products like chickpea flour and a variety of rice flours.  The delicate rose water cookies are heavenly however not g.f.
<review# 77,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2008,6/21/2011,33,19,3,6,4>Skirtchaser Vintage is an awesome addition to the low quality, high priced vintage stores that have been picked over for thier best stuff (in the Santa Rosa area). I have been collecting and selling vintage for over 16 years and  Christina, the owner is both knowledgeable and reasonable when it comes to her very high quality clothing and jewelry. It's unfortunate that some people have to look past the wonderful qualities of her store and find bad things to say about someone who has an honest love for what she does. The store is operated by the owners who are well educated in all things vintage (not just clothing) and are avid collecters. If I was to EVER have a problem with a garment that I had purchased from them I can rest assured that I could bring it back and discuss it with them, and surely they would be appalled to know that tags had been recycled.    As for the clothing being  exposed to sunlight outside and in the window, I challenge anyone to go to a vintage store where that is not happening. Go to one in a low foot traffic area  with nothing in the window and no racks outside and see if they survive for even a week. If that is a major concern then please don't wear your precious vintage clothing outside in the weather, or to a bar or a restaurant, you might be exposed to cigarrette smoke, or even worse, food. This is a store, not a museum. I'm sure Christina will be thrilled to find that she has one less customer that has nothing good to say. As for finding a better vintage store, good luck. I guess we'll be seeing you at the goodwill.
<review# 78,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2011,6/20/2011,53,12,,2,2>Wedding Review: Corinne is my regular stylist, and we had been talking for a long time about what I wanted. She spent time dolling me up at my preview appointment and was patient as I considered each of the hair styles she tried on me and listened to my concerns about my makeup (I don't usually wear very much and didn't want it to look overdone). The day of the wedding, Corinne came out to my house to do hair and makeup for myself, my mom, and my 3 bridesmaids. Katie D. was able to come out and do a few of the make-up applications as well. Everyone looked gorgeous! And they were both sensitive to all our requests and concerns about the hair and make-up. My bridesmaids are like me and generally wear little to no make-up. Katie & Corinne gave us all make-up and hair that lasted (and looked great) ALL DAY. For hair, Corinne was able to take my directions for my bridesmaids ("soft & elegant") and give each one a beautiful style that fit them perfectly. Corinne was on-time and (nice and early in the morning) and she and Katie completed all the services in the time we allotted. Corinne gladly stayed after everyone was all done up to secure my hairpiece after my dress was on.Thanks girls for making me and my girls feel pampered and utterly lovely. I couldn't imagine the day with any other stylists!
<review# 79,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2010,6/19/2011,55,57,1,7,5>i went to the grand opening to support a local business even though i dont go to coffee shops.  but i have found myself going back each morning on my way to work to get a cup of coffee because it is much better than the stuff at my office and worth the $2.25.  the coffee is good, everyone is friendly, and they don't snicker when i order my decaf.
<review# 80,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2010,6/18/2011,66,27,3,6,5>Great little shop I am a jewelry wrapper, when you go in if you need help from a clerk there may be a little wait but its worth it.   The girls are all very nice.They have thousands of beads and settings for jewelry, I will be back this week.
<review# 81,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2012,10/28/2012,87,152,4,4,6>Excellent service.  I had a memory upgrade with my laptop and they helped me by first  giving me the right info over the phone.  Once I purchased the memory (almost unavailable these days) on line, I took my Thinkpad to their office to properly install the chip at a time convenient for me.  Their rates are very reasonable and I got the feeling that if I have any complex computer problems, I can count on them to get me going, pronto.  This way, I can continue to write reviews for Yelp regardless of my de-elited status.
<review# 82,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2012,10/27/2012,62,208,3,10,2>This place has been on my radar for sometime. We were close by today and decided to have lunch here. We split a 3 piece order of fish & chips. I was surprised that they put it on 2 plates and tossed in a 4th piece of fish and another side of cole slaw and fries. The fish was good and the batter nice and crunchy. The cole slaw was better than I expected too. The fries were a thick cut. The wait staff was friendly and helpful.  We don't usually eat this much fried food but we really enjoyed it. I'll have to hit the gym twice as hard tomorrow. It's always interesting about Yelp reviews...........opinions are like ............. everyone's got one.
<review# 83,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2012,10/26/2012,184,265,2,8,3>Okay, this was STUPID GOOD. I am not one to say "best meal of my life" because there are always varying pros and cons, but this meal is among the top three - the other two being a restaurant I dined at in Brugges, Belgium and The Sardine Factory in Monterey, CA.This was a surprise birthday treat from my boyfriend. Before the main course, we inhaled some scallops and oysters before we realized that other people were watching. He ordered the duck breast entree and I had the pan seared salmon. There was nothing that could have been done to improve these dishes - they were perfect. The wine was perfect. EVERYTHING WAS PERFECT. I don't know how I could be more descriptive... but I ended up sleeping for 13 hours that night too. Good meals will do that to me - I may need to be ROLLED out of the door if I ever intend to leave the house the following day.
<review# 84,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2012,10/25/2012,765,333,5,10,8>Step up to the overlook - you want to climb these steps for views of Stinson Beach, native birds, native plants and the Bolinas Lagoon!  I would never recommend just hitting these stairs without actually doing the full hike/tour - leave your cell and ipods at home or in the car.I have climbed these steep steps countless times, but always for educational purposes.  We used to have field trips out here to learn about birds, trees, fungus, and evolution - I have vivid memories of whispering around birds nests, finding a pond, and handling baby newts - thinking that they were pretty but also kinda gross.  I'm not really sure how busy this place gets with kids these days - but I'd imagine they continue to do regular tours. The tours were led by volunteers who are also bird experts. Disclaimer: I am biased because my grandma volunteered here as a docent about 15 years ago.  She would probably tell you to bring your binoculars, a hat for the sun, water and good hiking shoes.    This is a reserve off of hwy one.  My grandma and her friends were some of the kick-ass activists that fought the good fight to keep it public - so we could all geek out and enjoy.  I can't recall all of the birds we saw, but I remember snowy egrets and blue herrings. Also, grandma was someone who got up at 5am every morning to go bird watching in Larkspur, but the birds here really rocked her socks off.  I'm headed here in the coming weeks when my PDX fam comes to town - will update review with more details then.TIPS:(1) try to go on a sunny weekend (2) pack a lunch because there are benches for you to hang out and eat (3) call first about guided tours (4) if you react to poison oak - purchase some sumac wash like Tecnu before you go, then scrub your body raw as soon as possible.  Umm, you might still get a rash but hopefully not =).
<review# 85,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2012,10/24/2012,140,97,4,6,3>Just a mail box!  Not any more....All I ever knew of this place before being berated by some of my east coast friends/wine enthusiast friends was the mailbox out on Hwy 29.  So I stopped in to pick up a couple bottles to thank my friends for the heads up and I am very glad I did.    The hosts were friendly, knowledgeable and willing to tailor your tasting experience to your level of comfort with wine.  I look forward to going back and updating my review.
<review# 86,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2012,10/23/2012,248,493,5,7,6>Lucky am I to have such lovers of food as friends, birds of a feather do flock together, after all.I was invited to a wedding reception at the El Dorado Kitchen, and let me tell you - lucky is the Girl that is invited to such an affair at this establishment. The dining room is large and when reserved for a big party like this, feels like you are in someone's dining room - an extremely stylish, well designed dining room with only expertly prepared culinary delights (no need for hiding food in napkins like at Auntie Maude's).So, the atmosphere is correct, how about the food. My choice was the grilled salmon with lentils, sounds simple but of course the genius Chef's of El Dorado elevate this dish into a flavor delight and you wonder where salmon like this has been all your life.Others ordered the steak and potatoes, which was also, of course, perfect. Along with fingerling potatoes (possibly the best type of potato in existence) this was also executed with care and delivered.The bar. A bar at dinner is a appreciated plus - but a bar at a wedding is essential. Lesser places would take the opportunity to skimp on ingredients and pours, but here you can expect and receive a drink exactly as you would make it for yourself, if you went to an exemplary mixology school and knew what the hell you were doing. Classics, trendy and fresh elixers are made right in front of your eyes to appease your palette and even give you that extra oomf of courage that you may need to get out on the dance floor, which is conveniently located directly opposite the bar.The service is flawless, you will not need to flag anyone down - and with such a crowd, that is quite an achievement.I have not one complaint, only glowing feelings and memories of that completely fantasic night.
<review# 87,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2012,10/21/2012,40,65,,2,1>Stumbled upon this place last year when i was looking for some really good authentic cochanita pibil... glad i found this little gem. Everyone Here is so friendly as well it's always been an awesome experience.their bean dip served with the homemade chips is delicious, as well as their sala's. i have tried numerous things on the menu & they have all been fantastic. this is definitely my go to spot when i am craving mexican, i wouldnt really waste my time anywhere else. i highly recommend this place to anyone who is looking for authentic yucatan food.
<review# 88,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2012,10/20/2012,2,14,,4,1>My husband and I came here mostly because it was close, had good reviews, and offers a lunch buffet on Sunday (something Torch of India doesn't!). The fact that they serve gluten-free naan was really just the icing on the cake. The food here is simple, yummy, and seemed a bit lighter than what I'm used to from other Indian restaurants in town - in a really good way. I agree with some of the other comments that the vegetarian dishes here are really their best.I am giving them five stars instead of four because, on top of the good food, our waiters were incredibly nice and gave our 2 year old son a free mango lassi. He LOVED IT, and I loved that they were so welcoming of a family with a slightly rambunctious toddler. Also, free stuff is the way to my heart. That and really, genuinely nice customer service. We will definitely be coming back!
<review# 89,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2012,10/19/2012,4,3,,1,4>I LOVE DANA!!!She is amazing artists and a great person, Her tattoo shop is very welcoming and comfortable, None of the 5 guys tattooing and looking scary stuff. Her awesome art fills the shop and because you are the only client you are the center of her attention. I've had her do a custom piece for my upper arm and a cover up for my forearm and both turned out amazing, I get more compliments on the colors she uses then on any of my tattoos done else where. I can honestly say I WILL NEVER go anywhere else ever again. Her prices are fair and her work is amazing!  My body is my temple and I only let Dana decorate it!!
<review# 90,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2008,10/18/2012,39,179,,3,2>Possibly the best coffee... I've ever had. I think Espresso Vivace in Seattle was almost as good. Available in espresso drinks at Centro Espresso (the coffee cart at Sawyer's News) and in straight coffee form at several restaurants in the area. You can order super-fresh coffee on their website, and the company is run but one of the nicest and (coffee) knowledgeable people in the world. Not to be missed if you are a coffee lover.
<review# 91,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2011,10/20/2011,724,333,5,12,6>I don't understand how you can review this place badly - no one walks into Willie Bird's and thinks this is great ambience, or this is where I will have my wedding reception - NO, not this place. As soon as I saw the old building and my friend's told me the family (the Willie Bird family I suppose) is in the Turkey Farm business - I was looking forward to this new adventure. You walk in and it's wooden panelling everywhere - everything is very old style - prob late 60's early 70's. Saddle up at the bar and John (daytime) or Willie Wong (not related to the family) makes you a big delicious drink in a bucket - I have a glass fetish and these are great glasses. And it's a good strong drink - you don't have to ask or hope that it's a good drink - believe me it's good and strong and CHEAP. A refreshing gin and tonic in a bucket at the bar on a hot day in Santa Rosa - perfect. I could actually buy a round if I knew the other people. When I was there - they had some happy hour food set up - cheese bread and a shafing dish of big juicy turkey meatballs with red sauce/ketchup. I wasn't a huge fan of the ketchup sauce - but where am I - I'm not at the Bechamel Sauce Restaurant - it was all quite delicious. Just walk in and enjoy the atmosphere for what is is - it's not a greasy spoon at all - the food is good for what it is and the drink are outstanding with a nice crowd.
<review# 92,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2011,10/19/2011,67,79,2,5,5>I have been going to Dr. Creaghe for many years for big teeth jobs and small.  My wife and daughter also switched to Dr Creaghe several years ago on my recommendation.In addition to great dentistry, Dr. Creaghe has also given us free marketing advice for our floral design business.
<review# 93,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/1/2011,10/18/2011,96,212,4,3,2>TRENDY & HIP (for Novato) AND NOISYI wanted to like Toast more. It's one of the trendier eateries in a trendier shopping center (is that an oxymoron?) in a most decidedly not-hip town.  First time I had the grilled salmon with Caesar salad.  Second time, a nut-encrusted fish with a House salad to start. Was it good? Yes. What it great? No.    If I closed my eyes, I could have been at the Wild Fox, a similar mid-to-higher price point restaurant in Novato.  They're both offer up the kind of interchangeable meals that are on the other side of the "Trendy" bell-curve. Good because the concept has been well-tested and already abandoned by others who are pushing the culinary envelope.   Need proof? Toast STILL carries a roasted beet & goat cheese spinach salad. It's the culinary equivalent of skinny jeans.
<review# 94,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2011,10/17/2011,1,186,2,2,2>I would find it hard to describe the food at Charlie Hong Kong.  They describe it as organic Asian street cuisine which I guess sort of describes it.  I think I would add the pidgin term "all mix up," since it seems to be a fusion of many different Asian foods all at once.  Sounds strange, but it works.While I'm traveling for work, the SO comes here regularly - so regularly in fact that they know his name...  I'm guessing from that that he likes the place.The basic concept is fairly simple - you choose your noodle bowl (all vegan) from a list of seven and can either go with that or enhance it with one of seven toppings including both vegan and carnivore options.  In addition there are salads, soups, rice bowls and Bahn Mi (Vietnamese sandwiches) available.Though I have tried almost every different noodle bowl on the menu, I'm partial to the Spicy Dan's Peanut Delight with some sort of meat topping.  The only noodle dish neither of us cared for was Charlie's Pad Thai which didn't resemble any Pad Thai anywhere.  However, food, like many things is a matter of personal taste.The SO loves the Hoisin Pork sandwich and almost always orders that to go with his noodles.There is a small seating area however, it gets both crowded and noisy so we tend to get our bowls to go.This is a welcome addition to the restaurant scene in Mill Valley.
<review# 95,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2011,10/16/2011,79,258,10,2,2>Jesus, WTF are you doing to me?! I can't be driving down these winding-ass country roads in morning after a rainstorm to hope that the weather is keeping fools away so I can eat up all those biscuity things with the tasty pieces of ham stuck inside that are making my drool thinking about. Are you trying to turn me out?I didn't notice your blingy pinky rings and shiny lime green silky suit on when I got out all doe-eyed thinking this was just gonna be a lunch time thing. Now, I find myself longing for you at inappropriate times: in the morning, at work, and even when I lie down in bed at night. I eat other meals and somehow I find myself thinking of you, wanting to make both of us happy again. Somehow I knew the chicken was fresh, but then going out back and seeing them run around, peck-peck-pecking, made me want to hop a fence and crack some necks for more. I'd do that for you, The Fremont Diner. I'd kill chickens for you, if you asked me...
<review# 96,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2011,10/15/2011,35,76,2,6,2>Tastes in sushi vary so widely from die-hard nigiri fans, to those that can only stomach a California roll, to those that want a deep-fried roll with a kitschy name. But Shiso pulls off catering to all three with aplomb. I'd feel comfortable taking my most adventurous sushi eater friends from the big city here -- or someone who doesn't even like fish. I've been a customer of Shiso since it's days at the old Broadway location. Oh how happy I was to see that they'd finally reopened at a new spot in Maxwell Village. The first week they opened, I went two nights in a row. That's right, back to back. I fall into the "I'll eat anything especially if its unusual" category of sushi eaters so I love to sit at the counter at get Omakase, or chef's choice, until I can't force down another bite. Ed, the head chef and owner, is skilled at dressing up or down his creations based on the customer and always makes me something that I can't stop talking about. Most recent was a foie gras, scallop creation that was truly divine. For those that love rolls, try the Aqua-Caliente. Cleverly named and executed. But Shiso also does main courses that are delightful. I've tried the seared beef, halibut in pepper broth, and the lettuce cups. I'd eat all of them all of them again, happily. The new location is small and quite popular, so if you like to sit at the counter, I suggest reservations. There are also boxed lunch specials, a happy hour in the early afternoon, and they are now serving at the Sonoma Farmers' Market each Tuesday from May to October.
<review# 97,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2011,10/14/2011,170,264,4,6,6>I attended a child's birthday party here this past weekend & was really impressed. This gymnastics studio is tucked away in the industrial area in north east San Rafael (off Lucas Valley exit, off Mitchell Drive). It has two great, big rooms with plenty of trampolines, spring boards, chair swing with secure safety straps which lets an adult swing a small person safely & nearly as "high as the moon".The staff seems to keep it clean & was professional & friendly. Some of the equipment was newer. The picnic bench-style long table or several joined together were very adequate for the super-sized party of maybe 30+ kids. The party parents brought in food & drinks & had pizza delivered. A mess was made & it was promptly cleaned to make way for the next event.For two hours of enjoyment, it felt like a half an hour. Time flies when you're having fun & San Rafael Gymnastics is a fantastic place to have it.
<review# 98,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2011,10/13/2011,1,11,,1,1>I'm not much of a runner but I don't want to run in cheap shoes (my knees don't like it). I was very happy with the selection, service and price.I will definitely go back when I am ready for a pair of those five fingers shoes.
<review# 99,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2010,10/12/2011,10,16,1,5,2>After we did our first tour I was sold, but my husband was a little hesitant to become a member. He eventually agreed to give it a go and now we love picking up our local/ fresh produce and meat grown here in our own hometown.  Every week is something new and it really challenges us to come up with new recipes. In addition to the product, the farm itself is a great place. We take our daughter almost every weekend to walk around and check out the different animals- she loves it!
<review# 100,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2011,10/11/2011,22,16,,1,1>Ok, here's why I really like this restaurant. I love Thai food. I mean, really love it. Enough to drive my family & friends crazy. When it's my turn to pick a restaurant, they know it's going to be Thai! Well, Pongo's is awesome because it's Thai fusion. They have Thai soups, salads, and noodles but they also have burgers, sandwiches, and appetizers. My hubby can get a burger and cold beer on tap while I enjoy my favorite Thai meal. It's the best of both worlds! I recommend this restaurant for anyone who loves yummy food and a diverse menu.
<review# 101,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2013,11/13/2013,0,80,2,6,2>I can't say enough about the quality of the food and the courteousness of the staff here.  I did go to other Japanese restaurants recently just to give them a try... but in all honesty they just don't compare to Hana.  Sure you can find cheaper Japanese cuisine, and places with more a traditional atmosphere.  However, what you won't find at the other places is a 5 star dining experience. Tonight I had the Toro Nigiri... a cut of bluefin that almost literally melted in my mouth.  Nobody has fish this fresh.  And the Yuzu sorbet for dessert was the ultimate topper to a great meal. We also decided tonight to quit flirting with the idea that we'll find a better Japanese restaurant.  For us, it is Hana hands-down... there is no need to waste our time at other places.
<review# 102,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2013,11/12/2013,56,121,2,6,2>Wow! What a wonderful experience I had at Radiance! The food was fresh and delicious and the workers were so welcoming. This restaurant is such a little gem. It feels like you're over at a close friends house eating fresh homemade food grown in the backyard. I had the yogi bowl which was so comforting. I also had a cookie and a side of chutney, which I was told was made with plums from a local garden. Both were lovely. The chutney was a wonderful compliment to the yogi bowl. The women at the counter also gave me a sample of the cooler which was soo tasty! I will definitely be ordering one next time I come in.Besides the food being great, the women at the counter (who I believe is the owner) was so friendly! I let her know I was new to Marin and she was extremely kind and welcoming. I love to support local businesses and Radiance is doing a great job serving delicious food and good vibes. I will definitely be back!
<review# 103,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2013,11/11/2013,26,304,2,2,3>What a cool place.  It feels like a fraternity basement (in a good way).  Friendly place.   There is even a "bar cat" who loves to get her belly rubbed.  The bartenders are awesome.  This is one of those places you have to check out because there just is no other bar like it anywhere - part log cabin, part dive bar, part homage to our veterans.
<review# 104,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2013,11/10/2013,230,290,4,4,3>My goodness, I figured out the formula to edible crack, it is Lagunitas IPA plus clam chowder plus a crab/aioli roll. Repeat if you have a bottomless stomach and a fat wallet.Love the staff here, they are super accommodating and generally just kick ass. Pretty sure the other patrons sitting outside thought I was a serious nut case because I was sitting alone, literally moaning over how good the food was. But, it is okay...  I'm a NOLA native and having food orgasms is totally normal there.What makes it even better is that I went to the order counter, armed with a photo of a crab roll, telling the employee "I WANT THIS," and it turns out the pic was from another sandwich shop... what a delicious mistake!
<review# 105,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2013,11/9/2013,108,62,3,5,3>My first time here as a newbie Marinite. I had heard this was a long term Marin gold standard and now I know why. We went last night with a close friend and the three of us had an all around delectably good time. I really love old school places like this. I search for them, in fact. The kind of places that remind me of the 70s and 80s back when my parents were getting their groove on (truth be told, they still are). This is a place to temporarily escape back to an arguably better, easier seeming era of American life. A time with money in the pocket and plenty to spare. Martinis like granddad used to have. And an environment that is dressy (shall we say 'snazzy'?) enough to feel like it's just a little bit special but laid back enough for a really relaxed, be yourself, no editing required style evening.  Cozy booths, pretty people, and, of course, great food. I do believe Farrah Fawcett and Burt Reynolds would have fit right in, circa '79 baby. But fear not hipsters: this is your place, too. Drinks: a round of light your fire, tip your hat martinis. Mine was idyllically dirty and it was made by a pro. I can't tell you how hard that is to find. Deliciouso!Patrick ordered up the roasted artichoke appetizer for the table. Growing up, artichoke was a family favorite and I always love it. This was served with an aioli but I preferred mine without it. It was wonderfully buttery and flavorful and needed nothing else. Patrick had the brisket and he loved it, I had the petite filet medium rare and it was perfectly cooked, our friend had the lamb shank and he loved that, too. Fun fun evening in a great environment. Good vibes! I can't wait to return.
<review# 106,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2013,11/8/2013,57,102,5,4,3>Sprouts is something of a hybrid between Trader Joe's and an affordable Whole Foods.  Really good prices, friendly staff, and a nice open floor plan.  I was impressed to see venison, bison and kangaroo among the excellent meat selection here..  (Did somebody say Kangaroo-BQ this weekend?)
<review# 107,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2013,11/7/2013,40,17,,1,1>I was headed to Berkeley that day to hang out with a friend and decided to get her some cupcakes. I immediately thought of Kara's because their cupcakes never disappoint.  I was first introduced to Kara's cupcakes few years ago and tried their S'mores cupcake which I fell in love with. At the time it was $2.00.  Now they cost $3.25 each.  Pricey but worth it.  Here are the cupcakes I got:S'mores of course which has a marshmallow fluff frosting, a chocolate moist cake and at the bottom has a graham crust. Yummy yum yum! Meyer lemon. It had some kind of lemon filling. I don't remember the frosting but I remember the cupcake being delicious.Java cupcake was a bit disappointing. I think I was really expecting a coffee flavor but it seemed that it was only in the frosting which did not taste that good. It was just ok. I wouldn't get that again.Chocolate Velvet. This was definitely made for a chocolate fan.  If you love chocolate get this cupcake! It's not too rich either. I quite enjoyed it and really who doesn't love chocolate? Oh there wasn't a frosting on this one.  Still delicious.The service is awesome very attentive and friendly as well.  I like the different kinds of boxes they have for cupcakes. They remind me of the ones they use for macarons.  Very cute.  Kara's cupcakes are moist and full of flavor so when you're in Napa and in the Oxbow Market don't forget to buy a cupcake!  A S'mores cupcake!
<review# 108,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2013,11/6/2013,32,145,,1,1>Okay - time for an update!  Over the past year, I've become a bit of a margarita/tequila aficionado.  Because of this new passion... I found myself back at Saylor's one night - as they are known for having quite possibly the BEST selection of tequila in Marin County.This time (and the subsequent 3 times there after) service was great!  I've gone for Happy Hour, Lunch & Dinner.  Still unimpressed with the Baja Tacos as-served... but I found the hot tip! Get some of their habanero sauce on the side.  Muy Bien. Great chips & salsa.  Awesome tequila drinks.  BEST thing I've eaten there so far were their Traditional Chile Rellenos.  Very tasty, very authentic.  I've also tried the "vegan" rellenos (stuffed w/ veggies & no batter)... they were okay - but felt way too healthy! They have a great back patio, which is fabulous for lunch.  Umbrellas, baja garden décor, they even offer blankets to put over your shoulders if the fog rolls in (nice touch, eh?).Give it a go... if you like rellenos & tequila - you can't go wrong.
<review# 109,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2013,11/5/2013,724,333,5,5,7>Stopped in here on a Friday evening with a buddy and found some spots at the perfectly built bar and stools. Have you ever sat at a bar and the stools just seem way off on your body - well these were perfect, solid, and the foot pedestal was in the perfect spot - I must spend too much time on bar stools because I was THRILLED just with the seating. So it's beer and wine - beer selection excellent and unique. I remember Drake's was on tap - don't find that everywhere. But more so you have idk - 30+ wines by the glass to choose from - everything under the son - It may be 40+. More importantly once we had some delicious glasses of wine we ordered some small plates to share which was plenty of food for 2 big guys. Deviled Eggs - a good clean and tasty protein to start, it had kimchee in it (but nothing tasted like it was buried in the ground) and some pork product on top. Then Clams - wow, so good with Tasso Ham and delicious broth - yum. Also had the Fried - good, and epenada's, and most of all  ******PORK BELLY******* was out of this world goodness / melt in your mouth goes so well with all wines (maybe not all) but both red and white. And we had great service from ELA. She was prompt, friendly, great rec's and was great to talk too. WE SCORED - Definitely Going Back, again and again
<review# 110,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2013,11/4/2013,419,792,2,6,5>Nice little joint in Mill. Valley.  Tried em for lunch on a gorgeous Saturday.   The place was packed.   There were just a couple tables available and a couple seats at the counter too.  Got seated quickly though.  Woosh!  Water was  set in front of me within seconds of taking a seat.  Its a small place so when its full like this prepare for it to be noisy.  Anyone who has hearing issues is not going to like this.  When its empty I'm sure its a lot better.  Now the food.   Ordered the spinach and feta cheese crepe.  It was a huge tasty portion but I managed to finish it.   Also tried the beet salad.  Think sweet pickled beets on a bed of spinach and some chunks of cheese.  It also had a tasty sweet dressing.   The two women at the table next to us got strawberry waffles and damn! Im getting those next time. The waffles of course.  When finished they brought the check right away.   Easy in easy out.   Restrooms are down the hall and are shared by several businesses.  Be sure to grab the key on the spoon or you'll be waiting awhile.  Enjoy!
<review# 111,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2013,10/3/2013,69,186,2,7,2>I ate here a couple months ago with my mom, when I was just about to move to Santa Rosa. I had no idea that this wasn't a "traditional" restaurant, but I love the concept. Actually, the day before I had been watching a Portlandia episode about communal tables, so it was funny that we went here and ended up being sat at a communal table. The service was great and everyone was so kind. I ordered the huevos rancheros with a side of chicken apple sausage (since I heard that the sausage was good.. it was a lot of food, but w/e). The reviews don't lie--the sausage was amazingly juicy and flavorful. I loved the huevos rancheros and practically inhaled the whole thing.I also liked the bread and scones that arrived before the food. I remember the marmalade jam was delicious. I would definitely come back here, not just because it's a good cause, but also because the food is legitimately good.
<review# 112,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2013,10/2/2013,113,126,2,4,3>I'm gonna have to say here, that this is my new favorite find in Santa Rosa.  A traditional Italian-American sandwich and ravioli spot which DOES serve dinner most nights at unbelievable prices.  I'm only reviewing the LUNCH however because that's all I've had.  The sandwiches are no frills straight up American Deli mostly with some traditional Italian-American usual suspects.  Here they make the Salami sandwich traditionally unless you want it Americanized with lettuce, cheese etc...  I'm giving it 5 stars not lightly and I don't want to mislead.  If you like those cute artisan sandwich spots (which Sonoma County has about two dozen), this isn't for you.  You know the ones with Turkey and Brie, $5 water.  I personally love places like Dean & DeLuca.  But there is a place for the Average American Deli.  The reason for the 5 star is that this place is excellent at that.  The veggies were not organic, I don't think.  But they were very fresh and full of flavor.  Yeah, the mustard was regular deli mustard.  But the right amount of it was put on the bread.  Like a really great classic American Muscle Car.  This place was firing on all pistons.  They have an assortment of pasta and potato salads, plus about 9 ravioli options, by my count.  People buy the pasta from them and freeze them for future use.  They had freezer bags and boxes readily available.  The picnic tables outside were kinda funny.  On one half of the restaurant old tables with stapled checker table cloths.  But the other side had high tables and benches so the elderly didn't have to recline too far down when they sit.  I tried them out.  It was cool sitting almost at counter height at a picnic table.  Parking is horrible.  But the draw here is so strong that no star need be deducted.  Again, though, don't go here expecting humus cucumber sandwiches with Turkish Vinegar with quinoa salad.  And believe me, I love those places too.  Just come for some pasta and BBQ and a simple fresh New York style deli sandwich.  Cause that's what you're gonna get.  I can't wait to try dinner here.  Their yelp check in special is frankly unbeatable in Santa Rosa.  2 for 1.   One of the reviews I read about cash only was either wrong or they've changed their policy.  Because the window says they take Amex, Visa, Mastercard.  And we paid with a debit card no problem.
<review# 113,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2013,10/1/2013,248,493,2,4,5>simple, delicious, charming and quaint.These words are what I would use to describe my lovely evening at Glen Ellen Star with my Dear, Dear Mother. We were seated promptly outside by the cutest waitress in existence and poured over the menu happily.The wine list is thoughtful and though small, full of great options. I always go red, so the pinot noir selection was appreciated.Their menu, of course, is seasonal, and since - for once, we were not ravenous, we decided on a load of appetizers. I really think that appetizers are where its at for a punch of flavor and a taste of what a restaurant is REALLY about. The appetizers show such creativity and flare, you really just shouldn't miss out.So, we got the cast iron quick bread, with zataar oil, the roasted beets, harissa crumble, blood orange oil and the snap peas with brown sugar-bacon marmalade. Nothing was lacking. Nothing was less than perfect. We were delighted from the first bite and just didn't quit until we had sopped up every last bit of olive oil, ever last crumb of that fantastic harissa crumble.Glen Ellen Star, I know you opened with all eyes on you; being from Benziger Stock and all - let me tell you, in my humble, humble opinion, you have met ALL expectations.
<review# 114,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2013,9/30/2013,53,127,3,5,3>Enjoyed another lovely lunch with James as our server. Here's what I love about James: He's always so comfortable telling us what he knows--AND--telling us what he DOESN'T know. Which just let's YOU know that's he's good with what he knows. You know?The Huzby ALWAYS orders the rabbit pasta but, he makes an insincere attempt at looking at all the offerings. Insincere, because all he's doing is shopping around for me. Since I am no longer a mammal mangia-er, I scrutinize the menu for anything new that might appease my pesca-ave-terian tastes. Tra Vigne usually has plenty to offer. This time, they had a new entrée salad on the menu: a smoked trout mélange. Huzby started with the corn soup--devastingly delicious. I started with the Caesar salad.  They make my favorite version of Caesar salad. Not too much fish and the dressing slants towards the lemony side. The greens are always crisp and fresh and whole. It's a simple thing, not often done well. Tra Vigne does it perfectly.Huzby's entrée was its usual savory self. He has never been disappointed with his bunny noodles. We must assume however, that the bunny was disappointed earlier on, just about the time his neck got snapped. Bummer for bunny. Bites (both literally and figuratively) to be a tasty prey animal. My smoked trout entrée salad was great in flavor but ultimately lacking.  The Huzby and I went back and forth about it and agreed that it should be served on a bed of thinly sliced potatoes. It was just too stark and sparse served as it was. We conveyed our opinion to James, who transferred the message back to the kitchen. The kitchen responded by sporting our tiramisu dessert. Thank you everyone! We will be back. Count on Mr. Grumpy having the bun-bun pappardelle, and me looking for something that used to have feathers or fins (and trying not to think about what poor Bunster's family is doing without him--but wait---they're probaby in the sauce too!). Tra Vigne (and James--keep up the great work), we remain your steadfast fans.
<review# 115,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2013,9/29/2013,63,158,,3,2>Yep, seaside with some seafood! It is definitely hard to get better than catch-of-the-day fresh fish and chips, with a Pabst Blue Ribbon on tap, and a view of Bodega Bay. Days like this I remember how lucky I am to live here!The fish n' chips were pretty much everything you'd want in a batch of fried food- light not heavy, fish-focused, and salty, crispy fries. To top it all off, we had an order of BBQed oysters (heavenly) and a bowl of clam chowder....which was absolutely allowed to be part of the heavenly seafood festival at our table.Best of all, this place is quite a bit cheaper than most other Bodega Bay eateries- more casual, and a really nice place to stop and have a fried fish picnic outside!
<review# 116,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2013,9/28/2013,142,267,2,5,2>Best place for massage in Napa!  I'm a member here, so I go at least once a month for massage.  So far I found six of their masseuse awesome!  In the past year alone, I only encountered 2 who were just okay in the 12 visits I've gone.  I brought my BF and mom here at difference times in the past and they, too, love their massages.  Owners really care about your experience and it shows.  The space is quiet and serene and they take the silence seriously.  This is definitely a departure from many of the spa establishments in Napa where there's a constant party atmosphere.  If you want to celebrate a bachelorette party in a spa, this place is probably not for you (unless your group can be quiet).  I love that they are open late everyday and that they have a number of masseuse/urs to chose from.  You can also book online.  One thing you should know is that they don't have showers or any spa tub, but they do provide you with a very hot towel at the end of the massage, so you don't end up all icky oily.
<review# 117,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2013,9/27/2013,352,403,6,6,6>Yum, I stopped by Redwood bagel co. today for lunch based on a recommendation from a review from Joyce L.  She didn't steer me wrong.  Redwood bagel co has a number of inexpensive bagel sandwiches perfect for a lunch out.I went with the Asiago turkey club, which is a triple decker bagel sandwich with turkey, bacon, lettuce and tomato.  My friend went with the asiago turkey melt, which is actually a closed sandwich.We both enjoyed our sandwiches.  There are only a couple tables outside, so it may make more sense to take it to go.  Both sandwiches were $5.25 each.
<review# 118,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2012,9/26/2013,11,38,,1,1>Christina is wonderful! Her space in the French Quarter is so comfortable and inviting and her table is heavenly! And the sweet Lavender heart pillows she makes are beautiful and adorn the space in a special way...I have had hundreds of massages over the years, since I am in the same business and I also teach massage - Christina hands down is one of the top Therapists that has worked on me. She is highly trained in deeper massage techniques as well as in more gentle touch and cranio sacral work. I love that she combines those styles for a deeply therapeutic, yet soothing and nurturing experience. It is never a cookie cutter type of massage and I love that she combines essential oils - from a couple drops of lemon oil in your water, to the oil difuser in the room to a relaxing drop on your wrist and then combined with a therapeutic blend during the massage - amazing! So luxurious!The other thing that sets Christina apart from other practitioners is that she is extremely professional - she calls right back, is responsive to my needs, shows up on time, has the room set up and ready for me etc.She is a lovely person and so fun to talk to and she has incredible wisdom that has helped me at times when I went through a rough patch here and there.Most recently I lost my dad and my dog within a couple of month of each other - both very sudden and both very dear to my heart - I was beside myself and experienced incredible grief. Christina was amazing! She held space for me and when I started crying on the table she was so supportive and nurturing - I felt like an Angel was touching me - she did not have anyone else right after me and spend TWO hours with me!!!!! I left her office feeling like part of my soul returned.Thank you Christina for being such a gift to the world!
<review# 119,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2013,9/25/2013,88,15,2,4,4>I used to not enjoy Mexican food (I blame my parents for taking me to crappy tex-mex restaurants) until I tried Mi Pueblos LENGUA tacos. That's right. Cow tongue. It sounds gross, may look gross but you know what? It is the MOST delicious meat I have ever had. It's tender, it melts in your mouth like butter and has such a unique flavor. It's considered a delicacy in most latin american countries and I'm glad Mi Pueblo has it. I love Mi Pueblos lengua tacos. It's simple yet very, very flavorful and they give you a good amount of meat. They use a spicy green salsa, onions and cilantro. Simple, see? The flavor though is so good. It's really difficult to describe. I think they marinate and stew it. All I know that it is damn good. Whenever I order, I usually get 4-5 tacos. Yes, yes, 4 or 5. They're good what can I say?!As a whole, Mi Pueblo def has a homey vibe and is super clean. The people who work  there know who I am and always greet me genuinely. I also think they're all family which is awesome! Service is great. I never had a fuss up; maybe some language barrier incidents but it happens.   Their magaronas, margaritas and horchatas are super good too! Right amount of juice mix and wine sangria (instead of tequila)  Also, sometimes they'll have mariachi bands playing inside the restaurant and sing to you. Totally neat! I want to try their Michelada next time. Looks good!
<review# 120,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2013,9/24/2013,62,208,2,4,2>It was the wife's turn to pick a lunch place today. We came here about noon and were promptly seated. I liked the menu cause it was small and not pages and pages to go through. I had the French dip with a side of fruit. The sandwich was HUGE! Lots of meat, cheese, grill onions & tomatoes too. The roll it came on was really soft and buttered then put on the grill to get a nice crunch:-) The side of fruit was banana, 2 types of melon, grapes, pineapple & apple. The wife had corn beef or pastrami sandwich. It had thick pieces of meat on it. No thinly sliced stuff.Very reasonable prices, HUGE portions & friendly waitress. What's not to like.
<review# 121,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2011,9/8/2011,81,202,14,13,10>I hear this place calling my name in the middle of the night....Have you ever wondered how much time you spend in the aisles of CVS Pharmacy or Rite Aid weeding through their cards, thinking "this is so DUMB/not the sentiment I am thinking of"?  Spare yourself any further boredom and use the time to go to Downtown Mill Valley and visit this place.   It very well could just be me, because I have brought friends here who have had 'enough' after being here 10 minutes.  I could stay for hours.  There's something about a place that sells X-rated greeting cards and gag-gifts that completely satisfies me.Don't worry, I think there were cards that were appropriate for my "Easily Offended Super Religious  Father's Second Wife" as well, but I can't quite remember.  If not, just stop at Rite Aid real fast for that crap.
<review# 122,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2011,9/7/2011,99,207,7,7,3>(((Also posted on Mill Valley)))(pardon my language)If you like to shake your ass, this is the place to do it!(ok language better from here on out)Let's talk about fitness with fun, dancing is the way to go. I've checked out Jacquie's Cardio Hip Hop and Beginners Hip Hop classes, they are both amazing. She's a great teacher and kicks your butt. Cardio hip hop is easy to follow and keeps your heart rate up, not to mention you are drenched with sweat by the time it's over. Jacquie also adds in a FREE weight training session to the end of both of her classes. Yeah, I said it, FREE... Whatever Jacquie says to do, I do it. Check out her body, she knows what she's doing.I dragged a friend of mine to Tika's "Zumba" class, zumba with quotes because it's not your normal zumba. Tika is all about the dance more then fitness and I appreciate that. Though I'm not drenched in sweat as much as Jacquie's cardio class, I appreciate the movement and feel Tika brings to her version of zumba. I'm a huge fan and I've been frequenting both Fairfax and Mill Valley studios at least 3 times a week. If you're looking for a great way to burn calories and having fun doing it. Check out the above mentioned classes. I'm a huge fan!
<review# 123,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2010,9/6/2011,86,345,3,4,6>I seriously love this place. We thought we had ordered the perfect amount of food last night. WRONG! We ordered way too much because everything is so good we couldn't decide. Boyfriend had the Chile Rellano(sp?) and it was gigantic. The biggest I've ever seen. It was very tasty. I had two cheese pupusas. I loooooooooooooove the cheese that seeps out and then sticks on the griddle and becomes crispy. it's basically to die for. The chicken pasteles were spot on, as usual. Boyfriend also ordered the chicken tamale which is gigantic and awesome and wrapped in banana leaf. Yum! The horchata at this place is mighty mighty fine. And best of all... they're expanding! They took over the space next door and so now there will be twice the seating room. Thank god! this place is normally packed. Love, love, love this spot! Consistent, fast, delicious and CHEAP!
<review# 124,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2011,9/5/2011,423,254,1,6,2>Went back to Hop Kiln a few months ago; definitely on the upswing; new owners, new staff, new investment, talented young new winemaker; its showing, in their new HK brand; pinot, chard, and if you can get it, Pinot Grigio. On top of stopping for the wine and the grounds, their tasting room sells an awesome assortment of mustards, oils, vinegars and more. If you are a foodie, you will buy something :)Also, a new tasting room in Glen Ellen/Kenwood is now open, I need to go check out.
<review# 125,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2011,9/4/2011,265,769,,5,4>This was the only place in Sonoma County  that I could find a Pullman's loaf pan for making bread $31.00 - which is the exact same price it would have been had I ordered it online, and then I would have had to pay shipping and not been able to see what I was buying prior to purchase. They Ladies are wondeful, and fun!  All of the are knowledgable about the products they sell. Yes, they are a little more than the kitchen store or bed bath and beyond, but there are items there you can't find anywhere else.  So totally worth it. Shop local!  love them, and I can't wait to come back!
<review# 126,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/9/2011,9/3/2011,87,152,13,19,11>Curiosity brought me in as I pass by this place often.  The idea of all organic material in your bed is great.  The practice is probably great too, if you have the funds.  We're talking about $3,000 when you get a mattress with the frame and a couple pillows.   So, I just bought a wool pillow for $90.  Holy Cow! you might say.  But no, Holy Lamb! is more like it.
<review# 127,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/2/2011,9/2/2011,415,316,1,9,7>I am running between a review of A-OK or Yay I'm a Fan. Wonderful nice service. Very welcoming as you walk in the door and sit at the table. Bart was our waiter and he couldn't off been more helpful. Bart really went the extra mile when it came to pleasing us with what type of wine we might like to have. Parking is horrible... worst than horrible.. however that is part of the fun of living in Sausalito, also part of the not so much fun. Bart was great about suggesting items we might enjoy for dinner. Food was good... just not above average. This place can become a tourist trap on weekends, again that is the pros's and con's of living in Sausalito so it isn't their fault. I would go back since it is very close to where I live... Different strokes for different folks... it didn't "WOW" me nor did it "Disappoint" me.They only serve beer and wine just in case you care.
<review# 128,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2011,9/1/2011,259,650,10,12,9>In Farsi, the same word is used to say "lemon" and "lime," which explains this evening's conversation with the proprietor of this immaculate new Mediterranean/Middle Eastern market:   ME:  "Do you think this could be used in place of dried lime?" (asked while holding up a cellophane wrapped package reading "dried lemon" in English followed by Farsi). :  HIM:  "It may BE dried lime" ME:  "Huh??"  I felt like I was spinning on a mobius strip.  Whether my dried lemon turns out to actually be dried lime remains to be seen, but there's a lot of other things to see here:  Shelves lined with colorful fresh fruits (limes?!),and vegetables (eggplants and more), rosewater, hummus, tea, grape leaves, cured meats, yogurt drinks, pomegranate molasses, rice,  falaffel mixes, and all sorts of other things that I hope to someday figure out what to do with.    It makes me want to pull out my Arabic and Mediterranean cookbooks and plan my next gourmet night.    Welcome, Olive Market!  Khosh Amadid!
<review# 129,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2010,8/31/2011,0,12,2,3,3>Excellent gelato. I love the Coppa Mista. The dark chocolate combined with espresso gelato is incredible. Here's a hint though, don't have a coffee-based ice cream near bedtime as you may not be able to get to sleep.Cups seem small for the price until you realize just how dense the ice cream is.Seems appropriate after having pizza a couple of doors down to stroll over on a warm night and really make it an Italian evening.There are a couple of seats in the back overlooking the creek but the wood floors are a bit worn and need refinishing.Not sure what the comment about being served with a spatula was about, I've never seen gelato served with an ice cream scoop, it's always been served with spatula, even in Tokyo. How else would you pack a cup?
<review# 130,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2011,8/30/2011,88,12,1,3,4>Love it here. Amber at front is super friendly, atmosphere is clean, calm and professional. Therese is really talented and I enjoyed her calm, friendly disposition. She taught me home care so I didnt feel helpless with my hair when I left. Highly reccomend!!
<review# 131,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2008,2/27/2008,321,372,1,5,6>The only sushi place I know that comes with it's own wine bar. It's a bit spendy, and they are not always open when you would like them to be, but the food is good and tasty, and the rolls are fairly yummers.It's definitly not an every day sushi joint, it's someplace you might want to go for a special occasion, or if you just  feel like having some really good sushi and a glass of wine. I like the wine part. The wine bar next store alone gives this place an extra star.
<review# 132,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2008,2/26/2008,108,93,2,4,4>I had a totally kick ass experience here, from the initial phone call to my actual visit at the store. I talked with Pam, the manager of the store earlier this week cuz I wanted to buy a ski/snowboard rack for the top of my car that I had found online. She said they had one in the store and she put it on hold for me to pick up later in the week...this was super awesome because it was waaaay on sale (a terrific deal, Thule and under $100) and usually stores won't do this sort of thing with sale items. At the store I was helped by a nice gentleman who got the rack for me, checked to make sure it would work on my car (on both the computer and by actually looking at my car), and offered to take it out the car for me...it weighed like 10 lbs, I'm strong, I can handle it! haha, anyway, they are great if you are looking for a rack, a thule or yakima box to go on top of your car, or if you are looking for a trailer. You can rent their products for a reasonable price if you want to check them out first and you can turn in your old items, get credit and upgrade to new ones when the time comes. You can also order online and pick up at the store or have it delivered to you. They have like 6 stores in Northern California so they are pretty easy to get to wherever you are...assuming you are in Cali of course, but honestly, where else would you be?
<review# 133,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2008,2/25/2008,170,264,,3,3>Great new toy store in Strawberry Village with unique gifts for kids of all ages.This store has nearly everything: reproduction old wood toys, books, Thomas the Train, stuffed animals, learning toys, r/c bugs, ride on toys, fairy princess attire... You can get overwhelmed in this place, but you won't. The staff is friendly. The owner is taking suggestions & is willing to listen. She is going to be a successful business owner because she cares what the locals want.I didn't get what I came for, but the owner is going to find the item & start carrying it next month. I couldn't possibly leave empty-handed. There are just too many good things here. Sit in the little area for reading or testing toys or let the kids play while you shop. You'll love the layout & I'd be very surprised if you leave without a toy or 10! I will be back for birthday, holiday & any time presents. The card selection alone was worth stopping in!
<review# 134,isUSA=TRUE,1.0,2/15/2008,2/24/2008,163,290,8,17,5>5 stars for Monique Sukkar, DDS.I am a complete sissy when it comes to dentists.  I shun them. Until now. My dental plan through Kaisers sucks (delta dental), so I signed up through Blue Cross for a VERY reasonable dental plan and this is the group I am assigned to.Dr. Sukkar is very nice, informative and gentle. She knows her stuff. I am not going to run away anymore, but face dental issues head on. I am woman, hear me ROAR :DZERO STARS NOW! UPDATE: 3-15-08. As much as I love the dentist, I do NOT like being ripped off by their financial practices. They have quoted me $695.00 for some work, and my copay is only $404.00 for it. They have added things to a "dental hygiene package" which consists of mouth rinse and toothpaste! What, does it have GOLD in it??? I brought the fact up that my copay for this treatment is $404.00 not the $695.00 they want to overcharge me, and yet, they will still not  honor my insurance copay, which legally, they are required to since they are a blue cross provider. They are out of compliance. I am going elsewhere since they are greedy. I am having the same work done elsewhere for my copay price. They can take their extra $291.00 they wanted to charge me and stick it where the sun don't shine. I suggest that if they want you to pay over your copay cost, you investigate it. They are doing some rather illegal bookkeeping and dental practices.
<review# 135,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2007,2/23/2008,71,61,,3,4>This woman is a bonafide miracle worker! She practices NAET, Neurolink, BEST, and other alternative modalities. Although a D.C., Chiropractic is just a small part of the services she provides. When I described what she did to a friend, my friend called her "the witch doctor" so that's my shorthand since then when I talk about her to my friends.I have been seeing her for quite a while now, and she not only helped me with my allergy to my current cat and my former cat, but also lots of other health issues that Western doctors couldn't touch. It has been well worth my time (in travel to Marin and time away from work and other things) and money (for most people, her treatments would be strictly out-of-pocket, not covered by insurance). Sometimes we butt heads, usually when we talk about what foods I (should not) eat, but her treatments have always ultimately been beneficial.Unlike some other Chiropractors, she doesn't advertise. She doesn't do X-rays. She doesn't have staff or a big fancy office to support. She does sell supplements, vitamins, and homeopathic tinctures for which she assesses your need beforehand.If you are frustrated after years of the runaround from traditional medicine or maybe other alternative practitioners, this is the place to go, just keep an open mind. Her full schedule bears testament to her success.Her office is NOT handicapped-accessible. Ample street parking in bucolic Gerstle Park.-----------UPDATE 3/21/08: Dr. Chin is closing her practice due to a personal long-term crisis. She sent me a laundry list of practitioners (all in Marin) for referrals based on your preferred modailty, and that in itself spoke to her multimodal talents. I'll miss her and will be looking for a practitioner closer to home.
<review# 136,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2007,2/22/2008,71,15,9,7,9>I don't know what to say other than: Enough with the accolades for San Francisco burritos, especially the ones in the mission.How can I say this without sounding bombastic? Well, here it is: Mexicans don't eat burritos. You know you are a gringo when you order a burrito at a taqueria. You should be ordering a taco, but instead you're wondering where to get a good burrito in Marin. Las Calandrias needs to be loved for what it is: a taqueria. A wonderfully tantilizing taqueria. that offers tasty food via friendly and efficient service. I recommend you try some tacos al pastor. It's a personal favorite because of the countless times that I've enjoyed their preparation of the meat. The marinade is not overpowering which is well-appreciated and thus the pineapple and onions remain the stars. By the way, don't let my comment about mexicans not eating burritos deter you from enjoying one at Las Calandrias. Their burritos are a big deal really. In terms of length and girth, think about the Jesus candles that you have sprinkled around your home. They're a hair bigger than those!!!Also, you've got to give a big shoutie to the chips that they serve. There are many different kinds of salsa available, but the salsa verde is my favorite. There is also an extra-hot salsa available made with god knows what, but last time I checked there was a disclaimer right next to it. God I love Las Calandrias so much; it makes me sad that I don't live two blocks away from it anymore. Just in case you were wondering what "Las Calandrias" means in English: chalk-browed mockingbird. A lady spent five minutes explaining that to me one time and I forgot, so I had to look it up online just now. I feel pretty bad for wasting her time. Go get some Las Calandrias right now and tell them Italiano sent you.
<review# 137,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2007,2/21/2008,0,97,1,4,4>Just thought I'd add my 2 cents ... my wife and I came here (Feb. 2007) and were treated very graciously by both the staff and the kitchen. When we asked if they had a tasting menu with wine to go with it, the server consulted with the kitchen and ended up creating a very generous 7 course meal with matching wine at a great price.All of the food we had was, in our opinion, very good, and occasionally really mind-blowing. There were other diners in the restaurant, and almost all of them were ordering food with that infamous "When Harry Met Sally" style:Waitress: Hi, what can I get ya?  Sally: I'd like the chef salad please with the oil and vinegar on the side and the apple pie a la mode.Waitress: Chef and apple a la mode.Sally: But I'd like the pie heated and I don't want the ice cream on top I want it on the side and I'd like strawberry instead of vanilla if you have it if not then no ice cream just whipped cream but only if it's real if it's out of a can then nothing.Waitress: Not even the pie?Sally: No, just the pie, but then not heated.Waitress: Uh huh.Sally: What?Despite that fact, our waiter remained gracious with all the tables when I would have been pulling my hair out. One lady was in fact "allergic to wine" so the waiter had to consult with the kitchen on every dish. I guess she doesn't know why this place is called AVA?Anyway. I just have to comment on "Toni P"s review, which ranks right up there with the most annoying review I've read in a while. I've worked in over 20 restaurants in my life, from dishwasher to food runner to host to waiter to bartender to manager to co-owner and have never heard a restaurant owner so upset and confused over what are absolutely standard restaurant practices of corkage fees and tax and tips.As far as corkage fees go, everyone says -- call ahead, ask if they are nice enough to let you open a bottle, then ask how much is the corkage fee? If you don't like the answers to your questions, don't go or drink their wine, right? I'd like to point out it also says in big letters "CORKAGE FEE $18" on the menu. And most people only bring a really special bottle of wine to restaurants (unless they're just cheap), and most restaurants mark up wine by about 250-300 percent, so if you were bringing a $50 bottle of wine you'd expect to pay about 100-150 dollars for it, so the restaurant is actually really being nice by saving you $40-$90 a bottle, and they're the ones who are losing on the deal, not you, because they're only making an $18 profit rather than the $40-90 they would get if you bought a bottle at their restaurant.Continuing my rant (and I admit that is what it is), their menu also says in big letters, "20% gratuity added to parties of 6 or more" so once again, I don't understand how you are so surprised, and I can't imagine how you think it's appropriate to have the server get the hostess and then call the owner to try and get this resolved when I can't see how the heck you were confused in the first place. Automatic gratuity on parties of 6 or more is so commonplace that I can't recall not seeing it on a single menu in years.Finally, I'm so amazed at the depths of your penny-pinching that I can't help looking at your figures. 6 of you had a bill and your tax was only $15, and that $15 was "rounded up" so (since tax here in San Anselmo is about 8.25%), your meal (including your corkage fees) came to about $176 before tax and $191 after tax. Now in my entire life (and I've been out with some real cheapskates) I've never actually heard of anyone who didn't tip on the entire bill -- I've never known anyone who took the time to subtract the tax out and then tip on the remainder, but whatever, at this point I'll believe anything.So what it all comes down to in the end is, after spending $191 dollars on a meal, the difference between tipping on $176 vs tipping on $191, at 20% even, is less than three dollars. And that $2 and change was enough to make you tie up the waiter, tie up the hostess, make them get the owner on the phone and make all of you "sad" and "bitter" and make you create a Yelp account to leave one single review about how horrible AVA is. But, I'm glad to hear you "chatted on the patio after dinner and said good bye to both the server and the hostess" -- I'm sure they were thrilled.Anyway, I'm done. I'll upload their menu in the hopes that no one else runs into the same confusion as Toni did.
<review# 138,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2008,2/20/2008,103,336,1,4,5>We just had dinner here and it was great!  They don't have the fancy, adventurous mayo-based stuff that other, more popular places have and that's ok with me.  We ordered edamame, gyoza, unagi special roll, scallop special roll, prawn and avocado roll, spider hand roll, the Samurai Castle and another unagi special roll.  Jeff claims that the unagi special roll is the second best sushi roll he's ever eaten.  Wow.  The Samurai Castle was a dinner special: miso soup, cucumber salad, 3 differnt pieces of sushi, tuna sashimi, garlic chicken, salmon teriyaki, bowl of rice and green tea ice cream.  The presentation was cool - the sushi, sashimi and cucumber came out in a three-tiered castle-like container.It was a ton of food and we had a great time.  I got one of those big Asahi bottles to wash everything down.  The service was a bit slow, but it wasn't bad.  Our total bill?  $78 - which INCLUDED tax and tip.  How awesome is that??  We will definitely be back!
<review# 139,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2007,2/19/2008,10,17,4,3,3>Like-o Picco Mucho!  Ok, so, it's kinda trendy, kinda swanky, has little foofy foods and foofy drinks.  My kind of place!Actually, most of the dishes we had were pretty damn good.  If you can afford to get a bunch of dishes (take your friends) you'll have a pretty sweet meal.  It's hard to figure out the size of the entrees.  Some are big, some aren't, but they generally tasted pretty good.  This way you get to eat a variety of things.  Like snobby tappas or a fancy buffet.Anyways, I remember having some good cocktails, the beignet  shrimp, the tiny burgers, some pasta stuff, and more.  All pretty darn good.  I'll go back.We brought a pretty big group on a Friday night, didn't have reservations and they gave us a room to ourselves.  We didn't mind waiting, we had some drinking to do and I had my wisdom teeth removed that day.  The room to ourselves made the wait more than worth it.
<review# 140,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/23/2008,2/18/2008,352,403,4,8,7>I got to try Dragon Cafe today.  For a quick Chinese lunch, it's pretty reasonable.  I rate these guys higher than Happy Garden on Bel Marin Keys, mainly based on taste.  Unlike Happy Garden, Dragon Cafe didn't do the soy sauce overload, making the food much more palatable.Both establishments have pretty meager interiors, it doesn't seem to dissuade Dragon Cafe's customers.  The place was filling up pretty quickly by noon.  The Lunch specials are priced at around 7 dollars, and come with a bowl of soup.
<review# 141,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/29/2007,12/22/2007,115,42,9,10,8>The fact that I am the first to review this may explain some of my confusion in regard to this farmer's market.I'd always been told that San Rafael had the best farmer's market in the Bay Area, on Thursday nights. Last Thursday (September 28) was the last market of the season, so the Mr. and I drove up from the city.You can imagine our surprise when we saw a variety of discount clothing stands (which farm did those come from?) and heard the loud cover bands doing classic rock hits.In defense of the market, there was no shortage of prepared food stands. We only indulged in the delicious belgian waffles (we had dinner plans after) but the other stands were incredibly tempting: Greek food, New Orleans food, rotisserie, tacos, etc. Also, we bought a peach pie from a pastry stand that my husband referred to after tasting as, "the pie he's been waiting for." The produce was up to par as well.All in all, it was a good farmer's market but nothing to write home about. Did I mean to go to the San Rafael Civic Center one? Am I confused?
<review# 142,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2007,12/21/2007,3,10,3,5,4>Talk about appropriately named. I love this "mobile rotisserie unit". I first discovered Chicken Hooray! at the Farmer's Market and whaddya know....  the truck sits off the 101 exit at the Mill Valley heliport on Wednesdays from 3-7:30 or 8 PM. I have friends coming over tonight, so in a pinch I called to confirm the truck's location. The manager took my name and called the truck to put a chicken and side of potatoes on hold for me for pick-up. Brilliant! For $15 I'll have a whole, tender, moist chicken and a side of rosemary potatoes to feed the gaggle of girls arriving at my door step tonight. Hassle free and good eats. Thanks Chicken Hooray!  Update: Chicken Hooray! took a break for the winter and will be back in Mill Valley starting in April. In the meantime, you can pick up you chicken at Treasure Island on Thurs nights.
<review# 143,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2007,12/20/2007,235,1028,6,7,7>Cute lil coffee house & eatery ... Has great salads, and man, is it ever HUGE (kinda like Mixt Greens // Pluto, except you get to be creative @ Plutos and Plutos' cheaper!) (iknow because I got a side of it for my lunch and took a few bites outta my coworkers), bagels, breakfast, housespecials, combination plates (more Mediterranean plates) & hot and cold sandwiches...   If you know me, I'm always about trying something new and something extraordinare, and I'm a risk taker. I love tofu. I grew up with tofu. Tofu soup, fried tofu, anything tofu EXCEPT FOR CHINESE STINKY TOFU... no thank you. i may love my chinese boys but stinky tofu is sure suh~tinkkkkkkkkkkkkkity...I've pretty much tried every burger: turkey, chicken, beef, pork, but TOFU burger, that was the first, and I really liked it. For $7, it was served like an ordinary burger with tofu and with a side of salad, and man, it was filling and good to go! The guys are super friendly, and always cracking jokes. I dunno if this is how it operates normally, but it was my 2nd time today and they remembered me, and greeted me by my first name, now, that's awesome! Great place to stop by for those who work in the San Rafael area.Their breakfast crossaints are roughly $4-5, and it's good too! YUM
<review# 144,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2007,12/19/2007,9,41,6,11,11>Who doesn't love Legos? Okay, I don't, but my girls and their dad love 'em! To me they are annoying pieces of pokey things that stab my unsuspecting soles and clog up the vaccum, but to them these little blocks and cubes and pieces of primary color plastics are magical molecules, the basic materials of engineering to bring the products of their imagination to life. We have a large tub of Legos as well as complete sets at my house. Chances are you don't. Chances are,  a lot of you wish you did. But I'm willing to venture a guess that most of you would rather be caught with a box of sex toys than a tub of Legos under your bed. Then the Marin Engineering Center is just the place for you. It is a place with floor to ceiling Legos, any shape or color you could possibly want, arranged in neat stacks of plastic tubs. For $8 an hour you can let your child or your inner-child loose and, well, play with Legos. My daughter happily spent an hour there building a fancy motorized vehicle. To my relief, we managed to leave without succumbing to the lure of hundreds of kits for sale by not only Legos, but Erector, K'NEX, Gundam, Mega, Zoids, RC Vehicles, and more.Play-Well, the group that runs this place, also has workshops, classes and camps. They also hosts birthday parties at their center and they will also come to your house.Unless you can get to the Mecca, Legoland down near San Diego, this place will do for your Lego fix.
<review# 145,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2007,12/18/2007,211,461,6,7,7>Nature. We should all bond with it every now and again and admittedly some of us do more than others. Yeah, you can get me walk my happy ass up and down Polk Street in heels puffing away on a cigarette but taking a hike? That can just reek of effort. However, one trip out here can put me in the mood to hike for hours. Something about lush green canopies, large tree trunks surrounded by overgrowth and the smell of fresh wet dirt just feels uplifting you know? Just happy and healthy and mind clearing and soul nuturing. It feels like my lungs can't get enough clean air. The fog nestles itself amongst the branches and kind of hugs the trees giving this peaceful atmosphere to the grove suspending belief that yes, there is a large metropolis within a half hours drive. To have such a delightful natural commune so close to us Bay Area residents is just so awesome and to not take advantage is just plain wrong.Here are some helpful hints for you if you've never been....1. Consider the parking problem. Seriously, you won't be the only person out there with this idea today. Particularly if the temparature cooperates and isn't freezing (more on that later). Plenty of places offer shuttles for a nominal fee and the drive isn't fun if you are person who gets carsick. 2. Your attire. I'm thinking layers for you honey. Better to tie your sweatshirt around your waist if you're hot than shiver your cold self. Trust me you'll probably be taking it on and off half the day anyway; it's just good to have options you know?3. Buy a map and try and have some sort of game plan. Yes, you can modify your course depending on whether you are a slackass or just too cool for school and can cruise along at a healthy clip (and to the latter group-pth! on you showoffs). Obviously if you stick to the main path you will communing less with nature and more with Bob and Judy from Ohio and their 3 kids. Determine what's best for you on the map if you want to take a detour. After you've been once you'll probably want to explore the trails (which range from "this isn't so bad and it's so pretty" to "oh my god what the hell was I thinking? they're going to find my body out here!"). Just have a game plan is all I'm suggesting....oh and use the bathroom. Do not allow yourself to become subject of a joke where a "friend" was supposed to be watching the trail for you as you went number one  only to have the lookout lie to you causing a near pee related catastrophie! P.S. If you want a mental picture of what Muir Woods looks like/ have a friend who spends a bit too much time in front of computer and likes SciFi, think Return of The Jedi where the Ewoks live. Yeah, I believe those scenes were filmed around there. Kind of trippy to think of little Ewoks running around Muir Woods. Glad they aren't there. Furry little fuckers would ruin the peace more so than an uncontrollable 4 year old from Ohio would do.
<review# 146,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2007,12/17/2007,95,134,31,20,19>**I take issue with SRMC being labeled a "religious organization."**Let's just say that I'm not a very good yogi.  In my own defense, my recent stint at SRMC was my first attempt at meditation.  And it's a lot harder than it looks, both physically as well as mentally and emotionally.  It's not that I'm devoid of spirituality, but I prefer my contemplation with action, if you please.  That's because I am a problem-solver.  I'm a do-er.  I'm a fixer.  And, I'm slightly obsessive about it.  If there isn't a problem to fix, then I'll likely create one by over-analyzing a situation, effectively morphing a positive or benign experience into my next conquest.Despite the benefits such a trait provides me professionally, it's not exactly a healthy way to live.  So, instead of following the road that will only lead me to stashing whiskey in  my file cabinet, I decided to try meditation.  But, as I said, I'm not a very good yogi.  When we first arrived at SRMC, the organizers introduced themselves and there was a woman who was a bit older (about 65 or so) with a bald head and I thought, "Oh how powerful.  She's battling cancer yet she's still dedicated to her practice."  Um, turns out, she's a monk.  Yeah, kinda missed that one.And I'd be lying if I said that I wasn't trying desperately to get cell phone service throughout the retreat.  Even hiked to the top of one of the hills to see if I could.  Sad, I know.  And I snuck in Splenda.  And an Elle magazine.  And I forced my roommate to talk to me when we were supposed to be respecting "noble silence" (it's not like I had to hold a gun to her head, although she insisted on whispering, which I just didn't understand since we were breaking the rules anyway).  And I freaked when I realized that dinner would be vegetable soup every night.  And I skipped some of the group discussions because I honestly couldn't bear to listen to some of the chodes (aka "other retreatants") whine (aka "contemplate" or "share") anymore.  Whoopsie!  Yogis aren't supposed to judge.  (What's the fun in that?!)Despite my resistance, I learned so much during the 3-day retreat.  This experience taught me how to create some space in my mind, to breathe, to try to live in the moment as much as I can---and to appreciate those times when I actually do but not to judge myself when I waffle---and to fully experience the delights that life presents while they are presented.It's not like I'm gonna trade in my Marc Jacobs for Birkenstocks or start walking around with a patronizing (aka "enlightened") smile and a cushion.  But I think there is something to be said for spending time to just be in your body and not in your mind, likely light years from the experience unraveling before you, right then, right now.
<review# 147,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2007,12/16/2007,104,153,4,7,7>God, how I love this store. Any kind of game you could possible imagine, from Call of Cthulu-style role-playing games to Cranium to those Host Your Own Murder Mysteries that go so well with fancy dress and a dry martini, is here. And I have bought the sexiest dice and cards and poker accessories here for card nights. The store is a pleasure to visit; I go all the way to San Rafael to get my game stuff rather than shopping closer and less inspiredly to home--and I don't even drive a car. It is easy to navigate, soundtracked by really fantastic music whenever I have been there, and populated by an abundance of some of the coolest and most clever people I have encountered at any one retail spot lately, that's for certain. Now if you know me, you know I like to get my dork on. But the thing is that- like Isotope comic lounge, its sexy (unrelated) cousin to the south- Gamescape doesn't smack of dorkdom even a little. Quite unlike this reviewer.
<review# 148,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2007,12/15/2007,57,257,3,3,2>Wow. These people do melted cheese RIGHT!!!! It's been awhile since I've had the chance to  slather up some Maya Palenque, but, even now just thinking about it sets my taste buds (and thigh fat) a-fluttering. Enchiladas, baby. And chips, and salsa... and melted cheese. Yum.
<review# 149,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2007,12/14/2007,104,322,4,6,3>I have recently re-discovered Trader Joe's... The one in Indy was considered over priced and stuffy. Here in Marin it is affordable and fun. Oh, how attitudes change when you cross miles and miles.The one downfall for me, is that I feel like I need to take Xanax before trying to park here. The same goes for Costco but that is like TJ's parking on steroids. I have to say how much I love the fact that this store has the best snack food selection! This is important when you have a toddler, you need something tasty, but more importantly it needs to be healthy and fun!Great cracker selection, cheese puffs, and peanut butter filled pretzels!I love their frozen 'green with envy' bag o' veggies with asparagii, green beans, broccoli, edamame, and spinach. All IQF so it cooks up easily, quickly, and crisp!The frozen berry mix really is great to for smoothies and margaritas!I am updating to 5 stars, I have decided the prices cannot be beat, and I now go early in the morning (8 or so) and avoid the parking hysteria!
<review# 150,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2007,12/12/2007,0,0,2,4,3>I think I am in love again... I am in love with Table Cafe that is!DOSAI.... this heavenly fluffy light crepe pancake like thing that makes a long wonderful wrap filled with mouth-watering organic varieties... are just FANTASTIC.  My husband, my baby and I shared a grilled chicken and goat cheese dosai and a special steak and caramelized onion dosai, and because they were soooo good, we ordered another dosai with scrambled egg and curried potato.  Oh... my.... god.... They were all so good that my mouth is watering just by thinking about them again.Besides the heavenly dosai, they have wonderful salads, baked goods (try the homemade scone!!!  WOW!), and drinks.... this is a true find for me.  They have tasty sounding take-out dinners as well.  Pleasant and tasteful space, friendly people, GREAT HEALTHY FOOD!  What else can you ask for?  Really, go have a dosai as soon as you can.  I bet you will fall in love too.
<review# 151,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2014,8/18/2014,62,68,3,4,6>Not your average shopping center restaurant. Boca delivers a family friendly, casual and relaxed approach to the traditional neopolitan style. The interior decor is simple with worn wood that gives it a warm feel. I like that you can enjoy watching the game at the bar or in the cozy nearby booth, very nice for small groups. The outdoor patio is large enough to seat 50 or so and is quite nice in the evenings, the overhead heaters kept us nice and toasty even with the slight breeze in the air. My date and I enjoyed the beet salad, burrata, moist and flavorful meatballs, porcini stuffed raviolli, delicate beef braised shortribs and a couple different kinds of wood fired pizza. We loved each thoughtful dish, the staff were curteous and polite, just a lovely evening overall. We'll surely be back.
<review# 152,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2014,8/17/2014,248,493,6,10,9>This is exactly the right food in exactly the right spot with exactly the right service and quality.St Helena is beautiful, we all know - this is why we come, that and the world class wine and eateries. I am not at home in an overly done stressy snobby place and this is not that. The food lives up to that stature, and the service does as well - but you won't pay astronomical prices, you won't feel out of place and you won't be disappointed in your food.Rutherford is perfect due to it's accessibility while still being extremely high-service oriented. We ordered the cornbread to start and it is the cornbread of a restaurateur's dreams. Served in a skillet, it is more than you thought cornbread could be. Crumble topping, northern style (meaning slightly sweet), full of cheddar and green chilies, this is really the way to start or accompany any meal.Mains of Steak and Enchilada Platter and Roasted Chicken Salad, these two were just what you imagined and hit the spot. I wanted something light, hence the salad and that is just what it is - different with it's jicima and corn additions, accented with toasted tortilla strips, this was a no-frills salad that did it's job.Heavier and full of flavor was the Steak and Enchilada plate - I don't think you could have gotten more great taste out of that cut and the enchiladas were cheese and butternut squash - a delight with a mildly spicy sauce all served with a crunchy cucumber tomato goat cheese salad and this was the hit of the evening. Well, in competition with that cornbread to be fair!The service was what you would expect from a 5-star location, all women with hair long enough had it swept back professionally, all servers were clean and neat as a pin and all needs were met with a smile.I would happily go back, though I would suggest off-hour visits, as we enjoyed - the line outside this place is legendary.
<review# 153,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2014,8/15/2014,32,69,1,5,5>My husband and I ADORE Chalkboard, from the too-delicious food to the awesome, friendly, down-to-earth staff and atmosphere. This is the only restaurant we dine at during our Healdsburg wine tasting days! Why go anywhere else when you can get amazing, upscale, local food and wine for the same price as the other boring bistros and bar & grills nearby?I have to eat gluten-free and I can have most of what's on the menu. WIN! Otherwise they will happily modify something, or make something yummy just for me! One time they whipped up a batch of cookies so I wouldn't have to salivate as my husband ate a "real" dessert :)One of the things I love the most is how fresh the produce tastes... that would be because most if not all (depending on the season) is grown a few miles away on the Chalk Hill property. They also buy top-quality, local meat. Must try: the shot of pea & crab soup, sliders (I get them without the buns), and the POTATOES - too good!! The gluten-eaters love the tater tots and pork belly biscuits. If you have room, finish your meal with some sorbet - the flavors change daily depending on what they feel like making/what seasonal ingredients are available. Last time they had apricot, coconut, and several others. Go with friends and share everything that tickles your fancy. Your belly will be happy and ready to visit tasting rooms . You'll be in a blissful food-wine coma and will sleep like a baby!
<review# 154,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2014,8/14/2014,74,98,2,4,4>There are some places you don't quite want to get popular. They're your secret places, the places you always want to be able to find a table. A place you can sit and, let's be honest, be a little smug that most people don't know this wonderful thing you do.But then, there's a time to let it shine, to let the world know how you feel about it. To share the love!For ages now, Sushi to Dai For has been my favorite go-to, my sushi mecca, my Happy Hour hideout. A place where I can load up on hot sake and awesome spicy tuna rolls on a rainy day.Check it out - the food is as good as the wordplay on the menu, stellar rolls, everything you want to find in a Sushi restaurant (and a lot of things you didn't know you were looking for), and they get especially high marks for their seasonal specials.Great service, very friendly staff, relaxed space.Oh, and the Happy Hour? Oh man, I won't say anything, suffice it to say if you're at all curious, just try it! And, not only that, but they're also one of the few places that has the late (9pm on) Happy Hour once all the other places are done!I especially recommend the "OH YEAHHH" roll (yes, it says that on the menu), the Udon noodles, and the entire dessert menu is a delicious surprise!
<review# 155,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2014,8/13/2014,23,42,3,7,3>I rarely ever give out 5 star reviews especially to restaurants but China Delight you got me. I live off of Golf Course literally a minute driving distance from this place and I had never gone until my boyfriend told me about it. We went once for my boyfriend's birthday and once on date night and the food both times was exceptional. My brother has also brought home take out. This place is owned by an older Chinese couple and the daughter helps wait on the tables. The wife owner is very friendly and eager to please. You can tell she takes a lot of pride in her business.The food: The food is hands down the best Chinese food I have had anywhere. It is fresh, hot, flavorful and not greasy or gross. The combination chow mein tastes like what I think good Chow Mein should taste like. I have had their Sweet and sour pork, Schezuan Beef, Orange chicken, Chow mein, Kung Pao Chicken and Beef and broccoli. The prices are more expensive then a greasy americanized chinese place (where food sits in its own grease under the heater lamps) but they're definitely worth it and the portions are huge and shareable. My favorites would have to be the Schezuan Beef (sp?)... it's spicy and sweet with garlic and scallions I believe. I can go on but this place is really good. Some dishes don't reheat well so make sure to eat it all right away. This is a good place for sharing... I look forward to trying their lunch specials.
<review# 156,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2014,8/12/2014,33,94,3,5,5>I love Mil Vali salon! Every time I have come here, I have never left disappointed. Being someone who has had long hair pretty much all their life, my long hair was like my prized possession. I would never want to cut it, and hair salons were a big scary place for me. When my friend came to visit with a new haircut that actually looked good, I asked her where she got it done, and she replied with Mil Vali Salon. It was time I finally cut my hair. This was a big step for me, I hadn't cut it in two years. Not only did it look unhealthy, but it WAS unhealthy. I went in and got it cut by Jenny. After it was cut, I liked it. Best haircut I've ever gotten, but it wasn't until next time I showed up that I realized Jenny's haircut wasn't the best haircut to ever be done. I was graduating high school, and needed to highlight my hair (for the first time), and cut it again. I just got surgery, so 2 months at home and in bed weren't the best thing I could do for my hair. I finally went in to MilVali salon where they told me my hairdresser was going to be Tiffany. Okay, she is amazing!!!! Not only did Tiffany give me the best haircut and highlights of my life, but she was so friendly and caring. She held a great conversation. Please come here to get your haircut by Tiffany. She is great! And she will give you exactly what you want for your hair.
<review# 157,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2014,8/11/2014,56,121,2,3,3>Pressed is the best! I love these juices so much, I wish I could have them everyday! They honestly just get it right. I've tried a lot of their juices and I love practically every single one! My favorites are citrus 4, greens 3, greens 5, pineapple pear ginger mint, and strawberry apple coconut. They aren't 100% organic, which is a little frustrating, but they are still more affordable than some of the other juice shops nearby. They also occasionally offer specials on cleanses, which is amazing! When they have a $39 day, you know i'm there all week stocking up on juice. Love ya Pressed :)
<review# 158,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2014,8/10/2014,169,348,3,5,4>How do Iove thee-- let me count the ways.When you walk in, welcomed by the Volcano candle and spectacularly stunning DIY visuals (windows and in-store), its like when you step off the plane after a long vacation, and though its been nice being away (in Anthro's case, nice for your wallet), its always good to be home. My first few moves are through the home section, idling through the latte mugs, door knobs, glasses and cutlerly, and random cookbooks. I'll quickly peruse the active wear/pj section for tanks, cute workout tops that can also be worn for shopping/errand days, then I wander through the main floor with my eyes set on the Sale room. And if the sale has been extended from the room onto the main floor, then I swivel my hair into a bun, slide my phone into my pocket so I can have both hands to navigate through every single individual item, on the hunt for the perfect little onesy items that are usually hidden between other, still too expensive, goodies. I usually walk out of here with a ton of $9.99 items that had been marked down, furthered, and sometimes returned. But I LIVE for those. And I always get compliments, almost no matter what Anthro item I'm wearing. Favorite brands: Anthro's in-house brand Pilcro (denim); One September; Bourdeux. I also get compliments on the vanilla Eau de Perfume perfume spray I get from there. $17 for the most delicious scent on Earth. I can't live without it. The perfume, or Anthro.This is my absolute favorite location. It's the biggest one in the area. Much friendlier gals than SF, and a more relaxing environment than Berkeley. Home section is humongous, and there are several, large rooms to poke around in. The trick with this location is to go piece by piece in the sale room along the right hand wall. That, my friends, is where you will find those goodies that go unnoticed to the average shopper than used to be $100+ that can be all yours for $39.99 or less.... thank me later. Sign up for Anthro membership: first to hear about sales (in store and online), and a yearly birthday discount. There are no return expiration dates, so if you purchase ANYTHING with your membership card (not a credit card), they can go back and find the online receipt and allow you to return the item. Crazy customer-friendly customer service policy. Gotta love it.
<review# 159,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2014,8/9/2014,86,265,7,7,4>If you are craving turkey. This is your place. Kinda looks like a hole in the wall dive bar, and frankly the Tuesday afternoon regulars help reinforce that aspect, but DAMN they know what they are doing with turkey.I had the "mama bird" and it was pretty much a 'day after thanksgiving' sandwich on awesome whole wheat bread and great cranberry sauce. It's one of those sandwiches that you have to fight NOT to get every time you go in. Only knock is the feeling you get that you don't belong when you walk in. I, being in my late 20's expected that. My day, in his mid 60's felt right at home. no doubt he'll go back to have a beer and chat up the other guys in there, haha.
<review# 160,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2014,8/8/2014,56,246,4,3,5>My mom was in town so I brought her here last night for the famous Wednesday night fried chicken dinner. I've sought out fried chicken from various restaurants near and far well known for their fried chicken and I have to say: this is by far the best fried chicken dinner I've ever had.The chicken itself was of course juicy, flavorful and all-around wonderful. Served with the chicken was an AMAZING kugel and roast root vegetables with the slightest hint of orange- maybe zest? The dessert was this over-the-top delicious chocolate sea salt caramel budino. I don't have enough creative writing skills to do this meal justice. It was magical. The place is charming, the owners are so warm and inviting. It will go down as one of the most special meals I've had the pleasure of having in the 7+ years I've lived in Sonoma County.
<review# 161,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/21/2012,10/7/2012,419,792,5,6,3>Its ok.   Had a turkey samich on sourdough.   Bread was good but the rest lacked anything special that i would expect for 9 bucks.  It was small too so dont expect to share.   Keep it for yourself.  In contrast the bear claw was huge!   It would feed a family of 9 for several days.  Taste was not too bad.
<review# 162,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2012,10/6/2012,55,57,,2,1>I tried an oyster for the first time and it was actually pretty good, only because it baked in parmesan and bacon.  I did it, and now I will never eat another again.Cauliflower soup shooters with Black Truffel grilled cheese- this was amazing.  i wish we ordered two and then i could have a whole plate to myself.  the black truffel mostly just tasted like mushrooms but it was fantasticSkillet roasted shrimp with fresno chilies- this was good.  mild, but still too spicy for my wife.  you had to pull the legs and stuff off which is messy but i didnt mind. not mindblowingly good, but goodFoie Gras poppers with avocado and honey- i am allergic to avocado but these things were awesome on their own or with a little honey.  i hate foie gras when it is in a pate form but i love it when its seared/cooked.  this was deliciousPork Belly pot stickers with shiitake mushrooms-  this was really good too.  again, pretty mild but still too spicy for the wife.  it was definately an interesting take on pork bellyPulled Duck BBQ on white cheddar polenta- I let my wife eat most of this because i ate the other spicy dishes.  it was good and not gamey at all.  thats the only way i like duck, i hate that gameyness.  the white cheddar polenta was as good as it soundsFilet Mignon Sliders with creamed spinach- these are always awesome.  melt in your mouth.My wife had the zin flight and i had the Italy flight.  Hers was better than minei used to be partial to Willis Seafood in Healdsburg, but after this outing I am going to say its a tie.
<review# 163,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2012,10/5/2012,13,24,,2,1>Love this place, it's owners and the clerks. I will drive out of my way to make certain that I get our dog's food and accessories here. I'd give a 5 stars but they have a small-ish selection (don't let that stop you. The lines they do carry should take care of most of your dogs/cats needs) and have closed the dog bathing stations.Bottom line is:  Go Pawsarotti's and go local!!! You'll be happy you did.
<review# 164,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2012,10/4/2012,86,345,2,4,2>Fiance and I come here every Sunday. Rarely do we deviate from our regular order and therefore it's always delicious. I have biscuits and gravy al la carte, he has two eggs with hashed browns, toast and bacon. The biscuits are amazing and fluffy. The gravy is the perfect texture, right amount of salt and tiny pieces of meat, almost not even noticeable. And really, what is there to say about eggs? Service can be touch and go but Loreen is an angel. Fast, efficient and super friendly with a nice big smile, almost as if to say, "Welcome home!" We love her and always try to sit in her section. Haven't quite felt the love from anyone else even though we obviously come here plenty often! The baked goods are one of the things I have never tried but would LOVE to. Like, real, homemade cakes and cupcakes and cookies and cinnamon rolls, they all look awesome. Their orange juice is fresh squeezed and delish. It gets busy though and this place is tiny so don't wait until you are starving cause you could be in for a wait. All in all, almost always a pleasant experience.
<review# 165,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2012,10/3/2012,81,202,2,4,3>Fried Chicken, Burgers, PBR's & Pulled-Pork Sandwiches.  Outdoor Dog-Friendly Seating in a groovy setting with friendly, hipster servers.  Lots of other beers on tap & totally normal prices for everything.  You can't not stop in and like this place...they win you over by keeping it real fun and simple.  The world could use a few more places like The Fremont Diner!
<review# 166,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2012,10/2/2012,1,5,,1,1>I love going to this place, esc since I'm gluten free and they have a gluten free dough for their pizza's. They also change their food and cocktail menu regularly to coincide with what is in season at the moment and their cocktails are always freshly made and different then your average drink at a local bar. Great place for a girls night out dinner!
<review# 167,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2011,10/1/2012,19,22,,2,1>Hardrock Beauty is fantastic! Randi does a beautiful job every time and my nails always look great. She is a perfectionist of sorts, so you can always count on the little details to be taken care of. The salon is always clean and inviting. I drive from Sonoma to come here and it is well worth the drive - you won't be disappointed, I promise!
<review# 168,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2012,9/30/2012,78,27,,3,1>I received my order of 6 dozen cupcakes yesterday for a company BBQ and they were a HUGE hit! Melissa was so easy and friendly to work with-- much more personable and attentive than people I have worked with at bakeries in the past. The variety of the menu is great and is sure to have something for everyone. The frosting is awesome as well-- and I usually just scrape it off. Today, I enjoyed two more, and they still tasted super fresh. You won't be sorry for using Foxy Cupcakes-- give Melissa a try!
<review# 169,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2012,9/29/2012,259,650,12,13,16>Fish is your popular, beautiful high school friend who was nice to everyone then went out and made it big in Hollywood.  The rest of the world discovered her and, though you were happy for her, you sometimes felt she had nothing left for you.  You were wrong.  Fish was a great place years ago, before it had a fustercluck of people lined up four-deep out the door and down the side of the building.  Why the popularity?  Well, her waterfront location is casually gorgeous, she serves up the freshest and most interesting sounding well-sourced foods, and she embodies the perfect North of the bridge experience.  If I was vacationing and learned of Fish, it'd be one of the dining experiences I'd plan for and I'd probably finish lunch having ironed out my plans to move here the following week. If you're local already though, those lines can be off-putting, keeping you away from your old friend Fish for years.  On a Sunday afternoon at 4:45 I walked by with no intention to eat and found,,, WHAT?  NO LINE?  Of course this signaled "time to eat".  There's an hour there in late afternoon when Fish serves a limited menu as they transition from day to evening.  Some IPAs, some ceviche, and a waterfront al fresco picnic table later (dog allowed)  and I was in heaven, though significantly lighter in the wallet.  Which brings me to this:  Fish is a bit pricey and their food, to me, is less OMG-NOMNOMNOM and more simple-flavors-that-let-the-freshness-of-the-­ingredients-shine-through than I wish.  I've always left feeling I paid a lot and got a little less flavor on the taste buds than I'd have desired.  Still, I go back.  She's a beautiful old friend and a star, after all.
<review# 170,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2012,9/28/2012,63,158,2,2,2>Incredibly beautiful grounds and gardens, in a gorgeous location on our planet paired with delicious champagnes! Not getting too much better than that. We went in on a Friday afternoon- the tasting room was mellow, with only several couples tasting. We were treated well, and enjoyed every moment of our tasting. We even learned a little more about our personal preferences regarding champagne. We thought we liked extra dry; turns out we prefer 'natural.' We bought a couple of bottles, and loved every drop!We also found the staff to be quite charming and friendly.
<review# 171,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2010,5/7/2011,83,446,,9,5>Today Treemasters removed a 75' Italian Poplar that was growing into my garage. It was on my behind-the-house neighbor's property, and she hired them to do the work. There must have been 7 workers; I watched it off and on all day and it was like watching a precision orchestra. The soundtrack was chain saws and voices of confidence. They took great care and did the entire job using men in the tree and pulleys. A bit of tree debris got on my yard and garage roof and they cleaned it up perfectly. In addition, they did not damage my neighbor's beautiful garden that went up practically to the tree. I would highly recommend them!
<review# 172,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2010,5/5/2011,184,265,2,4,2>I give you guys one more star because my friends dragged me in here, much to my protest, but hot sauce has since been added to this restaurant. That was my biggest gripe before that is now completely irrelevant.That said, it's definitely a California style Mexican place geared toward white Marin folks. Grilly's is good enough when I'm in Fairfax, but I'll probably stick to Mi Pueblo or Taqueria Bahia.
<review# 173,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2010,5/4/2011,307,201,7,5,5>You know what, this place pretty much gets 5 stars just for serving decent Vietnamese food in North Bay where there's really only 2 places that serve Vietnamese food!I was craving pho the other day, and convinced my hubby to stop by there after my ballet class.  I was thinking my body would be wanting goodies like collagen and protein so I ordered pho withh rare beef, brisket, tripe, and tendon.  Plus spring rolls and thai iced tea boba.  To go, because husband was gonna get cranky and wanted to go home asap.  Price was fair, and food was ready real fast.I waited in anticipation in the car until we got home, and opened the bag in delight.  Everything that was there was supposed to be there, onions/bean sprouts, lemon, basil, and hot sauce and hoisin sauce half half in a little seasoning cup.  Perfect.I tossed everything in and murdered that pho, occasionally muttering random pointless things to try to socialize with my mother in law that was visiting while my mind was really only fixated on the food lol.  And it really was a very decent bowl of pho!  Much better than I was expecting to get from a North Bay place.  I saved the spring roll for later because I figured we'd be eating actual dinner soon.  But then after everyone went to bed I went back to the fridge and ate them all.  No one gets between me and my Asian food fix!!!Amen for good Asian food in N-Bay!!!  It's very rare, you know.  I'm happy I tried the place and will be back for more!
<review# 174,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2011,5/3/2011,81,202,11,9,11>Happy New Year.  2011 is the year I resolve to do more favors. Favor #1 of the year happens to benefit those of you on Yelp that are steered in the direction of Feng Nian for lunch or dinner because of me.  Favor #2 to you is that I suggest you try the Honey Glazed Walnut Prawns as one of your dishes when you visit here.  (Prawns marinated in some sort of amazing sauce with sesame seeds and crunchy walnuts!)Favor #3 to you is that you try this place for lunch, when at least 15 of the entrees come with an appetizer, soup and steamed rice for under $9...surprising considering the fancy setting and that most other lunches in Sausalito will cost you close to that just for parking.Which brings me to Favor #4.  Feng Nian is located at the beginning of Bridgeway in Sausalito rather than further down towards the "touristy" area.  This means you will find easy parking and much less hassle than at many other places to eat in town.  Sure, the views are amazing on the other side of Sausalito...but if you are a Marin local, you've seen the view and can save it for after lunch.Finally, Favor #5.  Chinese New Year is on February 3 and it is the year of the Rabbit.  Okay, you probably didn't need me to tell you that last thing...but now you know THAT too.  I have a feeling people are really going to benefit from me in 2011.
<review# 175,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2011,5/2/2011,99,207,3,7,5>FOUND IT! My FAVORITE theater of all time. I don't care if it's small... that's the whole point. It's quaint, it's quiet, well... it's Fairfax. So time to nerd out - took a bike ride over to Fairfax this past weekend and found out the King's Speech was playing. Paid about 13 bucks for two tickets (yes, I said 13 for two) and proceeded into to the theatre only to find out that EACH screen shows movies on a Christie Projector - all DLP. Uhmmm... yes please! and Yes I said EACH screen. The screens were large and the sound was turned way up - just how I like it. This theatre was pretty amazing and a great surprise!I am all about the movie experience and Fairfax Theatre, you've been bumped to number one on my favorite movie theatre list!
<review# 176,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2010,5/1/2011,19,179,5,8,6>As a local, I'm thrilled that the Uptown is finally open (again).  There's a giant amount of small-town drama that makes up the back story, but who cares?  It's open, and the idiot who "owns" the joint doesn't manage it.  In fact, the best thing that the idiot owner has EVER done (and I mean EVER) is that he lets someone else manage it and actually has a booking agent who knows what they're doing.  I've seen three shows here so far, including the opening night (where the aforementioned idiot owner made a fairly racist remark in front of a packed house).  But the folks who run it know what they're doing; the sound is great, the sightlines are excellent, the bar is reasonably priced, and the staff is courteous.  Some other folks here have apparently dinged the venue because of some rowdy folks at the Merle Haggard show, which is a drag, but keep in mind that they had just opened at that time and the operation probably didn't have their "sea legs" yet.  And yes, the security staff seems to be a bit cut-rate, but hey- this is Napa.In short, if you're in the mood to see a show here or in SF, remember: free parking, a dozen excellent restaurants within a 5 minute walk, and a much lower "impact" concert experience.  Go.
<review# 177,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/5/2010,4/30/2011,86,345,5,7,5>I've been back to the Fremont 3 other times now and it's been good. I'm not bumping it up any stars because it's not like anything is BETTER about the place than it was any other time. Mostly, I wanted to update because I think it's super super annoying that they don't have a menu online and I think everyone needs to know about the Shrimp Po'Boy. YUM! Hot, crispy, SPICY, fresh and delicious. You won't be sorry you ordered this. The Chile Rellano... FANTASTIC! Served with grits though, which I think is totally weird and also not that tasty.
<review# 178,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2011,4/29/2011,362,1009,2,2,2>It had been far too long since I'd paid a visit here, so on my birthday (when I was splurging by indulging in some dairy) I picked this location on the sole basis that I had been craving creme brulee for ages.As always, I ordered the butternut ravioli which was - in a word - perfect. As good as it is, the shining star of this meal, the part that pushes it over the edge into that territory, is the toasted sage. Get some.A fresh pour of Moonlight Brewing Pilsner nicely complimented my evening as well.After dinner, the wait staff delivered me a complimentary chocolate tore (with mousse and vanilla creme anglaise) complete with a rendition of Happy Birthday. On top of that, I ordered the aforementioned creme brulee, which was like the cherry on top of my meal.Minus one star because service is kind of slow. But admittedly that's better than feeling like they're trying to turn tables and shove you out the door.I know how easily businesses in Courthouse Square can come and go but there's a reason why places like Flavor stick around for years. I'm so pleased to see how it has succeeded and hope it's around for many more years to come.
<review# 179,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/20/2010,4/28/2011,24,53,1,7,3>Wow this place gets ripped on! lol I guess I'll start with the bad news and end on a happy note: I've definitely experienced the tude by the servers here - and they weren't some young college kids. I don't like generalizations so let it be known some of the people there are really nice! I had asked someone that worked there once about Yerba Mate and they were clueless as to what it was lol I think if you're gunna work somewhere maybe know the menu? I don't like the overbearing loud music on the weekends. It's cool if it's onin the background but it's way too much to hold a convo and I treasure my weekends to hang and converse with friends. Were not there to shout and pound beers. The ice cream shop in the back needs to go. I say 'unlike.' I feel like I'm in some little kids sticky playhouse equipped with odd uncomfortable seating. Does anyone else get a weird vibe from that room? Like your brother and his friends are holding a boys only club mtg. I don't drink coffee but they have a huge selection of other beverages, my faves being the blueberry tea, cherry italian soda, and soy hot chocolates. They could speak to a wider audience with their menu. The sandwich I had was hard n chewy and when I asked for a toasted buttered bagel with cheese on it you'd think I would of asked for a kidney. I had to apply the cold hard butter myself. You have to pay for extra butter here. Be aware of the rules or you'll get the tude.I hate that they put their outlets on lockdown. If you want to spend a few hours working you may as well go to Cafe Azul where you are welcome to outlets galore and a mellow pleasing atmosphere. Oh wait that's another review now isn't  it ;)  They have some amazing desserts - their choc chip cookies rule! And those toffee bars - yum! It's casual and eclectic. They have computers there if you need to google something. Don't mind the riff raff that like to swarm this place. Everytime I go there someone says something crazy to me lol It's pretty entertaining.  All in all this is a great place for meeting friends and people watching.
<review# 180,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2010,4/27/2011,265,769,,12,5>I heart Brandy.  she does a fantastic job on coloring and cutting my hair, and she has done it in such a way that although I have a lot of highlights and beautiful color, it's not so high maintence that I am constantly shelling out money for upkeep.  The multi colored highlights look so natural, and my hair is incredibly soft, even after processing.My cut is incredible too!  I can wash it, spray some "its a 10" in it, comb it through and walk out the door.  no need to style it, it's got a great cut that just falls into place.  The flip side of that, is that I can blow it out and flat iron it to be super straight ala Jennifer Aniston or I can put a few curls in it and big beautiful waves.  It's all so simple and easy, and the cut lends it self to a million and 1 variations (even a pony tail!) prices are very reasonable, the ladies in the salon are really fun, and it's has such an amazing vibe. Not pretentious, just awesome.I have never had as many compliments about how beautiful my hair is from strangers as I have since Brandy has been doing my hair.Go. see her. now.
<review# 181,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2012,6/19/2013,75,155,,4,2>Locally owned and operated for over 30 years...that says something.  You can't beat the service here - you will always be treated as an honored guest.  You wouldn't think it, but they have a fabulous bar and make a mean Mai Thai.  My fiancé and I like to go for date night and order the pre-fix menu for $19.95 per person.  It includes a bottle of wine, soup, an appetizer, and two main course dishes with rice.  It's a ton of food, and the choices on the pre-fix menu are out of this world - overall a smoking deal.  On our last visit, we had wonton soup, crab puff appetizer, almond-pressed duck, and mixed veggies with a bottle of red wine.  If you order items a la carte (family style), things tend to add up and you can spend quite a bit of money.  But again - the food is fresh and high quality, so in my opinion, it's totally worth it.Having just moved back to the San Rafael area, this will definitely be our regular go-to spot for Chinese food!  They value repeat customers, and treat their guests to a leisurely, un-rushed dining experience.  I find that the level of service is the same whether I'm visiting with just one other person, or if I'm with a group of 6.  I've never tried their takeout, but if it's anywhere close to their dine in food, I know I'd be a happy customer.  Give it a try (especially the pre-fix menu), you won't be disappointed!
<review# 182,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2013,6/18/2013,162,206,2,5,3>I'm the second owner of my house and have lived in it for 5 years.  My family and I are also very clean people and we vacuum regularly with the powerful Dyson.  We do not wear shoes inside our house, but of course we have 2 dogs and they made a few accidents so I contacted Steve at Knox Carpet Care after reading his Yelp reviews.  Steve was very nice over the phone and he quoted me $39 per room plus a bit more for the stairs.  Seemed fair to me, so I agreed, we made an appointment.  Steve arrived to our scheduled appointment on time, and did all the work him self.  He was very fast but through.  He even move all furniture off the carpet so I could have clean carpet under large furniture areas too.    He did a fantastic job and he didn't charge me any more than the quoted price, which I appreciated.  I have sense used Knox 2 addition times and each time, he has been professional and always does a great job!
<review# 183,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2013,6/16/2013,308,86,1,4,3>I love this little gem of a place in Healdsburg located in the downtown area of H Town. They are my chosen bakery for Sonoma county.  Hmmmm, where do I begin to descibe the goodness? Their cakes are creations, wonderful bliss as are ALL of thier baked goods.. Their fresh bread is To Die For! They are also a cafe with so many offerings. It is a great place for breakfast, brunch or lunch. When I worked on the Plaza, I used to get lunch there most Sundays. I love the their Quiche whic rivals my own. The crust is flaky perfection, the contents are just the right blencd of ham, cheese and all the other things a good Quiche should have. It is served with a fresh melange of seasonal fruit. The sandwiches are great as well. Ther is not one thing that you can go wrong with at Costeaux and their mascot, Maggie, will agree.. You get the high rating of four..
<review# 184,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2013,6/15/2013,222,110,2,5,4>I came into my office today and noticed the side window of my building broken. Its pretty shocking when you get vandalized and the sad thing is that places that you would call for help usually know that you are in shock so most of them seem to want to take advantage of the situation and charge as much as they can. My assistant called about 4 other places to get price quotes and Jack Smith Glass gave the lowest bid and was available to go today. Well when Joey came in, he was very professional, quick and knowledgeble about the type of glass. He was in and out in under 15 minutes and he did a fine job. The best part was that I was quoted half the price of everywhere else, but when he gave me the bill it was even more discounted than the quoted price. I couldn't believe it, business don't do this and I feel the need to go out of my way and give them their due respect on YELP and let others know who to call when they have been vandalized.
<review# 185,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2013,6/14/2013,40,98,,4,2>So glad I had the chance to stop by here today! I've been waiting for this place to open for some time and it did not dissapoint!  First, as others said, Omar is fantastic.  He is friendly, helpful and will give you a sample of any of his local, delicious cheeses.  He doesn't just sell the cheese, he kind of curates a cheese collection for you to buy from.  Try a few.  Tell him what you like and he'll find other things for you to try.  The only problem: they're all amazing.  There are also great local vinegars, nuts, jams, olive oils, crackers and more.  I love that you can refill your olive oil from bulk!  He somehow managed to make us a couple of crepes while helping other customers and yes, the sweet little redwood grove just outside makes a fantastic picnic spot.  The inside of the shop is lovely with lots of great local details.  I'll be back here and feel lucky that we have such a gem so close by.
<review# 186,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2013,6/13/2013,47,68,7,13,7>If you are looking for amazing gluten free vegetarian or vegan food in Sonoma you must try this place! The location itself is in an odd spot for this type of joint- in the middle of a business park.Service is kind of slow in a good kind of way so make sure to give yourself extra time if you are coming in on a lunch break. The savory crepes are amazing and you must try the fresh ginger lemonade. While you wait, browse all the goodies they have for sale, or their case of fresh deserts. The environment is very peaceful and calming.
<review# 187,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2013,6/12/2013,31,64,,3,1>I'm just gonna' have to add my 5 stars to all the other 5 stars already here on yelp.  A friend and I were there for dinner on a Wednesday right at 5:30 when the restaurant opened. There was already a line of 8 or 9 people there in front of us.  When the doors opened we got seated right away.  The restaurant itself is simply designed, beautiful and comfortable all at the same time. Our server was very sweet and welcoming.  We ordered drinks off of the very creative and interesting drink menu.  Both were interesting and delicious to drink.  We got calamari fritti, oven roasted padron peppers and oven roasted asparagus.  All were amazing.  The pizza is something not of this world!  I got prosciutto and arugula and my friend got the mortadella with pistachio pesto.  Yes, you read that right; MORTADELLA AND PISTACHIO PESTO!!!!!!!!  The crust was perfect.  Crispy on the outside and so chewy and flavorful on the inside.  Perfection.  Really.This restaurant is the perfect blend of every thing that is right in food.  A creative talented chef, a welcoming hospitable environment using fresh ingredients combined with well practiced and proven techniques to create amazing food.  Everywhere there is proof of someones very hard work paying off.  Nice job.
<review# 188,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2013,6/11/2013,4,50,2,2,3>I've been there twice and both times left very happy.  It has fun Marin County vibes with outside tables if you like sidewalk eating.   Their beet salad is one of the best salads I've ever had.  And the pizzas are amazing - crispy crusts and creative toppings. I've had both the Mad River and the Slamb pizzas.  With my new 'healthy lifestyle' regime these feel very guilt free - at least they feel guilt free until I finish the whole thing because I can't stop.  Oh well, when food is this good it's o.k. to splurge once in a while - right?  So go here and splurge.
<review# 189,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2013,6/10/2013,143,100,2,5,3>FINALLY! Napa finally joins the 21st century! This movie-plex is literally 100 times better than the old Napa Cinedome.TIP:Currently, they have Discount Tuesdays and the tickets are $7.50/adult for films shown in the "regular" Digital Cinema.TIP:If you download and install the Cinemark app on your smartphone, you can check-in during your movie (aka Cinemode) and you'll get electronic coupons for your next visit. The coupons are legit and I've gotten medium drinks, large drinks, and medium popcorn on different occasions.TIP:The XD Digital projection screens make a huge difference in picture clarity and quality -- BUT they do charge higher prices for these showings. This isn't really pointed out or made clear when you buy your tickets.For instance, the movie you want to see might be available in two different theaters -- one in "regular" Digital Cinema ($10.75/adult), and one in XD Digital ($14.75/adult). Again, they don't really point this out when you ask for "two tickets to the next show."
<review# 190,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2013,6/9/2013,724,333,6,9,7>Great little Burger joint - what's different about this place is they have all of these deals that enable you to get in and out really cheap while getting a full meal - and potentially a healthy meal. First Off - Grass Fed Beef - wow, are you kidding me. These burgers would cost more at Oliver's unprepared!! They even have Bison burgers - lean protein that's delicious. Service is excellent, fast, and friendly - and if you like beer, well if you like beer you must've already been here. Good unique delicious beers for what my father pays for them at his private firehall club in Pittsburgh, Pa. $1.50 for pints - in fact my dad's club gives you a 10oz draft for the price of a 16oz draft here - that's impossible to beat. Check Check Checking you aut!
<review# 191,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2013,4/17/2014,53,163,6,11,9>I'm rather surprised by the low rating of this place. This is definitely my absolute favorite Japanese restaurant in Marin, and generally my family's go-to place following a visit to Costco.If you're here near lunch-time, the lunch specials are absolutely amazing. For $10, you get your choice of two items. I generally go with the tempura and one of the proteins, such as the salmon or teriyaki beef.Salmon: The salmon here is tender, juicy, and flavorful. It may be a tad overcooked compared to Western preparation of salmon, but it complements the teriyaki well.Teriyaki Beef: This is a hit and miss for me. Sometimes, the beef is super tender and cooked to a pleasant medium-well. I've had a few experiences where the meat was a tad overcooked or tendon-y, but it's been a great and safe choice most of the time.Tempura: I'm always surprised that they give 2 pieces of tempura shrimp with this. Although it is sometimes overly battered, it's almost always the best tempura I've had in Marin.Sushi:Hot Mama: I was a tad disappointed by this. I was hoping for more flavor from the salmon and more of a spicy kick, but there wasn't one.Deep fried Hamachi and Jalapeno roll: This one was better, although small in portion. Their was more flavor in this combination, although once again I was hoping for more of a spicy kick. Overall, the Japanese food at Sushiholic is fantastic, especially for the lunch specials. If you're looking for a filling and delicious lunch combination at a reasonable price, have a visit and enjoy!
<review# 192,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2013,4/16/2014,94,166,2,12,5>I had a great experience.  Usual I want my haircuts to be as fast as possible, but with the way this place is set up, I didn't mind waiting, and I didn't want the haircut experience to end.  I received a coupon for a free standard haircut but once I arrived they upgraded me to the "MVP."  (The standard haircut is $19; the MVP is $24.)  If you have received the same coupon I would highly recommend using it before they stop giving away the free extra services, because they are quite nice.First off, the place is pretty cool.  Maybe a bit cliché, what with it looking like a sports bar/stadium, but that is what they are going for, and I think it works.  Out front there is a big TV with sports playing non-stop, and just like in their web pics, there are TVs at each haircutting station.  One question I forgot to ask was if they could have different TVs on different channels, which would be important if they weren't highlighting the exact game you want to watch.   Anyway, I didn't mind having to wait, because I got to watch football, which I no longer get at home because I have cut the cable and only watch Netflix, Amazon Prime, etc.  Actually, I think all my future visits will be on Sunday or Monday night so I can watch football.Once I was in the seat, a very helpful Adrienne cut my hair.  The included MVP treatment consisted of a hair washing, a hot towel face wrap, a scalp massage, and a neck and shoulder massage.  They know what they are doing giving it away for free the first time because I'm hooked now.  For the additional $5 it is definitely worth it.  They even offer a double play, and a triple play, where you can get the after cut MVP experience multiple times...if you think you have the stamina.  Afterwards, Adreinne entered all my haircutting info into their computer so I don't have to try to remember exactly which clippers they used the next time they ask me how I want it.  Additionally, she gave me three cards for free haircuts to give out to friends.  (Want one?  Send me a message and I'll pass them along, if I still have any.)  Additionally, they gave me a punchcard that earns rewards for each haircut.  Next haircut is $2 off any haircut , then after that it's $3 off, then $5 off the MVP, and on my fifth return I get 1/2 off any haircut.  That's not a half bad way to treat customers.  Other shops in town only give me a discount on hair products, which is not something I use.  The only thing that would make this place better is if they served beer.All in all, I had a great experience.  In the beginning, you can expect a little bit of a wait because they don't take reservations and they are getting a lot of business because of their grand opening coupons.  But I have to say, this was probably the first time I didn't mind waiting, because their TV is much bigger than mine, and I don't have to fight anyone for the remote.  They already had it on the channel I wanted to watch...which was football!The next time someone drags you to shopping at Target, HomeGoods, or TJMaxx, let them go crazy while you sneak over to Sport Clips for some "you" time.
<review# 193,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2013,4/15/2014,147,287,,5,4>So have a look. Reviewed this place way back in 2008 (that's five years ago... don't you feel old now?) and gave it four stars. It had changed owners, and the improvement was massive. But it started to slide... if I had reviewed it a year ago, I'd have given it three. And that was being kind.But now it's got new owners. Again. But this time, they've changed the game.All new interior. Old scoreboard, butcher paper on the wall, reclaimed gym floor. All a bit hipster-ish, but okay.Beer list. Hot damn, they've upped the game. Aroma Coma on tap? Oh HELL yes.Food? Upgrade! Outstanding burgers. I genuinely can't tell you about anything else, because every time I've been here, I've burgered it up. Oh wait, wifey had a chicken sandwich - that was damn good too!Service is also top notch. Bar staff get your order taken quick, although the way the taps are laid out is a bit confusing (even for the staff!). The real test was when a dozen of us showed up in costume, a few days after Halloween (what can we say...) on a Friday night, and our waiter was subjected to our shennanigans. And did a bloody good job. Don't think anyone got to an empty glass before they were asked if they needed another.Five stars is a lot - I'd actually give it 4.5, but for the sheer effort of the new lads, it's worth the rounding up. I just hope to god it's not a false dawn like the last ownership group, and this time the quality is here to stay.
<review# 194,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2014,4/14/2014,259,650,10,18,16>See that part of my profile that begins with "my last meal on Earth" and ends with "likely involves carne asada"?  Well, here's hoping judgement day 'aint right around the corner but if it is and if it ends as predicted look for me here, at the home of the best carne asada in Marin (throws down gauntlet).    It positively excites me to find this 4 month old restaurant opening on the west end of San Rafael's 4th Street.  It fills a Marin void that I regularly lament about (lack of ethnic cuisine from developing nations), brings greater diversity to this end of the street, and serves ridiculously tasty food.  Others were right in saying that the owners did little to change up the decor from what was previously a Thai-fusion joint.  Rather than find this disagreeable I actually found it quite charming.  The previous occupants hung attractive cloth curtain dividers to break up the space, painted the walls a tasteful dark red, and installed a small, tropical fountain at the entryway.  With this decor intact, the place is a little more upscale than it might otherwise be and it's for the better.  The huge menu (lizard soup anyone?) covers a wide swath of Central American cuisine:  Salvadorean, Honduran, Nicaraguan, and "traditional Mexican".  Meals begin with complimentary chips and excellent, spicy homemade red salsa which is replaced, upon request, when emptied.  Pupusas have been mentioned by other reviewers and for good reason: they are perfect and one could make a meal here from those alone.  They're served along with a Tupperware container full of help-yourself pickled cabbage and a syrup bottle full of mild pureed tomato salsa.  I tried one "cheese and Salvadorean vegetables" and one "cheese and bean" ($2 each, minimum order of 2).  Pupusas are filling; Two would be a satisfying starter for three people.  Because Joel P. had mentioned "best taco salad" in his review I had to sample from the "traditional Mexican" part of the menu.  The taco salad ($6), with your choice of meat (carne asada, duh) is a beautiful thing, topped with guacamole and sour cream, and priced ridiculously well.  Use the table salsa as dressing and you do have a pretty perfect taco salad.  The Fish Soup ($11, with or without vegetables) was a full meal which could easily have been shared by several people.  Colorful and steaming hot, it was tasty and filling and probably included the RDA of seafood for several days running.  The fish in the soup was inclusive of skin and bones (read: authentic) so take note if that's an issue.  It was served with 2 "tortillas" which were really just unfilled pupusas and too dense and filling to bother with.Service is great but food can take a while to come out which is where the wide selection of beers, wine, tequila, and large screen TVs come in.    El Tazumal is just the sort of place I've long been wishing for.  If it sounds like your type of place, try it; I think you'll like it too.
<review# 195,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2014,4/13/2014,81,202,8,13,13>How Marin has changed in the past 30 years!  When we were in High School many years ago, we would go to this location (the former Peppermill) because we wanted to be THE kids that were "one step above" THOSE kids who were hanging out at Denny's across Highway 101.  For about twenty years between then and now it was Max's - which was a decent stop and, perhaps "one step above" what was there before.So when I went to find Best Lil' Porkhouse to meet a friend for dinner one night, I had no idea where the place was and drove right past it!  A quick conference with Siri and a couple of U-Turns led me back here.  Funnier that I had no idea about Best Lil' Porkhouse despite being briefly distracted by their huge "happy hour 3-6" banner on the roof while in bumper-to-bumper traffic just two days before.  Hmmm - that sign should be a little different since they are so new??In short - the food is great.  Talk about ANOTHER bunch of steps above the other two places I remember here!  Really tasty American BBQ is truly hard to find in the Bay Area.  Awesome things to choose from like Pulled Pork Sandwiches, Cornbread and Marin twists like Kale Slaw.  Think casual - family friendly, bbq, rolls of paper towels at the tables, etc.  Local microbrewery offerings like Kiltlifter from Moylan's score major bonus points.  A really inviting "to-go" counter right in the front area offers the easy possibility to get more of all their great offers if you are in a rush - or, in our case, bring home more for others to enjoy like we did!  Definitely will be back!
<review# 196,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2014,4/12/2014,2595,287,13,23,21>Restaurant Week 2014 ($39/pp Dinner)The craziest part of my experience with Seared is the sheer luck that I ended up here! After painstakingly deciding who the top candidates were for the twice daily RW selections, Seared was added, taken away, and replaced multiple times. Then the day before my mom decided to have a cow (no pun intended), and object to dinner, so off I trotted with my carnivore father, and little did we know what delights were just around the corner.I had no idea where Seared was, I only had the recommendation of my omnivore coworker who was thrilled with his experience there. I was pleased upon arriving, that it's located in the old Graziano's! They turned the Vodka ice cave into a dry aging meats room, which I think is clever and resourceful. They haven't changed a ton on the interior, with the exception to a few classy and elegant but still approachable details. Our bread was warm, and served with a unique chived butter, which was fresh and not too salty. I was absolutely THRILLED to see that they had a specialty Sazorac ($12), which is my favorite cocktail at the moment, and ordered it with marked enthusiasm. My dad ordered a glass of red, and both of us were immensely pleased with our drink selection. For those of you who are new to Sazorac's, they are easy to make poorly, and challenging to make well, but Seared's bartender knows what he's doing, and to date is one of the best I've ever had.We both ordered the Hamachi Crudo, topped with Fresno chilies and a perfectly balanced sesame oil/wasabi/ginger drizzle. I loved the balance between the absolutely fresh, soft Hamachi and the crunchy chilies, cucumbers, and onions. As we were finishing up with our starter, I heard our wonderful waitress Sarah-Jane tell the next table over that one of the specials not on the RW menu was served over bone marrow mashed potatoes. BONE MARROW MASHED POTATOES?!?!? Be still, my beating heart! I frantically flagged her down, and practically pleaded with her to bring me just a scoop of it to try. She told me she'd do what she could, and I waited with high hopes.For the entrees, we sampled the 14 oz, 21 Day Dry Aged Rib Eye ($28), which was served with a chimi churri sauce and confit garlic mashed potatoes. I am used to chimi churri being a really bold, yell in your face type flavor, whereas this one was more mellow, subdued, and herbal. My dad is a big meat eater, and even for him, this was a huge steak. I ordered the Surf and Turf ($25), which was a 5oz PERFECTLY cooked filet, three gigantic prawns, and a reduction jus that was so good, I was soaping it up with my bread. I'm not a big steak eater, but this was hands-down one of the best steaks I've ever had. Tender, juicy, flavorful, balanced, delicious. Then, it happened. Bone Marrow Mashed Potatoes. In a tiny ramekin, held the most delicate, and airy, heavenly mashed potatoes I've ever had the delight to try. I will never look at bone marrow or mashed potatoes the same...because on this day, I was changed forever. I'm totally going to try making these at home, because they were SO FREAKING GOOD. My mouth is watering right now just thinking about it...Dessert was solid, my dad had the Key Lime Pie ($10), served beautifully in a glass container with toasted marshmallow, and was fresh, creamy and bold. I had the Blondie with cardamom ice cream ($8) and drizzled with salted caramel, which I was initially not fond of, but it grew on me as I tried it a few more times. Seared is a new take on a classic California steakhouse, but the details here are what set them apart from Starks and other restaurants of their class. I believe this is just what Sonoma County needs, and I know with that Sazorac and bone marrow mashed potatoes, it's just what I need too.
<review# 197,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2013,4/11/2014,45,56,,5,3>My boyfriend and I were looking to learn swing and found Steppin Out Dance Studios had good reviews on Yelp. We are into our second month of lessons now and couldn't be happier. Helen teaches at a wonderfully comfortable pace. In four weeks, you will know the dance you're interested in. From night club two-step to swing to salsa, Helen knows them all!
<review# 198,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2014,4/10/2014,95,108,2,7,3>I just wanted to update this review to say once again what a STELLAR and amazing place America's Tire Co is! My husband went in for a second time, due to our tires being very worn on our second car. Because he had such a great experience last month (2/23 review) he brought it to America's Tire Co. Not only did the gentlemen fit him in during a busy day, but were informative and helpful throughout the visit. America's Tire Co workers went ABOVE and beyond to make sure that our car was safe and that we had the right tires. Personable service, quick, well priced, and generally just an all around glowing review from this family. We will continue to bring our vehicles here as well as encourage family to go here! Thank you America's Tire Co!
<review# 199,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2014,4/9/2014,37,70,2,7,5>When I first came to work in Santa Rosa, this was one of the first restaurants I had the pleasure of trying.  Five years later, its still one of my favorites. The food here is solid, its not fancy, its what you would expect to find at a brewery (burgers, nachos, pizzas, sandwiches and more) but they all taste very good.  The main attraction at this place is the beer! Many of the beers have won awards at different competitions and they live up to those awards. I personally would recommend the Bodega Head IPA. If you make it in on a Tuesday,  its $2.50 pints and bratwurst.  If you feel like splurging a bit, try the chili you will not regret it :)
<review# 200,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2013,4/8/2014,68,196,3,5,4>I absolutely, positively adore Darling Farms. Being able to drive 5 minutes from my apartment to a quaint family farm is one of those things that make Sonoma County such a wonderful place to live. And the Darling family, always on hand, are so welcoming and helpful. They keep a whiteboard listed with everything they have out in the field that can be picked fresh for you. How cool is that? It takes "farm fresh" to a whole new level.
<review# 201,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2012,3/15/2013,1,9,,2,2>If you are looking for a quality, professional, piece of work then look no further than Glass Beetle. Sim has owned and operated this shop for many years and maintains a level of excellence, and cleanliness that is unsurpassed. The tattoos speak for themselves.Also Nate Glomb, who has done many of my pieces, is an artist, gentleman and a scholar. He will take your idea and turn it into the work of art you were hoping for. Have your piece done here and I promise you won't regret it.
<review# 202,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2012,3/14/2013,106,80,,5,1>This is one of our favorite wineries in Sonoma County.  Their Zinfandels are to fantastic.  Our favorite is Rocky Reserve from the Rockpile appellation in Sonoma County North of Dry Creek.  Nice folks too and the wine is fairly priced at around $30 per bottle.Mary and I have been tasting wine in Sonoma County for over 20 years.  We live nearby in the Bennett Valley appellation and are quite familiar with the area.  Over the years we've come to appreciate the best of the area and Carol Shelton is in our top of the top list.Their tasting room is in a light industrial park in Santa Rosa, so don't go expecting a pastoral winery set among the vines.  You'll need to go to another winery to enjoy your picnic.  There are plenty of wineries around with a great view and not so great wine (a few have both - for those, see my other reviews).While I can go on and on about Carol's Zins, her other Reds (she does a Cab and Pinot) are quite lovely too.  Her whites are also something special.I highly recommend Carol's wines to folks who like deep, rich, full bodied wines.
<review# 203,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2011,3/13/2013,1,84,2,3,1>Dinner last night with my wife at Jhanthong Banbua.Somewhat oddly, our first visit to this long established Thai restaurant, since we both like Thai food and live not too far away. Could it be the location next to the sleazy Gold Coin Motel?Started with Meaing Krob one of five Meaing Banbua (salad leaf wraps) offered. I have never seen these lettuce wraps offered in other Thai restaurants. The crispy egg noodles with a piece of shrimp in a satay sauce was delicious.Next was the mandatory Thai soup - Tom Kha with shrimp. The bowl was full of butterfly filleted shrimp and just the right amount of bite in the liquid to make your carotid arteries wake up! We ended the feast with the green curry with pumpkin and chicken served with steamed rice. As mentioned by a previous reviewer, you are never asked how spicy you like the dishes - odd for a Thai restaurant serving Americans. I assumed the curry would be mild and as it arrived at the table I asked for some extra spice. I was expecting chili paste but instead was given a small container of dry red pepper. I place a goodly sprinkle on top of my green curry and had at it. A small error on my part - the curry itself had a nice level of spice - as attested to by my wife's sensitive pallet. The 'devil powder' from the small container increased the Scoville heat units by at least an order of magnitude. Needless to say, I did not add any devil powder to my second serving.We will definitely return to this local Thai treasure.
<review# 204,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2007,3/12/2013,46,73,,1,1>I have eaten here for lunch and dinner recently. Food, service and menu are great. Service is fast at lunch which is great. My favorite is orange chicken. Portions are generous and almost always leave with leftovers. Prices are reasonable.
<review# 205,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2013,3/11/2013,74,98,,2,2>I recommend this one because I went there - just once - and although I don't remember anything really outstanding, every time it comes to mind the vague memory makes me smile. The wine is good, the service is incredible, they're big supporters of our local firefighters, and they have pretzels (an underrated wine tasting goodie) But when it all comes down to it, I recommend this place just because it has a relaxed, very informal, fun atmosphere.  *I don't remember there being any kind of seating to speak of, indoor or outdoor. This is a tasting room pure and simple, no bells and whistles, nothing showy.
<review# 206,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2012,3/10/2013,23,80,,1,1>I was just introduced to Mombo's last week and I've been hooked ever since. It's best when you eat the pizza onsite because then it comes out of the oven and is still crispy. It loses the crisp after any sort of drive which hurts the quality a bit. Cheese and the margherita are delicious but the pesto leaves a bit to be desired.The people are all friendly, even engaging in a debate over the type of dinosaur on the register and they hand-toss the pizza, which is a dying art.
<review# 207,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2013,3/9/2013,20,14,,5,1>I avoided trying this place for quite some time, assuming its Montgomery Village location implied high price but mediocre quality. Now that I've been, I regret giving it a pass for so long.Everything I've tried here has been at least very good. My wife and I love the seared ahi tuna appetizer. The Street Fair Noodles and the Summer Fire Chicken are other favorites. The prices here are somewhat higher than at your run-of-the-mill Thai restaurant, but the food is in another league.The service has generally been friendly and quite good. The decor is attractive, and the long and narrow layout tends to keep noise levels reasonable (though tables closer to the kitchen can be noisy).
<review# 208,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2013,3/8/2013,765,333,4,10,5>Nostalgia - if these stairs could speak. My best friend in middle school had some very sweet but strict parents who seemed to have psychic capabilities.  Somehow, they would find out everything we got into - except on these stairs which happened to be located right outside her basement door.   They took us from the mountain and spit us out into town - absolutely thrilling!  The case is wide enough that we could walk side by side and carry a conversation. This stack is at an incline, but the actual stairs aren't steep - which means it's easier to run than a lot of stairs.  It's also a lot safer than walking the hill where SUV's seem to be more concerned with bikers than pedestrians.  We used to skip a stair on our way up to her house - it was a bit of a climb - but it's short like under 200.  We never complained because they were parent approved and we enjoyed our free-time.  During the early morning hours, locals incorporate these stairs into their exercise routine.  After 3pm, some kids hike these home.  On occasion, a team of kids training from Davis or Redwood might come plunging through - just move.   In general, they remains pretty empty.  I love Magnolia because it connects Mill Valley to Scott Valley to Larkspur to Greenbrae to Kentfield to Ross Valley - which are all totally different Marin scenes.  Marin County is full of little subcultures, and as a curious kid, I enjoyed exploring these during my quest to seek out diversity.      TIP: there are ticks on this staircase - so check yourself the best you can or have someone check you. It's really not a long staircase which means if one happens to land on you - you could actually save yourself a bite.  Also, check your dogs - lime disease is still a reality.
<review# 209,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2012,3/6/2013,248,493,5,5,5>Elisa has been doing my hair for yearsand yearsand YEARS.I have curly curly hair, but it's extremely thin at the same time - this combination requires someone that knows just what they are doing, and Elisa more than knows. She listens closely to what you want, notices how you style your own hair, asks what products you already are using - takes every little detail into account and designs the perfect cut for you that you will, I guarantee, will adore.I always hated going to stylist that wanted to go ape shit on my hair when done with the cut - I mean I even had an older woman that was all too excited to tease the shit out of it and spray spray spray. I know that I need have no concern for this debauchery with Elisa, she subtly finishes your hair and you don't have to run to your car when you're done and put a hat on, which, I have done on more than one occasion with other stylists.You need a cut - or even if you don't and want a whole new look coif and color, I got your Girl.
<review# 210,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2013,3/5/2013,77,119,3,6,5>Boy oh boy am I glad we stumbled across Rustic Bakery on our way home from the Chase on Grant Ave!  Rustic Bakery is top notch - form the modern but welcoming decor, to the impressive kitchen you can see from the dining room, to the expertly shaped and baked bread and pastries!  I got the soup/sandwich deal with was turkey white bean chili and a half tuna sandwich.  Both were excellent.  Husband got the salumi sandwich and was also pleased.  We will be back for sure as we have only tried the tip of the iceberg at Rustic.
<review# 211,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2012,11/29/2012,523,411,,6,1>I really loved Worth our Weight! The idea is amazing and so is the food. I got the eggs benedict and my boyfriend got the rancheros because of all the yelp reviews saying too get those. I was very happy with both! The pork was moist and well seasoned and I loved the prosciutto in the eggs benedict isn't of plain ham. We also got a side of chicken apple sausage which was amazing.I can't wait to go here again and try some new things, also make sure to call ahead because it gets busy!
<review# 212,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2012,11/28/2012,63,169,2,3,3>Located in downtown Napa this casual place serves up nasty treats in hip, no fuss fun restaurant. The staff is incredibly friendly and treated me like an old friend even though I said up front it was my first time here. Lots of indoor seating and a patio plus street tables. They serve up a dish or two from from several different Latin countries. Trivia night Wednesday at 8:30. Happy hour 3-6 $4 pints of beer, $6 wine by the glass. They are the 2012 bay area A list winner for best Latin American food.I order the pupusas because yelp recommended it so highly and the coconut flan... oh my bleeping Lord God thank you for the deliciousness I received! It was amazing. Definitely enough for two people. The pupusas were delicious, the slaw that came with it was fresh and crunchy and yummy, their salsa had a great kick and was delicious! My 2 year old, who does not eat like your average 2 year old, also LOVED them, he gobbled them down and asked for more.  And that flan... if heaven had a flavor it would be this flan. I love flan so I was prepared to judge this one hard. But I loved everything about it. At first I was like coconut flan? Why possibly ruin a good thing, but no that was AMAZING, and then I was like raspberries with flan? Again so freaking good! Completely worth going to Napa just to eat here. Thanks for the tips fellow Yelpers!
<review# 213,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2012,11/27/2012,2595,287,1,6,3>I simply love this place.It's small, secluded, and intimate, a much better atmosphere than dodging the bus depot gangs and awkward preteens at the Roxy.I have to give them major bonus points for their concession stands...They have locally sourced drinks, snacks and foods, from Healdsburg, Santa Rosa, Sebastopol and Petaluma, including gluten free selections!Given the opportunity to relax here with actually delicious local snacks and no crowds, versus Roxy or the RP Stadium 12, I will pick here every time.
<review# 214,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2012,11/26/2012,88,15,3,7,5>I LOOOVE coming here for my Brazilian waxing. Nelly is always so warm and welcoming. Her spa is small but it has a cozy feel to it and makes you feel really relaxed. I did some research on Brazilian was and tried to find the perfect spa for it and then I found Fifth Avenue! The pricing of it is very reasonable. Most waxes go up to 50-60+! That's too much for me; but Fifth Avenue was perfect. Nelly did my waxing and she was quick and efficient with her amazing waxing skills. She is also a great conversationalist. I always come back and I am thinking of trying her facials soon.
<review# 215,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2012,11/25/2012,515,854,,7,3>I'm amazed how consistently empty one of the most beautiful places in the world can be. The surrounding footpaths are equally remarkable, e.g., Dipsea up to Muir Woods, etc. The public library is a jewel too. Tip: their wifi runs 24/7 and you can pick it up outside when the library is closed. Check out Bolinas Lagoon to the north, too. It changes by the minute with tides, fog, sun, and time of day. Awe-inspiring.
<review# 216,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2012,11/24/2012,39,195,,7,5>Finally a place in Rohnert Park that has an excellent craft brew selection. I've been having drive quite a distance to find over priced craft brew, and now there's a local shop with better prices, and definitely a better selection. The folks there are super friendly and helpful, and knowledgeable about their beer.Like 'em on facebook, join their craft brew of the month club, watch for the craft brew of the day for special deals. I've been trying to spread the word as much as possible, there's a great place to get some great brews in town now.
<review# 217,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2011,11/23/2012,2,5,,6,6>I was living in San Francisco for a bit and I usually would go to the same lady in the city but when I moved back to Novato I always wanted an eyebrow place nearby. I shop a lot at the outlets and thrilled to see an eyebrow place. The lady is super sweet and does a GREAT job. I am very picky about my eyebrows and she listened and made them look great.Right now there is a deal where the 6th time you go is free!The pricing is pretty good for northbay areas.
<review# 218,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2008,11/22/2012,26,5,1,3,3>I've been going to this place for at least the last 6-7 years and I can't think of a single think I dislike. I usually order a chicken bowl and an order of their eggrolls to share. The veggies are always crispy and fresh, with just the right amount of teriyaki sauce. The chicken is also exceptional, not too fatty and cooked perfectly. Now, I've had eggrolls at countless chinese restaurants. I am not exaggerating when I say that they have THE BEST eggrolls you will ever have. They're wrapped in a crispy rice wrapper instead of  a doughy kind of wrapper. They're also much larger than your common eggroll. You get three to an order for about $3-$4 which is not bad for the size they are. I also highly recommend the sweet and sour shrimp and the chicken chow mein. All in all, this is a great place to eat.
<review# 219,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2012,11/21/2012,162,206,,1,1>KP has excellent Pinot Noir and I really like the Gap's Crown!  I cannot wait to try the Spring Chardonnay in 2013!
<review# 220,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2012,11/20/2012,54,96,,6,1>** Review of Benefit Brow Bar**I couldn't justify driving to San Mateo to see my esthetician and a couple girls at work recommended Ashley at Benefit. I was able to make a same day appointment, which is always a plus for me. She explained what she was doing, where the arch would be, etc. Very nice, talkative but not annoying, really knew what she was doing. Her station was clean, absolutely no "double dipping" like I've heard of cheap places doing. She filled in my brows but never preasured me into buying product. I can understand why people want to wait for her.I would highly recommend seeing Ashley if you want great brows!
<review# 221,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/24/2009,7/19/2009,108,294,5,7,5>Had the opportunity to check out Moylan's for lunch a couple weeks ago. They were PACKED! Fortunately I was with work folks for a birthday, so we had the beer garden - all to ourselves! It's a nice space out there - the ivy covered walls are high enough you can forget that you're actually sitting at a busy street corner... and not at a pub in Ireland. Well, sorta. Anyway, I'd been anxious to check out their menu since I love their sibling, Marin Brew Co., but was somewhat disappointed to see that a lot of it is the same! Oh well.Since I was trying to be cheap, I only ordered a mini hawaiian pizza and diet coke (my crack) for lunch... and it was fine, nothing to write home about though. What I should have ordered was what my co-worker had: the new Moylander Burger. Holy cow, it looked intense and tasty! Piled high with avocado, bacon, and sauteed onions. Mmmm.  I'm sure I'll be back at some point... but since Marin Brew Co. is across the street, I'm more likely to wander in there than I am here.
<review# 222,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2009,7/18/2009,147,287,30,28,27>This here interweb is a dangerous thing. While it gives you access to all sorts of great things, it also gives you access to horrific information.Like what a root canal is.I'd never had one. I never wanted one. I'm from *that* side of the Atlantic, where we only see a medical professional when we absolutely have to. So when one of my teeth basically exploded on a seed, I knew I had to grace a dentist's chair for the first time in almost 15 years - and terror grew within my heart at the words - "You're gonna need a root canal, but I'm going to refer you to Marin Endodontics. That's pretty much all they do there, and they're the best in the business."So that night, I looked it up online. And had nightmares.Y'see, they start by drilling into the tooth. Then they scrape out all the pulp inside the tooth. Then they bust out the drill again to gain access to the nerves. Then they use these mad looking corn-cob holder looking thingies to scrape out said nerve, and file the inside of the nerve canals. In between each session of filing with these spiky things, bleach is shot into your mouth. Finally, they insert rubber cone thingies, and use spackle to build a temporary tooth until a permanent crown can be put in.Gulp.Alright, so let's get down to my experience. I'm terrified of needles, so the opening shots of novocaine weren't particularly enticing. But Dr. Cavender numbed my gums nicely with an anaesthetic gel, and said he'd be back in a few minutes. The gel worked a treat, I didn't feel the jabs, and told me to lay back. I fired up the ipod, closed my eyes, and blasted Kings of Leon (Holy Roller Novocaine, ironically!), and waited for the inevitable.Man, sucks for the guy next door - I can hear the drilling. Hear it? I can actually feel the vibrations! I shouldn't be thinking that though, same's going to be happening to me any second.Hmm, it's been a few minutes, and I can feel him poking around in there. Wonder when he's going to start the drilling and bring the pain? Oooh, love this song.Few more minutes, man he's really starting to drag this out. I'm dreading this - but at this point I wish he'd just get started so we could get it over with. C'mon, Doc - enough with the pushing against the tooth. You know it's the right one, you've taken your xrays, quit making sure it's still attached and get started already!Okay, he's putting something in there. Here it comes.Any minute now.Right, he's tapping me on the shoulder. Be strong. Be strong. It'll be over before you know it. Hmm, still tapping me on the shoulder - maybe he wants to reassure me. Better pop the earbuds out and see what he wants."Alright Gary, all done!"What?!So yeah - the upshot of this review is that I went in terrified, and was on the receiving end of a root canal that was 100% painless. Even after the fact, when I was under the impression I'd have to be tanked on painkillers for a few days afterwards, he told me all I'd need was Advil. Heck, next morning, I didn't even need that - I felt absolutely fine. I don't know enough about dentistry to say if the root canal was technically perfect*, but I can say Dr. Cavender and his staff made a weenie like me feel comfortable and reassured, and turned the mother of all pain infested nightmares into a walk in the park. Out-friggin'-standing.* Update - my dentist described it as "A work of art"!
<review# 223,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2009,7/17/2009,423,254,8,8,8>Great place, and a haven after an afternoon of wine tasting.Came up early to hit the first afternoon of Russian River'sbarrel tasting this week (barrels taste bad btw ;) )  We ended up in Healdburg 530ish and were quite hungry after only been snacking.Thanks to Yelp we found Willi's (not to be confused with Willie's Wine Bar in Santa Rosa) It was early and the place was already filling up. Inside is warm, cozy, they have a few cute booths in the back if you are lucky enough to get, as well as lots of seating outside with heat lamps.I'd concur its mis-named. Sure they have great oysters (we had six, ZINC, muahahahahah) and crab cakes, but the menu is mostly tapas (had entrees too) and is great. Wine list was decent. Considering how many microbrews are in Sonoma County, including Bear Republic on the same block, their beer selection shouldn't be so anemic. Anyway, great meal; we had oysters, the dungeness crab cakes (awesome), riblets (not bad) the spinach salad (tasty, had figs) and some other rabbit food I didn't like as much. By the time we left, the wait was 90 mins for a table, call ahead!Vive La William's Tapas! :)
<review# 224,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2009,7/16/2009,87,152,6,9,11>Love the Boos in the city. Now we have one here. Woohoo, n'est pas? Food is great. Very impressive lunches. Fresh, creative, reasonably priced. Service rocks. I waited 5 minutes each time. Plenty of space to hang inside or outside for dining. Not a crowded space at all. Bathrooms clean. Convenient location. And very attractive people hang out here. Just like the gorgeous yelper community. And of course, the pastries are killer. It's right off the highway one exit before you head up to wine country. You should stop here.  Like, now.
<review# 225,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2009,7/15/2009,31,145,2,3,3>A new owner took over and this place is WAY better now.  The food is awesome and I have tried several dishes and never disliked any of them and I'm fairly picky.  The crab rangoons are the best.  I really like the pork fried rice, the chicken lo mein and the sweet and sour pork.  My wife loves the pot stickers.  We held our neighborhood association meeting there and the new owners were awesome.Give this place a chance...  They went from a 2 star to a 5 star rating for me.
<review# 226,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2009,7/14/2009,0,1,3,5,5>I love Barefoot Cafe... since we began coming here a couple of years ago, my boyfriend and I always opt to go here over anywhere else because we love Tony's cooking so much.  I am a particularly huge fan of his wild king salmon dish.... it is by far the best salmon I have ever had anywhere.  They should almost serve it with a straw so you can get up all the delicious sauce on the plate when you are done.  It is hard for me to not order the salmon since I love it so much, but when I have tried other dishes I have been equally pleased.  I recently had a coconut curry mahi mahi dish that was fabulous and I often order the pesto fettucini which is very tasty.  My daughter loves Tony's cheeseburgers and chocolate milkshakes.  I always have to bring her home the fresh cornbread when I go, because she adores it.  The cornbread that you just get at your table is so yummy and fresh and moist, not dry at all like cornbread usually is.  My boyfriend loves the ravioli, spagetti and meatballs, salad with pears and crustini, the new york steak, and the roast chicken.   Tony makes the most delicious panicotta  dessert which everyone should try.  His famous cappucinnos are the best.... creamy and rich!  We have tried lots of nice wine here as well.  We also come here for breakfast and the scones with lemon curd are really good, as well as the blueberry pancakes, eggs benedict, and the omelets!  Tony greets everyone who comes and goes with such warmth and appreciation.  I have brought lots of friends and family to eat here and everyone has enjoyed it!  What else can I possibly say.... I am a huge fan of this restaurant and recommend it highly!
<review# 227,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2009,7/13/2009,100,150,11,11,10>Finally a place where everybody doesn't know your name, and there is no shame in your game.  I hate it when there is a scene at a gym (24 hour fitness, Larkspur), where there is a gross group of local grease balls who work at the gym then go cologne clubbing together on the weekends... (24 hour fitness larkspur)... where I am the only girl NOT wearing a sports bra, bad spray tan and an eye infection... (24 hour fitness larkspur)...and where no matter how well I shower at home after, I still feel dirty.. (24 hour fitness larkspur.) Whew.. glad to finally find a gym where I WANT to work out, hang out, spend money, time AND get my ass in gear without carrying a bottle of Purell around.  This is hands down the cleanest, most well organized gym in Marin county.  I had written it off because of the astronomical monthly dues, but after a 3 week stint at another gym (name shall go unmentioned..ha) I decided to open up the checkbook and give it a whirl.  Let me tell you something.. "my family is as thick as thieves" and I would never let them work out anywhere else again.  My cousin got a staff infection at the 24 hour fitness in Chico, CA and almost died.  I don't care how clean you think your shoulder press machine looks.. do you really know who used it before you.. or how long it has been since it has seen a 99% alcohol rub down?  The answer is... you don't.Your gym should be your second home.  The place you go to remember how to love yourself.  The place you feel like you have been neglecting to visit, more so than your wine bar around the corner.  Let's face it, if your gym sucks, your ass gets huge. Enough said, right?5 stars for overall cleanliness.5 stars for availability of classes. (I dare you to complain about the schedule here.. you can't and if you do, you have more $$ than God and just hire an in house personal trainer, Madonna.5 stars for spaciousness5 stars for helpful staff5 stars for abundance of towels, locker room products, remote control flat screen in the bathroom, AND woman's only workout room for my mom.5 stars for location5 stars for events5 stars for keeping up with the Kardashians.. I mean, having the latest greatest workouts in existence.5 stars for parking5 stars for having a FULL service Spa and medical spa.5 stars for your honor system water bottle policy5 stars for cable TV on cardio equipment5 stars for when I randomly took a new class and saw the fitness director taking the same class and sweating her ass off.  That is now I know it was good class!5 stars for your social mixers&... last by not least... 5 stars for your amazing locker room staff who puts up with some of your asshole members.  Anyone who belongs there.. please tip those ladies, they RULE!Sure it is expensive, but let's think about this for a moment.  Do you  belong to a gym , AND pay for yoga or Pilates somewhere else??? I know plenty of people who pay for both.  Combine those expenses and I guarantee it is less than the monthly dues here. One fee = all the classes and great facility you can handle.  If you join and hate it, please find me and slap me in the face. It won't happen.
<review# 228,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2009,7/12/2009,122,17,11,12,11>If over 150 other five star ratings wasn't enough to convince you that this may very well be the very best eats in San Rafael, I don't know what will. You're seriously missing out. I might move  just so I could be within walking distance of this place. Chuck Norris would eat here.Three words: Pollo al Horno. I'm going to assume that means horny chicken in Portuguese, because eating this meal will leave your mouth craving more. Ten bucks gets you two pieces of chicken, rice, a salad, two plantains and a side of beans. You will not leave hungry.Let me give you a scenario I have personally experienced several times: You're in downtown San Rafael after a hard work week getting your drink on. Suddenly the "drunchies" (drunken munchies) hits you HARD. You don't want to settle for fast food, but what else is really an option so late?F*** Jack in the Box, cause Sol Food has their mini kitchen open until 2am on the weekends, just a block from their main restaurant. So stumble down to them and indulge in some horny chicken. You won't be disappointed.
<review# 229,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2009,7/11/2009,130,305,3,4,4>I got a little glimpse of Heaven on Saturday, March 28, 2009. It was a perfect 70 degrees and we got a table on their patio. Our bellies were filled with wines from Cline, Homewood, and Ravenswood, so all was good in the world when we sat down. I felt like a cat who found a sunny spot to be lazy in.  THE FOOD: was French and the service was lovely! They start you on fresh bread and butter (milky, with the slightest hint of sweet). I ordered their signature fig cocktail and it was delicious - fruity, refreshing, and not too strong. Tasted like a punch. For lunch, I am SO GLAD I went with the fried local farm egg (domestic prosciutto, wild arugula, Grana Padano, grilled country bread, white truffle oil) and an order of the matchstick frites (kennebec potatoes, tarragon aioli). Farm-fresh eggs really make a difference and I will pretty much eat anything if you drizzle truffle oil on it. The bf ordered the croques monsieur (Niman Ranch jambon & St. George cheese) which was so tasty, tasty. It's all about the thinly sliced jambon. Others at the table ordered the: * soup of the day (it was turnip and sooo fresh - as if the vegetable was just dug from the ground and then blended - I highly recommend ordering the soup)* lavender mojito (unique! and surprisingly, the lavender was not overwhelming, which was nice)* olive oil poached tuna tartine with crème fraîche potato salad (waaay better than potato salad made with mayo), the baby beet salad, and the quiche lorraine - all pleasingFor dessert, I HIGHLY recommend the dessert flight (some of the best dessert wines we've ever tasted - they were cheerfully fought over!) and the flourless bittersweet chocolate cake goes really well with the wine.
<review# 230,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2009,7/10/2009,129,261,5,5,6>Reggae night...so not canceled.  Went there last week.  I was surprised at how much fun I had, but I guess the company accounts for it as well. =)Really good music, fortunately they didn't play too much hip hop. FREAKIN packed by 12am  but everyone was very nice. First time I've shared a space with such a diverse crowd since moving to Sonoma County which felt SO GOOD; kinda felt like I was back in SF at Club Six.  Danced my tookus off.  Will definitely return. Please spin Sister Nancy...Anyways, love this space.  First time I ever walked in, it was by accident, on a Sunday night.  Pool table, few booths and stools, complete with a disinterested bartender who appeared to be an old-time surfer.  Wood everywhere, nothing fancy, chic, sexy or modern about it. Just a great place to relax and have a drink while wearing my favorite baggy boy sweats. Generous pours of Jameson, buncha brews on tap, Knob Creek ready at hand, but always out of Black (dammit). But as time passed and many visits later, I've come to realize that Jasper's is much more versatile. Sometimes an old man dive, other times a casual, dim lit apres-dinner nightcap lounge for couples, and then again it reinvents itself as the weekly raucous horny college night hookup joint. More stars for the usually clean bathroom, large smoking patio out back with an extra bar there for when the place is packed to capacity, and the staff: Love the Pac Islander doorman, all the super sweet female bartenders who do their very best to please;and a special place in my heart for 'Tender Greg, ponytail, beard, surfer shorts, huge ass pours and all.
<review# 231,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2008,10/10/2011,21,78,1,2,2>How can you go wrong, CHOCOLATE.  Need I say more, why yes.  This is going to be big.  Gourmet chocolate, bars, truffles, bites, and a dessert bar with mousse cakes, tarts and other wonderful morsels.  The day I went was the grand opening and the owner had some hands on chocolatiers there.  One of them offered a dark chocolate bar with sesame seed and some other exotic concoction. It was tasty and different.The aroma in that store just beckons you to have a small truffle or a nice espresso.  Thats right get your caffeine fix on, be it in a solid format or liquid.  The store just opened in time for Valentines day so expect more exciting offerings, she just added a chocolate truffle with a creamy caramel center and spreckles of salt, yes honey I said salt on top.  What a combo sweet and salty.  Were talking serious chocolate here.Just In:  Try the european sipping chocolate.  Too Much!Love It!  Go.
<review# 232,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2011,10/9/2011,40,65,2,3,1>This place really threw me off because of the location, but we decided to try it and I was pleasantly surprised. I ha the benedict which is not very traditional but it was really good.The second time I came here it was later in the afternoon an I really wanted breakfast, the waitress was so nice and accommodating that they did 2 orders of breakfast for us even though it was lunch time. definitely a fan!
<review# 233,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2010,10/7/2011,2,24,,2,3>Dana redid the rose on my back this summer.  She took the drawing I gave her and did a great job turning it into a coverup for my orginal rose tattoo.  I finally have the tattoo I always wanted with wonderful shading and color.  She spends a lot of time planning and figuring out what she believes will work best so she can get it right the first time, which is pretty important with a tattoo.  I'm a one tattoo kind of girl, but if that ever changes, I would only go to her.
<review# 234,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2011,10/6/2011,141,176,,5,3>I love this place. And can't get here enough. I'm basically just popping on to say, well, I was inspired today that I had a book suggestion for everyone to buy. I mean, I lend it out and rarely get it back (I have to buy another original for someone to get my copy back) and I'm up to buy another and wondered, "Does Sur La Table have it?" No.I threw up my hands in despair that I won't be able to get this staple of a book from a favoritely frequented place but no loss. How simple was it to suggest it to the corporate book buyer in Seattle, WA? Simple. Just called the number I found in Google. Spoke with Kate who gave me her email. Sent her my book suggestion. And waaaahhhhh llllllaaaaaah.She said she'd consider it. I love a corporation that is not convoluted. Yup, still a favorite turn to. Oh and I found an item on the website (Black bodum 16 oz coffee press) that was 18 bucks. When I called the store, they admitted they were busy, but um is the 29.98 dollar one it. Um, no. Why is it so much more expensive? Oh it comes with an extra lid. Really? Double the price for an extra "free" lid. Buyer beware. They said they have what I was looking for and they'll get back to me. I'm not knocking them, as they are busy. And they have ALWAYS called me back so undoubtedly they will. But come on, be aware that with corporations things DO get convoluted so price comparison shop before you commit. They will find it for you for cheaper. Just call ahead.Oh yeah, and Mary is still one of the grandest things about Sur La Table in our area. I wish their corporate side knows that. Undoubtedly they do.In case you were wondering about the book you should own as a cook: amazon.com/Culinary-Arti
<review# 235,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2011,10/5/2011,209,211,3,4,7>I went in to get a Facial Plus, which included a Glycolic peel and foot scrub.  Emily was super helpful in answering all of my questions and let me know what she was doing every step of the process.  I also opted for a certain wax, which was over before I knew it!  Knowing that each skin type and individual works differently, she didn't try and push any products my way either, which I appreciated.  I'm going back in 3 weeks for another "Express Facial", too.
<review# 236,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2011,10/4/2011,63,158,,3,2>It's a little off of the beaten path, but Atlas has the best coffee I've had in Santa Rosa, and their latte seriously reminds me of Portland's famous Stumptown. Really, it's that good. The staff is small and this is the coffee shop where 'everybody knows your name.' It's nice. Also free wi-fi, outdoor seating AND earning them a fifth star, they have a record player and some great records which add a homey ambiance.
<review# 237,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2010,10/3/2011,155,397,2,3,1>I gotta say, I am not really a hippie eater. But this place makes me a convert-clean good food at a reasonable price, can't go wrong if you ask me.They make yummy curried pumpkin and sweet potato combination-get it as a place, enchilada, or burrito. Their burritos are these yummy tortillas that are thicker than normal but quite delicious.  I really recommend this place and their curried pumpkin-anything. :)
<review# 238,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2011,10/2/2011,4,41,3,9,6>I remember in the early 70's when I worked delivering pizzas in Datsun pickup trucks for the ole Shakeys Pizza Parlor in Terra Linda. Then Lo Coco's opened. You must understand, back then Shakeys and Pinky's Pizza were the only players of the day. We thought, a pizzaria, buried deep in the bowels of an Eichler community would die a quick death. WRONG. I thought we were bad ass but one taste of a Lo Coco's pizza change my view of pizza forever. I have traveled all over the world, eating pizza in Brooklyn, Chicago and all points in between. Had thousands a pizza of every type, style and ingredients. I will say this as simply as I can, Lo Coco's pizza is simply the best pizza I have ever tasted. AND, nearly 40 years later, I can go in and eat the same pizza I had back in 1973. You cannot say that about a lot of things. But while many pizza's in this world can be replicated, I have never had one that was similar to Lo Cocos. Except at another Lo Coco's pizzeria. And, whenever I bite into one, I remember high school dates, drinking with my buddies after a softball game, take home gatherings with my parents and sibiling and fast forwarding to eating with my own kids. Vivid moments of memories wash over me in each bite, with new memories being added. Sorry I got romantic there....
<review# 239,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2009,10/1/2011,2,37,,1,1>I bought the introductory offer-- $150 for 3 private one-hour sessions and a mat class. As I'm total beginner, I was a little intimidated by all the equipment, but I totally enjoyed working with Ava-- she's patient, supportive, and encouraging. The mat class schedule is pretty limited, especially if you're working full time; the studio tends to cater to the one to three person classes. Overall, I had a great experience, and I thought seriously about getting into a trio class here, but ended up joining Club One and will try classes there.
<review# 240,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2011,9/30/2011,26,31,1,2,2>Delicious pulled pork!! The barbeque sauce is this fabulous sweet/spicy combo, the mac was delicious, and OMG the meat was smokey and fabulous.  Everywhere else in Petaluma serves a soggy pulled pork where the sauce is the star of the meal, not so at the BBQ Pit.  Added bonus? Super friendly staff.  If I wasn't moving to Baltimore, MD in 2 weeks...I'd definitely be a repeat visitor.
<review# 241,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2012,10/17/2012,32,203,8,3,7>Just opened and they're nailing it right out of the gate.Inventive menu, friendly service, and a warm vibe add up to a great new spot in the South A (arts district) neighborhood.  The wine list is affordable and perfectly paired to the eclectic dishes.We split a bunch of dishes to check it out and really loved: grilled goat cheese plate, pan fried garbonzo beans, calamari grille, fritters, pots de creme....The place is kind of small and I would really like to get in and eat regularly without hassle.  So please don't go there.  Ok?
<review# 242,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2012,10/16/2012,66,491,1,3,1>Came in here on Sunday.  It's the only place that is open on Sunday.  5 stars just for that!  No appointment needed.  Or you can make one if you want.I had my hair cut by Krishna.  She is awesome.  I had to have a lot of hair cut off since I had grown it out substantially before.  She re-styled my hair, added texture, and it looks much better now.  $15 for a haircut from a local place.  You won't find a better deal anywhere.
<review# 243,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2011,10/15/2012,76,18,,1,1>I love this place.  I recently bought a pair of earrings and bracelet for my girlfiend visiting form LA.  She loved it!  I get so much compliments on everything I purchased from Bling.  They carry the best accessories and the service is 5 star.
<review# 244,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2011,10/14/2012,14,6,,2,3>Great job Cathy! My pomeranians look amazing! Cathy was prompt and efficient. I have one rescue pom that is a biter and have had a hard time finding a groomer willing to take her. Cathy was not only willing but definitely capable. Little Mischa was giving her "kisses" by the time it was over. My Aiko usually whines non stop when I'm not there but she handled the little momma's boy like a real pro! I will definitely recommend her to all and when its time to groom again I know who I'm calling!!
<review# 245,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2012,10/13/2012,48,14,,2,1>¡WOW! At first, I was skeptical that I would even like Peruvian food. Well, I was VERY pleasantly surprised. Roberto, the main waiter, was super friendly and knowledgable about the different foods, and he kindly answered all of our questions about different menu items. I have ordered the "Arroz con Mariscos" several times since then and it is amazing!! The Yuca Frita is a great appetizer, so good I want to figure out how to make it at home. For dessert, try their ice cream with a shot of Pisco on top. It's a small restaurant, and gets packed quickly. Definitely a must try!
<review# 246,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2012,10/12/2012,22,12,2,7,4>I cannot rave enough about the Tofu Bahn Mi sandwiches here! I had no clue what I was in for when I first tried them, and now I cannot get enough! Fresh ingredients packed into the most yummy Costeaux Bakery baguette makes for a beautiful marriage of food items. Paired with some Noodle Soup or one of their tasty Spring Rolls, you can't go wrong. The owner of this place is very kind and hospitable, and he may actually be getting tired of seeing my face at this point! I kid. Try the Bahn Mi; also comes in BBQ Pork, Beef, and Chicken if you are of the meat-eating persuasion. You won't be sorry.
<review# 247,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2011,10/11/2012,4,24,2,2,2>Love love love Caelie!!! She feels like an old friend and is so easy to talk to! Last night, my car broke down and I was frantically trying to find a ride to get to Caelie as her last appointment of the night. I called her up and she totally waited for me for a good 20 minutes after my original appointment time so that I could get my brows done before my trip out of town. I trust no one else with my brows, and we are working on growing them out so they look like a movie star's brows! :) Sounds weird to grow them out, but TRUST HER. My new favorite facial feature for sure!
<review# 248,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2009,10/10/2012,423,254,3,9,3>Holy Cow, WHAT a find....and 2 miles from my house...and I have been driving to Safeway, equi-distant.....grrrrrr.Dunno if they changed it, but nothing confusing about the aisles now, all straight up and down, well labeled, wide and easy to find....This place would rock in the City or Palo Alto.....here out in sleepy Windsor its beyond a godsend.....Great fish and meats. Good produce. GREAT selection of cheeses.  Really good deli, salad bar, and decent pre made hot/cold items.Tons and tons of local Sonoma County products, but unlike a Whole Paycheck or a Trader Joes, ample supply of the normal stuff ya wan't too. Like everyone here in the area, laid back and Friendly....On Sunday, (maybe other days) they grill ribs, chicken, and other savory items all day....its a great, locals only, hideaway to grab lunch for a picnic, or groceries for the night.........Just when I thought living here was awesome, it got one better :)
<review# 249,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2012,10/9/2012,86,265,,2,1>Fantastic!!!This place by far beats out any other Italian restaurants in the North Bay. My Wife and I went to have a bite on a Tuesday night and couldn't have had a better time. We watched the end of the Giants game (they won) and ran into several friends while we were there. We had a coupon for a buy 1 get 1 free entree (never got to use it because our friends picked up the tab) but never wanted to use it because of HOW GREAT THE SERVICE WAS... yes it was that good! This place is quickly becoming a must try destination in all of the North Bay and we are proud to have them here in our very own Bennett Valley!We loved showing up the first time and everyone there making us feel like regulars.We will most certainly be back, and soon.
<review# 250,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2012,10/8/2012,8,19,,14,1>I live in Sausalito, and have eaten here 4-5 times now.  The first thing prospective customers need to understand is that this is not meant to be a replacement for the average, inexpensive Mexican restaurant that we're all used to.  It's more expensive for sure, and should be considered a nice evening out.  With enough drinks to satiate my thirst and enough food to call a meal, I tend to spend around $100 here for two people, including tip. Don't expect free chips/salsa, beans and rice to fill you up.  Not here.  You pay for everything, but with the implicit understanding that it'll all be really good.  It's the "small plates" concept so popular in San Francisco, applied to Mexican food.  (Personally, I translate "small plates" to "more expensive," and "quality focused")Now that the disclaimer's out of the way, I like the food.  A lot.  I just had dinner at the bar again Friday night.  Corn soup and salad were really excellent.  The organic, fresh vegetables really found their voice.  The salad leaves were dry, not wet from lazy preparation, and dressed lightly -- just perfectly.  Mexico City-Style quesadillas were all still excellent (I've had them several times), but it did seem to me that they held a bit less meat than past visits.  I'll be watching for this issue when visiting again. I have had the house ceviche in the past, and thought it excellent.  Guacamole, same.  Trying unsuccessfully to recall the other dishes I've had, but thought that the quality was high in general.Margaritas are all scratch made from freshly squeezed lime juice, no cheaters using a mix here.  Great selection of tequilas, like Tommy's in San Francisco.
<review# 251,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2013,8/21/2013,244,150,,3,1>I went to a Corporate event and "an affair..." did the catering.The food was great and their was a nice variety, even for non-meat eaters. It was a Hawaiian theme, with all the decor, including big Tiki's.The appetizers were yummy, tomato soup with panini sandwiches, little asparagus crepes, and more. I enjoyed the noodles and veggie friend rice.The server had quite a flair and described each dish making it fun.I want to have another affair ASAP!
<review# 252,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2013,8/20/2013,44,8,1,4,1>Back to eat at Chris' fabbo hot dog joint. Woof! Had the Slaw dog and it is the Slaw Slayer. Vienna dog & chili with a great slaw made in-house that wakes you up better than a 4 shot Americano. Side of those crispy fries and a Strawberry shake and it's happy camper time. Great service, friendly folks and oh yeah - always spinning some great blues & R&B tunes - can't beat it!
<review# 253,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2012,8/19/2013,33,42,,1,1>These guys rock! I agree with the previous reviewer, the guys deserve 6 stars!  I can't say enough great things about Ingemar and Eric! I've been taking my VW Jetta to Autowerks for a couple years now and this is quality work by master certified technicians at the best price in Sonoma County.  I had an emergency situation with my car, called and left a message at the shop late at night and Ingemar promptly called me back first thing in the morning. My car was in the air moments later. Now how's that for service! I'm moving out of the area soon, but will make the special trip down to Petaluma to Sonoma Autowerks to ensure that Eric and Ingemar are the only folks to lay tools on my little car.
<review# 254,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2013,8/18/2013,3,26,,1,1>Sprengers is pretty darn good--  good beer (at good prices, particularly for their $2.50 Tuesday special, where nearly all beers are $2.50) and good food too-- the burgers are enormous and are cooked well.  They have a trivia night, and lots of TVs to watch sports.  It is a welcome addition to the beer scene in Santa Rosa.
<review# 255,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2013,8/17/2013,724,333,6,7,5>Great place to stop at even if they are busy - place is huge, lots of good picnic / lunch food and the wine tasting bar is long with lots of room for everyone. The Red wines are good / decent. - I always recommend this place to friends that like white wine - plenty to choose from, I don't know how many wines they make, but as a Chinese friend says - many flavors - they have way more varietals than the average winery. Also - reasonably priced for wine country. Remember - it's always cheaper to buy from Bevmo or retail than it is at a winery. Prices are pumped up for the out of towners that don't have access to it in their state.
<review# 256,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2013,8/16/2013,80,57,3,5,2>The Pear and Cinnamon ice cream was sublime. It was a very intense experience of poached pear- how do they do that? Also had the chocolate milkshake and it was perfect! Not too sweet, intense chocolate flavor and blended to the perfect consistency! And, if you like waffle cones, they make their own, frequently during the day so they are very fresh, crispy and just lovely.
<review# 257,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2013,8/15/2013,21,98,2,3,2>This park is a definite treasure in Marin County.  I swear the views never get old.  I live in Sonoma County and willingly get out of bed to drive here for a morning run with my friends.  The terrain is challenging and a perfect spot for my half marathon training.  Even if that is not your cup of tea, you can still enjoy the beauty of the trails and the wonderful journey out to Arch rock.  The views are breath taking and well worth the 8.5 mile round trip distance from the trail head.  The park terrain ranges from Lush tree covered walkways and opens up to a sea cliff view of the ocean.  It has clean bathrooms at the entrance and some picnic grounds for an afternoon lunch under the trees.  I recommend a trip to this beautiful setting.
<review# 258,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2013,8/14/2013,25,75,2,3,2>I have two large St. Bernard's.  They LOVE their day at Planet Canine.  I bring them here every time it rains and now have created a Pavlovian response.   Oh boy!  RAIN!  Time to go play with our doggie buddies at Planet Canine!  We love our human friends too!  Steve will rub our bellies and Bill will play with us!  When I pick them up they are always exhausted, smelly and very happy.  Snacks, blankets, dog friends and human companions.  Greatest moment of my puppy life!  Can a dog's day get any better?I also use Planet Canine when our human overnights do not allow for our puppies to come along.  The boarding is very affordable and they have a great big kennel where my dogs can sleep together.  Did I mention that the two of them are 300 + pounds as a pair?  Yes they get the ground level kennel.  The price structure is very affordable.  Clare and Victor woof to check them out.
<review# 259,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2013,8/13/2013,45,118,5,5,3>The fourth star is for the Taylor Ham.  Which they have.  Which spares me having to smuggle it back from the east coast in my luggage.Thus far I've had a really, really good hoagie, a quite good buffalo chicken salad, some above-average pickles, and a latke with apple sauce that was nearly supernatural (possibly because I was starving).  All of these items I ordered to go.The to-go counter service was perfectly acceptable the first time, bewilderingly ineffective the second time.  There was a fellow in a cardigan wandering aimlessly behind the counter - was he new?  Was he suffering from ennui?  At any rate, he was completely useless, drifting here and there, while the gal working the register, taking orders, and packing food into bags was overwhelmed.  I hope sweater guy figures things out and rescues her.  For all our sakes.
<review# 260,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2013,8/11/2013,103,212,2,3,2>Not sure why I held out so long on this place after not being crazy about the take-out I got 6 or so years ago.  Have been twice in 1 week now and I'm ready to try everything on the menu.So far, I've tried the thai basil chicken, which was so rich and full of flavor I didn't want to stop eating it.  I wanted more.  And more.The chicken satay is very tender and the peanut sauce is sweet and savory and chunky.  The green curry with tofu and vegetables was probably the best I've ever had.  I ordered mine spicy+ and it kept my eyes on the verge of watering throughout the entire dish. I'm addicted.Our server was perfect - very friendly and professional.The ambiance is nice, decor is nice - modern, clean.  Though - i will say that the benches are either too high for the tables, or the tables are too low.  And the chairs that match the barstools really are not that comfortable.  Maybe put a cushion on them?  They also weigh a ton and make a horrible racket when you're pulling your chair out or pushing it in.Other than that... I'm addicted.  I will miss Thai Pot in Sebastopol, but am overjoyed I have a new local favorite.
<review# 261,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2010,4/19/2010,45,118,3,7,4>Overall, I really recommend this place.  I like the old paneling and un-fancy appointments, the beer is really good, and I hear the food is also good, though I never get there early enough to try it.This is a place for drinking good beer, and you'll pay for it.  Many beers on tap (30?).  They have a list, and let you try before you buy.  Ask for recommendations.  They also have hard ciders and beer in bottles (not on the list), so if you don't see what you're dying for, ask about it.  If you need a cheap drunk, this isn't the spot.I specifically recommend giving the Sour Ale a try if you like hard ciders.  It's not cheap, so get a taster first.  The Duchess is my favorite.The food's evolving, just added salads a little bit ago.  Worth checking back.It's small-ish and pretty mellow, although it gets loud and a little warm when there's a crowd.  Bathrooms are clean and well-lit, big mirrors in the ladies'.  It's the little things.
<review# 262,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2009,4/18/2010,108,294,6,3,4>Dear Boudin,I feel I should be honest with you. Since Panera Bread has not made it to the Bay Area yet, I expect you to be a decent substitute. But should Panera actually come here, and you continue to impress me (at this location) with your tasty sandwiches and A-Ok chowder, I will continue to give you my business. Your service is good. Your employees are friendly and clearly want to make sure diners have what they need, as evidenced by the 3 different people who checked on us at our table. I find this unusual for a restaurant of your style, but I like it. Nice touch.Thank you for being my Panera sub. I look forward to coming back and giving you more of my money.Sincerely, Liz
<review# 263,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2009,4/17/2010,423,254,5,6,7>Intrigued by postings on their Facebook fan site, I went in last Friday to taste and review. Armida has a good following, so I purposely went in early before it got busy.  So much of a winery and tasting room experience can be lost on the (important) tourist crowded weekends, and events.  If you are going to have fun, party with friends peak times are fine. If you are wine tasting with intent to experience some of the artisanship and culture, go at off peak times. (The reviews giving neg stars b/c the winery was busy, or noisy...thats outa their control, gimme a break. And yes, its tacky to drink other wine on the property and other wineries have a similar policy for legal reasons.)Driving into the parking lot, I see brunette female whizzing around on a forklift....I smile as I think I have glimpsed 'rock star winemaker' Jessica Boone in action. Turns out I have visited Armida before, but back in my first Bay Area stint - ~2002. Like many small wineries, it can be easy to overlook simple nuances, especially if you are tipsy from tasting, or the wine room is really busy. Like one of Armida's pinots, layers of complexity exist here, and if you gulp, you can easily miss them. Peeling back a few layers, I feel Armida represents an amazing example of a small but successful Sonoma winery and artisan at work.Armida is a small winery,  production is 10k cases total. To my surprise, and usually against my grain, they have a lot of varietal choices. I normally am a fan of small wineries that focus, but Armida pulls this off because of the organized methods of Jessica, the wine maker, which she touts as Virgo attributes.  (More on her in a minute.)Armida also gets that they need a good marketing presence that isn't cheesy.  After all Artisanship or no, if you don't generate income, winery go bye bye!  They have done an excellent job with brand awareness for Poizin, their Zin, as well as attract a healthy fan club. The property and views are beautiful. The wine room is well appointed....they sell a few things, but not overly commercial, in my opinion. Sure, I love wineries where the tasting room is nothing more than  barrels and a table, but I found nothing offensive here. Whats with the hate for the Poizon packaging.....hellloooo sadly guess what the #1 factor women use in deciding what to buy.....likely this subsidizes other varietals etc. This isn't a charity. It doesn't sell me, but I certainly don't hold it against them.The gentleman working the tasting room (forgot his name!) was younger, but passionate, friendly, and knowledgeable.   Armida has no tasting fee for basic wines.  (becoming rare) And all good choices.They also charge $10 for the premium wines...and worth it. (And I believe fee is refunded with purchase.) They say they are also dog friendly, if leashed and well behaved. (unlike a person who recently brought THREE in and then let them run rampant....poor form!)The sleeper star of Armida,  is Jessica. Named the 'rock star' wine maker,  Jessica embodies what I consider the essential elements of Sonoma County, and Armida's wines. She is an old soul, yet young, focused, and attractive (and sorry guys, taken).  Non pretentious she zooms around on the forklift, drives to the many grape sites, overseeing a myriad of activities needed to manage small, quality production of a fair # of varietals. Don't make the mistake of judging her experience by her youthful looks - Jessica is passionate, focused, knowledgeable, and easy to talk to. Not just on wine, but the ins and outs of the RR Valley.....I have to confess I did a horrid job taking notes on my tasting, as I enjoyed our conversation . This is a winemaker with no airs, pretense, or b.s. She loves her work, jumps into any task, and does it well.  I was fortunate to have take over my tasting and pour, share her thoughts with me.  My fave...the Pinots, one Zin, and Barbera.  I am sure many other great people labor in support of their wines, but Armida owners should recognize the PR potential of Jessica, and use it to its fullest. In today's Web 2.0, social networking world, Jessica has the potential to help Armida combine old world artisanship with new world marketing. Take advantage of what you have here...Too much review time on the winemaker instead of the winery...? Maybe, but for me the joy of small wineries are the personalities and stories that drive them. Which is why I enjoy wineries like Mounts, Preston, Talty etc so much, and want to do whatever I can to help others experience them, as well as they be successful.Cheers!
<review# 264,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2010,4/16/2010,248,493,10,12,11>Call me Little Bo Peep, but if there is goat cheese on a menu - any menu, I am ordering it. Ok, so Bo Peep had sheep. I guess I'm her sister then - No Peep. A year had somehow come and gone since my first visit, but the place was as warm and inviting as ever. So intimately lit, such an ambiance - though the place was packed, we never felt crowded and never unattended. In fact, we felt like VIDs here - Very Important Diners, the service was spot on. We were brought complimentary raviolis to start, decadent generous pockets of pasta stuffed with a mixture of light cheeses, with a smattering of fresh tomato sauce and a shot of pesto. Ah, bella, bella. As an appetizer, I very predictably ordered the goat cheese salad. Not just bits of crumbled goat cheese, this was encased in toasted hazelnuts. On a bed of peppery greens with a light dressing and dried cherries. Accompanied by toasted bread and caramelized onions! Now, these were little golden gems that I was not aware were to accompany my dish. I love caramelized onions ALMOST as much as the cheese of goat. This salad was all my favorite things on one plate. For dinner it had to be the pork chop. Not that I am a die hard for the chop, but it was accompanied by brussels with bacon and one would be a fool not to have brussels. And bacon. And bacon and brussels. Perfectly succulent pork, which we all know is no small feat, beautiful brussels and salty crispy bacon. I cleaned my plate. Quite piggishly. How appropriate. My partners in crime ordered the pear and gorgonzola salad and margarita pizza. Such great dishes in themselves - even if we had wanted to, there was not a complaint to be had. I know, because I wasn't lying about the Piggish part, I ate half the pizza as well. The drinks are expensive, but they are excellent and you just can't beat the feel of this place, certainly my favorite in Napa. Or at least, No Peep's favorite...
<review# 265,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2009,4/15/2010,147,287,18,21,18>I've been to Sunshine twice. The first time was when I was in desperate need for pivot bolts for my Turner. I'd been to three other "authorized" Turner dealers looking for them, all of whom gave me a blank stares and had no idea why I'd want such a thing. I finally ended up at Sunshine where Tony immediately replied "Sure, the T40 ones, right? Lemme see what I have... how many you need?" (Four?) "Got 'em right here. There ya go. Nah, don't worry about it!"That earned a six pack of beer for sure.Second time was when another shop botched a fork rebuild. $120 saw my fork explode 10 minutes into it's first ride. Wheeled it into Sunshine - where I knew I should have taken it first - and was taken care of. They called the manufacturer, tried to get it done under warranty, confirmed what the problem was, and had it back to me the day the part came in at a fair price - with the reminder that if I have ANY problems with it, to bring it back in and they'll make it right.That earned a 12 pack.Service aside, they've got a great selection of stuff. Authorized dealers for some pretty tasty rigs, and their wee shop is stuffed to the rafters with components, clothing, and accessories. They are a little pricey, you're paying MSRP for everything, and I don't think they price match the way Mikes Bikes does - but hey, the service is worth it.Like I said, I've been there twice. You can be sure that I'll be there again.
<review# 266,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/5/2010,4/14/2010,340,166,17,13,18>Chander Bourke was firing his vaptor laser at me as I ran towards a crowd of shiftless conversationers.  (Really, Chander?  Innocent bystanders waiting for breakfast?)  I ducked into the cafe and found a booth to hide in.  The dining room crowd was hushed in an instant.  I was in my black slime-proof duster looking like a fool from another time and place.  I yelled for a cup of coffee.  I smiled when it came.   Chander was outside still, firing his damn laser at anyone that looked remotely like me.  I ordered a short stack of granola cakes with a side of fresh fruit.  Everything arrived looking wonderfully.  Hot coffee was replenished.  I forgot about the pending trouble outside for a moment. "A-ha!"  A loud realization burst came from the the dining room entrance.  It was Chander getting ready to ruin my last breakfast.  Claudia, one of Gillwood's favorite servers, handed him a menu.  That very split-second, I flung a syrup-soaked granola frisbee right at Chander's grill.  It was all for naught and only frustrated him more.  He fired a shot off at me, but I was already two booths over, my ass crash-landing in somebody's Eggs Florentine.  With a desperation I've never known, I tried to gain footing in order to leap in any given direction and avoid being splattered by a laser beam.  These boots, made for climbing mulberry mountains on Pridnoe (my favorite moon off of the coast of Lilasia-Warner), made for sustaining the lava waves on Shydawn Lake (not the vacation spot it used to be), made for running on scandium sands in the middle of an yttrium storm, were at this instant no match for a puddle of Eggs Florentine.  My left leg slipped out from beneath me and I was sitting down helpless once again.  I felt the red trigger light jotting across my face as Chander took aim.  A blast whistled past my ear.  He waited agonizingly for the blaster to recharge.  Thinking quickly, Claudia rushed at him with a pot of hot coffee.  She screamed in excitement as she let loose the scolding hot wave onto his face.  Chander's gun dropped to the floor.  He grabbed his red hot face in agony as interorbital officers apprehended him and marched him out of the restaurant.  The hum of conversation slowly returned to the comfortable volume of only moments before. Gillwoods could have been my last meal on Earth.  And I guess I really couldn't have complained about that (nor would I have been able to cheer about it either).  I tipped heavy on Claudia's plate that morning, as many other patrons had.  It was a great meal.  It was a job well done.  It was, overall, not a bad experience.
<review# 267,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2010,4/13/2010,3,53,,7,3>Where to begin...wow!Part of the experience of the French Laundry is the anticipation--once you've actually made a reservation, the 2-month countdown can begin.  Reading reviews, finding menus on the internet, paging through the French Laundry cookbook...all to prepare for an amazing meal.  My wife and I had extremely high expectations...so high that I was getting a little nervous that nothing could live up to them.  But thankfully I was wrong.  The staff is of course friendly and extremely attentive.  There were probably 6 or 8 different people who served us throughout the night.  Our main waiter was extremely knowledgeable and was sure that the pace of the meal was never hurried.  He stepped us through the menu and answered many questions.  The sommelier was very helpful as well.  He encouraged us to try a wine before committing to a full glass--this is important since each glass is in the $20-$40 range.  Our meal was absolutely amazing.  We both had the regular Chef's menu (not the vegetarian one), and we were sure that we tried each dish offered.  The highlights of the meal were...well...everything!  But the butter poached lobster and the foie gras stand out a week later.  A couple of things to note--we read up on other Yelper's experiences put their recommendations to the test.  First, we asked for the "Coffee and Doughnuts" dessert (which wasn't on the menu).  To our surprise, not only did the kitchen accommodate us, but that dessert was an entire extra course!  We asked for it assuming that it would replace the dessert course on the menu...not so.  It was great!Second, many here on Yelp mentioned that sometimes a tour of the kitchen is available.  We asked for it and were quite impressed!  We had assumed that they'd either walk us through quickly or just give us a quick glimpse.  Instead, we walked back into the (very small) kitchen and were introduced to the entire kitchen staff.  They were quite busy (obviously) but still found a moment to nod and say hello as our waiter did the rounds pointing out who each person was.  We stood for a moment and he pointed out a few interesting points, then offered to take our picture in the kitchen.  We were so tickled that we could barely contain ourselves.  As another review said, it's tempting to go back into all of my reviews and deduct a star, since this 5-star review is so far beyond anything else I've experienced.  Perhaps I can keep everything else as 5-stars and just put the French Laundry at 10.  It was that amazing.
<review# 268,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2010,4/12/2010,66,73,7,12,9>I found this place when I first moved to Novato almost 6 years ago.  A few other places have opened but nothing compares.The prices are reasonable, the food is fresh and they are always very friendly.  My daughter who is now 8 LOVES going to Taki.  She asked for milk at one visit (which they didn't carry)  they went next door to Safeway and bought some so she could have it with dinner :)THAT is service!We'll be back again and again!!
<review# 269,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2009,4/11/2010,100,150,11,10,9>Arturo is still bar tending there.  That is all you need to know.  He is the hardest working man in dive business. 2 jobs, one all day then there at night. He takes Sat/ Sunday off so come midweek if you want to meet him and see why I keep coming back here time and time again. Your popcorn is stale Silver Peso, but I don't care because that adds to the charm.Somebody gave this place one star for being "sleazy"? Do you know how hard it is to come off as sleazy these days? That is a big achievement in my book.  Sleazy is the new American Pie.
<review# 270,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2010,4/10/2010,54,279,2,4,2>Two words: Taco Tuesday! That about sums it up. $1 tacos, $3-4 beers, 1/2 off appetizers...yum! The tacos actually turned out to be pretty tasty and were handmade! Get there early because seats fill up quick! As far as authenticity goes this isn't the type of place to go but for cheap good food it does the job.
<review# 271,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2007,3/10/2008,58,38,1,9,7>Just got back from eating at Om after seeing The Namesake (it was an Indian themed evening I guess)  and was very pleased. It was recommended by some Indian friends as very authentic, as compared to what they described as the overly sweet sauces at nearby Lotus that they felt were more for the American palate. Although I would also still recommend Lotus for a more typical Indian food experience, Om definitely offers more unusual choices for those who want to go beyond the usual chicken tika masala and tandoori that you can get anywhere else (they don't serve either at Om, or Naan, since I don't believe they have a tandoori oven). But don't worry, you won't miss the typical offerings - there's too many interesting things to try. We started with the free basket of papadums they brought to the table - they were thin, hot, and fresh out of the fryer and oh so good. We tried several fried appetizers and liked them all - especially the Medhu Vadai, which are soft savory lentil donuts and the Chicken Anjappa - fried boneless chicken pieces. The soup was a spicy and intensely flavored thin broth that was good but too exotic for some in my group. We also tried an appetizer whose name I can't remember, but it was soft steamed rice cakes floating in a coconut soup. It was also very good, but again was a bit shocking to those less adventurous folks in my party who are used to typical Indian food. The masala dosa and uthappam crepes were very good, with good flavor in both the crepe itself and the filling. We also tried the spinach chicken and the kadala curry (chickpeas in masala) and both were very fresh and tasty with a very homemade quality. All the desserts were very good - we tried the Gulab Jamun, which were much better than the stale dry balls I often have had at other places, as well as the kulfi, and the carrot halwa, which may be an acquired taste for some. We had good service and all the staff were friendly and helpful. We came with a large party, as well as our 16 month old daughter, and they handled it well and were very sweet and welcoming to the baby. It is a small restaurant, so reservations would be wise for a large party. The decor is nothing special, but who cares, the food is good! The Chef/ Owner came out several times to say hello, and invited my husband and daughter into the kitchen to watch him cook. I wish we had tried some seafood dishes since they had a fish curry special that sounded good, but we had a fish hater in the group so it will have to wait. We had a lovely time and plan to return.
<review# 272,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2008,3/8/2008,728,671,3,5,6>I was about to say how authentic this place is, then realized, "What the hell do I know about authentic Thai?!" Growing up in my house, noodles meant spaghetti and peanuts were for peanut butter.However, I do know yummy when I taste it, and both occasions I've been to Royal Thai I have loved every dish. The veggies are fresh and the sauces delicious. And like Osha Thai, I could kiss them for having brown rice. The salmon (cooked in bamboo leaves = extra moist) and miso black cod were my favorites this last trip. The service has also been stellar both visits--super fast and friendly. They generously brought out fried bananas and coconut ice cream with a candle and sang for our friend's 85th birthday! It's also fine for kids and big groups. You don't even have to beg or bribe this City girl to cross the bridge to have dinner at Royal Thai!
<review# 273,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2008,3/7/2008,567,250,5,10,8>This is a cozy little breakfast place in Sausalito. They also serve lunch, but I have only tried their breakfast menu. They cook up savory omelettes and huge fluffy pancakes. I usually make this my destination when I am riding my bike across the bridge from San Francisco. I think that's the only way anyone can tempt me to cross the bridge on my bike. With Delicious FOOD!Its a popular place with minimal sitting, so get there early or be prepared to wait outside.
<review# 274,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2008,3/6/2008,67,339,,6,5>I love this hardware store. It's small, yes, but only in appearance. I've found everything I've needed since moving up to the bay, and that's a lot, considering that I moved hundreds of miles away. The neat thing is that they have a hardware section with all of your plumbing, painting, hanging, lighting, handy needs. Then they have a gardening section, a miscellaneous section, and one of my favorites, an entire separate room for all your "home good" needs. Pots, pans, brooms, spatulas, knick knacks, you name it. They even had assorted sized canning jars for the home made hot fudge I was passing out during Christmas time. When the power was out a few weeks ago, they were still open, selling what was left of their supplies for flooding and darkness. I got my hand crank emergency radio from them, equipped with cell phone charger. I am proud to have Jim's Ace Hardware as my local handy hang out.
<review# 275,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2007,3/5/2008,119,107,20,10,5>Only a half hour out of the city, and a fifteen minute walk from the nearest parking lot, this campsite is as convenient as it is remote-feeling. No campfires, so bring a camp stove. Or lots of powerbars. Alternatively, bring your raw foodist friends and tell them you will waive their portion of the site cost (which doesn't exist) if they purchase, carry, and prepare all meals. Minus one star for the appearance of the port-a-potties that accompany the site. Plus a half a star for the existence of the port-a-potties and the fact that they smell less poopy than most.Bring warm clothes -- it gets foggy and damp and cold.Speaking of poop, when I arrived at the site I was greeted by a gaggle of pre-teen boys who were apparently camping out at site 1 (of 5), under the care of an employee of GGNRA (Golden Gate National Riffle Association -- wait, no, that's not quite right.... ahh, close enough). As we approached the site:A boy bursts out of port-a-potty #2 screaming: "Eeeewwwww..... there's a turd the size of a dead rat!"I'm assuming this was the clever young lad's way of disowning the fact that he had just produced said turd. (whoever smelt it dealt it, my son). Clever boy.In any case, I stuck to port-a-potty #3, which I found to be quite suitable.
<review# 276,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2008,3/4/2008,364,268,9,15,13>The answer is "No". Italians DO NOT just eat pasta and pizza. Italians also feast on short ribs, chicken, snapper, clam, and even meatballs. EXCEPT for this one little fact--their short ribs are braised with a side of celery root puree; thier chicken is "al mattone" (which means it's cooked under a brick); thier snapper is paired with lemon and roasted sunchokes; their clam is braised in a stew with calamari and polenta; and their meatballs are chard and made with ricotta.  I've never been to Italy, however, my dining experience at Poggio's transported me to a small rustic town on the outskirts of Florence where I found myself sitting outside a trattoria enjoying a steaming bowl of clam stew with polenta, while the handsome Italian waiter (with perfect eyebrows and an alluring smile) refills my glass with house-made sparkling water.  I open my eyes and I find myself in Sausalito, eating the same stew and being served by the same Italian waiter, who asks me in English to refill my water.
<review# 277,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/5/2007,3/3/2008,38,67,14,6,8>If there was ever a nexus of corporate espionage somewhere in Novato among all of the business parks around Bel Marin Keys, it would be Michael's Sourdough. Hidden conveniently in the lunchtime shadow of corporate America, the restaurant is a treasure-trove of wonder.I'm convinced that the owner (who I think is the cashier that's there every day with his wireless phone permanently grafted to his ear) is secretly a Russian spy, listening in on the secrets discussed over amiable lunchtime chats between corporate executives.One can simply sit in a shadowed corner of the restaurant and adjust their ears to the ambient sounds of conversation, picking up on budgets, service level agreement discrepancies, political gossip, personal chat, romantic advice, inter-office antics, and raw ambition. If you brought an empty bottle, you could simply wave it through the air, cap it, and sell it as "freshly bottled at the source, corporate saaviness."The sandwiches are good - the rye being my favorite. But be warned - the diet root beer in the fridge is caffeine free.
<review# 278,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/22/2007,3/2/2008,90,588,4,7,3>This is a review by a non-drinking vegetarianSo I would give it 2 stars if I had consumed their main offering. I give three so as not to affect the rating too much.The garlic fries are awful. They are frozen steak fries with raw chopped garlic tossed on. No oil, no heat, nothing to bind or meld flavors (not that the steak fry had any taste of it's own).The bruchetta was ok. Service was slow.I guess just go here for beer. There's no reason to eat here unless you want to stuff your face because the portions are huge.
<review# 279,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/12/2008,3/1/2008,361,318,4,16,9>I had absolutely no expectations when I woke up one Saturday afternoon and wanted to get a quick, short hike in that morning. After some research, the shortest, closest trail with a waterfall was the one leading to Dawn Falls in Larkspur. From a waterfall perspective, this is one of the weakest ones in Marin - not sure why as it was raining just as hard here in this area as any others I visited within the same time frame, but for whatever reason, the water just does not flow as well as the other waterfalls in Marin. The only thing going for it is that it's about 10 minutes from the 101 (all other waterfalls are a good 20-45 minutes from the 101). From the trailhead, the waterfall is just over 1 mile to get to.As for the hike / scenery, well it's beautiful. It's a really simple trail to walk or even run; covered trail for about 90-95% of the time. It's a dog-friendly trail and it's pretty wide for the most part (narrows as you get closer to the waterfall at the end of the trail). In fact, this trail is so easy, I wouldn't be surprised to see Mill Valley soccer moms with their Starbucks in hand on a regular basis when on this trail chatting away on their cel phones.Parking is a pain (trail starts at the very end of Madrone Ave. which is a narrow residential street). There is limited parking in the area and it's clearly marked. Chances are some of the neighbors might flag this review as they dislike drawing any more traffic to their streets.===============For more hiking recommendations:yelp.com/list_details?li
<review# 280,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2008,2/28/2008,35,122,5,7,5>Where are you other yelpers finding fresh, perfectly cooked fish in as fun an atmosphere for better prices than these?  Seriously, I'd like to know because until then, I'll be making the trek back out to Sausalito, pre-burning the calories by hiking through Muir Woods, and then gorging myself on fish tacos and potato wedges. I'm not all that into fried food, but I'm updating my last meal on earth to Fish's fish and chips. Best Bay Area discovery since Little Star Pizza.
<review# 281,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2009,7/13/2010,129,261,7,9,5>Why oh why is it that almost every nail salon has that one rude ass gruff esthetician, and I always get THAT ONE?  Geez ~Anyhow, clean facilities, lots of OPI nail polish, hella dudes working up in this place the afternoon I went. But most of the employees there are very nice and accomodating.  Great pedi, quick, affordably priced, and so far, the polish has not chipped off. Yay~
<review# 282,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2009,7/12/2010,14,38,5,6,6>My husband and I have been in a long distance relationship with  Pizzeria Picco in Larkspur for our Neopolitan style pizza fix for quite some time now. It's been hard and although we hardly ever get to eat at Picco and therefore feel like the relatioship has been on the outs, we haven't broken things off because we have never found anything better, or at least comparible without the commute. That is, until Rosso. Rosso is everything we were looking for in a neopolitan style pizza - wood fired, impossibly thin crust, perfect sauce, just enough cheese, and wouldn't you know it, we are from the same town. This is pizza at it's best. If you are looking for a thick, humiliated pizza hut style pie, look else where. This is highly sophisticated pie, and it's a bit pricier as well but worth it in my humble opinion. For first timers, you can't go wrong with the Margharita and Funghi. The only downfall is the location in that it's hard to see from the road and not much foot traffic. Other than that, delicioso!
<review# 283,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2010,7/11/2010,362,1009,3,5,3>While the East Bay is full of a plethora of vegan pizza joints, Santa Rosa is - sadly - a bit lacking. Seeing as Xtreme Pizza's soy cheese pizza has milk in it, and Slice of Life is all the way in Sebastopol, it leaves me somewhat S.O.L. when I've got a hankering for some.Lucky for me, there's Papa Murphy's. This one is right down the street, and I can stop in and pick up a plain, pre-made crust for $3.99 (the price is the same across all sizes), head over to Safeway for the fixings, and be eating my fresh, hot, homemade vegan pizza from the comfort of my own home within the hour.Now you might be asking why I can't just make my own crust? Well, that's time-consuming, and I still haven't found THE recipe for pizza crust. For now, Papa Murphy's is the best I can find - it's delicious and crisp and consistently good - plus it's pre-made, so I don't have to get the kitchen (too) messy...
<review# 284,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2010,7/10/2010,122,132,4,14,10>I've now had 3 massage sessions and one ion foot bath from Jessa Skin here in San Rafael.   After the 1st 2 massages and the ion foot bath, I was able to once again sleep lying down, after having to sleep for the past year sitting up due to asthma and acid reflux.  Tonight I came out of the session and it was like nothing I've ever experienced.  While my body is essentially jello tonight (still, over 3 hours after the session ended), my mind was in a very different place and I couldn't explain it until Jessica said "you're drunk on life" - and then it dawned on me.  Since I haven't had any alcohol in my body in almost six years, I'd forgotten what being drunk feels like.  Until tonight.  It's the most amazing thing.  When I went outside after the session (I had to sit and reorient a bit first) it was like everything was more full of life - the trees, the clouds, flowers... If you have never experienced a massage / energy session from Jessica, you're missing out on the most amazing and blessed experience life has to offer.  Every session turns out different.  yet every one is beyond...
<review# 285,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2010,7/9/2010,103,359,7,10,8>I give the restaurant 5 stars but with limited judgement.    Dry Creek Kitchen is one of the best dining experiences in the Bay Area.  I've read some of the other reviews on Yelp and parts of all of them ring true.  Walking into the restaurants one knows that it will be a special dining experience.  The decor and lighting are post modern with oversized lampshades and muted tones.  The wait staff is trained in Russian white glove service and team waiters hover as you are seated however service wained before and after the dinner courses. I agree with other Yelpers that the service can be uneven and pretentious at times but it is far better than other restaurants.  The wait staff prejudged our ability to order and select wine becuase of our hiking attire. But, after a bit of conversation and an invitation to sample our great bottle of wine their attitude changed.  This is my third experience within a year and the food is consistently wonderful.  The assembly of food is memorable and well handled.  The inventive courses satisfy the palate and the wine list is comprehensive.  The wine list features Sonoma County wines, which is alwyas a treat to see the best at a glance.  Every wine on the list is special.  The restaurant easily amused us by serving two complimentary dishes after we were served the wrong salad and kitchen was slow with our meal.  Our late seating should not have thrown the kitchen's timing off as it did.  This seemed just wrong for a fine dining establishment.  My last experience at Dry Creek also had a kitchen foible.  On that occasion they repaired damage by serving extras.The prices reflect the Russian white glove service and I wouldn't go here without expecting to spend a little green.
<review# 286,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2010,7/8/2010,77,464,4,2,2>I made resi's for lunch here fairly reluctantly, since I'm becoming more and more AGHAST that the phenomenon where some food network star chef personality opens a bunch of restaurants, hosts a bunch of shows (including the ubiquitous watch-me-put-the-grossest-thing-I-can-find-in-my-­mouth show), plasters their face and name on numerous products from knives to sauces to panties.apparently there was no basis to my fear, because the airy sunny spot staffed by cute young things and an even more darling sommelier, is a perfect place to lunch. altho, to be honest I remember very little about our meal because once we started in on the 'polenta under glass' starter, everything else, including the love I share with my husband, just fell away and paled in comparison.
<review# 287,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/9/2009,7/7/2010,265,769,4,7,5>We came in Wednesday night for some Wings (yum!)  some home made potatoe chips (i like them better hot, but they are really good any way you try them) with french onion dip for dipping.  an order of Sweet Potatoe Fries with Curry sauce (killer, and god I love those fries!)and of course cocktails and some pool. Kids eat for $2 on wednesdays.    They still have the Thurs night pizza and the Friday night pasta (mmmmm)  Drinks $2 8-11pm.  can't beat that.  Way fun place to go hang out and have some really good homecooked grub!
<review# 288,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2010,7/6/2010,121,139,10,11,10>I was about to throw away a perfectly good pair of boots that had a worn heel tip, but husband suggested I take them to a shoe repair.  I said "Shoe repair?!  Waddaya think this is, the old country; there's no shoe repair in Marin!"But, next thing you know husband took my boots along with a wedge that had a loose sole and I had a very quick and economical turnaround.Thanks Marelli Bros!
<review# 289,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2008,7/5/2010,38,33,2,4,5>What can I say that hasn't already been said?  The owner was a friendly gentleman, encouraging sampling, as well as stocking some delicious candies that I didn't know existed any more.  If you're working or visiting or anything in Sausalito, come on by and take some candy for the road.Since everything wonderfully amazing was said about this place already, I'll contribute my 5 stars; most deserving!
<review# 290,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2007,7/4/2010,0,62,,2,2>More people need to know about United Market. I lived in Marin for a year before I finally went inside. I had the impression that is was a market for seniors-it reminded me of the grocery store my grandmother used to take me to on the army base.Any how the prices are cheaper than all big chain markets and the selection of items is a blend of safeway and whole foods. The carry lots of locally grown/made foods. Check out the tamales in the refrigerator section near the salsas. They are so good!Also their bakery makes cakes with realy buttercream icing not the fake crap. Good for kids birthdays
<review# 291,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2008,5/21/2008,251,652,,4,4>This place dances dangerously close to that line I suppose all family-owned reasonably-priced eateries have to deal with: the one dividing homey kitsch and that vomit of overdone either tasteless or excessively ironic kitsch.  I'm really not sure how to categorize the decorating scheme here.But I liked it.  And the uniformly deadpan/friendly (a winning combo for me!) waitstaff.More importantly, the food was good.  First great test of all breakfast joints is: what do their homefries look like?  T&J's are crispy and incorporate red peppers and onions and herbs.  I ordered the special "cornbread basil scramble" which looked as odd as it sounds, but sh*t it was tasty.  Why has no other place thought of this, or if such another place exists (maybe closer to home??), why have I never crossed paths with it?  I took home the leftovers, and they were gone 4 hours later.Some strange guy sitting accross the table from me had the pesto chicken sandwich and side salad and that was also most stellar - crispy sourdough bread, tender chicken, a tasty but not overwhelming (or overly bread-sogging) dollop of pesto.If downtown San Rafael were more impressive and didn't give me and uncomfortable time-warp-y feeling  - mainly as a function of its exposing many of what I thought were East Bay originals as chains - T&J's would certainly be a regular spot for me.
<review# 292,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2008,5/20/2008,0,3,4,5,4>Peter Pan Donuts became my new friend few months ago when I went to Sausalito to visit my best friend who worked at the Civic Center.  While I waited for her lunch break, i strolled along pass the tourisy area and found this  very cute donut shop.  It's kind of out of the blue to have a donut shop in that area, but I think that's what makes it special for a town like Sausalito.   I was there late morning and as soon as I stepped in... Mmmmmmmm.. i saw them.. those hideous sexy erotic mouth watering monsters staring at me... I knew I just had to get at least 1.. and 1 for my friend.     So far, over the past few months, I've tried probably about 10 different donuts,  one each time I visit my friend .    I also love their espresso drinks, definetly kick starts my morning. I'm not a pig but I do love food! Especially donuts!Other than donuts and coffee, i've had lunch there once.. had their pastrami sandwich.. and it totally blew me away.  My friend had a turkey sandwich which she thought was good.   It was simple, yet tasty filled with love.  The service was great, nice people.  Occasionally I see a guy who works there who's kinda cute, I hope he doesn't Yelp and sees this. lol. I think the cafe is kinda  unique in its own old fashion ways, most cafes now a days you'd see that the manager triy TOO HARD to impress people by the facility's appearance.  This place.... the service and food compensates the looks.  It has that old sausalito look, which makes it kind of cozy.. especially with that coconut tree.. lol.
<review# 293,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2008,5/18/2008,302,835,1,9,6>If El Dorado Kitchen had gone Chinese / Asian fusion. Bravo for balancing ancient tradition with modern technique to create a relaxing yet inventive atmosphere.The owner and staff take great pride and care in their service and food quality. Phenomenal dim sum - carts on Sunday and available as small bites (Peking Duck a must!)...classic siu mai amazingly flavorful with choice meats...make sure to try the beef pockets as well - a fun take on the paper pockets but with seared-affect lean cut beef. Dim sum just starts to skim their dishes. Fresh takes on most classics with much more inventive use of spices and flavors. I thought pricing was appropriate for food quality and preparation. Quality...not stuff-your-face. Surroundings, food preparation and service impeccable and beatnik elegant -- equally perfect for a quiet lunch or formal, swank dinner.Another star for completely organic food sources, lean, high quality protein, phenomenal food preparation and use of furniture made from renewable sources. Earth friendly to every possible extreme. Fair trade practices. Organic and low sodium condiments wherever possible. Organic, yummy milks if you're having a craving or have the little guys with you.Has a side Harmony Take-Out with a few parking spots reserved for a quick run into the store.Ignore the lower 3 star and below reviews...the diners clearly did not get the concept, goal nor care of the food and materials sources. Not a Chinatown quick food mart. HARMONY - creating harmony and balance!  $35 bill for at least 5 dim sum plates, pot of organic, jasmine tea, organic chocolate milk, dessert and we couldn't finish everything.
<review# 294,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2008,5/17/2008,101,81,10,9,9>Galen of JB Piano Company is a piano tuner extraordinaire.  He was quite knowledgeable and reasonable in tuning our spinet piano, even telling us that we only needed a slight tuning, so he was charging us much less than the full price of a tuning!He also gave us great information about local piano and music classes for when our baby is ready to embark on this.Okay, I am always the matchmaker.  I will therefore make this observation: single ladies with a piano or in need of a piano, please note (excuse the pun) that Galen is successful, musical, and attractive.  I am not sure if he is available in this sense, but you will still be lucky if he only tunes your piano or directs you in buying one.
<review# 295,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2007,5/16/2008,27,124,4,15,8>I signed up a few months ago and everything Court says above rings true for the 6 month contract I signed up for (minimum).I love this.  I'm not rolling in cash like the Marin-ites seem to be, their noses stuck up in the air while they wear their designer workout gear to pick up the dog crap.  But I digress...  This is a really affordable way to enjoy the pampering we all deserve.I've had the pleasure of working with 3 different therapists.  I started out with Brian and he's great.  He's a bit off the beaten path but really believes in the work he does.  He gives a more "medical massage" for lack of a better term.  He works with a chiropractic office or two during the rest of his week and, while he doesn't pop your bones here, he's really aware of alignment and such.  I told him about the spinal fusion I'd had a few years back and he said that his wife had been through back pain as well.  He started massage therapy to care for her and now takes care of others--what a sweetheart!  Oh, and you've gotta read his poetry.  There's a copy of his book in the Quiet Room (waiting room that you can relax in before getting your treatment).Dominique does a good relaxation massage with a lot of pressure point type of stuff built in.  She's very sweet and attentive to her clients' desires.My favorite though is Lauren.  I went in for a relaxation massage  and I walked out more relaxed than I've been in....well, I can't remember!  She started off lightly but was responsive to my request to increase the pressure.  Wonderful full-body massage.  My only regret was that I hadn't signed up for the 90 minute massage that day.The $60 auto-debit is for a one hour massage.  But if you want to get a little extra luxury, drop just $18 more for an extra half-hour.  Definitely worth it.Honestly, this is one of the nicest things that I've been able to treat myself to without feeling guilty.  If nothing else, go once for a $39 60-minute massage.  You never have to go back and what have you lost?
<review# 296,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/17/2008,5/14/2008,58,38,8,12,10>As far as suburban Italian restaurants go, this place is pretty good (I would give it 3.5 stars if given the opportunity) - and the location doesn't get much more suburban that this - Aurora is in a converted commercial office building in the industrial business park area of Novato. This is not the area of town that one would normally seek out for a nice dinner unless you plan to raid the vending machines at corporate headquarters, but they make the most of the space with cheery paint and artwork, white tablecloths and plenty of candles.Aurora occupies the space that was formerly Christopher's, a restaurant that was popular with the cubicle cowboys at lunch time and the silver haired set at dinner time, and I'm sure this same clientele will be very pleased with what Aurora has to offer. It's a definite step up from Christopher's, and any culinary progress in the 'burbs is noteworthy indeed. There are actual Italians running the restaurant and serving the food - which is usually a good sign in my book (although I know that there are plenty of non-Italian chefs who can make a mean bowl of risotto and it's more likely that the guys in the kitchen are from Mexico City than Rome) and they offer more authentic Italian options than you see on most menus in these parts. We particularly liked the rotolini di melanzane appetizer - rolls of sliced eggplant stuffed with gorgonzola, pesto and walnuts - but were slightly surprised by the small portion size. The sweet balsamic dressing on the mixed greens was also quite nice and much better than your average house dressing. The calamari fritti and caesar salad were both good enough if not earthshakingly exciting, as were the large portions of veal scaloppine and chicken parmigiana. The homemade gnocchi were quite well prepared, which was a nice surprise since, as my fellow gnocchi lovers know, good gnocchi, like good men, are hard to find. I've already found me a good man, but my search for the perfect light, fluffy pillows of goodness in creamy sauce continues......and although Aurora's gnocchi are really good, they're not quite marriage material. The service needed a little work (forgotten glasses of wine, ignored requests for substitutions on the side dishes and the like) but we came in close to closing time at the late, late hour of *gasp* 8:45 PM (there's a reason this town is nicknamed "Slovato") and closed down the place, so perhaps it can be blamed on waiter fatigue, or simply the fact that they've only been open for a little over a month. Overall this is a nice alternative to predictable Pasta Pomodoro fare and I plan to return to take those gnocchi out on a second date. Who knows, they just might make a good booty call until true gnocchi love arrives.
<review# 297,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2008,5/12/2008,156,1159,5,16,7>I just purchased a $2,500 all organic latex mattress.  Yes, the price did take my breath away for a moment.But Bambie & I returned 2 Sealy posturpedic mattresses & box springs within 6 months because they both started to sag in the middle.  Bambie & I are not overweight.   Regular factory big name mattresses are all made from crap, assembled shoddily, and marked up 3 to 5 times by the time you get to a chain store to purchase them.What a delight to find a family owned business that has the mattresses custom manufactured to high quality specifications.  What a delight to purchase the product from the store owner who designed the mattress.The mattresses itself is a delight. I chose the firm. Still it's comfortable, gives in the right spots, and supports my aging aching back.A winner.   Save up your bucks for a good bed,  it's worth it!
<review# 298,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2008,5/9/2008,170,264,4,7,8>I don't know about any regulars that have become "annoying" as the previous review said. Last night, I was a virgin to 142 Throckmorton & it was INCREDIBLE! Maybe it had something to do with being connected with SF's Sketchfest, but I just can't stop thinking about the night on the town of Mill Valley.The theatre is adorable. The comics made fun of the scaffolding along one wall as the place is in the middle of some cool renovations. Mark Pitta hosted & I didn't know anybody in the line-up, but all performers (Kasper Hauser, Hard 'n Phirm, Reggie Watts, & Clinton Jackson- I hope I left nobody out) were wonderful. What really took the cake was having two locals make special appearances: Dana Carvey & Robin Williams! As far as I could tell, Robin just ad-libed with Mark Pitta & impressed everyone. Dana was so comfortable with the crowd & tried a few new ones on the audience as well as some familiar characters from SNL & old acts. All of the new-to-me acts I hope to see again. Many received well-deserved standing ovations. I have no idea how they get their material, but they are all geniuses. Truly.Robin Williams was the last act & picked (on) a girl named Alex from the audience to come up on stage & take dance lessons from him. Alex, if you read this, you were such a wonderful sport & I have no idea how you didn't blush. I was blushing for you & know I would have died if Robin & dragged me up there. You did great!I didn't want the night to end. I had never laughed so hard. My face is still aching this morning. If you have a chance to attend next Tuesday's show with Jeff Probst, I really doubt that you'd be disappointed. Pay the $5 extra to have assigned seating (folding chairs- you may want to bring a pillow). It's well worth it!
<review# 299,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2007,5/8/2008,163,290,8,10,12>What a delightful restaurant. I did not know how I was going to feel dining alone on Mothers Day. My girls are in college in So Cal, and my bf down in LA for the weekend. The restaurant is pleasant on the eyes to begin with.  Tiled floors, stenciled wall, candleabras with candles lit.I arrived at 5:30, they start serving at 5. The place only had 2 other diners, but by the time I left, not a table to be had, which is a good thing. I would LOVE to see this place prosper.The hostess is a sweet young lady and occasionally came by to see if I needed anything. The chef makes the rounds of the tables to explain dishes and see how diners like it. The owner, Giovanni is also present, taking orders, answering questions, seeing that all are pleased. What a nice, refreshing touch.My waiter was Vincent was very warm and professional, and talked about the menu, specials, and suggested certain wines, even allowing me to taste 2 to see which I liked better. I had an amazing wine. It was $13.00, but truly amazing! Hey, it was Mothers Day ! :)The homemade bread sticks and bread were wonderful and there was the traditional olive oil and vinegar. Olives also.What I love about the menu was that it is Sicilian, and a fabulous blend of ingredients.After a tough choice, there were too many wonderful things I wanted to try, I settled for an appetizer of farafelle(sp?) pasta that had prawns, white beans and sprinkling of saffron. I could have made this my entire meal, it was sooo delicious.Next came out one of the specials, blue nose fish filets over bean puree on a crostini, with a side of baby vegetables and risotto. Once again in heaven! The fish was poached perfectly, as were the vegetables and risotto. I was asking Vincent about a pairing for this, when Giovanni came over and suggested a wine. He brought out a glass that was pure red velvet to the tongue. I could not have been happier. It had a richness of a Zinn but different as well. I felt rather OK eating by myself. They are a warm and friendly staff.Tiramisu to end the meal. The presentation was lovely and the Tiramisu delicious! I am a big fan of this dessert. And have had many in my day. They add some mini chocolate morsels, which I would rather leave out so the mouth could just bliss out on the smooth, creamy texture. Some would love it the way it is though.From the moment I walked in to the moment I left, this was a lovely experience. I hope this fabulous restaurant makes it in Marin. They deserve to. My dinner with tip......$90.00. It's Mothers Day and I am worth it :)  And Vincent deserved the tip he got for great service!Cheers.
<review# 300,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2007,5/7/2008,71,61,3,8,5>Way back when I lived in San Rafael, I drove up and down Francisco Boulevard past the old Dominic's Restaurant countless times and never considered going in. Why would I? It seemed too old-school and expensive, and a young woman working for menial wages had to be prudent with her money. Well, except for the Wherehouse Records that was, at the time, in the little strip mall just a bit south.Fast forward to the here and now. Every few months a friend and I get together for lunch or dinner after my appt. with my Witch Doctor. Usually we go to Broken Drum or Crepevine, since they're convenient to our meeting spot at the Rafael Theater.But this time, my friend had a plan. He commandeered me into his car and drove off towards Francisco Boulevard, to the Seafood Peddler at the site of the former Dominic's.It was just past 4, so the place was just getting started for the evening. We requested a patio table to take advantage of the beatiful weather and views.Our server was professional, attentive and helpful without being condescending or smarmy.I started with a salad, and my friend with chowder. The greens were fresh and crisp, the vinaigrette just perfect -- not overly tart, not heavy-oily.The entree I ordered was the pan-seared scallops ($19.99). Six large, tender scallops with perfectly seared tops and bottoms were arranged atop a circle of green sauce, with a mound of savory ratatouille in the center topped with delicate shreds of potato. I enjoyed every bite.My friend ordered the salmon entree. The large filet looked fantastic, perched atop a pile of vegetables. He effortlessly flaked off bites of the fish and indicated it was very nice.As we kicked back and conducted our usual discourse, we were never rushed to leave. Walking back through the main dining area and lounge to leave, live music indicated that Happy Hour was well under way. I still felt vestiges of that Dominic's old-school vibe.Since some of you have reported very different experiences, I will definitely come back again soon and compare my visits. But I must say I'm very pleased with this one!
<review# 301,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/24/2009,8/8/2009,163,290,5,5,5>When Rocky Organic Range Free chickens are .99 a pound on special here, I make a beeline to this place and stock up! Nothing tastes as good as these chickens. Sorry Foster Farms, but your preservatives, and inhumane slaughter practices have left a terrible taste in my mouth. Even the fact they you inject your pathetic chickens with a solution to weigh more, burns my fanny!This store has been around for ages. I remember shopping here in the early 70's. Yes, you read that right!When Holidays are upon us, and other chain grocers lines are 10 deep and people are running into you with their carts, I head over here. It may be a tad more expensive but the slower, less insane pace is worth it.The clerks have been here for years, are friendly and helpful. The store is clean with a great array of both organic and regular produce, cheese and meats. A little bit of everything for everybody.It's tucked away in the back of a shopping complex, so a little hard to find.I like it. It reminds me of how Marin and Mill Valley used to be.
<review# 302,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2009,8/7/2009,307,201,7,10,7>Such a neat little hangout!  love the light but cozy atmosphere.  Mixed crowd... some younger, some older, some dressed up, some (like us locals) totally casual lol.We like coming here early evening when we are not quite ready for dinner but would like to chill out, sip some wine and munch.They are a wine bar, and granted, they have a great selection of wines... first time we were there we just had the wine.  The last time we were there, though, we looked at their food menu and noticed that they serve "hummus guy"'s hummus/dips!!! For those of you that don't know who Hummus Guy is... every summer on fridays, Sausalito has a farmer's market... Hummus Guy is there every week and he sells pretty much the best hummus & dips, pita/flatbreads on earth.  However over the winter Sausalito's farmer's market closes and so we were bummed that we had to spend half a year without Hummus Guy's dips... then voila! we found it here!  Granted they don't offer ALL his dip/hummus selections, but they offer the popular 3 flavours.  You can also do half and half if you can't make up your mind.  Way better munchie than party crackers or mini pretzels.  I can basically sit here, sip wine and eat hummus and chips all day long if my bank doesn't explode on me ; PAnyway, cute bar overall... it's not that obvious of a place from the streets but on a nice warm evening you'd be surprised how packed this place can be.  It's right next to Paradise Bay, just one street down from Sushi Ran, Caffe Divino, Arawan, etc.  Had dinner somewhere here but want to chill a bit longer and drink more wine? Come here.Oh and they have interesting beers too! I'm not a beer drinker but my hubby appreciated his quite a bit.
<review# 303,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2009,8/6/2009,265,769,8,14,11>He had my car for a few days to diagnose a problem that in my "girl" language was - it doesn't shift when I first start it, and then later it's fine.He checked it out, then then he called me.$25 later  - that's right $25 I'm happy and on the road again.  He's amazing. He never tries to sell you something you don't need.  He's kind, courteous and his office staff is on top of it.  WHY oh WHY would you take your car anywhere else?
<review# 304,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2009,8/5/2009,67,79,7,26,15>If you're serious about walking, get in your car and drive to the Ross Post Office.   It is the real trailhead for Phoenix Lake.  Also, you can park there free upto three hours.Turn onto Lagunitas uphill --  a long, rolling, slow rise -- good for mild cardio workout and extra good for everyday walking.  The road is mostly tree-lined and shaded and the houses are some of the nicest in Marin.  Most of them are in the $2-million to $10-million bracket, so leave your checkbook at home.  There are two water fountains along the way.  If you don't know where they are, bring a quart bottle full.As you pass the Country Club on the left, choose either to stay on the road or to take a dirt trail on the left.  I usually take the road going up and the trail coming down (the trail has a lot of exposed roots and rocks, so it's a bit of an ankle-twister).When you get to the lake level, your choices are to start around it clockwise or counter-clockwise.  Most people go clockwise.  I don't know why they do that.  Maybe clockwise is a cultural thing, or perhaps it's written that way in a guidebook.  I usually go counter-clockwise.Why?  Because there's is a course of about 70 steps UP in the clockwise direction and that stairway is DOWN if you go counter-clockwise.That's it.  The whole walk (Post Office to Post Office) is less than two hours depending on how long you stop to take pictures.  To get a recognizable shot of the endangered Western Pond Turtles, you will need at least a 150 mm lens or longer.  Last week I followed a Great Blue Heron around the southern shore.  Definitely need a polarizer for any shots near the lake.
<review# 305,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2008,8/4/2009,209,211,10,13,12>I NEVER, I mean NEVER have experienced culinary excellence at this level at any restaurant in the BAY,.We were there for over three hours......... by choice, of courseMy girl and I were fortunate to have the master chef, Travis create a custom dinner for just the two of us.  And, their manager, Marcello hand picked some wine flights to accompany each of our courses.  Travis sat with us for a moment to explain that the mushrooms on our first little tasters came from his friend's farm in Oregon, and that many of the ingredients on the menu come from local producers.  He is big on texture and clean flavors, as is evident in his culinary creations.The level of service is impeccable, the flavors are clean, simple and fresh and there seemed to be a hint of surprise and unique texture in each dish, from the horseradish in the deviled eggs, to the truffle sprinkled chittara pasta with a hint of chili and crostini bits.  Or, maybe my favorite surprise was the lemon zest flavor in the brussel sprouts with pickled carrots, or maybe it was the perfect bite of the veal loin chop with root mashed potatoes and baby leeks with butter horseradish sauce. The desserts were fab - my fav being the amaretto and orange panna cotta, although I enjoyed the warm polenta cake and salty caramel dish very much too, which took Travis 2 weeks to master before he put it on the menu.  I also loved the texture of the yummy crunchy praline bits in  the chestnut and vanilla semi-fredo.I even had an espresso martini with dessert, too.  Could've used a splash more alcohol, tho and the maraschino cherry didn't do it any good either but, the flavor was excellent, dangerously close to a yummy milkshake.YUMMY GOODNESS... I'm such a whore for good food...
<review# 306,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2009,8/3/2009,1398,327,6,11,10>First off, the famous "George's Fries" (french fries in duck fat) is pretty good but not as great as some of the other reviewers rave about. It is nice-and-thin, crispy on the outside, and the duck fat flavors subtly enhancing it just enough to yell out "hey, this ain't your mother's frying oil!"The grilled half-chicken I've had there must be one of the best I've had in a really really long time. It's succulent throughout, and the herbs (and spices?) permeate and enhance the flavor of the meat throughout --- you surely must have noticed that most other establishments' grilled chicken has all the flavor on the skin outside (where else but out?) followed by the relatively insipid layer of white meat underneath. I had asked for them to subsitute the side of mashed potatoes with duck-fat fries instead but they apparently forgot to while plating it; no worries, they brought out a helping of duck fat fries when I pointed that out. Kudos for that !The second time around I had the skewered sea food on a bed of orzo salad with, I think, a lemon butter sauce and blanched veggies. The seafood was a mix of Salmon, Shrimps, and, if my memory serves me right, cod. Needless to add, I ordered an extra side of duck-fat fries. The salmon was a little dry but the dish overall was pretty decent.I'd been here only during lunch and I'd skip dinner here since the entrees are a good 25% to 40% costlier than the lunch menu.Recommended.
<review# 307,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2009,8/2/2009,35,76,6,8,7>I wish I had something witty to say about La Salette -- I have a Yelp reputation to keep up afterall -- but I don't. It's just a solidly good restaurant that I whole-heartedly recommend.I seriously don't know why I don't eat here more often. Seriously. It's like I have east-of-the-plaza blinders on and I forget about all the great joints on the other side. But La Salette is a great restaurant that merits remembering. Everything was great right down to the rolls. I had a paella-like dish, Arroz de Valenciana, which I literally ate all of. Delicious. My former-commercial fisherman/restaurant owner boyfriend had a whole baked fish that he raved about. If seafood lives up to his standards, I know it's gotta be good. I often refer people to Meritage who are looking for a seafood place, but I'll send them to La Salette now. They've got an interesting wine list that has non-Valley wines on it. That's always a plus in my book. I live here so I like to try new things.It's off the square, but only by steps, so a lot of visiting folks might never know its there. It has a charming patio, even though its shopping center surroundings are fully visible, as is a parking lot. The interior decor is warm and cozy. There's a really cool wood oven and beautiful copper cook wear all around.Who might not like La Salette? Picky eaters and kids. There's nothing super outrageous on the menu but there's no buttered noddles either. It's Portuguese.  The restaurant was fairly full on a Monday night in off season and during an economic crisis so I'm going to say reservations are probably a good idea, but maybe we just caught them on a busy night.
<review# 308,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2009,8/1/2009,156,1159,2,7,7>Well, well, well....   I did not expect Sassafras restaurant to be super good,  But it is!!!Bambie & I flew over to the west side of Santy Rosy for lunch on my request.  My interest was driven by the 100% positive Yelp reviews.Even though the July day was hot, I ordered the legendary buttermilk fried chicken with coleslaw, mashed potato and Kansas City style BBQ sauce.   I swooned over the Ultra-crunchy, multi-dimensional chicken coating, redolent of corn meal, panko, buttermilk and all sorts of spices.   Inside the bonesless white meat was oh-so-moist & juicy.  Best $14 meal I've eaten in a long, long time.Bambie had the girlie lunch.  Barely cooked sushi grade Ahi tuna with a green salad with plenty of graprefruit, mango, peach slices.  She declared it as "fabulous!"We had wine flights.  3 glasses with 3 ounce pours for $9 or less.Location is biz park sterile.  But there's plenty of parking.  Dining room is corporate nice.  Modern & decorated 1990's contemporary.  Feels like a conference center or mid-level hotel.  Carpets need a deep cleaning or replacement.Full booze bar.This will be a regular restaurant choice for me from now on...
<review# 309,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2009,7/31/2009,148,101,13,16,13>To appreciate Lotus, you have to look at the whole package.  First off, it's practically a San Rafael landmark.  I doubt there's anyone who has lived in San Rafael longer than a month that hasn't been to Lotus.  The "gotcha" moment when the roof is rolled back to let in the sun is always a crowd pleaser.  And as you soak up the rays, the sounds of raga music coupled with the smells emanating from the kitchen will make you give pause and wonder if they didn't actually chip Lotus off the map in Delhi and ship it whole to San Rafael.Second, this is one of the most kid-friendly and kid-tolerant establishments I've ever experienced.  The servers go out of their way to greet children, and they dole out special kid meals, sippy cups, and all manner of things to keep the ankle biters tame.  Our party of eight had four kids, all of whom carpet bombed the floor with jasmine rice - it was a mess of epic proportions.  I swear the rice was taking root by the time we left, and after our 3 ft high demolition artists were finished with the floor, they made sure to spill mango lassi and vindaloo...on the walls.  All the while, the servers smiled and practically cheered them on while I sat there dumbstruck and tried to make it look like I wasn't even part of the party.Third, the food is quality North Indian cuisine.  Their lamb vindaloo, saag aloo, lotus naan and tikka masala are staples in our household.  This is authentic cooking, and it is consistently good.  The buffet at lunchtime is plentiful and probably the best bargain, but the options are more limited.  The a la carte menu at dinner will be pricier, but worth the effort (every time).  There are excellent Indian restaurants in San Francisco that would give Lotus a run for its money had they been located in Marin, but thankfully...they're not, so we'll keep this reliable neighborhood Indian oasis to ourselves.
<review# 310,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/21/2009,7/30/2009,32,48,6,8,7>So as a  former upper haight dweller I am of course big fan of Cha-Cha-Cha. It was one of the places I missed the most after moving back to Marin.I was so happy to hear that Whipper Snapper was opening and it had a similar atmosphere, food and chef (i think he's the former chef of cha-cha-cha). I have eaten here 4 times since it opened and had a nice time each time and left satisfied. I give it 3 stars because I just don't think it is worthy of 4 .....yet.My favorite dish are the habanero guava chicken wings - 2 times that I had them they were the most delicious things on the planet. One time they were too fatty, not enough meat. Inconsistant.The calimari is good, not great.The BBQ chicken Quesadilla is delicious...but no BBQ Pork Quesadilla!The sangria is good - I like that they have both red and white.Overall, service is casual (read: kinda sloooow), prices are reasonable and the atmosphere is fun. I like this place and wil go back again.PS Whoever buys the plates for the restaurant needs to buy bigger ones! You can't take a spoonful of beans without knocking your jerk chicken offthe plate. Thank you.
<review# 311,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2010,11/5/2010,70,223,4,4,5>I've been following Kristy's photography for years now and every new photograph I see I'm more impressed.  Kristy loves what she does and it shows in her photos.  She's able to capture a moment like no other and makes you feel like you're actually there.And as someone who does not like having their picture taken, having Kristy photograph me was not only fun but stress free!  When she's photographing you it doesn't feel like a "photo shoot"...it just felt like we're hanging out and she's taking some snap shots...but those "snap shots" are beautiful photos that are my most favorite ever.  I would recommend Kristy to anyone.  Wedding, maternity, new baby, pet portraits...whatever.  She's got it, and you want it.
<review# 312,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2010,11/4/2010,174,143,9,9,9>Now that the little one has reached a point where interaction includes more than some hangy-dangy things that light up and play lullabies, this mama has been disovering Marin County and all it has to offer a 12 month-old who wants nothing more than to be on the move, always ready for some action! The Bay Discovery Museum has twice allowed for my daughter to be in baby heaven for an afternoon and I imagine that once she begins to walk  Bay Discovery will find its way to the top of her favorite spots. We love the free admission on the first Wednesday of every month, although it is packed to the brim so get there early and be prepared to fight your way towards the tot spot or the coolest sandbox in the Bay Area. We love the flowing water attraction, complete with salmon to push upstream. It's one of the best spots for kiddies under the age of six and I'm thrilled that it's not even 20 minutes from our house. I expect we'll be spending some time there this rainy season!
<review# 313,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2010,11/3/2010,170,264,7,8,8>I love nooks (kitchen nooks, nooks and crannies in my english muffins- you get the picture) and this special nook has become my new favorite. The warmth, the music, the comfy robe and soft towels... I'm surprised Emily didn't have to call someone to haul me away. Emily is the woman with the face I want, but since I can't have it (no Hannibal Lecter here!), I choose to have her skin instead. Emily makes great skin. She has a magic wand that she calls the Clarisonic skin brush. I call it a magic wand since it helps her perform wondrous spells. It is evidently produced by the same people who brought us the Sonicare toothbrush, but for facials. My skin has never glowed so radiantly. I seriously had people question why my skin was looking so nice. (Note: This does not happen to me as I did not have good skin prior to The Beauty Nook!) I told them I owe my glow to Emily at The Beauty Nook. Maybe it was the facial, but it could have also been the fabulous waxes or lash tinting. I do think it was a combination of everything, but the facial was amazing. She started with a kiwi product that I seriously was salivating over as it was slathered within my tongue's reach all over my face. It was oh-so tempting! The kiwi seeds actually did the exfoliating. (How cool is that?) Emily has a process and she gave me a heads-up with each action she took, but I was enjoying it all so much I didn't commit it to memory... except for the peel warning.I had my first glycolic peel (which was tingly fun) and Emily warned me that I would slightly peel within three days. Well, I've waited way beyond the three days to give a proper review and no peeling whatsoever. My skin has never looked so good and it feels so smooth. I seriously cannot stop petting myself. (That doesn't sound right, but there's no other way to say it.)As with many nooks, this place is not easy to find, but well worth the quest. In downtown San Rafael, it's in Bellissima Salon on 4th Street. This is a little complex across from Citrus and Spice on 4th. Just park somewhere on the block and walk in to the tiny courtyard square. You'll be so glad that you did and if you're anything like I am, you won't want to leave The Beauty Nook either.
<review# 314,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2010,11/2/2010,45,118,6,6,5>The beer is delicious.  If you haven't tried all of it, go on a tour.  They'll give you a big taste of enough of their tasty, tasty beers to make you wonder what your name is.  THEN, they show you where the magic happens.  It's just the coolest.  Tip:  Good tours on Monday and Tuesday when the beer garden is closed.If you're like me (and not saying that  you are), you'll want to try any of their stouts (Bourbon is current favorite) and also the Gnarly Spice.Now that you're sorted out, the beer garden is terrific.  The food is great (the artichoke dip is really good, but it's not super creamy/cheesy...you should know this going in so you're prepared).  The panini are just the thing, the cheese plate's surprisingly good for a beer place, and if you're not that hungry, the peanuts and pretzels are there to keep you thirsty and occupy your nervous fingers.What can you say, except that it's delightful?  The crowd's friendly, there's often a live local band (quality varies, but the beer sort of fixes that), and it's fine to bring your well-behaved kiddies and doggies (or cat, if it's on a leash).  NOTE:  If you're coming on the freeway, get off at the Old Red exit, head south on North McDowell, and then turn left when you see the sign (on the left!)...there are two driveways with the sign between.  It's easiest to go into the driveway that's on the North side of the sign (on the left side if you're looking straight down the drives - looks like it's their next-door neighbor's) so you can park in the back where the beer garden is.
<review# 315,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2010,11/1/2010,341,280,1,9,4>Things I LOVE about Estate: 1. Atmosphere- such a beautiful restaurant, perfect setting for romantic dinners, I still haven't gotten to sit outside on the patio by the fireplace but you better believe I will soon! 2. Burrata yum yum yum tastes so good with some olive oil and salt and basil leaves on crostini ;) 3. Funghi pizza- AMAZING seriously 4. Fritto Misto- soooooo fantastic I love little calamaris and little shrimpies and little scallops, and the lemon aioli with it is PERFECT 5. Cocktails- lots of inventive and sexy cocktails soooo yummy 6. BREAD. The bread comes with fennel pesto that is AMAZING!!!
<review# 316,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2010,10/31/2010,51,24,1,2,2>You can expect to get a very tasty, totally big enough, quality sandwich in just a couple minutes... every time. Honestly, I can't wrap my head around  how this place is able to make such good sandwiches with awesome warm bread at break-neck speed with the same quality control day after day. They will also add stuff to your sandwich, for instance I ask for sliced pickles on the #4 all the time and they actually go slice some pickles and put them on without any attitude or sigh like you might find in other placed. I keep coming back, even in the face of places like Cardozas being a dollar less.
<review# 317,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2009,10/30/2010,6,35,,2,1>Amy Wolff teaches Om Kids Yoga at Maldonado's Renew. Amy has a gift for working with children. Her voice is sweet, gentle and kind. She is very welcoming to the children and really shows a love for teaching yoga to them. The Om Yoga class is fun, creative, challenging and so worth getting to by 9:15am on a Saturday morning. Amy uses story as a way to engage the children and integrates the poses into the theme of the day. For example: For the class that fell on Halloween day, Amy talked with the children about facing their fears.... Makes sense that this be a conversation on the scariest day of the year. The poses that she had them do were ones that we do not do in our everyday life; head stands and back bends. I can tell that Amy is very thoughtful in her lessons. My child always leaves with a positive outlook for her day and she shares her class experiences for many days after. Amy is awesome! The classes are the right price too. I am so happy that we found Maldonado's Renew and Amy Wolff!
<review# 318,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2010,10/29/2010,108,294,,14,12>Cat's Cradle has earned themselves another 1.5 stars - The manager responded to my review regarding sick kitties and she clearly remembered my boys. Plus .5 stars. She said they are happy to supply antibiotics for sickies and that in the future they can play in one of their private play rooms if I so choose. Plus another 1 star.4 stars total now, and I'll definitely give them a try the next time we're gone a long time.
<review# 319,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2010,10/28/2010,248,493,5,6,6>THEGEEKSQUAD.Does the Squad have a Crew? A Fan Club? Devotees?'Cause if not, I am starting THAT group.We can meet Friday nights, because none of the Squad or the Fans will be busy (yes, I do speak from experience) and talk about how helpful, how knowledgeable, how prompt and even kind the members of The G Squad are.My computer was acting up, the equivalent to stomping it's tiny foot on the ground; it plain wouldn't start. Spoiled brat. In a panic, but thanking the Lord this happened on a Saturday and not during the week; I called for reinforcements. I told them to send in The Wolf.Today, within his 4 hour window, came my Geek Hero. He diagnosed, he upgraded, he optimized like a Mad Man. He was done in under an hour, and with a smile on his face and helpful attitude. What a Geek. In a good way! They come to your door, they fix what ails you and once again, all is right in your Technological World.
<review# 320,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/2/2010,10/27/2010,423,254,2,5,3>Its a bit scary reading some of these reviews and then wondering if people make decisions based on them, some of these are all over the map, and either a tad clueless- It is indeed owned by 'two sisters' . In case you missed their shared name of 'Jackson' these are the daughters of  billionaire wine magnate Jess Jackson, of Kendall-Jackson. - Tasting room w/out vineyards existing frequently these days. There are 20+ in downtown Healdsburg.  La Crema has a great wine facility in Windsor, because of zoning where it is, its not used as a tasting room. I used to shun 'brickfront' wineries, but many of the great small vintners don't have one. - La Crema wines aren't really any pricier than anywhere else, especially if you move away from the 250,000 case releases to the smaller 25k case releases. Good Pinot is generally 30+, deal.- Wine always cost more in a restaurant than a tasting room or retail. It's called mark-up.-Not all La Crema wines can be purchased at Safeway, some of their best don't make broad retail. These are what you should be asking to try at the winery, and buying. As a rule of thumb don't buy at big production wineries what you can buy retail, you won't save money, as they won't compete with the retail distributors.I was lucky enough to attend a tasting at the Winery in Windsor, where a group tasted through 5 chardonnays and 5 Pinot Noirs, a few the very large productions. Those were ok, which is all I expect from a wine release made in hundreds of thousands of cases. The small lot Pinot Noirs were quite good, and completely changed my perception of La Crema. If you are in downtown Healdsburg and want to taste wine near the Square, and like Pinot and Chardonnay, this is a good stop.
<review# 321,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2008,12/20/2008,147,287,11,11,11>I was gunshy about heading here for my 8x4' plywood requirements, but the stuff they had in stock at Yardbirds was warped to heck. "Ah what the hell, I'll see what they have."Local shop, large stock. Some staff members were clueless, others were extremely helpful. Rolled out of there within 20 minutes with not only the plywood I needed, but they ripped and cut it to the sizes I wanted for a couple extra bucks. Which was a huge bonus, because it meant I didn't have to drive home with giant sheets tied to the roof of my Jetta.
<review# 322,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2008,12/19/2008,9,24,5,6,6>Anyone who knows me well knows about my hey nonny nonny side. As in, the oft-repeated refrain used in many a Medieval English ballad. As in, my final project for holistic nutrition school is on Medieval English cuisine. As in, my best friend and I like to freestyle Medieval English songs at parties. As in, I get excited about recipes like "Take a goodly ammount of yduckye, and add thereof cinnamon and saffron, but not too much, and roast it in a Pigge's stomach". I don't know why and I can't explain this; I am a mixed Jew from the suburbs of Boston but in a past life I must have been a drunken knave or a scullery wench.So naturally with my attraction to all things ye and olde, when I stumbled upon the Pelican Inn I was beside myself. They even have a minstrel playing Rennaissance aires every other Sunday! I love the fireplaces, the low-beamed ceilings, and the cosy feel of the pub. The food is fine but to me it's secondary to the atmosphere. Although the building was built in the 1970s, it's as authentic as any similar establishment I've visited in England or in Ireland. Best of all if you talk with the staff they will tell you ghost stories. For a young building it's sure got a lot of spooky characters about....perfect for a wild, rainy, dark winter's night. Or a sunny afternoon post-Green Gulch hike. Take your pick.
<review# 323,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2008,12/18/2008,17,26,3,3,4>One of my favorite spots to be....thanks Shawn for making it the best experience for me...EVERY TIME I come.  You have my loyalty and now that you are serving booze...you have my love (which is very hard to come by).LOVE you guys!  I have never been disappointed.  I always order the Miso Soup and the California Rolls.   Went with my friend tonight- it has been a very long time since I have been there- OMG, I almost...almost forgot how good the food is.  There is always enough for me to take home and have again for lunch the next day (and the next day is even better tasting then the first).I don't know what the hell is the matter with anyone saying the price is too high.  The food is great- if you don't like the price- go to Taco Bell and get what you pay for.
<review# 324,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/26/2007,12/17/2008,541,1054,5,11,9>Alpha Dog is a mecca for Bella Bean collars (my favorite brand).  They have them in every pattern and size, from huge to wee.  They even carry the Bella Bean cupcake-top bed - so damned cute!This is where I went to get my stocking stuffers for the rulers of our house, er, I mean our pets.  Lucy, my dog, got the cutest jingle bell velvet dog collar ever - and for a mere $12.99!  Well, that was really for me, but she didn't hate it!  Score!  She and the cats also received many nice treats such as toys, Cat Caviar and chewy Peanut Butter Buddy biscuits.  My cats were VERY NAUGHTY and stole their toys right out of the shopping bag the minute I had my back turned, so they had very little to open on Christmas day....AND they were high on catnip...kids!  er, I mean, cats!I bought Lucy's dog bed here several years ago and I absolutely love it. It's called The Bagel Bed and it is the best dog bed, ever.  Prices vary according to size - I got the medium for my 22 lb dog and it's more than ample - it cost about $100.  It's washable, which is a definite plus, but it is soft and malleable, and since my dog likes to dig and rearrange her bedding a little (read:  obsessively) before sleep, it's perfect for her.  In fact, I am always kicking the cats out of her bed as they think they rule the universe.  Wait, I think that they do.So if you are a sucker, er, I mean pet owner like me, Alpha Dog is a great place to visit if you feel like spoiling your little furry family.
<review# 325,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2008,12/15/2008,2,1,2,2,2>Taco Jane's is hands down my favorite Mexican place!  I've been here about a dozen times with friends and family (not small kids though, although it is kid friendly). My bf, brother (big appetite at 6'6''), and Dad love the large and flavorful portions offered, whereas I, as a vegetarian, who on occasion eats high quality fish, also have a lot to choose from.  I highly recommend the grilled snapper on Jane's salad!  My bf swears by the snapper burrito, which if it wasn't from here, I wouldn't be so eager to snatch a few bites!  I noticed a yelper mentioned the cuisine was not real Mexican food .  Sorry to break it to you but the average Americanized Mexican food that is fried and oozing with cheese isn't what is actually served in Mexico.  Taco Jane's reminds me of the fine seaside cuisine I've had on vacation, with its fresh fish, unique blend of spices, and use of fruits and veggies, in addition to lots of beans, rice, and tortillas!  I prefer it to Mex food in LA(spent college there) and in TX.My five stars:1st star:  Very fresh and flavorful ingredients, attention to healthfulness.2nd star: Vibrant and colorful decor featuring artistic travel photos taken by Mateo.  Even if it's freezing outside, I will feel like I'm on vacation while at Taco Jane's.3rd star: Friendly Service.4th: Located in downtown San Anselmo with indoor and outdoor (equipped with heating lamps) seating.5th star:  Very clean.  Attention to details like environmentally friendly soap and lotion in bathroom.
<review# 326,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2008,12/14/2008,289,905,7,7,6>While visiting some dear friends of ours over the weekend.... my friend Julie and I had some 'girl time' to ourselves while our husbands were on a secret mission.  So secret, that I'd have to kill you, if you knewanything about it.  We made out in the back seat of her husband's SAAB.  Which I just found out could stand for 'Still Not A BMW'.  But I must say, it is a nice car.  And she is a GREAT kisser.  I am just kidding.  Man.... haven't you people figured out that I am pretty much full of shit, about 20% of the time?  My husband would argue that the number is higher.... but I do want to say that my friend, Julie is hot.  And she and her husband are a fantastic couple.I conned her into taking me to the Old Navy.... knowing that the 50% off sale was ending today, I went nutzo.  The staff was extremely helpful.... understandably, the store was pretty much a wreck, of course from being picked over for 3 days.  My one complaint....they are obviously over doing it on ordering size 2 and 4.  Those were the only sizes that were in abundance.   Perhaps they could use this as a learning curve?  The prices were un-fucking believable.... and you people thought I was actually going to get through a review with the 'F' word.  Yeah, right.  11.00 for shorts, 8.00 for another pair of linen shorts, 9.00 for a sexy little night gown.... woo hoo!
<review# 327,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2008,12/13/2008,437,1600,8,9,7>I know I know I know I reviewed this place... what happened?I was going to update with this:I dream of going back and will do so soon.Literally.  This place has some of the best guitars ever made, and it is definitely a tactile museum to send your brain into overload.  Banjos, mandolins, and more.... the best part is the repair craftsmanship, and knowledge of the guys.I cannot believe my review isn't here.... because this place floored me and maybe I went into a mini coma and straight to heaven thinking all that mattered is this place and the rest of my life melted through me.I have never seen a better guitar shop in my entire life.
<review# 328,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/23/2008,12/12/2008,253,125,4,5,8>I had my 24th birthday dinner here with a group of friends and I was not too impressed. I called 5 days in advance to reserve a tabe for a large group and they messed up my reservation. They had in there schedual book that it was for Saturday and not Thursday. I originally said Thursday because that was the day of my birthday. Anyway, they did handle the situation ok, I was seated, and served. The waiter was ok, he took a while to bring us our drinks and bread. The food was ok, however I would of liked more shrimp on the Kung-Po dish. I most likely will not be hosting a big group here anytime soon, but over all it was alright.
<review# 329,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2008,12/11/2008,160,195,6,8,4>This was my first time horse riding.  My friend invited me to go and I dived in.  This place has guided horse riding trails for a very reasonable price1hr-  $402hr-  $603hr-  $1006hr-  $180     each hour set has it's own trailWe did the 2hr fir top trail.  Greeted by horses, naturesque trees and friendly ranchers.  Our horses were Hodina, Dancer and Spider.  I was assigned Dancer.  The workers helped us saddle on the horses and off we went.  So the first half of the ride Dancer was consistently 6ft behind the guide Adam and Spider was all up on Dancer's behind.  And whenever Dancer stopped Spider would stop.  Being a noob I really didn't know what to expect and horses can tell if you know what the hell you are doing.  Hence Dancer would stop in the middle of the trail and go 'eh, dun feel like walking and just stop.'  It went to the point where Adam had to take Dancer's reins and pull him along like a 5yr old on a leash.  We did some trotting and boy was I on bouncemania.  The trail was very serene.  It's a nice change from hiking.  Here I was riding through nature.  Very lush and green area even this time of the year.  Besides observing by surroundings, in the back of my mind I kept saying 'dont buck me off, don't buck me off Dancer.'  Half way through the trail, the guide let go of the reins and I had to use a stick to keep Dancer going otherwise we'd probably still be there.  Me kicking him and talking to her wasn't enough to nudge her--only with a stick did she got her act together.  I enjoyed myself very much.  It's great getaway if you cannot afford a vacation to Australia.  Fairly good trail.  2 hours is a good starting point, not too short and not too long.  Pointers:  if the horse stops, well he's taking a crap.  If you hear belching, well he's farting.  If the ears pull back,  he wants space.Warning: They have bathrooms here however use the bathroom before you come here.  self explanatory.
<review# 330,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/2/2008,12/9/2008,115,324,2,2,2>We arrived at Sausalito in the afternoon with an empty stomach when we saw this beautiful Victorian building with the colour of the ocean right by the waterfront. My cousin stared at it for a moment and said, "This is it, let's go eat there!" Being a visitor from London he did his homework and was told by his American chums that he HAS TO try this place out. When I realised it's Scoma's, I also remembered it was strongly recommended by my colleague for the fresh, quality seafood and clam chowder. The host greeted us then showed us to our table, we past through the front part of the restaurant, it was virtually empty. I like the sight of the gleaming cutlery lying on the crisp white tablecloth. We were let through the kitchen/cashier passageway (weird because isn't this supposed to be kept out of sight?!) that led us to a smaller room that lined with windows all around us! I could imagine how lovely it would have been on a summer day when it's sunny and clear out there so you can see Angel Island and the bay; it would have been even more pleasant if the sky was blue that day so the water would have reflecting the lights with seagulls and pelican diving in and out of the water. It is a very intimate setting with tables packed together closely in such a small area! My guess is that they wanted to seat everybody there for the amazing view coz the other bigger room with more space between tables doesn't have as much as the view of the ocean. It was a cloudy day we were seated right by the window with a very tiny table.  It was kinda cramped coz there is little room there and I want to make sure the waiter can pass behind me.  I do not want  him to trip so his handful of hot dishes come down on my back you know!  Also, when you talk people around you would easily hear what you are saying. The wait is fairly long for our food.  Something like over 30 minutes.  I don't normally touch the bread but since I were hungry so we were chatting and we started picking at the bread and to my surprised we almost finished it! But where is my clam chowder? I guess my cousin's special took more time to cook. Oh yes, I ordered a cup of clam chowder, $6.50 and a fresh bay shrimp salad sandwiches $12.50 while my cousin ordered a GT, a cup of lobster bisque $7.5 and one of the lunch specials of broiled halibut with roasted almonds $24. The wait continued meanwhile.... my cousin finished his GT and wondered if he wanted another.... then the food arrived. I couldn't wait to taste the clam chowder and it did not disappoint me. It was a very small bowl for $6, bordering a rip off even it is the best I've ever had in the Bay Area! Every spoonful has the most tasty juicy pieces of clams and the potato was not too soft so that I have a fair amount of chewing both the potato and the clams. I love the texture of the clams and how they felt in my mouth... yummmyy!!  The bay shrimps were sandwiched between the ciabatta roll and the coleslaw has a hint of coffee beans in it.  I quite like it, very unusual.  My cousin's cup of lobster bisque  was not as fun haha! He said he prefers mine but his halibut was so fresh you can taste the "sea" in the flesh. The sauce and the roasted almonds compliments the fish in a way that it challenged your taste bud nicely. He said the mash potato wasn't bad neither. Now the rating: it was a long wait after 2pm, I thought no one would come in for lunch but ... how wrong was I!  The waiting staff has done their best to check on us and my iced water was constantly being filled.  The food was delightful and fresh.  The clam chowder exceeded my expectation and I should have ordered a bowl instead. :)   If I were being seated on another table where I felt cozy and comfortable and if we didn't have to wait that long for the food, I'd probably give a 4 star!An interlude - after we left the restaurant we walked about the waterfront and bumped into two of the staff who were off duty on separate occasion. Both of them acknowledged and greeted us. How nice :)
<review# 331,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2009,9/21/2009,4733,976,3,4,4>You can't help stopping at Nicholson Ranch. It's perched majestically up on the hillside, looking oh-so inviting...and IT IS. The tasting room is more contemporary than most, with a 360 degree bar, huge windows looking out at the pastoral setting, and a young, hip, and unpretentious staff. But the highlight of a visit to Nicholson Ranch is the WINE. I live in wine country and have tasted at over a dozen places. Most of them I like for the ambience, but I would return to Nicholson Ranch for the wines alone (even if they didn't have a stunning spot between Sonoma and Napa, with llamas and horses and outdoor seating by the pond). They only do Chardonnay, Pinot Noir and Syrah, but they do them VERY VERY well. The wines are unlike any others I've tasted in the Sonoma Valley / Carneros region...tons of character, lots of vegetal flavors, and totally intriguing. IEven if you're not that into wine, this place is worth a visit for some photo ops. But really, you'll be amazed by the wines.
<review# 332,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2008,9/20/2009,129,261,4,4,4>WHAT THE HELL IS TILA TEQUILA DOING BEHIND THE COUNTER AT THIS AWESOME PLACE?Hee hee. Okie, it's not her, but the Maitre D is truly hot. She's also very friendly, efficient and remembers your name.The decor of this place is a cross between a casual Ana Mandara and a sports bar.  There's lots of dark wood, saffron coloring, sisal and palm.  In the main room there's a flat screen with usually some sports event  airing. And every single time i've come into this place, it's packed.The pho is very good, the rice plates decent, but I'm really loving the fresh spring rolls with grilled pork.  Refreshing, cilntro-y,  nutty and sweet.  Anyways, I really feel that one can't go wrong with any of the menu items.
<review# 333,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2009,9/19/2009,253,125,6,6,6>The last time I got to go here was with a friend on my 24th birthday. I had the best thing on the freakin' menu and that was the french toast. Its deep fried and really good. I think its the only thing that I have actually got there but then again I am one of thoese people who don't like to switch it up at all and get something different, but Its worth going back every time and getting the same thing. The staff there is really nice and seem like they are happy to be there. Also the resturant itself is extremely unique with a lot of odd items up on the wall. I look forward to eating there again and who knows I may try something new, but most likely I will not because I am a huge fan of french toast.
<review# 334,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2009,9/18/2009,178,402,4,5,5>Las Camelias is a very nice and more upscale Mexican restaurant than most in the area. When I was a little kid I used to call this the "white bean" place, because they have delicious white refried beans. Not totally sure why they're white though...Anyway, I digress.  The food here is always excellent, the service is very caring.  It's about a half block away from fourth street which somehow becomes a yucky street really fast, but inside the atmosphere is pleasant.I especially like the tamale, the guacamole, and their salads.  And, of course, the beans!  Probably one of my favorite Mexican spots, but it's a bit pricey, so I don't go that often.
<review# 335,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2009,9/17/2009,70,223,4,5,3>Loves it.So much to choose from. Stuff and foods for your dogs, cats, birds, bunnies, rats, horses...tons of strong men waiting to carry all your stuff out to your car for you.  Lots of parking in the lot.  xoxo.
<review# 336,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2009,9/16/2009,103,336,6,7,6>Last two donut places I passed through were owned by Cambodian families.  My friend informed me that Cambodians have the majority hold on donut shops, like the Vietnamese have on nail shops.  Interesting, but I don't get either connection.This place was super busy and the regulars were greeted by name.  I think it was a husband-wife team working the counter.  I couldn't really tell if the donuts are good (didn't eat one), but everyone who ate one certainly thought they were delicious.  I had a couple of donut holes (ok, so I ate those, but they shouldn't count because they're small!).  They were alright, maybe a little irregular in size, but what kind of complaint is that??  A non-complaint.  Ok, so if I were to get donuts and wanted to go where all the Novato people go to get theirs, this would be it.
<review# 337,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2009,9/15/2009,341,280,8,9,10>Safeway Gas Stations = Best thing ever invented.I thought the one in American Canyon (10 minutes from my house, hell yeah!) was the only one in the area then I stopped in Novato for coffee on the way to SF and look what I found!! If you shop at Safeway a lot and you look at the bottom of your receipt you will see they give you 10 cents off per gallon on every $100 you spend. This adds up if you buy all your groceries here. So I pull up and wait for a couple of minutes since its PACKED and then I go to the pump that opens up and the second I climb out of my car (by the way this was last Sat so it was 100 degrees outside) a guy with a tray full of mini Starbucks samples comes up and offers me one to drink while I pump my gas which is a giant A++++++++++ since its sooooo hot. So I put in my Safeway Club Card number first and then my credit card, etc. and then it says "Your savings today are $1.00 per gallon." Do you have any idea how good it feels to fill up my car for $2.00 per gallon? Its wonderful. ;)
<review# 338,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2009,9/14/2009,78,50,6,6,5>It is quite amazing that this place only has 3.5 stars and my little vote will not do much to sway the other opinions but hopefully...just hopefully...my words will sweep across the lands and instill...CHANGE.Last night I had one of the best burgers I have ever had.  When I think of greatness In-N-Out, Barney's, and The little nugget in Reno all come to mind.  Taylor's definitely contends with these fine burger joints.I had the blue cheese burger and it was just perfect.  Some joints try to over compensate with ridiculous amounts of mayonnaise, ketchup and condiments but Taylor's knows what is needed to make a great burger and doesn't over do it.  I accompanied the burger with their onion rings and a glass of Merlot.  Quite honestly, I never though wine would go so well with a burger but this combination was wicked.  The Onion rings were seasoned for an unexpected burst of flavor that had me craving for more and the wine washed everything down leaving me with a blissful buzz of satisfaction.It really makes me think when people will rate a place down for having long lines.  The fact that it has long lines is an indication of greatness, it has nothing to do with the quality of the place.  Bow your head in shame to those of you who smote this place for long lines!Some of you also complained about how long it took to get your order, but honestly can you blame them?  As the quote goes..."You can't rush perfection!"
<review# 339,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/27/2009,9/13/2009,17,103,4,4,4>Stopped in for a quick dinner the other night.  It almost pains me to say this, but it was kind of ok...  If you read my posts, you will know that chain restaurants are not my thing.  First impression, "OMG, look at all the old people in here..."  That always makes me conjure up the image of yellow gravy and vegies cooked until mush...gagMy friend ordered the french toast and egg breakfast and I ordered the rueben sandwich.  Our waiter was friendly and relaxed, and held up to my teasing quite well.  I got Mac and Cheese with my Rueben...Our food came out steaming hot, and dang it was good...my rueben was stuffed with meat, and the mac and cheese was creamy and heck it was pretty good.  The breakfast looked good, too...well she ate it all, so what more can I say...ok, so this isn't one of the high points of my yelping career, I would say if you want a hot, homey meal, this might just work for you...
<review# 340,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2009,9/12/2009,252,234,3,9,10>The food is fantastic. They do all small plates so you can order as much or as little as you like and share. It's a good idea to start with two plates per person and then keep ordering throughout the night. The wine list is great, they have a lot of local wines. They seem to be good supporters of the local wineries. They only have beer and wine, of course. Fresh ingredients, good service, good atmosphere but it is expensive.
<review# 341,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2008,11/18/2009,121,139,7,9,7>We bow upon the Aztec Gods who took pity upon us Mexican people in Marin for providing Three Twins Ice Cream with their recipe for Mexican Chocolate Ice Cream.  We just wish they would take a little bit more pity on us so that Three Twins made that flavor a staple;  Last time they had it we took all they had left home.... Bwahaha!This place is one of my family's favorite treat.  I really relax in the outdoor seating they have...Siesta time!  And their waffle cones are to die for!  Or, at least put on 10 pounds for.Like others have said, I also feel for the employees because it can get rather hot in there.  Three Twins, I know you are being green, but a few fans would be really nice to your employees.
<review# 342,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/20/2009,11/17/2009,61,320,5,9,7>When I first moved to MV I thought the 2AM was really out of place, but its really not and thank goodness there's ONE BAR in Mill Valley that's not also an Italian restaurant.  There are a handful of regulars I always see smoking right outside the door  - I love seeing them there, its such a familliar comforting sight.  The bar adds some flavor to our otherwise boring yuppie neighborhood.  There's darts, pool, a digital (internet?) jukebox, and daily drink specials.  Its a great place to watch the game on Sunday mornings, but it smells kind of gross in there so I wouldn't advise that if you're hung over at all.  No food for sale aside from bags of chips, but you can bring food in from Joe's next door.
<review# 343,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2009,11/15/2009,209,211,8,5,5>I have a digestive condition.. it's been diagnosed as everything from a hiatal hernia to GERD.  But, as one of my New Year's resolutions, I'm trying to be as honest as possible these days and, well, I've come to the realization that my digestive condition is just due to plain old sin... Gluttony to be frank.BTW... there's this great History channel series being done on the 7 deadly sins.. very interesting... check it out.ANYHOOOO....my doctor has given me a print out of the following that I'm not allowed to eat/use:I cannot drink out of small mouthed containersI cannot drink through strawsNo carbonated beverages (you can imagine how this would put a damper on NYE)No broccoli (they're gaseous)No cucumbers, cauliflowerNo garlic, onions, peppersNo fried foodsNothing done with heavy oilNo chocolateNo alcohol  So, what does that leave me?  Absolutely JACK!! So, l just decided to ignore my doctor's advice entirely since my favorite dish at My Thai is totally worth all of the discomfort that may result from eating my Thai Chicken Basil dish, which has the following items that I'm not supposed to eat, including:OnionsRed and Green PeppersGarlicSeasoned with exotic spices and Thai Basil I frequently eat the Gang Jerd Gai (Chicken) silver noodle soup, which has the following items I'm not supposed to eat:OnionsCaliflowerGarlicBring on the Gluttony, bring it on!!! Just make sure to bring me some TUMS afterwards.
<review# 344,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2008,11/14/2009,32,117,2,14,5>This 216 acre park offers panoramic views of southern Sonoma County and northern Marin County. The park has trails for hiking, bicycling and horseback riding. A gazebo, picnic area, and children's playground are located at the trail head. There is a large pond for fishing.It's not that big, so you have to double back if you want a long hike, but it's very scenic & seems like it's way out in the country when it's not far at all.  It's a great place to take your dog, though they're supposed to be on leash.  Some are, some aren't, but there is a ranger residence & you will get warned about an off-leash dog.It has restroom facilities & doggie poop bags - a plus for dogs & their peeps when nature calls.  Parking in the lot is $5, though you can park for free on the street.Overall, just a nicely maintained, scenic park.
<review# 345,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2009,11/13/2009,39,92,3,6,4>This frolf course is great! The volunteer staff is constantly improving it, I've come back twice and both times they had newly installed tees on different holes. It is quite long, as most have indicated, and there is poison oak in the area, but what I like most about it is it makes frisbee golf into more of a hiking experience, which is pretty unique. Also, there's a decent picnic area (with a bbq!) at the start of the course, so you could make a day out of it and bring a basket of food or some briquettes and have a sweet bbq before or after playing.Make sure you bring a bottle of water, walking the whole course is a few miles I think...
<review# 346,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2009,11/12/2009,40,177,3,5,5>So we were going to sushi, they were very busy, so we thought, just like the Doors ... "show me the way to the next whisky bar"... where  can wait in comfort and with a toddy? So we moseyed over to do our wait at the bar of Jack and Tony's.  Got a couple of seats at the bar; the hostess brought us over the "list"...there are over 150 kinds of whisky served here; along with a menu for us to peruse.  Passed on the whisky but looking over the menu, and being hungry, saw an interesting choice...Quail Stuffed with Chorizo served on Quinoa ($11.00)...hmmmm...sounds good...got an order and it WAS good...darn good.  The quinoa was peppered with fried pumpkin seeds and the chorizo stuffed quail was done to perfection.  OK...how about let's just eat here??? We asked the hostess for a table; and were promptly seated.  Hubby had the Whisky Tasting Menu ($40.00) each course is paired with whisky...yes, really...His first course was Pan Roasted Oysters with a Shallot Cream Sauce on Toasted Sourdough paired with The Macallon 10 year, Fine Oak Highland Single Malt - the pairing worked, although we found the sauce on the oysters to be a bit sweet. His second course was Grilled Pork Tenderloin, Pinto Bean Coulis and Fire Roasted Chilies paired with George Dickel, Tennessee Sipping Whisky..right on...good flavors...good pairing.  I ordered off the menu, my first course Mussels Steamed in Larger with Aidell Sausage ($9.00)...home run.  Perfect...sauce was delish.  My second course was Broiled Main Lobster stuffed with Dungeness Crab ($24.00) another home run.  YUM. The tasting menu dessert was Banana + Cocoa Wafer Napoleon with Warm Chocolate Sauce paired with Powers Irish Whisky...ok...this was the only real misstep in the meal...the banana was raw...it should have been sauteed, warm, cooked, the rawness and coldness of the banana just felt wrong.  But the pairing was good.  LindySez - Good seeded bread, attentive service, wine list needs some work...and heat up those bananas!  But I'll be back!
<review# 347,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2009,11/11/2009,96,27,8,10,8>I'm pretty young, kinda girlie (read do not watch sports) and know pretty much as little as someone who drives can about automobile science. I was contemplating buying a Camry and wanted to have a mechanic check it out  before I signed the dotted line. Both people I asked for recomendations pointed me in the direction of Empire Zoo. In fact, my friend ( a good customer) called ahead for me to let them know they were sending me. The owner, Dan, took about 30 minutes to do all kinds of checks, drove it around for a few minutes and talked to me about what work the car needed. As someone who works with a lot of Toyotas, he also had good insight into how much I should be paying. I bought the car, used his words to negotiate down the price and am so happy I did!When it came time for me to go, I asked him how much I owed and he said "Don't worry about it, I hardly spent any time" Auto mechanics that ARE NOT looking to take a young naive girl for a ride? Sign me up!
<review# 348,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2009,11/10/2009,39,179,5,7,7>I can't believe I haven't yet reviewed Bistro 29. Until now...I give Bistro 29 my stamp of approval, my thumbs-up, my blessing, my highest regards, and my love.Not since Cafe Lolo has this space been occupied by a restaurant that serves excellent food with little pretension. I say "little" because... a little pretension never hurt anyone, and with food this good, it has to be hard to not know it.Chef Brian is a delight both in and outside the kitchen, and his passion for the cuisine is palpable. It is so refreshing to enjoy a meal and know that there was at least a little love poured onto the plate.The crepes are outstanding, and shame those of that other "French" restaurant downtown. They are authentic and delicious, and like nothing else around.Also, they have a CRAZY $29 dollar meal-deal (not sure if it's every night...) that includes an app, a salad-type-thing, an entree, and a dessert. More food that you can handle, and all of it quality.The wine list? Yes.The service? Yes.The bathrooms? Yes.I have but one issue. And I feel as though every glowing review needs at least one negative... Salted butter. SOFT salted butter. I am not a fan. But, if that's it? That's my only complaint?Do yourself a favor and take a chance on Bistro 29. It ain't flashy, but the food is top-notch.
<review# 349,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2009,11/9/2009,87,152,8,9,10>Another good Yelp Find!I always thought deep tissue was for me.  You know, just dig in, grind away and tear it up.  But what a treat it was to have another approach that combines the touch of Feldenkrais.  Maya definitely has the ability to bring you to a deeper place.  I notice how relaxed my mind remains with me long after a 'Maya Massage'.   I've been twice and looking to go again.Which is why you've gotten this far in my review.  The holiday season approaches.  What a great way to celebrate by getting your Yelp friend Bob a gift certificate for a Maya Massage.  (Credit cards accepted)
<review# 350,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2009,11/8/2009,26,112,4,14,11>Tonight was my in-laws 36th wedding anniversary. I was told that seafood and fish would be ideal for an entree-- and to use my trusty yelp ways to find a great place, and we didn't want to drop $500 at Domaine Chondon this year. Lucky for me, Pacific Cafe was nearby, and VERY highly rated. We stopped by around 8:00pm on a Tuesday and was greeted very kindly by Bill-- the owner. We ordered the Seafood Stew, Halibut with Almond & Parmesan crust, Lobster Fettuccine, & Scallop and Prawn plate. Everyone got rice or Swiss chard, as well as AMAZING house salads. I have no idea what the vinaigrette was made of on the house salad-- but it was incredibly light, flavorful, and fresh tasting. Each of the entrees were specials that night, and were in the $23 range.  The entrees were perfect, all were served at the same time, fresh, and at the right temperature-- nothing was chewy or undercooked. All the flavors were well balanced and just right for the fish or seafood. Even their 'standard' rice was exceptional.For dessert we got their killer lemon meringue pie and chocolate tort, (also fantastic). Did I mention they have a great wine list too? Not a bad wine in sight, all at easy to digest prices ($19~$34). The atmosphere is laid back, and local, and we were served the by cool approachable people that were not pushy. Unlike a lot of new restaurants that are loud and chaotic (which is good if that's the vibe you're going for) -- this is a place to sit down with good family and friends and be able to TALK. No yelling needed, you can just simply talk. I LOVE THAT. Its something I often miss in my dining experiences. Also, this is not a turnstile restaurant-- they're not rushing you in and out the door. We were able to sit, digest and talk over wine and water without feeling rushed whatsoever. Again, this is a great principle that is often lost on newer restaurants. Finally my last couple points for anyone looking at this review:1. Exceptional food2. Simple, but Fantastic Wine list-- and only a $8 corkage fee if you bring your own3. Bill-- the owner is hilarious, sweet and quite personable. He made this night even more than a 5-star affair to my parents-in-law-- we spent a 1/2 hour in the parking lot just talking about the area, places we've been and everything in between. They can't wait to go back because of Bill and his great staff.4. This place is laid back and casual-- nothing stuffy or elitist about it-- the food shines here-- so the setting is nice, without over compensating with decor. 5. There is no music on (or at least while we're there) so its much quieter than you may expect-- but it makes talking to one another so much easier.6. Definitely going back. I would recommend this place to everyone and anyone looking for a great, local restaurant that isn't pretentious-- and has great charm.Thanks Bill and crew-- I'm so proud such a cool, easy going place is nearby!
<review# 351,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/25/2010,2/27/2011,307,201,5,6,4>They changed up the theme of the place AGAIN. Lol  It is now, like another Yelper explained, an Asian food & smoothie/boba place.First off, I kinda like the new concept.  It is different. Sausalito does not have a smoothie joint, a boba tea place, or a cheap Japanese place.  So the fact that they are trying to fill in the gap I think is a good idea. Random quirks.... some spelling issues noted throughout the cafe again.  Perhaps they don't think it's very important, but it makes them look unprofessional... hire a native English speaker to proofread your menus & signs!Also, their Don/Bowl menu... the background image is that of an egg based don... however when I was there, there was absolutely no egg based don in their selection.  Lol.  Now, off to the food review:First off, let me point out that the owner here is a Korean guy that's lived in Japan for a while.  His "Japanese food" is about 80% Japanese... with a Korean flair.  This might help explain why the dishes & flavors might seem just slightly different from what you might expect from an authentic Japanese place.  I had the tempura udon, hubby had chicken teriyaki bowl.  I somewhat agree with Wendy about the teriyaki bowl ingredients looking like what may have come out of frozen mixed veggie bags plus some chicken (although I respectfully disagree about the bi bim bap... ground meat in a bi bim bap is actually quite common and standard from my experience: ))... they have broccoli and things in the bowl along with chicken... which isn't typical of a real chicken teriyaki bowl.  However to their credit, I liked that it was more well balanced than a traditional chicken teriyaki bowl and that my hubby was eating some veggies : ) Flavoring was quite a bit on the sweet side, which may or may not be appreciated, depending on your taste buds.My shrimp tempura udon also came with some veggies...shredded carrots, shiitake mushrooms, and scallions. Again, healthy.  But carrots are not traditional.  To their credit, the owner actually makes the soup stock from scratch.  It was good... perhaps not 100% Japanese tasting but quite close.We also got green tea boba to go.  Note that the boba teas here are served Korean style & not Taiwanese style... meaning, by default they make it frozen/smoothie like with ice blended in.  We liked it, (well, boba ANYTHING in walking distance served until 9pm is awesome), hubby was like "mmm".  For me, it was a tad too sweet, but it got better as ice melted away.  Overall we like the new concept, and their price tag.  Yes, it isn't really authentic Japanese food... but knowing it's in Sausalito and the owners being Korean, we don't really expect to taste authentic Japanese food when we come here anyway.  The food IMO has been pretty tasty nonetheless.  You'll have an issue with them ONLY if you came here expecting authentic Japanese dishes. Other than that, the owner is extremely friendly and nice, and his genuine efforts show from how he makes his own soup stock etc.  I hope that people accept the new Amy's Cafe concept and think of it as positive addition to the neighborhood : )
<review# 352,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2010,2/26/2011,278,126,5,6,6>I just got a job in Petaluma off N. McDowell, and being new to the area but an SF transplant, I was craving Thai and was unsure where to go.Yelp led me to this "hidden strip mall gem," which indeed surprised me.Handsome waiter; good service. Clean and charming interior. Free bowl of crispy puff chips served with a dipping sauce (on the fishy side; typical Thai). I ordered the small Tom Kha soup with chicken, and it arrived steaming hot and very fresh tasting. Delicious and beautiful and large portion.Next I went for the chicken Pra Ram with a side of Jasmine rice and rounded the meal out with a glass of LaCrema chardonnay. Very large portion size of Pra Ram served heartily with fresh vegetables, broccoli, liberal peanut sauce and nice, tidy pieces of white meat chicken.Very nice way to end my workweek, even though my new husband* has to work and was not with me :( Next time, I will come with company and make sure to order more!*Just married! (09/22/10).
<review# 353,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2011,2/25/2011,81,202,13,12,13>Years ago, the "hole in the wall" burger joint in Mill Valley was Phyllis', which was about a block further up Blithedale Avenue.  For various reasons Phyllis' suffered in quality and eventually vanished from downtown, leaving a void for a good burger joint in the area.Years ago also, this spot where Pearl's Burgers is now was the subject of a hot "landlord/tenant" dispute with Stefano's pizza.  Stefano's packed things up and moved directly across the street, making room for a new "hole in the wall" burger joint almost 15 years after Phyllis' scurried out of town.  Now that you are caught up on the local "history lesson" about the comings and goings of tiny restaurant places, you are probably wondering when I will get to the point about Pearl's.  What's the point, though?  You already know they have yummy bacon cheeseburgers, milkshakes, fries, kobe-beef substitutes and turkey burgers.  The only advice I can give is the same that I remembered from the last "hole in the wall" burger joint in Mill Valley...grab extra napkins and get it "to-go" if it is a nice day outside.  Odds are good that you will (a) make a mess and (b) there will not be much room to sit down.  Hey, rents are high in this area.  If you want these places to "make it"...there's not a lot of money to splurge on square footage.  Welcome to Mill Valley!
<review# 354,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/12/2011,2/24/2011,86,345,2,4,4>I love this place. I really do. So why three stars you ask?? Too busy, too pricey, too trendy (not in a good way). BUT, the food is fab and so are the milkshakes. Plus it's definitely convenient if you want something tasty but not too formal on your way up the Valley. However, as I sit here at my desk dreaming about what to have for lunch, I will CALL in my order.... Beats waiting in line any day. And when I get those delicious Ahi Tuna Poke tacos back to my desk, I will enjoy every bite.
<review# 355,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2010,2/23/2011,155,397,,3,7>Been coming here since I was a little hippie in high school. This place is crazy awesome; fresh, delicious and conscious eating can be found here. This last visit I had the falafel wrap. I'm not kidding-it was heavenly! The falafel was crunchy on the outside and warm but moist and delicious inside. With the crisp and fresh veggies it is the perfect combination!! Seriously amazing.
<review# 356,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/1/2010,2/22/2011,362,1009,3,6,3>This place has undergone a variety of changes over the more-than-a-decade that I've been patronizing it. I still love the coffee, and it's one of the few coffeeshops that actually has a good amount of vegan food offerings (that aren't just ABC cookies) for me to enjoy alongside said coffee.Also, I've finally come to the point in my life where I no longer encounter the obnoxious high school-era people I never wanted to see again here. But I'm not certain if the atmosphere has changed, or it's just me who has (or hasn't). It's a bit out of the way for me, seeing as I don't live downtown, but still convenient enough, and centrally located. The free parking in the lot behind has always been a plus as well.But... they have locks on all the outlets? I can't charge my computer? I mean, I understand you're trying to keep creepers or classic drain-on-the-system types from camping out all day, but seriously, that is just kind of lame. And not conducive to my writing habits. Ohh well.
<review# 357,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2010,2/21/2011,265,769,1,2,3>My BF left his heart here when he ate their brownie.  We stopped in one rainy day for a cup of joe, on our little downtown petaluma shopping and was greeted by one of the friendlist people we have ever met.  We had coffee, and our brownie and headed out on other adventures, but awesome deli atmosphere, and I can't wait to go backk and try the other things on the menu!
<review# 358,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2011,2/20/2011,3,16,4,5,4>Las Palmas es el mejor! Two reasons why Taqueria Las Palmas gets my rare and coveted 5 star review...1. AL PASTOR!!!2. Burrito mixed-ness (Allow me to explain)1. Their Al Pastor is the kind of Al Pastor you find deep in Mexico, standing on a spit cooking slowly all night, with all the juices running into your taco when they shave it off with a giant knife. It's the kind that has that exceptional spicy flavor, tender consistency with little crunchy bits, and just juicy enough to make each bite a dream...2. Now, you're probably wondering what "Burrito Mixed-ness" means.  If you eat your burritos like I do, in the vertical format, starting at one end and mowing your way through... then have you ever taken a bite of a burrito and all you get is meat and tortilla, then as you progress through the burrito you encounter the rice and then beans, and then end up at the guacamole and sour cream down at the other end (assuming it's a super burrito)? That DRIVES ME NUTS! I want all my burrito goodness to be in each bite!  Las Palmas does it right, they have the perfect mix, so that each bite is a gift from Al Pastor/guacamole heaven. Combine those attributes with a friendly staff, a great menu full of delicious looking options (that Ill probably never try because I'm addicted to Al Pastor Super Burritos) and good salsa, and you've got yourself el numero uno! Cinco Estrellas para Las Palmas!
<review# 359,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2011,2/19/2011,87,152,6,5,4>* OMG alert *Their Ricciarellis are excellent.  Do not wait until next holiday season to enjoy an awesome Italian almond cookie made only hours earlier.  Warning:  Instantaneous Addiction.
<review# 360,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/8/2010,2/18/2011,415,316,4,7,4>Why the 3 stars??? Well, because I can't just give 2 1/2 stars. We went for Easter Brunch. I hadn't been to Le Chalet Basque since I was in High School and that was a very looooooooong time ago. We decided to give it a try since we were looking for a simple brunch menu this time around for the holiday. Well, simple was an understatement in what their menu offerings were. First off the good part of the brunch was the service. Actually for the staff from the moment we walked in the door, our waiter, the chef greeting us as we were leaving I would really give them all 5 stars. Now for the part that in my opinion should be not review worthy and this is when I wish there was a zero star. Le Chalet Basque is a Gordon Ramsey nightmare. In looking around at the old decor, scuff marks on the walls, floor, basically everything rolled in to one, sexy Gordon would have a grand old time trying to remake the appearance. Food... me thinks not. So simple of a brunch menu that it was boring. The food was tasteless. The little blueberry crepe thing was full of canned blueberry pie filing. The sausages although at first sight looked good tasted horrible and after two bites we weren't able to eat them. I just don't understand. I've heard so many great things about this place over the years and really the only reason I didn't go before was because there was really no reason to take the longer drive out on San Pedro Road. Again I would like to make certain that is staff is congratulated for their great service especially on a major holiday. However due to the quality of the food I don't feel I will ever go back again even if someone offered to buy my meal.
<review# 361,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2012,7/6/2012,34,12,,1,1>Heather is amazing! I think I've seen her for every service - waxing, massage, facials - and she always does a fabulous job. The spa is beautiful and the products are top notch. And, I love that you can book appointments online - no waiting for a return call if the spa is closed.
<review# 362,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2012,7/5/2012,32,15,,2,1>We are new in town, and it was such a JOY to find Bonnie!  She cut my five year old son's hair today, and it was amazing.  He is not the type of child who exactly LOVES getting his haircut, but Bonnie made it A-OK.  He loved sitting up high in the "tall seat", and Bonnie explained everything that she was doing, while she did it.  The bonuses included meeting Bonnie's Boston Terrier, Popeye, and the yummy M&Ms she gave to us on our way out!  We will most definitely be back to see her again and again!  Thank you, Bonnie!
<review# 363,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2012,7/4/2012,198,60,,5,3>So excited for their new location in downtown Santa Rosa! Clean, beautiful, wonderful ambiance and some of the most friendly spa staff I have done business with. Although I have not used the skin, massage or waxing services, I hope to do so in the near future from all the wonderful things that I have heard from their other clients. Every girl needs to treat herself in one form or the other :)I originally came to Seasons of Skin when they were partnered with Lash Out (which they are no longer...). I absolutely adore my eye lash esthetician Erica Froom. I was skeptical at how much I would like my eyelash extensions and if they would be comfortable or not but Erica has certainly made me fall in love with my eyes. I opted for the glamour set ($300) and get my refills every 3 to 4 weeks ($85 with tip). I have very dense amounts of eyelashes so the extensions make my eyelashes appear even fuller and longer. I don't even need to wear mascara or eyeliner as the lashes do all the work for me. Literally cuts my 'getting ready' time by 15 minutes every day so the price to me is my time. Best part about the eyelash extensions... Women envy you cause they appear as real lashes and men comment on how beautiful your eyes look (even at the gym) ;)Make sure you ask for Erica Froom and I swear you will leave with a huge grin on your face when they are all done!
<review# 364,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2008,7/3/2012,139,364,,2,2>Always gonna love this spot. The more I go the better it gets. So the wife that works the register told me she loves the veggie burritto or quesadilla. I got the DILLA, it was slamming. Full of fresh veggies like squash and broccoli. Who knew.......Oh and I just noticed that they changed their salsa's. I guess they rotate a few different recipes. So good! A taqueria couldn't get better than this place!
<review# 365,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2012,7/2/2012,10,8,9,1,1>Best sandwiches, hands down. I'm a small eater, so I end up eating a half of their sandwiches. I am perfectly OK with that, because an hour later I can experience the wonderful sandwich again! I have had several sandwiches: two specials, a jambon brie, and the croque monsieur.Actually, no. I do not like the lines. This place is horrible. You have no interest in this place.
<review# 366,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2012,7/1/2012,724,333,3,5,4>NO FRILLS at The Cook House - so don't expect any damn it!!This is one of those places that are great to know about - a hidden diner gem. This is a place that you don't give one star too - even if they had a bad day, you just don't do that - they're not competing against the regular crowd. The Cook House is sooooooooooooo far from the 'Regular Crowd' you cannot judge it, just have low expectations - look at the place - and be wowed! Great eggs, toast, bacon, everything is good - it's not Artistic or even meant to be. It has lousy diner coffee but that's what I expect and am happy with that. One thing I gotta say though, you get a ton, I mean a TON of food, but the prices are like everywhere else - it's going to cost you 10 bucks for breakfast, the diff is you're either taking half of it to go or your STUFFED out of your mind. I like the waitress in there - she's cool, on top of it, and gettin the job done.
<review# 367,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2011,6/30/2012,0,3,,2,1>A friend and I had dinner here recently and enjoyed the experience very much. Being a transplanted native San Franciscan living in the Santa Rosa area I found this restaurant to be of the quality of old-time SF Italian places. Great service, very efficient use of floor space and excellent food. We both had the veal piccatta, delicious. Also, the organic radicchio salad and the Lava cake for dessert. In a word ...outstanding.
<review# 368,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2011,6/29/2012,10,179,,1,1>KILLER AL PASTOR.Basically a truck in front of a restaurant (??) but killer, straightforward taqueria food. All the funny stuff is here (lengua, cabeza, etc) but the straight up al pastor is phenomenal.
<review# 369,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2012,6/28/2012,47,61,1,2,3>Open an hour earlier than posted for the summer. Two outdoor tables to enjoy. $2 for a single - Single scoop on a cone is bigger than a single scoop in a cup. Delightful, creamy lime sorbet. :)My son thoroughly enjoyed the Oreo ice cream as well. A few horchata, agus fresca, etc drinks to choose from. No self-serve froyo or toppings :(
<review# 370,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2012,6/27/2012,170,264,9,23,10>When it rains it pours, or so I've heard. The last week in March it poured on me. Hard.I always do my best to be grateful & realize things can always be worse, but this year was starting to sound like an especially good country song. My car died, friends were passing, my husband was injured & then my computer completely crashed. I went to the Apple Store for my scheduled appointment two days after the crash & it was raining the hardest it ever does in Marin County.Those genius guys at the Apple Store could not "mount" my hard drive & recommended I call Drivesavers while I was at their store. At the time, I was under the crunch of a big deadline for a work project, so I was most concerned about the project, but after the Drivesavers woman asked if there were any special photos or videos on the computer, I realized my entire life was attached to the recovery of my hard drive. The quote over the phone was between $900 - $3500 & though Drivesavers' hours are convenient, I chose to wait until the next day to drive it to them.I carried my tiny hard drive in the palm of my hand, which felt much more like my very own heart that day. I'm an over-extended person who knows I should've been backing up my data, but was always putting it off. DUMB. Because you're probably searching hard drive recovery or similar seeking help & not wanting to read more of my long-winded review, here's the short of it. Drivesavers weren't able to find out why the Apple Store couldn't view anything on my drive & were able to view all of my data & they transferred everything to my external drive as a COURTESY! Yes, you read that correctly. COURTESY. I'm sure my case is probably rare, but they could've taken me for the financial ride of my life, but they didn't. Call them. Do it now. You'll never know what it will cost until they've looked at the problem & you may just get pleasantly surprised like I did.Drivesavers is honest & awesome. I was pleased even on the initial visit just to see all of the museum of computer mishaps (fires, dives into the Amazon, & more), but also the celebrity endorsements & thank you notes. When I walked out leaving my hard drive behind for them to do diagnostics at no charge, I already was wondering if my child's photos were worth $900 let alone $3500. I was prepared to lose it all because even though Drivesavers allows payment plans, car repairs were the priority at that moment as sad as it was to admit. If you're in a computer pickle, why are you still reading? Really... Call NOW.A very special thank you to Rebecca, Bodhi & Jim. My computer was restored to its original glory right down to my bookmarked favorites & my favorite desktop photo. I love you all!
<review# 371,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2013,5/29/2013,431,328,4,5,5>This is hands down the best tanning salon in Napa. After a less-than-stellar experience at Club Tan across town, I received a message from another Yelper saying I should try out Painted Lady Tanning. A reservation wasn't required,  I ended up just walking in and getting the "Cocktail", which is a UV tan followed by a spray tan for just $45. I thought that was a pretty good deal. The girl working the front desk was extremely helpful and nice. It was actually really nice how genuine she seemed to be. The interior is adorable and beautifully maintained. I noticed that the lobby not only had lots of magazines but also children's toys. I don't have kids myself but I thought that must be really great for the moms and dads who want to get their tan on.Both the UV and Mystic tan turned out to be probably the best tan I've ever had and seems to be lasting. I'm definitely coming back and am already a big fan!
<review# 372,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2013,5/27/2013,47,13,,2,3>Finally... hit this dark and sultry place years after it's original creation as Martini House. Loved the 30s dark decor on the inside: black leather chairs, dark wood  and stuffed geese as decor. Staff were friendly and attentive... entrees? YUM! Cheese and charcuterie plates were perfect! My favorite, albeit simple side dish was the polenta. Any place that can make this perfect... is a rockstar.. and they do this well! My entree: The Bucatini with Berkshire Pork Sugo was divine! Perfectly cooked pasta with all the scrumptious layers of ingredients... black truffle being one of them! Best of all was their cocktails... definitely will be back for their Rosemary Pear Shrub (209 Gin, Rosemary Pear Shrub, Ginger, Lemon Juice, Seltzer). I see this as being the go to place on those nice long summer nights soon!
<review# 373,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2012,5/26/2013,25,76,1,3,4>Oh my gosh where do I start!! My wife and I have been looking forward to checking out this place for a very long time. Then a few weeks ago we decided to go up on Mothers Day and wow was it worth it!! We had the Arepas, Charapas, garlic fried Yucca (which I absolutely recommend), tostones and the empanadas! Oh my gosh I had the pulled pork Charapa and was that just delicious, the flavor was amazing and the portion was just right! The tostones were just delicious with the spicy sauce and the Arepa that my wife had was very good, the sweet corn bread was soft, and kind of tasted like a really good corn bread.I recommend Pica Pica to anyone that is in the area and wants to try great food!!
<review# 374,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2010,5/25/2013,81,202,2,8,6>This place has always amazed me a little bit.  I don't know how they are able to pull it off in such a small space, but they will frequently have author events which often feature huge celebrities on book-signing tours.  Equally amazing is the fact that they have been able to "hang on" as a local, independent bookstore while many others (chain and independent) have failed in Marin.  With the looming technology of Kindle threatening the future of large chain Bookstores across the nation (Borders and Barnes & Noble are suddenly struggling to find their relevance), something tells me that this place will survive for decades into the future just fine.Maybe that's because their cafe has really great soups and sandwiches which make this a great "quick stop" for lunch, on top of everything else Book Passage has to offer?  You have to make sure to "bookmark" this place if you are ever in the area!
<review# 375,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2012,5/24/2013,83,102,,1,1>I loved this little pizza place. It's cozy, the ambiance is intimate and the food is amazing.We sat under the heat lamp outside with the spring salad as our appetizer. I loved it. fennel, radish, furee, feta cheese with lemon vingerette...mmm mmm.We ordered the Capricciosa pizza...While waiting for it we got served the Marinara pizza. We were so hungry we didnt even notice we were eating the wrong pizza, it was so yummy. Then our pizza that we originally ordered came and all of us just looked at each other like what? just happened even the waitress..lolThey had a mix up, but that happens sometimes. We got to try two pizza's.They were both amazing.I recommend both.For dessert we shared some french vanilla ice cream with fruit. Raspberries and Strawberries.We are definetly going back.
<review# 376,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2013,5/23/2013,83,446,2,6,3>Wow! Just when I thought Marin didn't have any fabulous real traditional Mexican food. What a find. I had the cocktails de camerones and it was superb. To their infinite credit they went the extra mile to devein the shrimp. This dish is hard to get right and they performed! We also shared the chips and guacamole. Both are pure perfection. The guacamole had nice chunks in it and they didn't water it down with filler as so many places do. My husband's tortilla soup was delicious as well. We both loved the whole experience, including the colorful friendly decor. I will be back again and again.
<review# 377,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2012,5/22/2013,19,41,1,6,4>If you truly want to feel like you have been transported to a European cafe, this is the place. Be mindful not to come her while on a diet though since the sweet little treats they offer are hard to pass up. The coffee if memory serves me right was quite good, better than any Starbucks swamp water. The pastries are to die for though, while all looking like tiny sugary sculptures beneath the glass. The decor is on point, wooden cabinets and small cafe tables create the ambiance of a scene from an impressionist painting. Best time to come if you can afford it is the middle of the day, to slowly enjoy an espresso and a treat while finishing up a chapter in your favorite book.
<review# 378,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2013,5/20/2013,48,74,,2,2>First time here the other day for a late lunch with a friend from out of town. She picked this place out based on reviews and they were right. The server recommended 3-5 of the "small plates" for two people, I'm sure we could have eaten more but three plates seemed to be enough for us. She ordered the Filet mignon sliders. ($16)  My friend said they were good, a little dry or "well done" as she politely put it. Looked pretty good, although they didn't look like traditional sliders but more like steak on rolls with the spinach and mustard sauce. She did seem over all pleased with them.To share we got the Caramelized pear & cambozola flatbread, with apple wood smoked bacon. ($11) It was pretty good, there seemed to be quite a bit of honey but was fine when we added a pinch of the table salts they provide. All and all good, filling, probably will go with something else next time though. She enjoyed the flatbread as well, but also thought there was just a touch too much honey. I ordered the Organic "brick chicken" with tzatziki sauce and fried onion salad. ($12)It was wonderful, the chicken was very seasoned and flavorful, not dry at all. The tzatziki was very good as well, they serve it with a side of harissa which the server informed me was spicy so I didn't use it. The fried onion salad is more of an arugula salad, which I am all for. Yum. I shuffled off most the fried onions to my friend though, they were crispy and delicious. The service was fairly well, our server was informative and didn't judge me when I had stupid questions about the menu or couldn't pronounce things...lol. It was a little wait to be seated, I think everyone was setting up the patio but we finally got our seat, out on the patio. Very nice. I'm a fan, I'm sure I'll be coming back to sample more of the small plates.
<review# 379,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2013,5/19/2013,0,5,,2,2>This is our go to place for wonderful Indian food.  I am not much of a buffet fan so can't comment on that, but I can say the food off the menu (including take away) is consistently wonderful. The chicken tikka masala is always a hit as is the shrimp saagwala and kabuli naan. The owners are delightful as is Amba.  Hands down our favorite restaurant in Marin, and our favorite Indian food in North America.
<review# 380,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2013,5/18/2013,28,15,,6,5>Just visited this place for the first time today, and I'm so glad I did. I had the Porkhouse Melt which is pulled pork, bacon and melted cheese on the most amazing two pieces of deli bread I have ever had. It was both soft AND crispy. It was thick AND thin. I don't know how they did it! And that was just the bread... the pulled pork was incredible. Their variety of BBQ sauces on the table were super tasty, I tried each one and liked them all, and then I mixed them all together on my sandwich because I'm a glutton like that, and it was so delicious. The onion rings were very crispy and delicious. Their fries were super tasty too! Next time, I'm trying the sweet potato tots. I found their prices were very reasonable, especially for the quality and quantity of the food. The owner himself actually took our orders and served us, which so impressed me, because usually, if an owner is actually around, he just passes you off onto a lower member of the staff, and maybe comes by to ask how it was. This guy was actually taking orders and serving our food. Oh and it's BYOB, which I can't wait to do next time. I will be back, can't wait to try everything on the menu.
<review# 381,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2008,7/28/2008,294,503,3,5,6>Take this place with a grain of salt, it's not the four seasons, it's not even the two seasons, it's a chilled out restaurant with outdoor seating one block from the beach.  Also, one block from the house that we stayed in this weekend.  When the house looks like a bomb exploded from the 4th of July chaos and you've realized that the clean up is going to take at least 3 hours with 14 people helping you throw up your hands and head over here for some grub to get people motivated.  Hit this place on Saturday for a yummy breakfast burrito and some time in the early morning sun (read fog until 3:30 pm in Stinson), and chilled out with my main man until we mustered up the strength to return to the lion's den/heaven that was our house this weekend.The burrito was really good with organic eggs and random veggies, even a home fry or two tossed in.  The best part was the salsa on top.  Accompanied by fresh fruit was also a bonus.  The man's meal was a scramble with a LOT of cheese on top, good for him cause he likes cheese but if you're concerned about dairy intake you wanna ask them to chill on that. Great bloody marys, great mimosas and oysters also abound.  There was some live music on Sunday.....hmmmm, I still feel relaxed....
<review# 382,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2007,7/27/2008,4,14,1,5,4>Four stars here is a judgment for the bar only.  Probably the best and biggest selection of alcohols in Marin and maybe the Bay Area.  However, the wines by the glass are less then mediocre.  Given that the bar is located in Marin County it's already faced with quite a challenge, but for the area, it's probably the most upscale bar in town.  It's hard to put blame on it's clientle because it comes with the territory.  Entertaining bartenders here too.      I'll have to agree with some of the opinions about the food though.  It's pretty hit or miss and it's price to quality ratio is a bit inflated.  Not to say I haven't had a good meal there before, I did have brunch there not long ago and it was fantastic.  Just ask for the servers honest opinion, they'll steer you in the right direction.
<review# 383,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2008,7/26/2008,301,551,10,18,8>I'm not a hobo, but this hostel is nicer than my house. Okay, I'm like a little bit of a hobo, but this hostel is still a lot nicer than other people's nice houses that I've seen before. And unlike the concept of hostels past, it's not just for the youths - everybody's welcome here!Basically it's like your basic rustic, wooded, wood-frame Marin County hippie mansion, but instead of being owned by a rich former manager of the Grateful Dead or something, it's run by a non-profit hosteling organization and is smack dab in the middle of the the Marin Headlands in Golden Gate National Park - And it costs about about $20 a night per person. And it's pretty much located at the foot of the Golden Gate Bridge. And the whole Marin Headlands is pretty much your front and back yard. And it smells like beautiful, like eucalyptus and natural Pine-Sol and beach and real live air all the time - It is freaking amazing.The road into this place IS the road with the view points to see the Golden Gate Bridge, so every time we drove there or back we would feel almost 10 feet away from the actual bridge with views unlike anything I'd ever seen before in my life - even in postcards.The beds are mostly twin bunks, like at a nice dorm, maybe in Oregon or something is kind of the vibe, and the rooms are all named after National Parks: The Grand Canyon room, Joshua Tree, Yosemite, etc.   You either stay in a communal type dorm with other travelers or there are various private rooms of different sizes that cost a little bit more. I stayed in three different private rooms over the course of about a week - a 22 bed, and 8 bead and a 2 bed.  All were great, and the two bed room even had a full/queen size bottom bunk.This isn't a hotel, it's a hostel, so the rules a a little different. There are chores - no cow milking or yard hoeing or anything like that, pretty much you just have to leave the place how you found it: make the beds, empty the trash, vacuum - you clean up after yourself - really takes about 15-20 minutes everyday tops. And there are quiet hours at night, so any crazy partying is done on the DL.The staff is pretty much very young, nice and helpful, but also nicely distant and not all up in your business at all. Sooooper laid back like. Like so super laid back it's really hard to get them on the phone when you're calling to make your reservations, so plan early if possible and just keep trying to get through - It is totally worth it. Also this place was very kids friendly - even a high chair there and I encountered other parents there also, but we were all in the different private rooms.  It appeared to be the spot for whole weddings (like my group) and youth sports teams booking up the whole place, so seriously - book and plan early and you should definitely make reservations!The bathrooms were very clean, in fact everything was very clean, and nothing like the movie "Hostel" appeared to be breaking out there at all. And unless you are a serious, serious hiker or climber or up-hill cyclist - you will need a car to access this hostel.Oh, and to answer the number one thing people have asked me about it: No. You can't move in here. There's a two-week maximum stay per person per year. I know, I know. I was totally about to move in here, too! $20 a night per person is cheaper than rent pretty much any place in the Bay Area, especially in Marin County and with this kind of proximity to San Francisco. Believe me, if it could be done, I would already be figuring out the way.I'm kicking myself for not knowing about this when I lived there, but this is now going to be my go-to spot for all of my future Bay Area visits back home.
<review# 384,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2008,7/25/2008,96,657,12,35,12>In the Zen Center parlance, a bow to my worthy fellow reviewers, who've done a great job describing the charms of this place. I'm finishing up a two-night retreat here and I'm just about certain I'll be back.The place is gorgeous, tranquil and surprisingly easy to navigate after a day or so of getting acclimated. Everything is clean and well maintained, though I've made the odd discovery that not all outlets work. Well, they don't all work at my place either.I came in time to catch the Sunday Program, which at a $5 suggested donation (I think) is a bargain. You get meditation instruction, actual meditation time, a dharma talk, tea session, and question-and-answer period before lunch. Speaking of food, it's just really terrific here. Everything's veggie, organic, thoughtfully made, satisfying. I had one lunch that was only middling, but that's in comparison to the rest, so they've really set the bar high for themselves.Green Gulch has several levels of guest: Student, Guest Practice Retreatant, and Guest. I chose the Guest stay because, at $85 per night, it was a great bargain for getting a lot of writing work done and also being able to participate in the community without structure or obligations.I love the trails here. As mentioned by others, Muir Beach is only 20-25 minutes away. Pair that with Pirates Cove or another trail and there's no need to leave the Zen Center to go to the gym. Why would you want to, anyway?A few things that you may or may not find helpful: Mealtimes are communal and there's a silent table, which is nice if you're like me and don't like to make small talk while I eat. However, it does get a little loud since everyone's in there at the same time.Also, there's wifi, which is great. However, it only works in the Wheelwright Center and Library areas, so if you're staying in the Guest House, as most people do, you won't be able to access it from your room.One thing I didn't know until I got there: None of the rooms have locks, so if you're planning to bring valuables, you might want to bring something to tie them down (such as a computer lock for your laptop) if that gives you peace of mind. I felt very secure, but you do never know who's around, unfortunately. Seeking spirituality doesn't necessarily mean you ain't got a case of kleptomania.One last small thing: I'd booked two nights in the Wheelwright Center. The first was great -- private bathroom and everything, though I hadn't realized it was $15 extra -- but they'd mucked up my reservation and I wound up switching rooms halfway through my stay. It's not that big a deal, but I guess I'm not yet Zen enough to not be at all irritated. However, by my big five-star review, I guess you can tell I wasn't irritated enough not to return to this gorgeous place.
<review# 385,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/16/2008,7/24/2008,289,905,12,7,6>You know when a place is beyond good when it is packed to the gills on a Sunday night.  Some friends of ours took my husband and I here for dinner a few weeks ago and I was very impressed.My husband and I shared the Insalata Caprese.  The ingredients were obviously fresh.... which we should have just stuck with.  I thought the husband was sharing my entree with me but he ordered the Sunday dinner special (cioppino) and my jaw hit the floor.  I wasn't that hungry and thought that it was all about me and my steak.  But apparently it wasn't.   I usually order a steak.... eat half and bring the rest home to my dog.  Yes, I said 'my dog'.  Look..... if you had my dog, you'd do the same thing... look at him:  static.px.yelp.com/photoHe's the cutest fucking thing ever.  EVER.I was full during the Caprese.... the half loaf of bread and the 2 glasses of iced tea.  Approaching explosion, I couldn't stop eating.... the food is that good.  My husband's cioppino was quite good.  Why only 3 stars?  I felt like we were being rushed to hurry up and wait, order and rush eating our meals.  While I was still playing with my food, we were asked about dessert and coffee.  And after reading the other reviews, we were not offered the Parmesan and olive medley.  I thought that every table was ordering it.  Apparently it's delicious according others.I wouldn't know.  FUCKERS.
<review# 386,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2008,7/23/2008,51,131,5,6,6>What a treat to have found the only bar in an unmarked town (locals tear down the signs, trying to keep tourists out). I think just about everyone in the joint stopped what they were doing momentarily to turn around and look when we walked in (we were quite LITERALLY the only non-locals there). But we were treated no differently than anyone else, and our new friend Stephan (1 of the locals who we wound up talking with for a while) even commended us for fitting in so well, given that we don't *really* fit in... Anyhow, the wide selection of beer was cold (all bottled; no tap). And the bar full (the locals all seem to order a shot (or 2) with their beer). They also serve hot dogs and fries if you're hungry, though we skipped that and just took in the sights and sounds - wonderfully surreal, fascinating people watching and musical entertainment. This place is one that words can't really describe - you just have to experience it for yourself. I will remember this place fondly for a long, long time to come. :)
<review# 387,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2008,7/22/2008,194,214,2,2,3>I did my first live Solo Performance here (March 9th, 2008). Was my first time to Peri's and from the moment I walked in I was struck but the super chill vibe. CASH only bar..Great LIVE music (not just because I was playing :D ). Nice stage set up for bands and solo acts as well. GREAT, GREAT local, chill, bohemian crowd that was super excited about everyone that played that night! Will be Back to play  to see other LIVE music and play again @ Peri's !!
<review# 388,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2007,7/21/2008,120,313,5,8,8>Another great hiking destination just a short drive from the city.  We did a hilly 7~8 mile loop, starting at the trailhead by the parking lot and taking the Coastal Trail out to Muir Beach.  I think once you start heading up the hills the crowds really taper off - you definitely see less of those ubiquitous (and kind of goofy looking) baby jogging strollers.  You don't get as much of the city skyline from here as you do from the Marin Headlands, but you still get incredible ocean views.  The Pelican Inn at Muir Beach is a great halfway spot for a break, but go easy on the beer and the pub food, because it's hilly on the way back!  You can either retrace your steps on the Coastal Trail or try one of the other trails for a loop back (ugh, I'm so bad with trail names).  Either way, you can't go wrong.Best part: it's just minutes from the city.  There are no parking fees, but the lot fills up fast (it was packed by 10am on a Sunday morning), so get there early.
<review# 389,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2007,7/19/2008,434,100,4,4,6>Its nice to leave the old "cheese breeze" hovering over San Francisco these days and head out across the bridge. Its like emerging into a whole new world, where the sun is shining, birds are chirping, and little girls go biking past in short jean shorts. Its actually summer. Almost forgot what that feels like. I digress. This is supposed to be about the Mill Valley Municipal Golf Course which, when I have 18 bucks and a couple hours to kill, is a great place to hit a few balls. Stunning views of Mt. Tamalpais from the 3rd and 4th holes and a well maintained course make for pleasurable golf. It actually smells like summer too, the fresh cut grass and leaves. Its a great alternative to Golden Gate and you can wear shorts unlike Gleneagles or the Presidio. I also found 10 balls in the bushes off the tee at the 7th, which pretty much paid for my round. Four!!
<review# 390,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2007,7/18/2008,8,18,2,2,4>It's true that before I met Brooks I never really knew that those little cakes were called petit fours.  And even whenever I had tried them they were usually dry and boring.  Then I was introduced to Dragonfly Cakes and have a new found appreciation for these delectable creations.  I've since kept my eyes open and have been fortunate to find Dragonfly Cakes at many different events   this past year- b-day parties, weddings, work parties... Though food quality and customer service are usually a hard combination to find Brooks and her crew have mastered both.  When you call to make an order or ask even some questions they treat you like family.I will recommend these guys to everyone I know!Thank you for being such a great business and part of the community!
<review# 391,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2010,8/5/2012,27,12,3,7,3>Kayla is AMAZING.After searching for a new nail place to get a much-needed (and deserved?) pedicure, I settled on Sasee because a) it is right down the street from my house and b) Kayla happened to have two available appointments for my mom & I.  I am SO HAPPY I called because I do believe that I have found THE PEDICURE spot in Cotati.Incidentally, I was looking for something in-between a quick'n'easy nail place (Star Nails on E. Cotati) & a full spa experience (Coldwater Creek Spa in SR).Kayla easily spent over an hour on my mom & I, and let me tell you - she gave me the best foot rub ever!  (I'm not gonna lie, I was half-hoping that she'd hit those magic pressure points that are said to induce labor.  No labor, but the pure pedi bliss made up for it.)  She used an amazing foot scrub and wrapped our feet in waxed strips that left my toesies so soft & smooth.  Her polish job was impeccable and, after over two hours total, we left the salon feeling super happy & relaxed.At $30, you can't beat Kayla's pedicures or her price!  My only cautions are:1) she takes only cash or checks (but she let me run down the street to grab $ from Oliver's)2) you may become addicted to the experienceConsider yourself warned & be prepared for the bliss!
<review# 392,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2012,8/4/2012,0,6,2,2,4>Nina (the new owner since September 2011) has been doing my nails for years first in Sant Rosa and now I drive to Healdsburg and will follow her however far she goes.  She is the best at acrylics and free handing any design you can think of. She focuses on detail and does not let anyone leave unhappy.  I highly reccommend her if you are trying to have natural looking nails with a little spunk.
<review# 393,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2010,8/3/2012,13,47,3,5,2>Love this store.  For all those who have ever watched the BBC series "Doctor Who," you will know what a Tardis is.  A Tardis is, from the outside, about the size of a large telephone booth.  But, blend together time travel and science fiction, and, once you step through the doors of the Tardis, you will find yourself in a massive space, several hundred square feet, at least.  That is what it feels like when you walk through the doors of Perry's.The shelves are stocked with, amazingly, exactly what you need, nearly every time.  And if you are not sure what you need, the friendly and knowledgeable staff (often including Perry himself) will be there to point you in the right direction.This store not only provides you with the materials and guidance you need, but also surpasses expectations when it comes to devoting time to making sure you are completely happy with your customer service experience.A real find.
<review# 394,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2012,8/2/2012,1,10,,2,2>Love this store and everything it carries, from stationery and rubber stamping supplies, to beautiful clothing and jewelry, to housewares, to wonderful-smelling candles. (Geodesis tuberose burning as I type.)  Even a terrific, wide-ranging selection of Moleskin journals.  Lovely items lovingly stocked by folks with a cool design aesthetic.
<review# 395,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2012,8/1/2012,25,26,5,3,2>I LOVE this gym. I love that its not pretentious, I can always get a locker and there are real people here. I agree with Cory, I have never been hit on and I am an attractive woman in my 30's. I am extremely flexible and have only had really nice people come and ask how I got that way. I also have an air of  " I'm here to get the job done" and people seem to respect that.    I used to have a Bay Club Membership, HATED it. What a waste of money. This however is like supporting my family. Something I am gladly willing to do. Now off to a yoga class I go!
<review# 396,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2012,7/31/2012,93,29,,7,2>I feel really lucky to have discovered Simone and Epizen. After too many months without a facial, she helped my skin recharge.I made an appointment for microderm (with the intention of buying a pack of 6), and I felt really lucky when she helped me to start out with a personalized facial that made more sense for my skin's current needs. I really appreciated her honesty and the extra care she took to make sure my needs came before I bought something that my skin wasn't ready for.I'm excited to go back, and looking forward to some of the very affordable add-ons she has for facials. Last note, Simone is an expert at extractions, your skin will thank you!
<review# 397,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2011,7/30/2012,74,28,1,5,2>I LOVE this awesome Flower Shop, across the street from Paradise Bay Restaurant, and Wellingtons wine bar.It has such a welcoming Owner and his Wife, and most of all, their young Son, Nathan.The Flowers are the freshest they can be.Don't bother going any other flower shop, unless price is important, and when it is i go to Safeway in Strawberry.They will ship around the World!!Wesley
<review# 398,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2010,7/29/2012,419,792,1,5,1>Be sure to bring a hat, good coat and be prepared for maraudering raccoons.  One walked right between my legs to get a bag of garbage while I was sitting at a picnic table.  Couldnt walk around now could you?  But hey, thats what happens when people feed the little buggers.  Fortunately each campsite has a cupboard to lock up food while you are away...or even while your there since these guys are aggressive.
<review# 399,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2009,7/28/2012,38,33,2,3,2>Ask my girlfriend, I've been talking about how much I want to eat at Chipotle lately, and because of Marin's weird rule about chain restaurants, it's a dream that might not be in my day to day life.  Thank jebus for Sonoma Latina Grill!Not only is it a great Chipotle substitute, but it blasts them out of the water.  Great ingredients, convenient location, and wonderful atmosphere make this a must stop a couple times a week for a Top Notch Burrito.  Yes, price is a little high for a fast food-esque place, but a mole burrito for under 10 bucks is pretty worth it to me, especially if the quality it consistently high.Okay, I have to go there right now.Gotta agree though; could use some chips.
<review# 400,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2012,7/27/2012,81,202,1,5,5>A Mt. Tam Burger with bacon, avocado, sauteed onions and cheese.  A couple of pints of their new Preservation Ale.  Banter with familiar faces on both sides of the bar.  Great bartenders smiling and serving up $3 pints of amazing beer on Tuesdays.  Cheaper refills on growlers every Wednesday.  A big, sunny, outdoor patio in the back.  This is a great place that I have loved to visit for more than 23 years - truly the heart of something that is special in Marin - you've got to love Marin Brewing Company in Larkspur Landing!!
<review# 401,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2009,11/30/2011,10,179,,7,4>One of the best wineries in Sonoma County, period. Has been a fantastic producer of Pinot Noir, Zinfandel, Cabernet, Chardonnay and Rose for many years.Why is he not yet famous? Because he is modest, self-deprecating, and because he does NOT make huge, superripe wines. They are all balanced, elegant, understated and DELICIOUS.Take my word for it -- all of us in the wine industry are completely puzzled by the fact that Fred has not yet reached cult status. If you like wines that favor class and complexity over flash and pomposity, check Scherrer out.
<review# 402,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2011,11/29/2011,273,551,2,12,4>Thai Time transformed from the old Golden Dragon with a fresh and more welcoming approach with painted walls and artwork. The lunch specials are very affordable with around 15-20 options all for $8 including rice and a salad.  Ordered the peanut noddles and the peanut curry was so tasty. Also tried the siamese eggplant that was wonderful. Something about the juicy-full texture of eggplant with basil and red pepper sauce. Always a solid option. Also ordered the thai ice tea and it was one of the best I've ever had. Also the waters came with a slice or cucumber and strawberry. I love when restaurant take that next step. Next time I want to try their Santa Rosa appetizer which is 14 fried bites of shrimp, wontons, and lots more with housemaid dipping sauces. Will be back, excited for a new Thai place is downtown.
<review# 403,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2011,11/28/2011,68,15,1,17,9>I've been training at the Gracie Barra Academy for four months, and I absolutely love it.  The coaches do a terrific job, and I really look forward to classes.  With past martial arts experiences, I tended to get a little bored with practicing "forms" and "kata".  There are no forms to memorize at GBJ, just really cool techniques!  I recommend to all my friends!
<review# 404,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2011,11/27/2011,248,493,8,9,9>I will follow foodFollow food wherever it may goThere isn't an ocean too deepA mountain so high it can keepKeep me awaaaaaayOk, I was a big cupcake trend hold out.However.Larkspur Food Truck Friday, The Food Truck Crush, saw me in the ol' cake line today, and mind made up on the seasonal special: Peach. A Peach Cupcake. Not just essence of peach. Cream Cheese Peach Frosting. One of those little chewy peach candies as a topper - but the real topper? Peach FILLED. Peaches in the MIDDLE. I was floored. I bake myself, but this takes the cake - literally. The bottom was no ordinary cupcake dribble, it was GRAHAM CRAKER. Like the crust of a PIE. Just a touch of salt and a great bunch of great, this was honestly, quite possibly the best cupcake that I have ever, ever had.So, I went back for seconds. Snickerdoodle. Oh MAMA. This was gloriously moist cake, again, topped with a cinnamon, well Snickerdoodle flavored buttercream, and a tiny cookie of it's namesake perched on top.I loved these cupcakes, I was crazy about these cupcakes. I am still basking in the GLOW of these cupcakes. Bravo Sift, you've got it right.
<review# 405,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2011,11/26/2011,340,166,9,10,16>- When The Dream Crusher Came Down To Veterans Memorial Park - A Friday night gig at Veterans Memorial Park in the summer was the gig to get and I had been preparing for months.  I had my SignaJam files saved and backed up and formatted.  I unplugged my computer and speakers and boxed them for the drive to The Park.  Unbeknownst to me, a spider crawled into my computer a few months back and laid eggs on my motherboard.  Unbeknownst to the spider, the eggs contained a virus, a virus that he picked up from one of his lady friends in Santa Barbara right before he found comfort in the darkness of a cedar chest that eventually made its way up north to my pad.  It wasn't until the lights went down at the Veterans Memorial Park and I was getting ready to fire off my first musical masterpiece with a click of my mouse, that a quick pop could be heard from within the walls of my machine.  The screen turned a bright blue.  The smell of roasted spiders eggs filled the air.  My intranet computer jam sizzled in mere nanoseconds and I knew I was doomed.  The crowd waited.  I stood frozen and hunched over my keyboard and monitor as if I were anticipating a miracle.  I finally freed myself from the restraints of sheer horror and stepped to the microphone and apologized for the technical mishap.  I shrugged my shoulders and lumbered off stage, leaving my gear on stage and leaving behind a befuddled crowd.  I awoke at about 10 or 11 the next day and started once again.  My chance at creative relevance had been blown, but I was done dwelling on my failure.  I decided to head back over to the park in order take in its beauty without the pressure of anticipation or the willingness to make a dream come true.  I flopped down with my backpack on the green grass and slept for awhile.  I could hear Main Street buzzing above me and to the left.  People were talking and wondering, laughing and yelling OK!, walking over there, crossing the street to somewhere in Napa.  Ducks were chattering and chuckling below me in the Napa River.  I started to float away from all of that and began dreaming of a different place and time.
<review# 406,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2011,11/24/2011,58,161,7,9,8>Thank goodness for LivignSocial deals! I doubt I'd ever swing by an animal auction yard to try out some hot dogs had it not been for the deal I purchased.  But man am I glad I did!These are not glamor dogs a la the gourmet sausage scene that's going on in LA and OC.  These are down home, freaking delicious, run of the mill dogs - spruced up with some awesome toppings.  Got the Chicago Dog with the deal, which comes with lime green relish, sport peppers, tomatoes, celery salt and mustard.  Had a very serious debate with my dining companion about what type of fries to order (forget those chips that came with the deal, we wanted fries!). Ended up getting the chili cheese fries which we scooped up like we had never seen food before.  Lots of meat, no beans, rich and warm with just a little spice and tons of gooey melted cheddar cheese all on top of crinkle cut fries.  This was a damn good hot dog meal.  I'll be back for sure.
<review# 407,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2009,11/23/2011,1,4,1,2,2>We have been going to this building over the years in its many incarnations as different restaurants, but since Hilda and family took over, it has risen to the status of "Our Favorite" very quickly!  Beside the great menu, Hilda creates different specials every day with flavors that please the palate in so many ways...supurb!  The wait staff is very personable and have been with the restaurant for many years!  Fantastic Mothers Day brunch...we never miss it!  We will go back here many times!  Tonight, we had Hilda's Crab Cakes, Butternut Squash soup, the Pork Tenderloin special (we hardly ever order off of the main menu, the specials are always good) and had to get the Pumpkin Pie Cheesecake with caramel sauce to go!  Fantastic meal!Addition, 11/16/10: Finally got to have the fantastic Turkey Burger "Nadia Style", which has gooey cheese, mushrooms and chopped jalapenos! My friend that accompanied me wimped out on the jalapenos, but he agreed...best turkey burger ever!  I have had their wonderful salads before, but this burger was heaven!  Five MORE stars for their lunch menu!
<review# 408,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2008,11/22/2011,65,89,2,3,1>Downtown Novato: aspiring to be so much more for dinner. Grazie offers the latest: a strangely laid out place that looks like it belongs in SF's Marina, complete with all blond servers dressed in black with open collars and glittering dcolletage. This is Novato?Let's talk menu. Did I mention it's a small place? You'd hardly know from the menu. 6 pages, packed densely with everything from traditional Italian fare to southwest salads and burgers. WAY too many choices, and immediately made me wonder where they keep the food? There's just not enough room to have all of the ingredients for the sheer variety. My advice? Slim that menu down to appetizers, pasta, secondi, and maybe some pizza. Leave the Panini for lunch, and lose the burgers and salads; it doesn't go with the rest of the restaurant. The wine list was surprisingly good, and varied; I had a 5 Reds by the glass that was quite robust.Ok, food time. We started with crabcakes, which were excellent: thick, and not packed with ancillary things beyond the crab; just the right blend of crab and veggies. The bruscetta, however, was a disappointment: the bread was too hard, the tomatoes WAY too spicy and garlic laden. By the by, the Italian bread and bread dip they serve is excellent.Main courses: be prepared, they give you a LOT of food. My Fiesta Chicken Salad, though a bit bland, was enormous. No way to finish it. We also had lamb chops (superb), veal (easily the largest portion I have seen, and flavorful), and traditional spaghetti and meatballs (again, big). Lactose folks: be aware that all of their pasta dishes come laden with cheese, so make sure you specify you don't want it in advance.Dessert was a surprise: Bread pudding, with vanilla ice cream, and apple pie. The bread pudding was gigantic; easily will feed 4, if not more, and you'll definitely want it. The apple pie was dwarfed in comparison. By the time we finished, it was 9:30, and Novato looked like it had been evacuated for a bomb scare. Still, we left full, happy, with good service. The price for 4 of us was about $120, which is a little high for Novato, but we got a ton of food, and good atmosphere. Noise level is high, thanks to the crowded nature of the space, and definitely recommend reservations.In short, a good upscale place to take someone from out of town as a neighborhood find, or to pop in once a month on.
<review# 409,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2011,11/21/2011,79,356,1,3,3>Wow.  Best massage ever.I went to Al Karaama after hearing raves from a friend.  I was highly, highly skeptical.  This place is tucked away in an office complex off Hill that's seen better days and appears to be only half-occupied.  However, once I stepped inside Al Karaama, the vibe was warm and welcoming. The small lobby is serene and nicely decorated.  My masseuse was Yahia-- such a nice guy.  I explained that I'd been having some specific neck/ upper back pain, and he recommended that I do some deep tissue work to resolve the issue.  My upper back and shoulders were sore the next day, as he'd told me they would be, but then all the pain I'd been experiencing was gone.  My back hasn't felt this good in years!   Thank you, Yahia!  I will definitely be returning to Al Karaama.
<review# 410,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2010,11/20/2011,22,16,,1,1>I've been coming here for years after searching and trying so many others. This is a great shop; very friendly, nice section of town (coffee next door, lunch places, parking). And I always get a haircutI like.  My daughter comes here now too. Maureen is the only person she trusts.
<review# 411,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2014,11/17/2014,237,171,5,7,8>This is definitely a love/hate relationship for me.It's a beautiful spa like facility - LoveIt's hotter than Phoenix in the summertime - Hate. The owners and instructors are happy and accommodating - LoveSome of the participants are very friendly - LoveSometimes I can't hear over the music - HateThere's no carpeting so it smells nice and is clean - LoveIt's 2 miles from my home - LoveMy pants are looser - LoveThey have a SUPER starting deal on Yelp - Love!Ok...I LOVE IT!
<review# 412,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2014,11/16/2014,2,27,2,8,7>Popped in here for dessert on a date night with the hubs (I've been waiting patiently for it to open) and was super excited.  It was crazy warm outside so ice cream was exactly what was needed.  After sampling the peach sorbet, spicy chocolate, lemon sorbet, maple bacon and a couple of others we decided on the sorbet.  Keep in mind if I could have managed to stuff scoops of all of them in my face I would have done so.  The spicy chocolate was awesome!  I went with the lemon sorbet, the hubs got the peach.   Another poster commented that the lemon tasted like a frozen lemonade.  Yep, EXACTLY like a frozen lemonade.  So refreshing!!  The peach sorbet was creamy and not too sweet.  Perfect for a warm summer evening.The folks behind the counter (I'm assuming owners) were very engaging and funny, answering our endless questions patiently.  I'm so glad there's finally another option for ice cream that doesn't involve a chain.
<review# 413,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2014,11/15/2014,11,47,4,6,5>I've been here a handful of times for dinner, but never for the buffet or lunch.  I would absolutely recommend having the naan to start with, as it is accompanied by 3 delicious sauces that I often continue using for my meal.  Also try the lamb, the lamb meatballs, the seared lamb, the lamp kebob...whatever, just try one.  Also have an authentic beer while you're here, they have a great selection.That brings me to my wish for an expansion or change of the menu.  List wise it looks like a lot of items but most dishes are served as both entree and starter so I feel like I have already tried every dish on the dinner menu.
<review# 414,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2014,11/14/2014,94,166,6,13,6>We love this place!  We have one in Petaluma but often are in RP around lunchtime and am stoked that I have a new choice.First off, it's all-you-can-eat, which means it blows all the other places away when it comes to price.  Now, for those of you that have never heard of an all-you-can-eat sushi place here in the Bay Area that's because they are rare.  But it isn't rare in Renoux, where these guys come from.  Ya, I know...Renoux??? (Reno, NV)  Ya, they have great sushi in Renoux - some of the best I've ever had (and I come from the Bay Area and have been eating sushi all my life so I know the difference between good and bad sushi.) But unlike the normal "all you can eat" places, Paradise doesn't limit what you can order when you choose that option.  Other than one or two items, the whole sushi menu is open for you to order from.  And boy-howdy do we order a lot.  We usually end up eating about $150-$200 worth of sushi but the bill only comes to about $40.  (If you are wondering how "all you can eat" sushi places can afford it...it's because these places move a ton of volume.  Plus, a good portion of any restaurant's profits come from booze, which alas, is not part of the all-you-can-eat menu.)Because they go through so much sushi their fish is always fresh.  In fact I have seen the chef reject fish or throw fish away because it didn't meet his standards.  So don't let the "all-you-can-eat" part make you think this isn't good sushi.And to the reviewer who was disappointed to see Latinos making their sushi...deal with it.  Seriously?  Do you complain that your favorite Italian place hires Chinese or that the Thai place actually has Indians working in the kitchen??  This is America...we are a melting pot.  As long as they make good sushi, who cares where they hail from?  But, just in case you are wondering about these guys' skills, the owners of Paradise spent many, many years training under some of the best sushi chefs on the west coast.  I know for a fact (from visiting the Petaluma location so many times) that it takes years before these sushi chef will let an apprentice handle things on his own.So, go in an try it for yourself and you will see what I am talking about.  Now, I can't speak about anything other than the all-you-can-eat menu because I eat so much sushi that I would go broke if I got anything else.  Plus, it's a good way for beginners to start because you get to try all sorts of interesting things without having to order a whole meal of it.Also, what's super cool for those with very young kids is that if you order the "all you can eat" option, your little one can share with you for free.  I can't remember the age cutoff (something like 5 or 6 years old, I think) but this is particular accommodating because 1) kids don't eat much, and 2) this makes it more likely that I'll bring my family because I know they are family friendly.
<review# 415,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2014,11/13/2014,6,74,5,5,4>We had an excellent dinner here last night. The restaurant is part of a large complex including a bakery, winery etc, much of which is still under construction. The restaurant is virtually brand new and is gorgeous from the large bar area to the well spaced tables in the dining room. Add a huge patio with a fire pit and you have one of the most beautiful restaurants in the Bay area. This site housed the outlet stores for many years.The food kept pace. Everything we had was perfectly prepared with distinct flavors. I don't know much about Joseph Humphrey but I can see why Meadowood earned a Michelin star while he was there. The food was stellar. We sampled and shared from the menu.smoked duck wings, blue cheese & celery.popovers, freshly baked every half hour with homemade strawberry chutney.cured salmon, beer bread, spring onions & herbs.sweet peas with burrata & pistachios (listed as a side but could be a starter)grass fed beef burger, good cheddar, chips & a pickle. Burger cooked to a perfect medium.Wild king salmon, béarnaise sauce, rumbledethump croquettes.After this feast we could not even think about dessert, maybe next time as a couple things caught our eye. Farmer and Fox has a good, extensive wine, beer and cocktail list but they also have a NO CORKAGE FEE policy on wine brought in at all times which is quite nice for those with a nice celler.We brought a tasty Bedrock Papera Heritage wine, very nice with the food. Service is friendly, helpful and efficient. Our server Susan guided us through the varied menu and gave us some background on the property.If you are in the area The Farmer and the Fox is well worth a stop.
<review# 416,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2014,11/12/2014,32,69,8,10,9>This family owned winery is a real hidden gem in Napa! No snobs here, and complimentary tastings (must make an appointment)!? Unheard of in this region, especially for high end (but again, modestly priced) wine.The tasting often includes a short tour and some barrel tastings of futures, if you're lucky enough to stop in when it's quiet.Their reds are their pride and glory. They have excellent blends and single varietals that are good to open immediately but of course the flavor profiles mature with age. And again, the prices are SO reasonable. You can't buy these in stores either.Make an appointment the next time you're in the area, say hi to the resident pets (many wines are named after them), and you'll probably also be greeted by Vincent himself, unless he's out stomping the grapes!Did I mention the gorgeous grounds and outdoor "picnic" area with views of rolling hills and flowers? Oh just go already!!
<review# 417,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2014,11/11/2014,8,169,2,5,3>Gustavo Paez did an amazing job on our carpet and upholstered chair.  We couldn't believe the difference!  Mr. Paez was very professional, on time, and answered any questions I had.  I would definitely recommend them to others and will most definitely call Superlative Steam Cleaning again when I need my carpets cleaned!!  The best service I have ever had with carpet cleaning!!
<review# 418,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2014,11/10/2014,38,174,4,4,4>Woodlands has a great selection of natural pet food, including raw.  I was also impressed by the accessories for Fluffy, Fido and friends.  Their latest check-in offer was great - I got a nice-sized bag of cat food just for walking in.  It's much more personal than the box-sized pet stores.  It's also sweet how they put up pets for adoption.  Good staff that cares about pets, and they help you find what you need.
<review# 419,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2014,11/9/2014,30,107,3,6,3>The pizza here is excellent. The crust has very nice crunch and texture. The wings are great. Juicy chicken wrapped in lightly crisped skin and a flavorful sauce that finds the middle ground between heat and flavor very nicely. If you are looking for a starter or something on the light side, the greek salad is really good and a small can easily be split by two people. I like that they carry less known, but very good beers, such as Black Butte Porter. The owner and staff are very friendly and attentive. They make you feel at home. All of this and extremely reasonable prices add up to 5 stars and more trips across town for this guy.
<review# 420,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2014,11/8/2014,90,112,15,18,16>A cursory glance at the customers suggested their average age was over 55. The server confirmed my observation as typical for any evening. This restaurant belongs to a dying breed of traditional Japanese restaurants from yesteryear and this style of cooking is sadly not considered hip nowadays especially among the younger set. Located in a nondescript mall in Larkspur, Fukusuke wasn't easy to find. I had to call for directions and mama-san (the owner) was hilarious. She gave me directions over the phone in Japanese regardless whether I understood her! It is a small mom and son operation, with mom the perfect hostess and son the chef. Fukusuke is 100% Japanese owned and operated. The vibe was homey and family oriented while the food embodied the old school authenticity.The minute I walked in, I had a quick flash back! It was major déjà vu when memories of the early 60s flashed by me. " Otosan! Otosan! I'll be your dishwasher tonight!" I used to help out in my dad's restaurant when I needed some extra bucks. It wasn't so much the dishwashing that I was fond of but the 'teishoku 'style of Japanese food that they both offered (a main course with sides of pickles, miso and rice). Yes, no sushi bar then and neither did Fukusuke! Their menu's similarity was uncanny! They both carried a wide variety ranging from nabemono (hot pot), agemono (deep fried) and yakimono (grilled). Sushi and sushi rolls were conspicuously missing except for the basic maguro, hamachi and shake nigiris, a little sashimi and some down to earth rolls...tekka maki, kanpyo maki, natto maki and the likes. There were no outlandish Americanized rolls that I can see. The food was certainly not gourmet. It was unpretentious, no frills, old style Japanese home cooking. We started off with HIJIKI SALAD ($4.95) cooked in soy and sugar. If you never had it before, it might look unappetizing but it wasn't.  Hijiki is a black seaweed from the coastlines of Japan and China. You probably guessed correctly. It is healthy and full of dietary fiber.  AGEDASHI TOFU ($5.95) has always been a crowd pleaser. Five cubes of silken, medium firm tofu were dusted with cornstarch and fried until golden brown. The key to the taste was of course the sauce. NASU DENGAKU (Miso glazed eggplant: $6.00) is now a rare find. The presentation might be underwhelming but the taste for sure was mind blowing.  As a kid, I used to detest eggplant and its slimy texture. Now I can't get enough of it especially cooked this way with miso caramelized on top giving it a little sweetness and perfect with rice. Fukusuke's teishoku style BENTO DINNER SET ($16.95) seemed very popular with the crowd.  It was accompanied by a small bowl of pickled cabbage (tsukemono) and crab cucumber salad (kani su). Miso was a tad sweet for me, a blend of 3 different miso pastes...Hawaiian, shiromiso (white miso) and red miso (aka miso).  Two items were picked out of three.  We chose albacore sashimi and chicken teriyaki. Albacore was fresh enough while they had a good recipe for the teriyaki sauce that was not overly sweet and gooey. SABA SHIOYAKI ($16.95), grilled and lightly salted mackerel, was grilled perfectly without drying out the meat. The fish had a buttery consistency, as the mackerel is a fatty fish rich in omega 3. It was amazing that the meat wasn't fishy at all as mackerels tend to be. The flaky texture and its taste was over the top. Finally, the classical SUKIYAKI ($18.75) was a little below expectation. The sauce was just fine. The ingredients needed a little upgrade. I would have preferred enoki or shitake mushrooms to the button mushrooms. Also some chrysanthemum leaves (shingiku) would nicely add a nutty flavor to the stew. Sukiyaki is best eaten hot (but not boiling hot) and so a low flame burner is desirable. But then, I may be expecting too much for the price!Fukusuke is essentially a small neighborhood restaurant tucked in historic Larkspur. I am happy for mama-san that there are still enough shall I say "mature"  people around who appreciate this kind of cooking and is a definite welcome change from the over saturated sushi joints.Gochisosama deshita! (Thank you for the meal)
<review# 421,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2012,12/9/2012,141,27,3,13,8>If you are looking for a great looking and delicious pastry or a good lunch then Champagne is your place. I often get together with my friends at this bakery and we always have a great time. You can always count on fresh pastries and French music playing in the background which brings smile on everyone's face. There is also an outside sitting on the patio which a plus on sunny summer days. The staff are usually nice and friendly and take your orders really quick. It's great to have such a nice European-style bakery near you.
<review# 422,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/11/2012,12/8/2012,86,345,3,4,3>Cute place but very pricey. Considering it's Saint Helena, that's to be expected, but for that price I better be getting the most fabulous pedi on the planet. They do a good job, but it is sometimes painful and the massage doesn't last very long either - that's the best part!! That said, there aren't actually many option up here. So since the place is clean and my feet have been disease free before and after each visit, we will continue to come here. Also, color choices do lack here so I recommend bringing your own polish.
<review# 423,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2012,12/7/2012,259,650,14,16,12>Would it be too "only in Marin" if I revealed that this beautiful dog park has a Friday evening happy hour?  Yeah, thought so.  FOR YOUR DOG:    Big, green, grassy area with lots of friendly dogs.  Fresh water for drinking.  Richardson Bay for the swimmy dogs.  Agility course for the trick dogs.  Lots of space to run, run, run.  FOR YOU:Big, green, grassy area with lots of friendly dog owners.  Beautiful views of the bay and the City.Dewy, fresh, cool, sometimes breezy air.  Ample benches for sitty owners.  Agility course for the tricky owners.    "Fridays in the Park" for the drinky owners.
<review# 424,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2012,12/6/2012,5,8,,2,1>Angelique is such a sensitive, strong, attentive healer. I've gotten regular massages from her for months now and she has really helped me get rid of big loads of stress and tension so that I feel healthier and happier and sleep way better. She is able to work with you at whatever depth you need on whatever issues you have and really feels her way into what's right in the moment. Her studio is lovely and you feel calm and cared for from the moment you enter. Highly recommend her!
<review# 425,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2012,12/5/2012,63,158,2,2,2>This is like, 'THE' breakfast place in Santa Rosa. This is why you see 'THE' huge crowd waiting in the front parking lot of this quaint little diner every weekend. This is because Dierk's makes a great breakfast, every time. Don't be scared, the wait isn't too bad- maybe 20 minutes max, usually 10 or 15. Once you sit down, and get some of their awesome and way above diner level coffee, things will start to fall into place. Again, it is a tight squeeze there, but it's always really comfortable; and sitting at the bar will give you a front row seat to your own breakfast's creation. The country benedict is superb- different from your run-of-the-mill benedict. I only recently tried this with their signature scrambled eggs, and I must say I'm a convert! They also have a seasonal veggie, eggs, goat cheese and pesto bowl- I think it's called the Sonoma veggie hash. Another dish that tastes delicious, looks beautiful, and doesn't leave me feeling heavy and full after. I haven't had their lunch, but I'd have to bet that it's good too!
<review# 426,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2011,12/4/2012,75,52,,3,1>I effin love this place!!!!! Everyone in the Bay Area as well as out of town visitors MUST stop by during the race season to have a truly amazing time.First off what is better than watching cars hauling around smacking into each other and pushing with everything they have to finish first.....yup you guessed it add mud and dirt to the track. These guys and girls really put on a fabulous show. Now add a couple hundred fans plus some Budweiser and you are set to go.Plenty of paid parking as well as free parking in the area. The fans are some of the best people you will ever meet. I have been going to the races since I was about 13 and not once have I had a bad experience there.Once in awhile you might get hit by a little piece of mud but hey don't complain you paid to get into the dirt races!!!!!! It does get VERY cold there once the sun goes down so dress warm or at least bring warm clothing or blankets. You will really want something to sit on due to the fact the bleachers are metal.This place has real fans having real fun. Of course the sprinters are my absolute favorite and I feel like for the best experience of a first timer you need to go during a sprint car civil war match up. You can view the schedule on line. But don't get me wrong even if it is not the sprint car civil wars you will have a great time. The midget cars are fantastic and the modified cars are also awesome.Just take my advice and dress warm.
<review# 427,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2009,12/3/2012,90,9,1,8,2>Tara Firma Farms is an amazing place! First, it's fun to see the old Pacheco Ranch being put to good use again, in particular the fact that it's being used for agriculture rather than being turned into yet another housing development.    Thus far we've bought three chickens from there and every one was the best home-cooked chicken we had ever made. So moist, so tasty and large enough to feed the whole family and still have leftovers.I love the fact that Tara & Craig are so open to sharing their farm with us. I can bring my dog Ringo out there just to wander around, see the animals and let him act like a puppy again with all the exciting smells a dog can only find at a real farm!Chicken, beef, pork, turkeys, veal - all pasture raised, all organic. And then there's the plethora of organic veggies - it's awesome!It's an awesome place for parties...kids and adults alike and if you haven't seen pictures of their "Pumpkins on Pikes" event, go to their website and check it out. It was one of the most amazing things I've seen and is already on my calendar to attend next year.Yes, their meat and produce is more expensive, but definitely worth it. You know what you get from Tara Firma Farms is natural, organic, and in the case of animals...humanely treated. In a world where so much is mass-produced, nutrients lost...flavor lost, and where everyone says "Buy Local"...well people...put your money where your mouth is. By supporting businesses like this we can turn things around so all food can be more affordable and still go back to the roots of how food should be grown and shared.Can't wait to get our turkey that we've reserved for tomorrow - if it's anything like the chickens...it'll be a delectable meal!
<review# 428,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2008,12/2/2012,1,6,,1,1>I am always satified everytime I go there! I think there are so many mexican restaurants out there and this one is on the top of my list. It doesnt really catch your eye if you just drive past but it is definatley worth stopping in and having a quick bite to eat!
<review# 429,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2012,12/1/2012,16,12,,6,2>Once again, a spectaculor meal! This time my sis and I went in for dinner. Greeted immediately with smiles and ushered to a fantastic table. We of course started with the bruschetta (TO DIE FOR) and two glasses of very generous pours of wine. It was a very hot day and the small intimate restaurant was very nicely air conditioned. For the entree, I ordered the Gnocchi with gorgonzola sauce and my sis ordered the Salmon Picatta. Both were cooked perfectly and tasted amazing! The portions were perfect as well. Once the staff noticed our wine glasses getting low, they didnt say a word and refilled them complimentary! Wow! For dessert we shared the bread pudding which was hot and topped with ice cream and what tasted like a homemade caramel sauce. So good! Included with our dessert, the owner? brought us each a glass of port which complimented our dessert perfectly. It truly was a delicious meal and the service was incredible.I was confused about some previous reviews I had read about the service being so horrible and the staff being rude. Also, one review stated that the owner sat on her behind on a stool drunk.... I cased the place and there arent even stools in the restaurant!! Just goes to show that you can't always trust what you read on yelp, you need to go and experience it yourself! I will DEFINATELY be returning to this restaurant many more times in the future!
<review# 430,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2010,11/30/2012,152,59,3,5,3>I recently got into scrap booking and after spends 10's of dollars on letter stickers at other stores, I decided I should run by Mrs Grossman's to see what they have to offer.Of course they had all sorts of letter stickers for like 50 cents a pack on the clearance kiosk.  Figures! Mrs Grossman's has always been my favorite place for stickers.  I like to take the kids I babysit for over there for their awesome little tour led by Angie, an amazing Mrs. Grossman's employee who recognizes me every time I come and is always so incredibly friendly and helpful.Plus, just hanging out in the store is cool too.  You can pick your stickers off their rolls or just get the packs like you see in the stores.I even got an old envelope filled with my Grandmother's old scrapbooking stuff from Tennessee and you know what kind of stickers were in it?  Mrs. Grossman's!  Stickers that were like 15 years old and still were sticky enough to use!  Pretty cool how their stickers are all around the country!Be sure to get reservations for the tour if you're going when school is out, it gets crazy busy!!!Also pick up one of their $2 grab bag boxes, you end up getting a big variety of stickers for a very low cost.
<review# 431,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2009,1/24/2009,21,1516,7,7,7>Food = great.  Not greasy, delicious flavors, and nice portions.  I had their waffle combo (one perfectly crispy waffle, two chicken sausage links and one fried over-easy egg).  Their raspberry scones are good but a bit too sweet for me.   Next time, I'm trying the eggs benedict.  Their coffee drinks hit the spot, and their OJ (currently) is blood-oranges that are quite sweet and tangy.  Service = friendly.  The guy was just very nice and attentive.  Prices = good.  Quality is great.This place is not that big, and they do have outdoor seating too. What a great way to spend a morning of the brand-new year.  :)
<review# 432,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2009,1/23/2009,260,414,7,13,9>At Lens Crafters my glasses would cost over $300 for prescription lenses and frames.At Zenni -- my glasses cost me $8.Yes... $8.After shipping it was like $10-ish.That is completely ridiculously cheap and anyone who has eye ailments should 100% and totally check this place out.ARE YOU KIDDING ME... $8 versus over $300??? Come on now!I've had the same pair of glasses for almost 2 years now... and they have held up better than the name brand glasses i bought from a major eye-wear retailer... those glasses lasted about 6 months.I'm telling you... save some serious money and go to ZenniOptical.com.
<review# 433,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2009,1/22/2009,174,143,7,6,8>On the first sunny day in what seemed like weeks me and the guy rode our bikes downtown for a little afternoon noshing session. We were both craving hamburgers and chose Barney's as our destination. I hadn't eaten at Barney's before, nor had the boy, so we weren't sure what to expect. OMG those hamburgers are so freakin' amazing. The Western Bacon Burger was so good, I almost cried in my super hot curly fries. Washed down with generous refills of soda, this burger was one of the best I've ever had.The menu is so big, with maybe 12 types of turkey burgers AND veggie burgers, so everyone can enjoy some buns!!  I highly recommend Barney's burgers. The outside patio is very nice, as is the inside.
<review# 434,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2008,1/21/2009,399,1188,9,10,11>Organo-eclectic Marin food at its finest, with prices low enough that you feel you're paying for the quality ingredients and not the privilege of reveling in Mill Valley quaintness (indeed, they keep the decor pretty minimal), and all served in pizza format (truly the PDF of food content delivery).A sampling of the classic NorCal innovations you can expect:Salads with two kinds of fire-roasted beetsHumboldt Fog Cheese (score!)Fennel SausageClever use of pistachiosSpelt-Cornmeal crust options for the gluten-intolerant, natchThe only problem is making it past the siren-smells of punjabi burritos next door without being lured off course.
<review# 435,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2008,1/20/2009,3618,1853,14,19,14>Piazza D"Angelo has been a community favorite for locals and tourists alike for a long time here in downtown Mill Valley. It is very large for little Mill Valley, with a front room and bar, a large back step-up dining room, and two good sized patio areas, plus three sidewalk tables. It  is a great place to come on a weekend or evening in the summer and enjoy the weather while having some decent Italian food, almost like being in Italia except for the German luxury cars of the Marin upwardly mobile and the odd ball down to earth hippy type locals walking the square in their Berkinstocks. Only the brightly suited cyclists are similar, and some of the food here, to Italy.We had  an early lunch outside on the sidewalk one weekend. Carpaccio Veneto $10.50 - i hadn't had good Carpaccio, one of my most favorite dishes, in a long time. (I used to love the one at the old Prego's on Union street in SF long time ago). This version had a nice mixture of the raw beef,  dry parmesan, olive oil, capers, fresh squeezed lemon, and fresh grounded pepper. They added Arugula, which in my opinion is nice, but not necessary. So this was decent.The Gamberi Carciofi ($11.50) had large shrimp in a nice sauce, and was ok, but nothing special. The Insalata Spinacci, (spinach salad $9.50) was simple but a nice compliment to the richer Carciofi. The Capellini Pomodoro ($12.50) was purposefully simple, the way I like it, and had a nice flavor and al dente texture. A Sangiovese red wine helped balance out the meals ($9.25/glass)Piazza D'Angelo is a nice venue with decent food in a great downtown location, but somewhat overpriced for what you get. They have a wood fired brick oven for pizzas, which are pretty decent. Service was good. On weekends or after the soccer Moms get a little too much wine in them on a busy night, it can get pretty loud in here.
<review# 436,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2008,1/19/2009,146,319,12,11,11>Ah, you're in Marin on a glorious Sunday morning in late summer. You've been hiking, you've checked out a few beautiful yachts you can't possibly afford in three lifetimes, and you've nerded out at the Bay Model.Now you need truffle butter.Soft-boiled eggs, toast points, truffle butter. Oui. Have a Kobe beef burger for dessert. Even better, do it inside a converted garage that opens up onto Richardson Bay. Dream about sailing over from Oakland early one morning to enjoy a nice brunch.Next summer, definitely.
<review# 437,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2008,1/18/2009,433,446,8,11,10>Updating to 5 stars.Been back 3 times.  - always crowded- always good- wait in bar at the Picco restaurant next door, they come and get you- didn't recognize any rock stars on the last two visits, but met some cool people at the next tables (sat outside)There are a couple of other pizza places in the Bay Area that I rate right up there with Picco, but this is still my favorite.  To bad I live so far away.  Or maybe that is a good thing because I would eat there every week if I was closer.
<review# 438,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2009,1/17/2009,90,172,9,13,11>This has to be the best place for diner-style, homecooking breakfast and lunch in all of Marin... I dare someone to show me something better.The waitstaff is cool, attentive and quick.  The menu is expansive for breakfast and lunch items and the specials are always a little inventive and a whole lot of deliciousness. (cornmeal sweet basil scramble was a gamble on my part, but I haven't had eggs taste that good ever!)The fries are also some of the best diner style (crispy, never soggy) in the county and maybe even within a 50 mile radius (again I dare you to prove me  wrong).  The Monte Cristo will feed you for a week (my friend got it and it took him a week to recover!).  The pesto chicken grilled sandwich (special) beats only the Ray-Ray.  The shakes are mean and delicious (mmmm chocolate malt).You just can't go wrong at T&Js....
<review# 439,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2009,1/16/2009,234,189,5,6,5>I went to Easy Street Cafe on New Years Day after a hike in Roys Redwoods...( I am trying to start the New Year on a good note!)...We arrived around 11am and we were seated promptly.  J and I both ordered Latte's...now, I am not a latte person BUT I always order one when I am at Easy Street cafe...they are the best!...For Brunch I ordered an omelet with cheese, chilis, mushroom & avocado...for sides I opted for the potatoes...YOU MUST GET THE POTATOES....they are the best and come topped with sourcream and chives!......  J had a Eggs benedict that I drooled at from acrossed the table and together for dessert we shared a cheese blintz with blackberries, bananas & stawberries...the bill came to 40 bucks, the service was great and the food came lickity split fast...Easy Street cafe Rocks!~  When I'm across the bridge and in need of a good breakfast this is the ticket! ;-)
<review# 440,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/9/2008,1/15/2009,302,835,7,14,6>Very impressed by the response rate and detailed explanations. After all of my tests with specialists and the bills to go with, everything was A-OK.  Luckily, my mother happens to be a senior person at a sister hospital. Interesting to see about the hospital cost complaints from another Yelper. I was thinking the exact opposite...Do not let costs concerns worry you when visiting. They have many payment and sliding scale options for the insurance and / or financially challenged. Every hospital is supposed to have it and offer it up.A late spring early morning visit to ER rendered me banned from driving for 3 months. A mixed blessing considering I was trying to juggle finishing up deadlines while planning my wedding. Very efficient staff with very detailed check in.Neg one star for placing me next to a gentleman sporting an orange jumpsuit escorted by a guard. He kept yanking on the curtains, pulling at the machines and yelling -- and to think I was ordered to bed rest while waiting for important tests! Also, certain tests wheel you outside due to lack of interior space! So make sure loved ones get you dressed!
<review# 441,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2010,6/7/2011,700,420,9,16,13>BF and I stumbled upon this place on 4th of July since everything was closed. We were supposed to go to a different restaurant, but we found this place open! I'm pretty glad we chose this. We were both starvin' marvins and got a bunch of crap... First we started off and shared a big portion of the mango salad, then as our appetizer we got the chicken satay with their BOMB ass peanut sauce- By far the best peanut sauce my tongue ever met. For my entree, I usually get a Pad Thai or Pad See Ew, but I chose the Yellow Curry Chicken dish also known as the Kang Karee with potatoes and carrots and the BF got the Honey Roast Duck that's marinated in honey sauce, BBQ'ed and served on spinach with soy sauce.. Mmmm, it was very delicious and I don't even like ducks! And I can't leave a Thai restaurant without ordering Fried bananas with ice cream! That definitely hit the spot... The service was pretty decent here, the ambiance and decor was lovely and my BF and I decided this would be one of our favorite places to eat! Thank you Lanna Thai for an awesome experience!
<review# 442,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2010,6/6/2011,170,264,4,6,5>I can't speak for dinner, but lunch here is really tasty & the ambiance doesn't get better. I watched the renovation of the old Fort buildings & have been curious for months.A special birthday lunch seemed like the perfect occasion to try this place & I'm so glad I did. The Drake's oysters with jalapeno mignonette are the stuff dreams are made of. The nonalcoholic cocktails were unusual, yet wonderful. I want to try them all. Who doesn't love a crab BLT? The white corn vichyssoise was a perfect summer starter. The bread kept coming every time it was down to a last bite. The food was just as memorable as the view. Also, the server, Kyle, was a cutie pie. There are no reasons not to return. Opentable here I come!
<review# 443,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2011,6/5/2011,79,356,4,9,7>At long last, the much-anticipated opening of Novato's Rustic Bakery has arrived.  After teasing local residents with a sign reading "Soon.  Very Soon." for months, the bakery finally opened its doors on Valentine's Day weekend.  I paid a visit on Saturday morning, and was pleased to see the bakery was packed, with a steady stream of people coming in and out, eager to sample the coffee and baked goods.There are a handful of tables inside the bakery, and several outside (which will be more appealing in the summer months, no doubt).  The bakery case and counter take up most of the narrow space, and at the far end of the bakery is a large window looking over a kitchen.  Watching employees cut out heart cookies and melt chocolate over gigantic chocolate chunk cookies while I waited for my coffee was entertaining.  There is also a large display rack nearby where you can find granola, caramels, freshly-made cookies and bars, and all manner of lovely little bakery goods.  The granola seemed to be flying off the shelf when I was there, so apparently this is a hot item.This place is brand new, so the staff is still being trained.  They were also mobbed with customers on opening weekend, so there are still a few kinks to be worked out in terms of service.  That said, everyone in the store was very, very nice and welcoming to everyone who came through the door.We took coffee and pastries to go.  Rustic Bakery is serving Ritual Coffee, which is supposedly one of the very best Bay Area coffees.  I quite liked mine.  My low-fat banana muffin was moist, yummy and not too sweet.  My husband really enjoyed his chocolate croissant.  Both of our lattes were great.  We ogled the menu and decided there are plenty of dishes we'd like to come back and order.  Everything sounded good.  I predict that Rustic Bakery will quickly become a local favorite.
<review# 444,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2011,6/4/2011,32,117,,3,>Our party of 6 had the most amazing dinner here. I'm not a huge steak fan, but I'd come back in a heartbeat. Our friends were just sitting down when we arrived, so we just went to the table & took our seats. Our server came immediately to open our first bottle of wine ($20 corkage), and give us drinks menus. I wasn't drinking alcohol due to some meds, and she said the bartender would make me any nonalcoholic drink I wanted. I chose a ginger beer & lemonade combo & it was so good I didn't miss the booze at all. Soon a cute little amuse bouche of egg custard topped w/pickled mushrooms appeared - yum. Bring on the food. Though there were 6 of us, we decided to order enough steak to feed 5 (per the menu serving suggestions) plus lots of sides. We decided we could always order more if we needed... we didn't. Decided on the bone-in filet and the tomahawk rib eye cooked to chefs choice, which was med-rare. Both were really good - the filet being more tender, but the flavor of the rib eye was so good I'd have to say that was my fav. Sides are listed in the order of my preference: The okonomiyaki-japanese mountain yam pancake was amazing - I so wanted more. Then the "double baked and stuffed potato" which is actually potato gnocchi - creamy goodness. Next was the wild mushrooms mix-maitake, shitake, crimini - who doesn't love hearty sauteed mushrooms. The broccoli rabe & sauteed bok choy gomae were fine, but paled next to that yam pancake. We also had the brussels sprouts, but I didn't try them. Dessert, which is included with all dinners was the perfect topper to a great evening. It was a coconut custard with a passion fruit layer on top, all topped by lime granite'. It was rich but light, flavorful but refreshing. Just a delight. I thought the service was excellent. Very attentive without hovering & just the right tone of friendly & professional. Oh, and they even wrapped up the huge tomahawk steak bone (it really does look like a tomahawk) for us to take home. Our dogs are gonna think they died & went to heaven.
<review# 445,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2010,6/3/2011,341,280,1,5,5>I feel like Crepevine has started a breakfast revolution in Santa Rosa. If you read my reviews you know that I dont believe in breakfast because no one does it right. I dont want eggs and hash browns and bacon. I can make those better at home. I want real food, so I end up waiting until 11:30 for restaurants to start serving lunch and then I eat... and that sucks. I had been to Crepevine in Sf and always wondered WHY we didnt have anything like that in Santa Rosa. Well now we do ;) I love the Tuscany crepe... it has pesto and chicken and cheese and mushrooms.... omg its sooooo good. The salad that comes with it is light and perfect and goes great with a mimosa ;) Or bloody mary... depending on how hungover you are...
<review# 446,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2010,6/2/2011,141,176,2,4,3>OMG!!I can't believe I lagged on writing a review for this and someone beat me to it!I am almost more in love with spices and cooking than anything else (minus languages, es. Gaeilge; and my boyfriend, friends and family .... but that's obvious!) What other way is there to everyone's heart, than good food?And yes, true, just like Alex, I have yet to make it over to the new store opened here in town. I will  update when I visit.Basically, even if you aren't into the huge spice scene ... fresh spices at the cheapest prices can't be missed. This place may put our chain grocery stores out of spice shelf business! And this is a good thing, if they can't up their fresh spice bottled inventory.Let's put it this way. Once my boyfriend and I let our let our cilantro go to seed and we got fresh flowers which we ate, once. Yeah I know not a normal thing, but they smelled so good and edible! Then we let them go to seed on accident because we got busy. Those little green seeds we pulled off the plant and put in salads, etc. OMG! Such good fresh coriander. But we've had no patience to grow more. It takes either a lot of plants or a long time!Then I ordered a huge shipment of Penzey's Spices. OMG! The coriander tasted like it was dried fresh off our own plants. I've been a committed believer and purchaser ever since. We do a rib cookoff every year and get rave reviews about them. I really do attribute half of that to the spices from Penzeys. Ha ha, yeah we'll take half the credit for our cooking technique and spice mixing.You can get high quality spices for ultra cheap.Need I say more????
<review# 447,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2011,6/1/2011,12,28,1,4,2>My wife and I went to L'Appart Resto on Friday night and had a great meal. The service was excellent, even when I requested to substitute my "Freedom Fries" with a veg. The three gentlemen working that night worked well together and recommended a great wine with our dinner.My wife started with the crab croquetes and I the potato and leak soup. They were excellent, although If I were reordering I would have gone with the croquetes.My wife had the black cod and I had the ribeye steak. The steak I had was good, but I was kicking myself after for ordering it rather than one of their specialties. My wife's fish was perfectly cooked and disappeared in your mouth with great flavor.We will be back and try some of their more French fare and rerate accordingly, but right now they are a 4.5 in my book.
<review# 448,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2010,5/31/2011,1,28,,2,2>Excellent!!!  The burger was great, the meat tasty and perfectly cooked, the fun toasted just right and the fixings very fresh.   I ordered the Giant size and foolishly thought I could eat it in the traditional hand-held way.  No way in hell.  I resorted to knife and fork and things were just fine then.  In the end it was just too much food and I am not a small guy either. The curly fries were fantastic.  I'll order the junior next time and just suffer feeling like a wimp.  The ambiance was perfect burger joint style.  Very clean too.
<review# 449,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2010,5/30/2011,2,31,,5,3>I went in yesterday to get a necklace fixed. I said I could come back and pick it up but Heather said it would only take a few minutes if I wanted to wait. It was incredible to watch her work so fast and efficiently. My necklace is like new and I love being able to wear it without worrying if the clasp will break again. Heather put extra measures in place so this wouldn't happen. I highly recommend this place and won't be going anywhere else. Bring change because there is only metered street parking.
<review# 450,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2011,5/29/2011,29,30,,2,1>We went there last Saturday to get dinner with my hubby. Food is great with affordable price. I love there tapioca, I wish that they have thai tea tapioca coz that's my favorite. We started with Seaweed and tofu soup, oh gosh! so yummy and we put some chili to add some spiciness. Then my main course is served first. We waited for my hubby's food to get started but we realized that the server served his food to another customer and he started eating it without noticing that it is not his food. So I start sharing my food to him while he's waiting for his food, I ordered chicken teriyaki which is really delicious. Soon his food is served, I tried my hubby's food, lemongrass chicken which is great taste and smelled the aroma of lemongrass. The people are nice there, I like watching there big fish in there aquarium. We both had a nice night :)
<review# 451,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2010,9/23/2010,273,551,3,3,3>I have heard so many good things about Hopmonk! I was very excited when a friend suggested it to watch the Battle of the Bay game. (sidenote: giants won!) There is only one small TV in the tavern, you have to sit at the bar to really see it. Luckily, there were four empty bar stools. The place really fills up on the weekends. I was very excited to see how many beers they had on tap as well as bottled. I wanted to try their own beers though. I ask the bartender for the one with the most hops and then had the Tavern Ale, which was medium body, but slightly hoppy. It really did grow on me. The bartenders were more than happy to give you samples and answer questions.I didn't plan on food, but the entire restaurant smelled so good. I seriously looked over the menu for about 10 minutes. Being a veggie, there usually isn't that many options. I love Sebastopol though, always a few. I settled for the Grilled Cheese  with Cheddar and Gruyere on Parmesan sourdough with their tomato soup. It was so yummy! I never think to much of brewery food, but I was impressed. Hopmonk is a place you have to go to multiple times because they have so many beers to try and unique dishes. Will be back!
<review# 452,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2010,9/22/2010,86,345,3,4,4>Dear Vella Cheese Factory, Thank you for being consistent. Thank you for being delicious. Thank you for hiring, friendly knowledgeable people. Thank you for being awesome.Love, Laila
<review# 453,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2010,9/21/2010,52,62,18,14,7>Marin sooo needed a place like this!  Here's my take:Pluses:*  An 800 degree wood oven blisters up thin crust pizza in 90 seconds.  I think I hoovered my duck confit pizza with caramelized onions in about 93 seconds.*  Libations for every mood - a generous and creative assortment of cocktails, invented by a master mixologist.  They will also have both beer AND wine ON TAP.  This means they'll be able to sell great wine at a lower price (and help the environment by sparing all those glass bottles).  The taps aren't all in yet, but it's coming.*  Fashionistas meets Families - can you please both?  Yes!  Lovely ladies in sky high heels paraded past, along with families with young kids in tow (kids will soon get to "build their own pizza" in a special section near the kitchen).  A buzzy bar scene kept the crowd happy well into the night while diners leisurely savored their meals. (Note:  I posted a photo of the menu if you want to check out descriptions and prices).*  Linger in leather - Chef Scott Howard tells me the new leather library seating is on it's way so soon you'll be able to settle your full belly and bootie in plush comfy chairs (I think my bootie and belly got extra padding from my meal last night...anyway).*  Chef Scott is very hands-on.  He was managing the open kitchen and also greeting practically every customer.  I saw him going through the restaurant to check the lighting, make sure diners had their orders on time and to specification, and even came by my table to offer us a sample of his buttermilk and chive biscuits with a pot of aged Sonoma white cheddar and pimento cheese.  He even let us try the rum cake with rum-soaked raisins which he said was in honor of his mom's recipe (OMG, I ate the whole thing... hence the former comment about more cush on my tush).*  Private parking lot with plenty of easy parking (I hate parallel parking).*  Book Passage is right next door so you can saunter over after your meal and pretend you're burning off calories by strolling through the store (hey, after the 10 million calories I ate last night, I needed to convince myself I was already working it off).Minuses:*  Reservations only for parties of 6 or more (I like the convenience of OpenTable, but that being said, I was able to get a table for 2 at 7pm without waiting long).*  I ate too much.
<review# 454,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2010,9/20/2010,25,112,,15,9>This one is great right out of the gate.  Peaceful atmosphere, great mood music, and friendly service. Food range is Nepali, Tibetan, Indian and fusion. Pretty plating. I've been twice in its first week of opening. and loved everything I ate.  It's very veggie friendly and carnivores will be happy too.The Pani Puri appetizer is the most unusual and enjoyable appetizer I've had in some time.  I would call it light bites of Nepali street food.The rice salad is substantial enough to be a light meal, and is wonderfully composed of rice, wild rice, chick peas, tomatoes, bell peppers, bay arugula, and chat vinaigrette.The Alu Bhanta (eggplant and potato curry) has a sauce so delicious I found myself scraping the bowl.The veggie momos (special) could also be an entree and were melt-in-your-mouth delicious.The garlic-basil-cilantro naan was a tasty accompaniment to the meal, hot, puffy and tasty.On the dessert side the Ju ju Dabi was amazing in its raw clay bowl and sweet tart yogurty goodness.  The Kheer is a mildly spiced rice pudding that makes a nice light finish.Taste of the Himalayas is highly recommendable, and a great addition to the Sausalito dining scene.
<review# 455,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2010,9/19/2010,307,201,5,4,4>We ate so many oysters, I though we might die.Between 7 people, with bottles of Cava and whites, deli salads, cocktail sauce, lemon, lime, shallots, cilantro, etc to make the oysters yummier... we ate 200 oysters.  Yes.  200.  That's a pretty wtf number if you ask me.I have never been a huge fan of oysters, but since I came to the Bay Area it has been growing on me... at the very least I am more curious about it : )  And after Mike Wong yelp.com/user_details?us urged me to try bbq oysters at Fish in Sausalito one day, I decided that I can definitely do oysters and prefer bbq ones over raw.Well, Mike is huge on oysters and he had all these rules about which kind of oysters are good raw and which ones are good bbqed.  He insisted that the little kumamotos are best raw and we should get the medium sweetwaters for the bbq.We started off with kumamotos raw... I was a little skeptical of the raw ones, because I don't like how they become body temperature inside your mouth if you don't swallow quickly lol. But these little guys were perfect size and I did not have to worry too much about it : )Then, we were excited to move on to bbqed medium sweetwaters.  From my experience, I should have liked this even better... however there was one problem.  We were all quite drunk after the kumamotos and a few glasses of Cava and whites (and beer for the dudes) that by the time we started the fire, I don't think any of us really knew what we were doing.  It was also getting late, and windy and chilly, and they were going to close for the evening real soon.  So we rushed through the bbqing and I noticed that, with medium sweetwaters, perhaps they required a tad more time on the fire to actually cook.  They were still great, but it was more like, warm (not necessarily cooked) oysters. LOL.  Perhaps next time it would be wise to start up the fire and get on with the bbqed ones first....I also feel that (sorry to disagree, Mike!) perhaps I actually might like Kumamotos on BBQ better because it would take less time to cook and also I still prefer smaller oysters after all : )Now, on the after note... My mom LOVES oysters but she's always been quite sensitive to them and I've seen her get sick and be bedridden for 3days afterward (especially on raw or not well cooked ones) on MANY occasions. So I've always had the phobia that I might be somewhat sensitive or allergic to oysters too.  I have survived eating a few in the past but never in my life have I eaten so many at once.  So, on the way back home, I was drunk... AND scared.  So I popped a benadryl just in case.  BAAAD BAAAD idea.  I passed out back home for a couple of hours and was forced to wake up to walk our dog, but I wasn't walking him with my husband... my husband was walking the dog, and was dragging me, while I was muttering incomprehensible moans and groans like "mrrrrrrrr! hrrrrrrrrggggghhh! piiiiiiiiii!" with eyes half closed because the sunset was too bright for my drugged out eyeballs.  I think I have proven to myself with this trip that my body is OK with fresh, good quality oysters.  I am still slightly worried, but maybe next time I will simply have less oysters, less alcohol and skip the allergy meds.
<review# 456,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2009,9/18/2010,90,172,4,7,7>So when a store brags about having the best burrito in town, I take it as a challenge that I'm up for judging...Sadly, I have to disagree with the absoluteness of their huge banner, but there are some great reasons to visit: -Food: 3 stars, good- perhaps not the best if you are a fan of taqueria food-Value: 5 stars (Grilled chicken regular burrito w/ cheese, blackbeans, salsa, hot sauce and a side of chips and salsa was only $5.61- thats something I can appreciate in these hard times)-Ambiance: Initial impression 2 stars (small, generic tables/ chairs), after checking out the details on the wall, you'll see that the customer love and photographs deserves 4 stars.-Owners: 5 stars for the family vibe.  Don't know them, but the place definitely has a family vibe- complete with junior high photos of two boys, next to prom photos which are right in front of the grown up, real-life version who happens to be serving you. Longevity: 5 stars- its clear when you walk in and hear the regulars order that this place has been a main stop for the community for a long while...and hopefully will be for a long while more.
<review# 457,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2010,9/17/2010,77,464,2,4,3>Since I've kayaked a total of 2 times in my life, I cannot speak to the quality of the gear, but I do appreciate that they attempt to keep things clean and not too gnarly. our guide was a sweetheart, and super chill, letting us wander around the bay and explore while keeping close watch that we didn't kill ourselves. her prelim instructions were actually really good, and we managed to avoid paddling around in circles for the morning.keep in mind that they only have enough 'secure' space behind the counter for your car keys. the rest of your gear -- clothes, shoes, what have you -- will essentially be left out while you're out paddling.also, you have to get past the weird-ass treasure-hunt-like parking situation -- they give you very precise, explicit directions on their website, not to get to their place, but to get to some remote corner of some random parking lot where you are to hopefully encounter a woman, whose job capacity is quite unclear, from whom you are to piece together the real directions to the center.
<review# 458,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2010,9/16/2010,265,769,3,1,3>I come here frequently, but never think to update until today.place is still outstanding for service / quality - yada yada.. today I had the peppermint patty with almonds, and also the vanilla with gummi bears (yes. I ate two.  don't hate) peppermint and fro yo is an odd combo - the tart and the mint, i'm not sure is my fav.  The vanilla with gummi bear is a staple of mine and as per usual rocked.
<review# 459,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2010,9/13/2010,362,1009,2,3,5>Oliver's Market - and this Oliver's in particular - has a very special not-so-secret place in my heart. Namely, this is because it's located down the street from my old high school, and naturally, was one of the standard destinations either when I was ditching school during lunch time or in need of a bite to eat between the end of the normal school day and the beginning of after school activities. It has always had a relatively good albeit slightly pricey selection of things, but has only improved over the years. The sandwiches are always good and the salad bar is one of the best I've encountered. Service can be hit-and-miss. I typically get fantastic service and friendly smiles from the people who work there (or have worked there in the past) who I know (I'm looking at you, KyBen and Sam and nearly everyone else I went to high school with). However sometimes it can be kind of lame, like when I went in last week looking for Alkemie Ice Cream (a brand newish raw vegan ice cream which I knew was there because the CEO of the company is a friend who notified me that Oliver's had begun carrying it). Well, it wasn't in the ice cream case, so after looking through it twice, I asked the young high school-aged fellow stocking ice cream for help, suggesting that perhaps it was in back but hadn't been put out yet. He scoped out the selection and said "looks like it's not here" and that was about it. I wanted to ask him to please look in back, but I guess we all need to pick our battles. Plus, I really shouldn't expect five-star customer service from sixteen-year-old kids. Hell, I remember the teen years...Anyway, certain things have made up for this lack of consistently awesome customer service, most notably the fact that they're now carrying Daiya cheese. UMMM YES PLZ. Now, not only do I not have to drive across town to Community Market to get my fix, but it's not insanely marked up like at most health food stores, AND they carry it when even my local Whole Foods doesn't (for shame). Other great products include the various other vegan cheeses (again, Whole Foods carries a ton of "dairy-free" cheese that unfortunately contain casein, but that is not a problem with this place), tons of soy-based products, and ultra yummy vegan chocolate-covered pretzels. I'm a fan. It's also worth noting that Oliver's is pretty much one of the only places - if not THE only - in town that still carries Kombucha, the awesomeness of which offsets the oddness that I was carded today for purchasing said product...Anyway, definitely tops in my book for so many reasons. And while there's always room for improvement, this place has a ton going for it. Oliver's, I love you.
<review# 460,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2009,9/11/2010,103,359,3,8,3>This is a very friendly church!  The mid-morning Sunday Mass offers donuts afterwards to locals who gather and passers-by.  The interior of the church is a traditional mission style.  The church hosts a hospital in Guatamala and signs of Guatamala are in several location such as cloths on the alter walls and offer organic coffee for sale at entrance.  The professional singers and musicians are really great.The Priest and office staff are friendly and welcoming to newcomers.  The church hosts a grade and pre-school just next door where children gather outside for a morning pep rally type meeting.
<review# 461,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2010,4/14/2011,1,6,4,11,5>Sarah takes care of my entire family.  I teach Pilates, my husband rides several hundred miles a week and runs ultra marathons.  We have two kids ages 5 and 9.   Sarah keeps us tuned up an also helps us with  a specific injury or illness when we need that. Sarah has managed to accommodate us all wonderfully.  She is super gentle with the kids - really respectful of their individual needs.   The whole family loves a trip to Flourish.
<review# 462,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2011,4/13/2011,3,40,,2,2>We go to Hilda's every weekend for breakfast--sometimes on both Saturday AND Sunday, it's that good.  The staff is friendly, the food is delicious, and the atmosphere is appropriately homey.The bacon is perfect, the sausage patties are GREAT,  and the German pancakes are terrific.  Don't get me started on the crispy, shredded hashbrowns!   It's a great place to meet friends and bring family, too.  Hilda's is also very kid-friendly, if that's what you are looking for.I can't say enough good things about the Hilda's experience!
<review# 463,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2010,4/12/2011,20,34,,1,1>This is my, hands down, favorite place to buy clothes and jewelry. I have been shopping here for over 8 years and have to say that Joy (the owner) is a delight and her taste is fantastic. I will get my clothes here for as long as Gioia is around!
<review# 464,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2010,4/11/2011,43,34,3,4,6>I have been at something of a loss for words to review the place, as I really feel like a flat description doesn't do it justice. The taproom and brewery are collocated in a really unremarkable section of North McDowell Blvd, near nothing interesting and not well signed, and yet people show up like Mecca. Behind a fence, amongst the concrete tilt-up warehouses is a little slice of heaven. The industrial look of the surroundings is embraced in the design of the appropriately titled beer sanctuary.It is very clear that the beer is the centerpiece, and that the rest of the menu, and frankly the facility, is there to support it. They have their standards available, like IPA and Pils, but why would you order something that you can get at the supermarket when they have so many awesome choices you can only find here? They offer many limited release and specialty creations, including oak aged and cask conditioned ales, and some one-off mistakes from making their other brews which are a delicious serendipity.They have some salads and panini style sandwiches, which taste good but really don't knock me over. The staff is mostly on top of things, but it can be somewhat hit-and-miss, ranging from awesome (gotta give a nod to Stacy) to completely scatterbrained. They have live music which helps makes the place a great venue to have a relaxing afternoon.In the spring, they have their Beer Circus, which an open-house, a circus, a brewfest and a big drunken party all in one, and is not to be missed. It's kind of crazy to think that this went from a hobby homebrewer in a West Marin garage less than 20 years ago to brewing thousands of barrels a week. Nice work guys.
<review# 465,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2010,4/10/2011,115,76,,4,2>There are a few good breakfast spots in San Rafael depending on what you're in the mood for.  Sometimes you want eggs, other times french toast, pho, or tamales, and sometimes you just want a plate of anything so you can enjoy a bloody mary to quiet the voices.Depot Garden restaurant is an unassuming, hidden patio that feels more like a friend's backyard than a restaurant.  Furniture is cheap and casual, but the food and the service is exactly what you want, with plenty of options, generous portions, and consistent quality.There are a lot of options, so no matter what you like for breakfast, they are likely to have it.  And if you don't see something you want, they strike me as the type of place that wouldn't mind improvising for you.  The eggs are cooked well, and they have some interesting sausages including linguica which was really good and spicy.  Most importantly to me, they have probably the best hash browns in San Rafael.  A very generous serving as well.  I cannot stand breakfast potatoes, which are almost always flabby and gummy, or have too many random flavors going on to mix well with my eggs.Service is great, and the coffee is better than average.  I just wish they had a full bar as I am a degenerate who loves a good bloody mary, you know, the voices and all.  But it makes up for this by having beer and wine at least and a quaint and casual outdoor patio that is dog friendly.  I will definitely be going back.
<review# 466,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2007,4/9/2011,44,303,,2,3>I was skeptical. (SUPER obnoxious statement coming....you've been warned...) I have only ever had Indian food in India. I wasn't sure what to expect. I was expecting a LOT of lentils and over spiced foods. Needless to say I was very happy with my Lotus buffet lunch. The quality of food was excellent (again, not something you expect from a buffet). Leaving off just one little star because I wish it was spicier.
<review# 467,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2009,4/8/2011,121,139,1,2,3>I've had them a couple of times at work, and they are delicious.  The frosting is tasty, and the decor is not overdone.  The teeny tiny ones are perfect for a small child's birthday party (we certainly don't want them climbing the walls high on sugar!!).But I just found out they are now w/in walking distance at the San Rafael farmers market on Thursday, and that cannot be good for my waistline!
<review# 468,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/22/2010,4/7/2011,147,287,6,17,5>After an absolute failure in trying to get the stereo my wife bought me installed at Worst Buy, I hopped on to trusty ol' Yelp to see other options in San Rafael. Marin Auto Stereo and Alarm seemed like the spot, so I called them up.....only to discover that MASA was no more! Oh noes! They were now Cartronics, but told me that they could install my stereo while I waited. The work was a little pricey - $180 - but the unit needed bluetooth setup, as well as an ipod interface, so I headed over and handed them the keys.Car rolled back out about an hour later, with the work all done, and the tech spent a few minutes in the car with me going over the stereo's features, everything working nicely, and also took the time to sync up my iphone's contacts, etc. But an issue did rear it's ugly head when it came time to pay. He pulled the service order and said "That'll be $230, please." HOW MUCH?! "$230"Erm, I called this morning, and spoke to Marty, and he told me $180."Really? Lemme check with Marty" (Disappears for a minute)"Just spoke with Marty, he remembers talking to you and quoting you $180, but he didn't know there was an ipod interface to be installed..."What ipod interface? There's no ipod interface, it's built into the head unit!! All you did was plug a USB cable into it, and ran it through a hole I'd already made!"Oh, hang on a sec" (Disappears for a minute)"Okay, Marty says that $180 is fine. Wow, you're getting a hell of a deal!"In short - fantastic service, they did a great job with the install - but get your price beforehand, and stick to your guns if/when they try to up it after the fact.
<review# 469,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/3/2011,4/6/2011,17,94,8,6,6>*A LESSON ON MACARONS VS. MACAROONS*People, you're eating MACARONS -- not MACAROONS!MacaronsMacaroonsThey are two very different pastries. Google them. Look at pictures.As of this review, "macaron" has been mentioned 119 times, and "macaroon" has been mentioned 173 times. That means that the majority of people have no idea what they're actually putting in their mouth.If I have to read one more review about someone eating a delicious "macaroon" from Bouchon Bakery I may have to shoot myself.
<review# 470,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2011,4/5/2011,67,79,4,5,5>Slave Labor in Marin.Wow!  There it was in Shamrock's yard.  The 500-pound Connecticut Bluestone stepping stone called out, "Take me home and place me in your front walkway!  Now!" I had just completed my stone walkway two months earlier.  No matter, I would simply tear-out my newly constructed stone slope and put in this magnificent step.I am perhaps the only person I know who makes impulse purchases in a stone yard.Shamrock Materials delivered it to my driveway along with two types of gravel that I had actually intended to order (so, the stepper rode home for free).When the truck driver finished unloading everything with his forklift, he surveyed the gravel and the stones piled in my driveway.  He said, "I see one problem here."  He pointed to the heavy stepper.  "Well, the Egyptians figured out how to move these things 5,000 years ago, so I guess you can, too."In Marin, we are fresh out of Egyptian slaves.  So, yes, I did it, too.Good for me.
<review# 471,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/29/2007,12/11/2007,163,290,4,6,5>I have been to many a subway, many with brown lettuce, old tomatoes, skimpy portions., crappy attitudes. This is Marin, in a chi-chi shopping center, it is different here.The selection of vegies are fresh. No wilted lettuce, no paper thin cucumbers., nice looking tomato slices.They keep it clean, smooth running and friendly. I bet customers would have it no other way!So for a $3.79 turkey cold cut combo on a 6 inch whole wheat roll, I am happy. They didn't even balk when I asked for carrots on it. The sandwich was tasty, filled the lunch time, I'm in a hurry and hungry hole and hardly made a dent in the coin purse.
<review# 472,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2007,12/10/2007,138,288,4,12,6>This is not your father's public library!  My local public library growing up was a 1960's architectural monstrosity that looked and felt ominous and scary.  The Mill Valley Library is such a beautiful place, I sometimes wonder if I could set up a cot and hot-plate in the corner and move in.  In addition to the million-dolllar redwood views, complete with reading deck (!) -- I"m SO figuring out a way to move in -- the library is FREE and warm in the winter and cool in the summer ... just in case your million-dollar Mill Valley studio isn't so plush.  Beyond the usual books, magazines, DVDs, internet access and free wi-fi, they also have a calendar of free classes.  And be sure to ask about their museum-pass benefit!  Hint: You can check out free museum passes!  How cool is that!  I'm not complaining about my local taxes not going to good use again.
<review# 473,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/29/2007,12/9/2007,127,127,5,6,6>I walked to Sausalito today and now have the most idiotic farmer's tan I've ever seen in my life.  Wonderful!  Needless to say, after walking miles and risking our lives to get to Sausalito (seriously people..WTF?  Make a trail path!  We nearly got run over!), we were famished.  We stopped by Bridgeway and eagerly awaited our brunch.  I ordered a swiss cheese omelette with tomatoes.  I love omelettes so much it's beginning to become a problem.  I eat too many of them and that can't be good for my health!  That being said, I was almost cured permanently of my addiction to eggs at Bridgeway.  The swiss "cheese" was none other than friggin' Velvetta thin slices.   Yum!  The house potatoes were covered in sour cream, which I scraped off and threw to the side.  The service was decent and the view was spectacular, but I like real cheese on or in my eggs, so I cannot offer this place more than 3 stars.  Will not return...at least not for omelettes and potatoes.Oh...and the water tasted like dirt.
<review# 474,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2007,12/8/2007,352,1432,2,3,4>I should dock points for the stomach ache I have ...I'm old enough to know better ... but clearly I have no self control.I've been coming to this candy shop for over 10 years now ... it made as big an impression on me back then as it continues to do now.  The owner is awesome ... the schpiel he has on repeat to any customer walking in is "feel free to sample any of my candies and enjoy the view". What's not to love?  Sweets for your mouth and for your soul.  I want him to be the poster child for my "justification for higher education" poster.  It's always such a treat to visit here.  Thanks for being so cool, for being a Sausalito landmark and for reminding me that I should go see the dentist.
<review# 475,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/8/2007,12/7/2007,195,196,13,2,9>I went to Max's for dinner while staying in a tent at Sears Point the night before my AFM race.The "critics not welcomed" sign on the door put me in a bad mood to begin with.  If you can't take criticism, you're aiming for mediocrity.  And guess what?  If mediocrity is the goal, Max's delivers.Clientele tended towards the elderly and obese, uniformly white.  The female waitstaff were all wearing horribly masculine individuality-crushing shirts and ties.  The tired decor whispered "life is futile, why bother, eat yourself into oblivion".I made the mistake of listening, and ordered a gigantic fatty Reuben with a side of fries, and a beer. Large, bland, no surprises.  (Just like the clientele.)  I could easily imagine being trapped in this restaurant forever and eating this same Reuben every single day in some sort of eternal Sisyphean ordeal.The overstuffed booth I was sitting in kept saying "kill yourself, put a bullet in your brain, do it now..." so I decided to pay my bill and get out while I still could.
<review# 476,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2007,12/6/2007,85,202,6,6,5>This is a great place to get cool, timeless stuff that will NEVER break. Pricey? Yes, but if you can ever decide on which color/style, you will never have to buy it again. In addition, they periodically offer classes. I recently took an amazing mosaics workshop taught by Lisa Bookstein. It was great to see that everyone in the class was having fun. And there was a TON of Heath tile, among other elements, to work with. Ok, so I just said Heath doesn't break, but you get to work with it for your mosaic project. How? With a hammer! Good times, indeed!
<review# 477,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2007,12/5/2007,202,161,2,4,3>Dive Bar...Marin Dive Bar...There are two pool tables that get the job done (for good games go to the Pint Size) and a good jukebox.  My favorite thing about this place is the shoot out game.  The bartenders are pretty solid - Sim is the man.  At Trevor's you will also see a lot of young people...good place to put a few down.  This place has definitely grown on me...Make it happen - I do...
<review# 478,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2007,12/4/2007,145,396,1,5,5>I stopped here for Saturday lunch with my bf during a lovely drive in thick fog and drizzly rain up to Bolinas. It was cold day but a huge fire was rolling in the fireplace of Coast Cafe and we were able to sit right next to the fireplace to dry our wet jeans and jackets.Breakfast menu looked pretty good, but dinner menu looked even better. I wanted to order the "asparagus and mushroom soup" written on the blackboard over the counter but it was for the dinner.... so we settled for a bowl of vegan veggie soup and chili. Soups were very interesting meaning that I've never had veggie soup like this one before and I felt healthier with each bite. And Chili was a bit spicy side for me but hearty and tasty. Very friendly service and very relaxed atmosphere. Oh, the coffee comes in a huge mug and it was a "good" coffee :D I'd like to come here again to try the dinner menu.
<review# 479,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2007,12/2/2007,592,377,5,7,12>The Restaurant that brought SEXY back!  Um Yeah I'm talkin about me!  Yes ladies and gents it has been a crazy crazy year - lots of good food and and lots of crappy food.  The new job has taken me to eating out more often but with little to no time to talk about it with my peeps here on YELP!  But to my defense i haven't been hit with the inspiration to Yelp till I sat my ass down to some real down home SOL FOOD!It has been said before so I won't.  Just suffice it to say that I'm back baby and it's all cause of my peeps here at Sol Food!Yelp on!
<review# 480,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2007,11/30/2007,203,272,6,8,10>The cheapest gas station is WHERE?!?Years ago, I paid my rent babysitting for nice, rich families in Tiburon, and could never get over the fact that a gas station in MARIN, of all places, had prices that were consistently about 10-20 cents less than the cheapest place in San Francisco. I would wait all week to fill up my gas tank at this Arco. 7 years later, I have yet to see a place within 50 miles of my house that has cheaper gas prices than the Tiburon Arco (OK so maybe it's not technically in Tiburon since it's on the other (west) side of the freeway but that's how I think of it cause it's right there off the 101 by the Tiburon Exit). When looking up Arco on Yelp, I was a little confused as to which of the 2 Arco's in Marin is "the really cheap one" (I didn't know the street name). There seem to be a few in Marin but one look at the map told me this is the one - just off the freeway, after the Belvedere exit if you're heading to SF (on the other side of the fwy is the 'strawberry' shopping center with the Safeway). I just filled up yesterday and gas was "just" 3.09 a gallon (yeah it makes me sick that I'm actually saying 3.09 is cheap but when the cheapest place in my hood - the Arco on Whipple - is 3.19 it gives me a sense of glee to know I just saved ten cents a gallon.)Lines can be a little long but it seems like if your tank is on the right side of the car, or even if you don't but have a small car and can stretch the gas hose all the way to the other side of your car, you're in luck, cause the lanes for people with right side gas tanks seem to be pretty empty. Lucky for me I have a little CRX and it's easy to stretch the hose!  And I have to give this place kudus for their renovations. It's huge now, compared to when I used to come here regularly after work. I'm not crazy about the fact that they charge a debit fee, but I just plan ahead and bring cash (yes I am that cheap - I refuse to fork over that 45 cents dammit). Then when I go inside to get my change I know I'll probably be able to use it for the hefty bridge toll.
<review# 481,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2014,8/7/2014,331,587,4,8,6>My cat is *bleeping* finicky of late, and I am constantly searching for new foods which will gratify him and stop him from jumping on my face at 5:00am demanding food.Since moving to the North Bay, I haven't pledged allegiance to any pet store, and just often pick up my kitty essentials whenever/wherever is convenient. Red Hill is close to my yoga studio, making it convenient, and a place I'm happy is convenient. The owner is really nice and helpful, is not an over-seller at all, charges appropriate prices (moreso than Woodland's), and though we don't have more critters besides two felines, this store caters to fish, birds, and reptiles too.I'm still searching for the right food to gratify my gourmand cat, but I think I'll be trying more from this charming store.
<review# 482,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2014,8/6/2014,839,101,6,4,4>I've been visiting Portalupi for two years now. There are things I have come to really appreciate about this winery:* it's got a great location a block away from the square in the middle of Healdsburg.* the owners are almost always there behind the bar (how many other wineries can you say that about?).* Tim and Jane make me feel like family every time I go in. They're so warm and welcoming.* The experience at this place is different from any other winery tasting room. The wines are different, the vibe is different and the food is different.* Jane puts a big emphasis on good customer service (she used to run Nordstrom marketing, so she knows a bit about how to take care of people).I usually find parking nearby on the street or parking lots. On the occasions where I have to park a few blocks away it provides a good excuse to walk around Healdsburg, which is a cool little town.Portalupi has a lot of great reviews for a reason. Don't take our word for it, see for yourself.
<review# 483,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2014,8/5/2014,17,51,4,4,4>OoOO something new on my side of town!This place was a great find. Shortly after being seated they brought out the pickled things, along with the kimchi and also some veggie tempura on the house. All was very, very good. The kimchi was more garlic-y than sour and was a great surprise. But seriously guys, the pickled carrot/radish/cucumber dish was FANATSTIC. Can I get a pint of that? We also order the pot stickers (the kids love them) which was good, kinda bland but the wrapper was crispy and bubbly which is always appreciated. I had the bbq chicken plate (again, kids) which came with rice, salad and a healthy portion. The chicken was really just ok. Nothing screamed "I'm BBQ!" - it was sort of like eating chicken that had soy sauce brushed on while eating. The salad, however, stunning. It had sprigs of fresh dill which was a surprise and topped with a clean vinigrette. Just a huge, welcome surprise. My husband got the spicy pork which was moist and good with a (very) subtle heat. My 18 month old ate it with no problem.  I've had Korean before and this place seems to be catering to a slightly less accustomed palate, which may be a great way to get people to try Korean food but might be tough to get some of us to stick around. I will say, the service was outstanding. Just friendly, prompt and on top of our needs. We'll definitely go back but maybe steer away from the basics of the menu in the hopes for something a little bit stronger.
<review# 484,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2014,8/4/2014,48,70,3,2,3>Came here for lunch after church. We were a large party, and didn't want to have the kids glued to the TV, so we sat outside and enjoyed the balmy weather. Was pleasantly surprised to discover they have a children's menu and even more impressed that our picky three devoured their meals - mac n cheese for the girls and a burger (slider size) with fries for the boy. The only hitch was the side of country style potatoes my oldest ordered - they turned out to be seasoned with chili powder and cumin, not at all her cup of tea, nor did that complement the blueberry pancakes my mom ordered. My husband and I liked them, especially kicked up with a healthy dousing of Tabasco. My sister had the salmon salad, which looked really good (and I'm not even a big fan of salmon). My stepdad had the traditional egg & bacon breakfast - it could have been straight out of a food commercial, the way everything looked so perfectly cooked and was creatively arranged on the plate. I would have been tempted to steal a bite if our sandwiches hadn't been so tantalizing, particularly the portabello red pepper spicy pesto melty mozzarella one, but the house roasted turkey with gruyere au jus was a close second - the dipping broth was super tasty and I came close to drinking the rest of it. Everything was reasonably priced and the service was great. We will definitely be back and will probably hit up Swirl a few doors down afterwards for dessert...
<review# 485,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2014,8/3/2014,42,56,6,6,3>LOVE LOVE LOVE this place.  More on Ryan (the best hairstylist in the world) and Becky (the coolest Boutique owner on the planet). But I wanted to share my review on their Aesthetician, Vanessa Ruiz (she has her own Yelp page: yelp.com/biz/vanessa-rui)Wax and facial today = heaven. OK ladies. Let's face it. If you're reading a review about someone who waxes, you're looking for the least painful option. Right? And the cleanest. And the quickest (see painless). Add some good humor and great customer service and you've got Vanessa. Quick side note: you can find Vanessa at PinUp Emporium, a quirky and cool totally hip environment that makes you just wanna hang out with a cup of Chai and chat! Seriously, if you haven't been here for SOMETHING: hair styling, art opening, great skincare products, nice gifty type stuff, facial or waxing..then you're missing one of the coolest places in Marin. OK, back to the wax. Vanessa can crack a joke and make you feel totally comfortable while she's got hot wax on your vajayjay. I'm not joking. I have no idea how I can feel so totally relaxed while I'm butt naked and going through first world torture. She just has that way about her.  And before you know it... WHAM! You're done! Your legs are silky smooth and hydrated with some yummy smelling organic stuff that dropped from the heavens.  But let's not stop there... Facial heaven. Seriously. No seriously. The room is quiet. Vanessa turns down the lights. Relaxing music. Yummy smells. And then she full on massages your face. I feel like my skin is jumping for joy!  Massage, exfoliate, massage, warm towel, massage, clean towel, massage, cleanse, massage...you get the idea. I'm not sure if Vanessa knows her anatomy, but a facial means face. She does that whole massage and cleansing ritual on your neck and shoulders, too! And your head! Dude, seriously. The woman doesn't know her anatomy and I'm not about to clue her in!  And when she's done you don't look all red like someone's been slapping you for a half hour (yes..you know...the way you look after YOUR facial if you're not seeing Vanessa). In fact, when she's done, you feel like a Goddess. Like I said, wax and facial today = heaven.
<review# 486,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2014,8/2/2014,230,290,2,6,4>THANK YOU!!I woke up this morning craving a shrimp poboy and a Barq's... that's all fine and dandy but I don't live in NOLA anymore, so that thought is pretty much a crap-shoot nowadays.  Well, that is until I decided to make the 30 minute drive to Parish.  Yes, the bread isn't Leidenheimer but it did the job.   I wanted to cry when I asked if they had root beer and the server said it was Barq's... and there's Crystal on the table?! AHHH!!!  What next will they tell me the mayo is my f'ng fave, Blue Plate?!I'm definitely going to go back and try their other dishes and see how they stack up.  Something tells me this spot will be my go-to when I'm craving a taste of home. (insert huge smiley face here)
<review# 487,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2014,8/1/2014,43,116,6,6,5>HOLY GIANT MEATBALLS BATMAN!This is one of our local family favorites. Easy to find just across from the famous Oxbow public market. We always sit inside, but there is a small outside patio in front where you can enjoy your meal if you so desire. The servers are always really nice and attentive. If you just want a drink while watching sports there is a nice bar area as well. I think they have one of the better pizzas in town at an affordable price. The pastas are very good. My daughter frequently asks to go here just for a giant meatball. The lasagna is pretty good too (not as good as mine). Don't forget to have dessert and I would have the tiramisu if I were you.  The restaurant overall is clean, fairly quiet and has a nice relaxed atmosphere.
<review# 488,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2014,7/31/2014,222,110,5,12,5>I've been here a few times and think its time to leave a review. The location has been used for restaurants in the past, but never set up well. As you walk in, the first improvement you'll notice are the new access points, no more having to walk all the way around. The patio area up front is perfect for lunch or warm evenings, being a little larger than Flip Side and less crowded by tables & chairs like La Rosa makes for a very open and welcoming environment. As you walk in, the first thing you notice are the smiles and friendly demeanor of the staff. Once you walk into the restaurant there is a real homelike feel with the right side of the entrance being set up with couches and a fireplace, the left side has the bar with a low to medium lighting for an intimate feel and the back of the restaurant actually looks like a restaurant, not overcrowded like this run on sentence your reading.The bartender is Armon, the best barkeep in Santa Rosa, the man knows how to hook up the drinks perfectly and is very social giving that feel of "you are very welcome here and well take good of care of you." The hostess Brittany seems to always be a in a bubbly mood and the waiting staff has been on top of my table every time I have sat at a table there. The happy hour drinks and appetizer are great, but the main attraction of this location is the Brazilian style of meat service for only $40. Sure I could have one fine steak for about $40, but my carnivorous taste buds crave for more than just one type of meat at a time which is why this location and the all you can eat fresh meat is my new favorite restaurant. I'm curious to see what my fellow Yelpers think of this new restaurant.
<review# 489,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2014,7/30/2014,314,37,8,11,9>BEST Cupcakes in Napa! Hands down. Creamy, sweet, filling & beyond flavorful. I especially love the variety in cupcakes. The popular favorites are always made but they do make cupcake specials that are definitely worth trying. I'm totally cheesy when it comes to this but during the holidays Sift makes cupcakes that showcase the holidays as well as the seasons. It's perfect for gifts as well as something to look forward to in regards to new cupcakes. For example, given the 49ers amazing football season they're having right now, Sift has made "The 49er" which consists of red velvet cake with salted caramel frosting. My favorites always include the Battle Royale, the Samoa, Snickerdoodle and Pink Champagne. The Battle Royale, the Samoa as well as the Pink Champagne are winners in the show 'Cupcake Wars' on Food Network. The Battle Royale consists of almond cake with a blueberry tequila filling, topped with acai berry cream cheese frosting. The Samoa is a coconut cake, chocolate ganache filling and caramel frosting, rolled in toasted coconut. The Snickerdoodle is vanilla cake with cinnamon cream cheese frosting and The Pink Champagne is moist raspberry cake with a delicious champagne frosting.... if these don't appeal to you then there is no helping you! Sift Cupcake also provides other options for dessert such as a variety of cakes, whoopies, macarons, rice crispy treats and even ice cream sandwiches. In case you didn't like cupcakes there are other options for you! Sift is incredibly delicious and right when you walk in this place you are overwhelmed with the smell of cupcakes. On top of that, it feels like you're walking into the ultimate dollhouse that is only furnished with cake platters, pink walls and desserts. I love you Sift!
<review# 490,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2014,7/29/2014,47,68,3,8,7>If you are looking for an incredibly positive, well run martial arts school, MAUSA is it!Back in 2011, we became guardians of our 13 year old nephew, and enrolled him in the 2 week trial. For $39 he received a uniform, orientation, private lesson, and 2 weeks of class. Although hesitant at first, after his first class he was hooked.Since then, we have witnessed the amazing impact martial arts and this school has had on him. He has developed self discipline, respect, and great personal fitness.As students both young and old progress with their Tae Kwon Do training, they become eligible to advance by belt testing. These MAUSA events are awesome! Families of students gather to support students of all levels while they test showing their progress with forms, kicks, sparring, and physical fitness.In addition to Tae Kwon Do, they offer a sparring team which competes at various AAU TKD tournaments. Students become eligible for the team as they progress past the beginner belt levels.Summer Camp, Kickboxing, and Parent's Night out events are a few of the other things MAUSA has to offer.I highly recommend Martial Arts USA!
<review# 491,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2010,4/26/2011,87,152,5,7,4>Good deal in San Anselmo.  (Never thought I would say that)  $40 for a 1 hour chair massage that spends most of the time on your feet,  shoulders, arms, hands, and a little in between.  They call it acupressure because... I don't really know why.   Pressure points?  Sure, but it's closer to a reflexology session.Another plus is their responsiveness.  No need to sign up way in advance.  They are always open and willing to fit you in as long as you give them a few hours heads up.  Sometimes, not even that.  I've gone 5-6 times by now because I took advantage of......the really good deal!  If you live in the area, invest in the 10 ticket purchase.  Sure, it's $300, but do the math, people!  It's now just $30!  For an hour!   And you get to give an awesome gift to your friends.  Especially your Yelp friends like Bob G. of San Rafael.Do your feet a favor.  Go there.  Go there now.
<review# 492,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/27/2011,4/25/2011,415,316,,8,5>This place opened about a month ago in the old Jack in the Box location in San Anselmo. I agree with Marc M. They really do need to work on their Customer Service skills. They weren't rude they just didn't do anything to be friendly.. not even one smile. Food wise it was okay. Next time if I stop by I will ask them to kick up the flavor a bit. I do like the way that you can see them grill you food right in front of you. I found the vegetables to be fresh and my portion size was more than ample. You can take your food out or you can sit inside. They did a nice job of cleaning up the place from the old Jack n the Box and they did add new tables and chairs. The place was clean... spotless to be honest. I just think since they are new and still getting to know their customers that perhaps they are working more on nerves than focusing on giving people a reason to WANT to come back. I'd say give them a try... I do wish them luck and hope they improve.  After Jack n the Box left it was just this ugly empty building on Sir Francis Drak Blvd.. they have at least given us something better to look at.
<review# 493,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/14/2011,4/24/2011,259,650,6,7,10>You know those places you just stumble upon?  This isn't one of them. Even if I tell you how to find it, you might still miss it.  So, I guess this would be the perfect place to meet someone you either don't want to be seen with or someone you're trysting with clandestinely.  If that's your thing, here's what you'll find:Cafe 4040 is a simple little weekday lunch spot tucked into the ground floor of an office building, just beside the (free) parking structure.  Sound appealing?!  Well, with its high ceilings and one south-facing wall of glass, it does exude a nice airiness.  If it's sunny but cold out, this would be a good place to sit inside by the window and bask in the sun like a cat.  And while you do that, you can eat and drink secure in the knowledge that you won't run into anyone you know.  The offerings are basic: sandwiches, salads, crepes, coffees.  I had a small salad with a scoop of tuna ($6.25).  It was adequate but not nearly enough food to qualify as a full lunch.  A friend recommends their more substantial mediterranean plate, in the $8 range.  It looked good and more filling.      There's a little outdoor space between the cafe and the parking garage.  People who work in the building sometimes go there to smoke or hang out with their dogs.  That's pretty much all that happens here.  If that sounds appealing, well, now you know!
<review# 494,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2011,4/23/2011,29,60,2,6,3>Walked in last night at 6pm just for a consult and walked out with a piercing and a small tattoo.  I was lucky that Alex (Tattoo artist) had a cancellation at 7pm (I lucked out).  First the piercing.  I did have to wait 15 minutes for sterilization but at least I know everything is clean.  Just expect that wait.  It was not a big deal at all.  Everything was explained to me before it happened and after what I should do for aftercare.  Second the small tattoo.  I showed a drawing to Alex and asked him to come up with some ideas.  He came up with 5 and they were all great.  I did choose one and even though it was small and simple, he treated it as though it was an elaborate one.  With care and with pride.  I am so happy that I went here.  (FYI parking is scarce so if you cannot find a spot, ask inside regarding the best place to park).
<review# 495,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2010,4/22/2011,8,17,3,6,6>As a persian, it is hard to find food as good as my grandma's old world home cooking. Rumi is the best Persian cuisine in the north bay! I grew up eating this stuff, so here are some of my all time favorites that Rumi prepares so well:Pureed Eggplant (Kashk Budemjoon) - This tasty dish is best when eaten with their home made bread. It has a fair amount of garlic (I am a lover of garlic).House Olives - A perfect balance of sweet and savory. The dish has pomegranate and walnut flavors which is sure to catch your attention. I recommend trying it at least once, I don't think you'll hesitate to order it when you return! Tah Dig - Any one who has ever eaten dinner at my house ALWAYS says Tah Dig is their favorite dish. It is basically crispy rice, there is a first time for everything, but this wont be your last time eating Tah Dig.Koobideh - This is a staple at all of our family BBQs. It is ground meat, molded to a skewer and cooked over open fire. It's an art, really, to keep the meat from falling off into the fire and ruining everything. Traditionally its made with beef, but I prefer chicken because its a bit lighter. Dont forget to sprinkle the Somagh (the maroon colored spice on your table) on your skewers and rice.  **If you don't like ground meat, I recommend Barg, or any of the Joojeh Kabobs (all of the joojehs are seasoned the same, it a matter of what part of the chicken you like** Stews - All of the stews are amazing. These are the dishes I make at home and I couldn't make them any better then Rumi. My personal favs are Fesenjoon (a rich walnut and pomegranate stew) and Gormeh Sabzi (a sour stew made with lots of fresh herbs). These stew are available with tofu "meat" for the vegetarians.  When you visit, be patient with the staff. All of the food is made fresh, not in mass quantities. The wait is worth it because the food is mouth watering. So remember: good things come to those who wait. BON APETIT! or as we say in farsi "NU-SHEH-JON!"
<review# 496,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2010,4/21/2011,201,55,3,6,3>I found it odd that it was in the middle of a Medical Center, but who cares?  I enjoyed my combo plate with a pork tamale and chicken verde enchilada. Not once, but twice!  Okay, in two separate visits.The second time I had a glass of sangria. It was the perfect combination not too much wine but I don't recall sangria having a cloudy purple color.  The restaurant reminds me of Casa Lupe back home and for that they get that coveted 4th star.  The tamale and the enchilada were both moist and not dry.  The serving size left me stuffed because I couldn't help but finish the food.  Once I got home, I passed out and I'm not sure if it was from the glass of sangria or the food. So far, I am a fan. :)
<review# 497,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2009,4/20/2011,2,22,1,1,3>I asked Christian to make me a fire cake. I was having a fire dancing party for my birthday. I had no idea what he would come up with. It was amazing. It looked like a brick fire pit on the beach with huge smoldering logs and flames made of sugar reaching up. My guests were amazed. The cake looked amazing. The best part was eating it. It was filled with raspberry and it was the most delicious moist cake ever. I have had him make other cakes for events. You can't have a party with out a cake from Krumbs Cakes!
<review# 498,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2010,4/19/2011,103,359,6,8,7>still the best donuts in Marin!  Outrageously delicious,  I crave them almost every day.  The photos don't do them justice.  As Mike says, "they are old school good!"
<review# 499,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/1/2011,4/17/2011,1398,327,5,11,6>Now I can get all the Indian Spices I'd want right here in Marin County! And I love that they have Rohu fish (frozen) here  --- simply my favorite bestest river fish EVAAAR! This is the only store that I know of that carries this fish! Win!!!They have a decent variety of Indian spices, ingredients, and snacks but can't really compete with the heavyweights down south. I wish they stocked Maggi's "Lemon Chicken" noodles and Britania's Cream Cracker (my all time favorite).Nonetheless, I get what I need right here and saves me from the trouble of driving all the way down to San Francisco or even Viks, in Berkeley.The owners are a friendly couple from Southern IndiaThe place is growing on me. Like!
<review# 500,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2011,4/15/2011,134,39,6,6,6>I am a junior manager of a massage clinic so I am very picky and well educated about massage. Dillon is amazing. I suffer from fibromyalgia, a bulging disc, as well as upper back and neck pain. After coming out of one of Dillon's massages I feel so well balanced and pain free even long after the massage. His professionalism, knowledge and outstanding intuition is what seperates him from the rest.
<review# 501,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2013,6/8/2013,119,66,4,7,3>This place rules! I came here today with four of my best girlfriends and we had an absolutely fantastic time.  I had Carnival by The Lost Abbey, which I always love, especially on a warm day like today.  They had a great beer list.  The food menu looked good too -- and they even offer a vegetarian version of their beet burger, though the bun is egg-washed so there's not much in the way of vegan food.  But with how incredibly helpful and nice the waitstaff was, I imagine they could work something out!We sat outside on the patio, which was lovely.  Altogether a great experience and I'm very much looking forward to going back!Edit: I've now been there several times and enjoy it just as much as I did the first time!I LOVE that they play games on their projector...so awesome.  Enjoyed watching the Warriors and Sharks simultaneously the other night!The one thing I REALLY wish they would reconsider is their "absolutely no half-pours...ever" policy.  I really enjoy beer, but I just can't drink a whole one.  I'm a tiny person and a mega-lightweight.  I'd be happy to pay more than half the price of the full size...I'm not sure why they can't offer this, but they've made it clear to me that it's not even up for discussion.But still, I love this place and am so, so happy it's here!
<review# 502,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2013,6/7/2013,90,112,5,7,8>Spring is in the air; flowers are in full bloom and the smell of freshly brewed coffee wafted through the crisp air. What else can I do but to follow the aroma? Besides it was lunchtime and I was done window shopping in the chic Montgomery Village. The aroma led me to VPBC, a casual, cozy cafe located in a little alleyway inside the Village with outdoor seating in a nice patio and indoor seating in the dining room. There is an elegant pastry display case to the left and the room has a full view of the open kitchen. Since it was a little breezy today, everyone opted to sit indoors and I grabbed the last table. I noticed the wall was adorned with old photos of the owner's family and I can't tell whether the background was of Santa Rosa or Europe! This was my second time here and I noticed both times that the crowd was mostly women, not that they bothered me!I have not been eating healthy in awhile. Today was my chance. The soup of the day ($6.75) was made from a combo of spring veggies like carrots, potatoes and asparagus with no meat. The broth was light and had no cream or dairy and thickened slightly by the mashed potatoes. It came in a big bowl and you can make a whole meal out of this if you request for sourdough or focaccia. For my main, I picked the seasonal quiche for today ($10.50) with asparagus and jack cheese. The quiche was homemade and baked in the premises. In fact, all pastries were baked in-house. The crust of the quiche was more crunchy than flaky and the asparagus, jack cheese, eggs and milk added to the rich custardy texture and flavor of the filling. It came with a side of mixed greens in a homemade balsamic vinaigrette dressing. Sourness is one of the distinct flavors I love in any food and balsamic vinaigrette is my favorite salad dressing. The presentation of the quiche and salad however may require a little more work. Sadly, I was too stuffed to try dessert and I recommended to the manager that the cafe should consider selling soup by the cup instead of only by the bowl so I can have some room for dessert. I guessed that was not possible as this apparently presented a problem for the kitchen. Go figure...On my previous visit, I was happy with the Rock Cod ($12.00) in their homemade beer batter with coleslaw and spicy aioli. It came with a homemade bun and a side of fries. The rock cod is a mild tasting white fish and the meat is flaky and moist. My personal preference was to have the fish lightly fried to a golden brown like Japanese tempura style instead of a darker brown color. The coleslaw did add some crunchiness and the aioli gave it a little heat and sweetness. I had no intention of finishing the fries but I did. As a result, I was not able to try their dessert again for a second time. To complete the lunch, I ordered a cup of French pressed coffee ($2.00). It was strong, aromatic and perked up my energy level for the rest of the day.I had the same server twice and she was sweet and pleasant. The food were served on both days in a timely manner.I read their Dinner Specials and they do a Mushroom and Red Wine Braised Short Rib and for the health conscious a grilled Halibut with salsa verde and spring veggies. I shall be back for dinner and I am sure the crowd and the ambiance will be quite different.
<review# 503,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2013,6/6/2013,47,456,,4,2>Love this place! Definitely a good spot for lunch and a hidden gem. They take into account food sensitivities and eating preferences and everyone seemed aware of the ingredients in the food too. Most everything is gluten free, which was nice because I felt like I had an entire menu to choose from and my fear of cross contamination was diminished quite a bit. I saw that some people did have difficulties with some of the gluten free items, but I enjoyed my nachos and had no reaction. The chips are definitely different that typical tortilla chips and the cheese, chipotle dressing, and tofu were very good. The only thing I disliked was how greasy they were. I might try the nachos with more greens and veggies next time or perhaps the quinoa or rice bowls, those looked good. Prices were not too bad, a little high, but not overly ridiculous for a vegan/gluten free spot that serves generous portions.
<review# 504,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2012,6/5/2013,8,11,,2,1>We could not be happier with our first trip to Fabrizio's - what a fantastic night for me, my fiance and our two friends.  We had actually met Fabrizio by chance at another place in North Beach I recommend (Cafe Maria) - he was so gracious and hospitable that when he said he had his own restaurant in Larkspur we knew we had to try it.We were not disappointed - from beginning to end, we were made to feel as though we had been coming there for 30 years.  Our waitress was wonderful - Elena was attentive, warm and had perfect timing all night. The food was DELICIOUS. The garlic bread was perfect, and we loved the prosciutto and black fig appetizer. My seafood ravioli was exactly what I wanted and my fiance's gnoccis were the best he's had.  Then desserts - wow. We had the Fabrizio special (a combo of tiramisu, vanilla gelato and strawberries) then something called La bombas, then some sort of truffle ice cream dish.Let's just say - bring your appetite.  We were full, but happy! We even stayed later to chat with Fabrizio and Elena.  All in all, a wonderful experience and we plan to bring guests there. And the four of us have discussed becoming regulars ;)
<review# 505,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2013,6/4/2013,76,113,,4,3>Love this place.  Just had a great Sunday breakfast, and the Huevos Rancheros are outstanding.  The omelets are also great.  Service is prompt and upbeat, everything is perfectly prepared, the prices are fair, absolutely nothing to criticize. After 10am, it gets pretty busy on a Sunday.  The crowd is eclectic Western Marin, informal and cheerful, with a few travelers stopping in.
<review# 506,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2013,6/3/2013,0,15,,3,1>Great shop. I had my 06 Kia Rio worked on there, and wo';t go anywhere else.I referred the shop to my girlfriend, and she won't go anywhere else either. The shopis immaculate, and its good to see Mark and Debbie's smiling face when you walk inand the best part is the car is fixed right the first time every time, and they stand behind it..
<review# 507,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2008,6/2/2013,121,139,,4,3>I walked in, they day before thanksgiving no less, and asked if anyone was available to trim my bangs, and I was introduced to Laura. I explained to Laura that a few months ago someone completely botched up my bangs, and they were finally long enough to be trimmed and shaped. She analysed the problem and worked with me to get my bangs back to wearable form. After my previous traumatizing (yes, I said traumatizing) experience with my bangs a few months back I was really glad to have someone knowledgeable work on my very thick and stubborn hair. Thanks again Laura! I will definitely come back here when it's time to restyle and color my hair.
<review# 508,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2013,6/1/2013,5,81,,1,1>You know when you go to a restaurant that people are always raving about and you finally try it and you think to yourself, "Meh... it could use a little something more." Not this place (okay so maybe more bacon, but who are we kidding? That's the case for everything). Dierk's is great. Better than great. They have mastered breakfast. And while I have only been here twice, I absolutely plan on coming back and trying everything on the menu. I have tried the pull apart bread (which I will admit, I am not crazy about), the Boulevard Burrito (which was fantastic! I had them add some fresh avocado to it and it was amazing), the Corn Beef Hash (amazing!) and hands down the best and most delicious breakfast item I have ever had in my life... Gompa's Sandwich. Holy crap that sandwich is incredible. Bacon, lettuce, tomato, egg and turkey on some perfectly toasted bread.Also, the customer service here is great. The servers are friendly, attentive and they work quickly. This place is heaven for your tastebuds but hell on your waistline. I highly recommend it!
<review# 509,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2012,5/31/2013,23,27,,2,2>As "Greasy Spoons" go, this is definitely the best in Petaluma. I have been eating at this place since the 70s. (Yeah, the 1970s!) It was Three Cooks (or 3 Cooks) then, but owned by the old original owners. The new website has a lame-assed rendition of a hip "history" which conveniently left out the real history. Bobby Mangano and Mike Foster weren't around when the original was the cool thing in town (not at the restaurant, at least).This place, in the mid seventies, had the best pancakes anywhere! ANYWHERE! They were, like, $1.85 for the first one and ten cents for each one after that, and you could eat maybe four. Full plate sized pancakes that were extremely good, cooked by a hunched-over little guy that reminds me of an old Hollywood character actor who had an energetic manner and a squeaky voice (this old guy was anything but energetic!!!) and served up by a standard array of greasy spoon waitresses. With a glass of milk, your breakfast came to about $2.50, $3 with a tip, and was incredible.Today, after having gone through the metamorphosis it has, the owners have weenied the menu item names down from the highly praised great stuff that was once Steve's (after the original sold), with cool and fun names like the Foo Foo Mammajamma, the Bip Bam Hot Damn, The Master Blaster to some PC alternatives. Whatever. The food is still great, the people are still nice, the prices are still good and they are still in business. Highly recommended, this one, for anyone who isn't prudish and stuck up about their food. People who think one order of hash browns that don't meet your personal requirements is good reason to say you'll never come back should be eating somewhere else, if for no other reason than so I don't have to listen to you whine about everything.
<review# 510,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2013,5/30/2013,141,176,2,4,3>Oh so wonderful! My mom knows I love the Rosso's in Santa Rosa, so she suggested we pop by here too.I've recently fallen in love with the world of collard greens and chard, and as soon as I saw the Motto Guzzi had chard I was hooked. My mom says she's been more on the Margarita kick ... and I had been for years, it's always a good standby but yesterday I wanted something different. The sausage was well cooked and juicy, there was plenty of chard, and because I do love red sauce I asked for some on the side. The Motto doesn't have anything but olive oil with caramelized onions and of course their signature mozzarella. It did not dissapoint.We also ordered a bottle of white wine a Pinot Blanc for a modest $24. When scanning the tag it took us to Allegrini.it. It had wonderful flavors of pear, melon, and honey. Paired wonderful with a "white" pizza.I was still a little hungry after the three of us split the calamari fritti and the pizza, so I opted to order something off their happy hour menu. Garlic bites. For $2 dollars I think I could order these buggers 5 fold and eat them all. If you love pizza and garlic you will love these! They are puffed pizza dough cut into pyramid like pieces rolled in garlicky finger licking buttery goodness.The place was pretty empty for about 3 pm, but it was a random Wednesday. The server was not overly attentive and was very prompt.Loved it and can't wait to go back again!
<review# 511,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/29/2012,4/11/2012,58,38,6,10,7>Oh Barley Bhel, why must thou haunt me? You invade my thoughts and trouble my dreams. My salivary glands swell in anticipation just thinking of you.....you are sweet and salty, crunchy and soft, flavorful and filling, and I could eat you all....day....long......This is one of my current favorite dishes anywhere, and it really does invade my thoughts on a regular basis. I love the combination of flavors and textures - the sweet tamarind sauce tempered by the squeeze of lemon over the top, the crunchy puffed rice and peanuts, the chewy barley, the bites of soft potato and the zing of fresh onion....yes, yes, yes!! I'll have what she's having indeed! As far as pleasures go, it is a pretty healthy one, and an order of this to go can fill you up for lunch with no problem. They also have versions with sprouted beans and tofu, both of which are good, but don't do it for me in quite the same way as the barley for some reason. Once you go barley, you never go far-ley? Oh well, it was worth a shot.....My other favorite things at Lotus Chaat are the Chloe Bhature (puffy fried goodness that reminds me of Native American fry bread - actual Indian fry bread if you will...), the crispy chicken dosa, the shrimp curry that was offered recently as a special, and the vegetarian thali. We used to make pilgrimages to Vik's Chaat House in Berkeley to get our chaat fix, but having been to both Vik's and Lotus Chaat in the same week, I honestly think I will stick with Lotus....the food tastes more flavorful and more carefully prepared at Lotus Chaat to me, and with two kids in tow, I can do without all the drama at Vik's - I don't really feel like standing in line to order, jockeying for a table, busing my compostable corn fork and paper plate when I am done, and enjoying the unintelligible screaming of names of folks whose order is ready over the loudspeaker throughout my meal. The chaos at Vik's can be fun at times, and is good for freaking out your Aunt from Minnesota, but on a regular basis, I do enjoy the quiet, peaceful atmosphere at Lotus Chaat, the friendly and attentive table service, and eating on a real plate with a metal fork. It's the little things that count, right? They are also very welcoming of my kiddos, and it's SO nice that it's close by in San Rafael and we don't have to drive to the East Bay to get good Chaat. Now if someone would just open a good Vietnamese place in Novato, my culinary life as an expat San Franciscan would be complete....or at least vastly improved.....
<review# 512,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/29/2011,4/10/2012,157,259,10,8,2>I bought a Groupon voucher for a 1 hour cut and style here. I was a little concerned that for a salon that has been operating since 1986, there are no Yelp reviews (looks like they are all filtered). I thought my last haircut was over 2 years ago because I was traumatized by the stylist at Rouge in Sausalito. I actually had my hair done at Vim & Vigor since and loved it. Just too expensive ($100+) and I am usually not in SOMA these days, so V&V had to go.  :(At any rate, this was a big step for me. 2 years of growth is probably true. Before getting a cut at At the Top, my hair was over 24" long and in desperate need of some rad layers.  I went in and met with Dorian. She greeted me at the door, but didn't introduce herself right off. She just looked at me and said hello, then gave me a strained smile and look like, "Well, what are you here for,  you slack-jawed idiot?" I saw that as a challenge of silence, so it was an awkward beginning. Probably not a great move for someone who was about to alter my appearance. I was not at ease.The salon was very active with people of all ages and their hairs looked good, so I had hope. We sat down in the back and I was not offered any beverages or a place to hang my possessions. I was told to drop them in the next chair. I showed Dorian the photos of the long layered look I hoped for, acknowledging that I have fine hair and that I wasn't going to look like a supermodel afterward. I just wanted a decent haircut with a little edge to it. She cited the limitations and set to work. What she didn't know is that I'd had the very haircut I showed her and it was awesome. It looked great. (I'd had it done in NY years ago by a Paul Mitchell stylist, so I had an edge back then.) I knew it was possible if you knew what you were doing.She began cutting and chatting. The cutting was fine, the chatting was a little forced. Not sure what it was, but we just weren't connecting. Was it me? Was I being judged on my appearance (which I admit was a little rough after a few tough months)? The thing about the Bay Area, folks, is that you don't know if Hobo John sitting next to you on MUNI is the patentholder for the lapband, so better not pass judgment. Besides, karma and all that.I asked Dorian how I could make my hair thicker and she talked about a friend of hers who owns a salon in Sausalito specializing in hair growth solutions for people with alopecia and wigs. Excuse me? I may have fine hair, but it covers my head. Really, I was just asking about product! I wasn't sure what to make of her response, so I just kept my mouth shut and took a few points off. The haircut I got from Dorian was middle of the road. We took about 3 inches off the bottom, added some chunky layers and off I went. It looks clean and kept, but not edgy. I tipped generously and on my way out, she oddly said, "good luck with that." WTF??? Good luck with what? Getting a wig?
<review# 513,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2012,4/9/2012,340,166,8,10,12>Many birthdays, Fridays' nights, Sunday days have been spent here...  And the Monday daze that finally ends at a small table where I stare amazingly at a menu that exhilarates my mind and, eventually, strengthens my soul.  If you could be here right now, then these words would glow.  The multi-dimensional salads invigorate.  The pizza melts in your mouth as golden stars emblazon the memories that begin to form.  The kindest, most well-rounded, and efficient waitstaff on Main Street are always pleased to serve.  They know every soft cheese, every hard cheese, every flavoring that will turn the meal into a wide open celebration of culinary life.  They love you here.  Scoot in your chair and dig into this.  ...  If you are reading this from the future, please know that we were no different then than you are now.  Sure, many of us were going crazy about our huge iPhones that kept us in touch remotely via Facebook, but we still liked to touch down every now and then to put heavy stock into a warm delicious meal and human interaction.  Pizza Azzurro most likely hasn't changed much.  And you might see me there some night.  I will probably be waving my arm at Charles for another glass for the missus and I.  We will be eagerly anticipating the usual which hopefully is an arugula salad, a beet salad, maybe some pasta, but probably a pizza because I can also steal some of her rigatoni.  And this little corner of the Earth is and will always be one of my favorite local getaways.
<review# 514,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2011,4/8/2012,248,493,11,9,7>I only have one oldest sister and she, due to some sort of terrible phenomena only has one birthday - unlike myself, to which it is everyday....or at least I eat cake everyday.Could this possibly be without any legitimate reason?? shit. Must think on this...For this one, special Oldest Sister Day, we went to The Girl & The Fig. Oddly, neither of us had been and we have had way too much time to do so, with no excuse as to why we hadn't. Brunch was the order and we were having it all.Morning Cocktails. I don't care who you are, there is something so bad about drinking before say 6 on any given day. It was 11. Two cocktails were already on our table. A seasonal Appley Cider concoction with Whiskey topped with cinnamon sugar rim and a Fig liqueur mixture. These were not on the brunch menu, but the drink menu, and that's just how advanced we are. And equal to our eliteness were these drinks. Not too sweet, veeery sneaky in their tastiness and ability to get the alcohol in.These were really just to tie us over until the main event, the food.Fromage Stuffed Brioche French Toast with Berry Sauce. This was my inspiration for coming here and really the star of the show and since I was feeling a bit guilty about already drinking AND having dessert for breakfast, we shared. Also, I wanted really everything on the menu, so sharing was an easy way to at least get one extra dish in. Fluffy brioche light and airily housing Fromage adorned with lemon zest and a bit of sweetness all covered with a wonderful berry sauce tart and juicy. Great.Duck Confit Hash. This was exciting to even think about. I could imagine it's greatness and all the wonderful adjectives that would spring forth once I took my first bite, but honestly, this was not the stellar number that I expected. Yes the eggs atop were perfectly poached and indeed the two modest potato duck pancakes looked promising, but they were...almost wet in the middle. The confit was not the flavor packed powerhouse I thought and the veg inside made the pancake almost soggy. The outside was very nicely browned and even had a bit of crunch, but next time, I would go for the Eggs Benedict that my older and wiser sister got. Potatoes were perfectly browned and crisp, the benedict was on sliced baguette, not the ordinary english muffin. Forego the confit, there are better things with which to use your stomach room.The service was kind as could be, personable and friendly and nothing left to be desired. I had tipped them off that this was a special birthday indulgence and so, sister was presented with a single chocolate covered dried fig complete with candle. Adorable.I had heard bad things about this famous location, seemed there was a lot of hype that no one owned up to it living up to, but for us, it was a decadent and tasty morning treat of waistline evilness.
<review# 515,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2010,4/7/2012,3,14,1,4,3>OK ladies (men too) listen up here....  if you want a great 45 minute facial for $40 pick up the phone and reserve your spot.. You get to pick out the product line you want to try or a combination from the ones they carry.  My skin felt and looked great when I left thanks to Jeanette. Apparently there are only 2 stores that have the mini Spa. Lucky for us here in North Marin. I'll be back soon.
<review# 516,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2010,4/6/2012,20,16,2,2,2>yyyyyyeeeeeeeahhhhh so good this place rocks!  They serve huge portions wishing it was organic though.Get the eggs and bacon or an omlette those are my favs for brekie.Highly recommended the owners are there all the time which is a plus.
<review# 517,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2010,4/5/2012,8,17,,3,1>Dr. Poksay and his staff are very professional. My initial dental exam was extremely thorough; it included the standard x-rays and probing for dental decay, but they also took six measurements per tooth for periodontal issues, conducted stand-up x-rays for bite issues, took digital photographs of potential problems, provided an oral cancer screening, as well as took a measurement for cavity causing bacteria in the mouth. The tooth cleaning process was very aggressive to ensure that all of the plaque between my teeth and under the gums was removed. I did not experience any pain because they used a numbing cream and a hydro-sonic tool, besides the evil dental picks. After the dental exam, Dr. Poksay presented an overview of my dental health to me using a simple to understand red, yellow and green chart for each area of the discussion. He also used photographs and x-rays to support his recommendations about the future dental care procedures that he was reccomending. He did not pressure me to have any dental processes completed. The dentist office was very modern, clean and state of the art. Dr. Poksay's team was very friendly, engaging, and provided excellent customer service regarding follow-up visits and dental insurance submissions. The dentist, Dr. Poksay, is very professional, speaks plainly, is engaging and takes as much time as needed with you to answer all of your questions. Overall, I felt that they provided the best dental service that I have ever received. BTW, at the time of this review, they are offering a Braun Oral-B Professional Care electric toothbrush kit to new patients for FREE, if you visit their website, novatodentist.net, and request it on-line!
<review# 518,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2011,4/4/2012,10,36,,1,1>Saturday hours and the Yelp reviews lead me to this wonderful vet for updated vaccinations for my 8 year old dog.My pooch is petrified of vet offices, and Dr Buttar put her at ease with his calm manner and kind touch.  He did a thorough exam and had some positive suggestions to improve her health without nailing me for the extra weight she's carrying.  More exercize is good for both of us.The best part of the visit was learning that the water/alcohol solution I was using to clean her ears (under the advice of our previous vet) is an irritant and harmful to the delicate membrane inside her ears.The office staff is attentive and made a surprising follow-up call a few days later to see how she was doing after the visit.If there were 6 stars, Animal Kind would have earned them.
<review# 519,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2011,4/3/2012,27,109,1,1,1>Good Coffee!  Loved finding this place, if I had more time, I definitely would have sat in the front patio area and relaxed on the Saturday Morning.  Unfortunately I was Shopping and when we're shopping with the wife, there is not stopping and relaxing.
<review# 520,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2011,3/31/2012,58,161,6,9,6>I don't know if it's sentimentality or just plain awesomeness, but I love love love The Bagel Shop.  Side Note: WTF is this Homegrown Baking nonsense?  Who calls it that in Sonoma???I grew up with these bagels and have long held them as the standard to which all other bagels must seek to reach.  They're crispy and chewy on the outside and equal parts dense, chewy, and fluffy (what? how do they do that!?!) on the inside.  Their bagel sandwiches are bomb dot com and I loooooove the specialty schmears.  Most recently my go to Saturday and Sunday AM hangover bagels have been the everything bagel with either the jalapeno cream cheese schmear or the lox and chives cream cheese schmear (though this is best with a spinach bagel...I need to look harder the next time I go in and see if they still exist).  Delish! Oh but just remember - CASH ONLY!
<review# 521,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2010,2/6/2011,90,177,2,5,4>Working directly across the street from this restaurant makes it an easy getaway for a good meal. My dad goes to this restaurant about 4 out of 5 workdays a week. He practically lives there... Not just because the bartender knows how to make the perfect scotch and soda either ;) Certain dishes are beyond amazing, while others, mediocre . The chicken fajitas are superb, along with all the salads and pastas. The calamari is bomb DOT com and their lemonades are like ones I've never had before. The service.... Best I've ever had. The waiter, Ira is the kindest man with a great sense of humor and the couple that owns the bar make you feel right at home.Not to mention, the restaurant itself it quit homey and a cozy place to enjoy a southwestern meal in an appropriate environment. The bar...... After work during the summer, you can find me posted up at the outdoor bar for happy hour :) blended margarita pleeease with salt!
<review# 522,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2010,2/5/2011,54,279,2,5,3>I've been to this restaurant two times in the last month and both times I've been very happy with the service and food. For two people you can get two dishes for under $20. Portions are average, food is very good, fresh ingredients, standard selection. I'm not a Thai expert but overly I really enjoy visiting the Thai House, it is a great spot for a quiet conversation and a good meal. Foods Eaten: Tom Kha Soup Peanut Curry Shitaki noodles (not my favorite, mushrooms were really chewy) Pad Thai
<review# 523,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2010,2/4/2011,43,34,4,9,5>My truck is special. Not like special to me, I mean like special needs, nothing is ever easy, Flint Michigan's finest kind of special. I have made this discovery many times working on it myself over the years, and Jim at Miracle had the patience of the saints dealing with it when I had it in here last month.I'm back today for the final check and last details and they have continued to be motivated and helpful, even after I paid for everything last time. Not like some other shops where after your check clears and they've got your money, suddenly making you happy has fallen off the priority list. I was paying out of pocket for this all, but they were able to help by searching for some used parts to keep the cost down.Miracle was recommended to me by a friend in the auto business, saying that if he needed a body shop it's where he would take his own truck, and now I can see why. Jim is a man of his word, and everyone there has been most helpful. I would not hesitate to come back here if I needed.
<review# 524,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2011,2/3/2011,56,246,14,9,9>Warning: The owners are communists.That's what my neighbor told me when I told him that Flying Goat was my favorite coffee place. I ran into him when he was on his way to Starbucks and he informed me of the Flying Goat proprietors' disturbing political leanings. Commies or not, they make some dang good coffee. I recognize that by enjoying one of their perfect cappuccinos or delicious, flaky (and not overly sweet) cheese danishes, I may very well be supporting the Communist agenda. But, that's a chance I'm willing to take. I'm especially willing to put politics aside on a cold day when an Aztec hot chocolate sounds particularly inviting.As a side note, my neighbor may be a touch paranoid. But don't tell him I said so. I'd hate to end up on some "watch list." (Note: Be aware. The parking enforcement posse is ALWAYS trolling around right outside. Don't think you can pop in for a quick cup without feeding the meter. THEY WILL GET YOU!!!
<review# 525,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/25/2010,2/2/2011,175,80,9,10,10>Stopped in here for a caffeine fix the other day, and decided to indulge my sweet tooth as well. I decided on a nonfat latte, and a slice of their strawberry rhubarb pie. While the service was great, the pie was a little too much crust and a little too little rhubarb, and the latte was a lot more bitter than usual... Typically, steaming milk gives it a natural sweetness, so that no additional sweetener is needed... I didn't add any sugar to my drink this time, either, but was a little disappointed at the bitterness of the espresso. It almost tasted as though perhaps the beans had been over-roasted.All in all, I'll probably stop back in again, but I'm not overly impressed at this point.
<review# 526,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2010,2/1/2011,108,54,3,7,8>'We appreciate your business". Four simple words that always make me feel like I've spent my money at the right spot. I've been in the market to upgrade my car stereo for a little while and I couldn't be happier that I picked City Car Radio over Best Buy or some other conglomochain. If you've ever been driving through northern Marin and seen a kid in a mustang singing at the top of his lungs that's probably me.  I love singing in the car and now with my sweet new deck from City Car Radio I can pick up all those extra low and high frequencies my old radio didn't even know existed. Thank you City Car Radio for being fair and helpful. I will be back this summer to get my car detailed.
<review# 527,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2011,1/31/2011,147,287,9,14,9>Pint Size is weird - for San Rafael. You get used to going to places like the Mayflower, Flatiron, or (God forbid) Nickel Rose. All "safe" bars, nicely appointed, with stuff going on. Then, I finally - having walked by it dozens of times - popped into the Pint Size to check it out, and was hooked.Marin has dive bars. Mattuccis, Trevor's to name a couple - but they're a different vibe. Always empty, with one or two sad drunks at the bar trying to drown their sorrows. But if you picked the Pint Size up and plopped it down anywhere in the City, be it the Haight or Trendyloin, it wouldn't be out of place at all. Dark and dingy, the pool table always in action, the jukebox belting out the tunes, and a surprisingly good beer selection.Cash only, no booze license - just beer and wine - and the place can be quiet. (More indicative of San Rafael nightlife than it it Pint Size, methinks). All in all, this is my new go-to spot.
<review# 528,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2010,1/30/2011,17,94,6,3,4>Chloe's is going to make me go broke. No, seriously. I've been in Santa Rosa for 8 months, can't get a job, am living off savings, and all I want is a goddamn curry chicken salad sandwich every day. Yes, I would eat one every single day if I could. It doesn't help that Chloe's is a short 3 minute drive from my apartment. Damn you, Chloe's! But who can fault them for making beyond tasty food? I had the Tarragon Turkey once which was really good (awesome dijon mustard!), but it's all about the curry chicken for me. And that sandwich is as messy as a sandwich can get. But I will tackle that thing and gobble it down, crowd or no crowd. I've actually gotten it in my hair while trying to tackle it. I kid you not. And I'm a very neat eater. That's just that kind of sandwich it is. And the pickles! I'm not much of a pickle girl. I'll eat them, but I never particularly enjoy them. But Chloe's pickles are amazing! Sweet and oh so delicious.My boyfriend is a huge fan of two of their vegetarian sandwiches: the Mediterranean and the Sonoma Artisan. He tried the Tuna Niçoise once, but said it didn't quite hit the spot. Something was lacking for him. But no fear, he'll gladly inhale either of the other two along with me any day.Their dessert selections are beyond tempting. I will seriously break the bank if I allow myself to start sampling them. I've had a lemon tart on two occasions, and it was dangerous. Really dangerous. It looks tiny, but it is one hefty little tart.The service is great. All of the staff are really friendly and they usually bring you your order really fast even when it's crowded. I'm not really sure what people have against the location. Yes, it's in an office building, so it sort of resembles a cafeteria. OK. Do they serve cafeteria-style food? Hell no. So get over it and just eat your food.
<review# 529,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2010,1/29/2011,67,79,1,5,5>Cultural landmark Taqueria Mexican Grill de Marin will close later this year to make way for a new structure of College of Marin (which already has many new or renewed structures).  Yes, we have too much money 2.The Taqueria's signature offering is their burrito. We buy take-out burritos from here, where we see working class Latinos lined up to order burritos, and we assume the Taqueria's burrito must be good because the guest workers from Mexico can compare it to the burritos they eat in Mexico.Only after diligent cultural research did we learn the burrito is not commonly available in Mexico.   Mexican migrants regard this offering as an exotic delicacy, a reward -- like discovering gold at the end of the rainbow in California.So, College of Marin, cut the corner out of your new building and celebrate the cultural landmark, Taqueria Mexican Grill De Marin.Thank you for your support..
<review# 530,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2010,1/28/2011,123,1032,3,6,3>A visit to this place is unlike your typical shopping experience. Goods piled from floor to ceiling, the feeling is relaxed, unhurried, and most interesting of all -- trusting. You feel very respected when you come in, like you're more than just a revenue source. Case in point, when I recently stopped by to browse the owner pulled out multiple pieces of jewelry and then actually left me with them and went to the back to get more. He didn't put them away or anything, just told me that he'd be right back. When I said I wasn't going anywhere he smiled and pointed to a sign above that reads: Shoplifting is Non-virtuous and Leads to Bad Karma. I smiled. Truly Buddhist.The wares they have on sale here are mostly clothes and jewelry. They also have incense and other Buddhist items. If you want Tibetan, this is the real deal. The owner can tell you about everything in the store, and he'll usually offer you some herbal tea while you browse. Great place.
<review# 531,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2010,1/18/2010,87,152,5,8,9>I came in sick, left feeling better, and 3 treatments later I'm good to go.  Dr. Yen Wei Choong is the Yellow Emperor!  The doctor carries an extra large selection of Chinese herbs.  I've been to other acupuncturists but never seen herbs to this extent.  I have yet to use his custom made herbal steam table I hear is unique to the land.  He makes this great tasting "vocal bug juice" tea which was originally developed for Jerry Garcia as he was his personal acupuncturist in the day.  After a treatment, I find myself just hanging out and sucking this stuff down cup after cup after cup after... They're so nice.  They just smile.
<review# 532,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2009,1/17/2010,40,177,1,9,7>What can one say about The Farmhouse?  Other than having a slightly challenging left turn (if coming from Highway 101), and perhaps another slight challenge with parking (heels and loose gravel is not the best combination); once you get inside, it is everything a Michelin rated restaurant should be.The staff is attentive, but not over bearing.  Andreas Willausch, the Maitre d' will welcome you warmly and once seated the rest of the room seems to simply disappear.  Be sure to check their extensive wine list, many excellent wines are available by the glass and half bottles, and take advantage of Master Sommelier Geoff Kruth's knowledge.  He will not lead you astray (or to the most expensive bottle on the list); but he sure does know his stuff; and how to pick the right wine to compliment your meal.We started with the Seared Hudson Valley Fois Gras, perfect.  Followed by Duo of Berkshire Pork and Rabbit Rabbit Rabbit.  The chef outdoes himself with both perfection in preparation and beauty on the plate.I'm a big fan of cheese, and the selection is great.  I simply let them pick out some for me; again flawless choices.  It's like they know you from the moment you walk in.  LindySez: It's a wonderful experience, one that you won't soon forget.  So if you are having a special occasion, or just want to experience a wine country restaurant at it's finest, visit The Farmhouse.
<review# 533,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2009,1/16/2010,96,27,7,12,9>Disclaimer: I have a lot of nostalgic love for Scotty's as i grew up shopping here. Some of the cashiers have been bagging goods for decades. Their hot prepared food is SOOO yummy (try the mac n cheese and you will be overwhelmed by every creamy mouthful of flavor) but it is a tad pricey. Their bread, called Dominics, is unbelievably good. I go for the sourdough every time. Sandwiches are worthy of their county wide acclaim. The homemade soups-which unfortunately they only sell in the frozen section now-are superb. They have way better produce than Safeway, and if you catch a bargain it won't be more expensive. For staples etc...you can usually save mucho dinero going to a big chain, but ain't that the truth everywhere...
<review# 534,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2009,1/15/2010,53,182,3,10,3>When we lived in the Central Valley of California, we heated our home with a wood-burning Lopi wood stove; a lot of people did and still do.  The Central Valley is a place where wood is abundant and so it makes sense.When we moved to Santa Rosa, we purchased a new home with a zero-clearance fireplace which meant that we could burn wood in it, but we certainly couldn't depend on it to heat our home.For the first ten years, we had nightly fires in the fireplace, roughly from about Halloween Eve until the first part of April.  They were crackling fires, romantic in scope and mesmerizing for our kitties, BUT, very inefficient, smoke spouting, and frankly, DANGEROUS.Last summer, we decided to replace our zero clearance fireplace with a gas insert.  We had thought about it before, but the "look" and "ambience" of a real fire had not been perfected in the gas fireplace niche market.  Last year, we saw some gas fireplace inserts with convincing flames and embers, and decided to investigate.We took three weeks of going to various fireplace insert stores, all of which were located in Santa Rosa.  We had in our mind what we wanted, we knew it was out there someplace, and we wouldn't being swayed into buying something we didn't like.Malm Fireplace Center was our sixth stop and the moment we began looking at their quality offerings, we knew that Malm was the place from where we would buy our new insert.  Our sales person was friendly and knowledgeable.  Although price was certainly a criterion, it was third in importance to efficiency which was our priority and ambient reality which was our second.While other fireplace centers advertised reasonable prices, it was not until we started talking the nitty gritty that we realized that the cost of installation was an "over and above" cost.  Not so with Malm.  The price you are quoted is the price you pay.We chose our unit and it was ordered, received, delivered and installed in under two weeks.  When our original chimney duct work was removed to make way for the new, we were shocked.  It had two inches of soot buildup on the inside walls and was a flue fire waiting to happen!  It was a tragedy in the making.  We are so grateful that we made the switch before the inevitable.The installers arrived on time, layed down protective drop cloths, and completely cleaned and vacuumed before leaving. The only extra option we purchased was a wall mounted thermostat so that the insert could automatically turn off and  on.  Well, when the fireplace insert was installed ... WE TURNED OFF THE FURNACE.All last winter we were toasty warm in the main part of the living room, dining room and kitchen, and our bedrooms were a cool and refreshing place to sleep.  It was wonderful!  And if that weren't enough, our gas consumption went down as well.A new winter is upon us and on this chilly, rainy day, we are sitting in our easy chairs, in front of our Malm installed gas fireplace insert, as it's soothing flames chase the chill away.
<review# 535,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2009,1/14/2010,81,202,7,8,8>It is nice to see yet another option for eating in Novato.  La Boulange is the latest addition to the new Hamilton Shopping Center.  They opened just a couple of weeks ago.  Fans of this chain rave about the pastries and breads.  I just stopped in to grab a club sandwich with greens; it looked like they had a good assortment of salads and coffee drinks as well...but since I am already a big fan of Peets (also in the complex), I see no reason to ever get that here.The club (with side of spring mix greens) was ok...not really $9.50 okay, considering that Boudin SF in The Village has a much tastier version for a couple bucks less.  Next time I go back I think I might want to be more adventurous and get one of their warm, opened face sandwiches.  Service was pretty quick during the lunch rush.
<review# 536,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2009,1/13/2010,39,179,7,11,6>I don't know what to say. I rarely feel this way. It's... foreign to me to say this so soon in a relationship but...I REALLY love this place. Really. LOVE. This place.From the big-ass flat-screen television that is so perfectly placed that it can be both engaging and invisible depending on your preference, to the gorgeous curve of the bar to the lighting to the windows to the... everything. This place was designed to be here for the ages. And it operates as though it has been.Less than a week of being open to the public and it's running like it has been around for a year. And even if it isn't, appearances are everything, and you can't tell as a customer. THAT is amazing. The service? Smooth. Silky even.The drinks? Classics are available, innovations offered, and the wine list is solid. The cocktail menu is a little short, but I can bet that if you don't see it, the talent behind the bar can make it and make it good, even if you just name your booze and a flavor profile. Additionally, they have a comprehensive selection of bottled beers, and three on tap that cover the bases.The bartenders. No amateurs here. Quite refreshing. Everyone I watched tonight was on point, and I received me some excellent service from the bar manager Ryan.The food. Ah, the food.Wait. Hang on. I need a moment.The food is silly-good. The mussels were perfect. Lagunitas Pilsner used to balance the salt and savory of the broth, a nice grip of onions resting at the bottom of the bowl... And the portion was HUGE. A+. The squid? Again, a GIANT portion for the price, and the flavor... Damn. Smoked paprika and chorizo melding together to make this amazing liquid (ask for dippy-dippy bread) that coats perfectly coated rings of refreshingly un-breaded squid rings and tentacles. I give this one just an A because it should come with some crusty grilled focaccia. But still. A? That's some impressive squid.The sorbet duo I had for dessert was maybe a dollar overpriced, and could have used a tiny tea cookie, but those are little issues to have with something so refreshing and flavorful. I was told the sorbets are made at sister restaurant Syrah, and I must say, they're well-crafted; on par with Ciao Bella. And YES, I am naming a gelato/sorbet brand you can buy in the store, but it's a f'ing stellar product so it's a compliment.To be balanced, my two complaints.The focaccia (and I'm not EXACTLY sure what they serve qualifies) is crumbly and granular. The mouth-feel isn't pleasant when a piece is soaked in a broth, or even just taken with olive oil. I want spongy. I want a little chew. I want airy. I'm sure they'll tweak it, and if they don't, I'll still eat a grip of it every time I'm in. It's not bad, but it's just... bread.The bar stools. The backs of these things only go up to... the tailbone. Lean back and you might (see: probably will) find yourself on the ground. They're fantastic looking, and can even be raised and lowered to your comfort (BAD-ASS), but more than a half-hour in one of these stools, and you notice the lack of support.I just have to say. I was incredibly impressed by Jackson's, and will admit that while I walked in with some expectations, I got my socks knocked off. I recommend you check this place out. It's not going anywhere. A new restaurant on that block that is actually GOOD? Cause for cheer. A new restaurant THIS good? Cause for celebration.
<review# 537,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2009,1/12/2010,26,112,5,5,5>LOVE LOVE LOVE Bobby's cafe!Note, i've only had breakfast but lets be real-- Breakfast is the most important meal of the day, right? Bobby's nails it!I've had the strawberry-stuffed-pancakes twice now, with apple sausage on the side. My husband SWEARS by the eggs benedict on Sundays. The corned beef hash was also super tasty.The staff were nice, always quick to refill and helpful when making selections.why minus one star? I wish I could just use my debit card. I do appreciate them having a ATM in the back-- quite useful.. while my bank doesn't charge me ATM fees-- a lot of my friends banks do, so its a bother.I actually wish i could just remove a 1/2 star.. not 1 full one for that issue alone. Still a fantastic place that I will continue to go to, and to bring swarms of friends there too!
<review# 538,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2009,1/11/2010,141,176,5,4,4>I wrote this to a yelper and decided to add it as an update ...My roommate and I just happened to go to Lee's yesterday. He tried the sandwich with barbecued pork. He said the meat was a little greasy just the way he liked it. Honestly he ordered it because it was cheap (3.50). He said it had a bit more bread for his liking but he couldn't complain for such a cheap meal. They offer it in pork, bbq pork, chicken, and ooooh, I forgot I think something else. The other reason my roommate liked it was because it had cucumbers on it. He says he loves cucumbers. I told him I would add the hoisin sauce (they have it at every table, it's the brown sauce in the squeeze bottle), I love it with pork. He added it and said it was really sweet! I was like duh, it's hoisin sauce!I ordered the beef soup. My roommate never having come here tasted it and really liked it. He said it was delicate (paralleled it to Simply Vietnam) and remarked he was glad there was no MSG in the food. He claims he can taste it. I told him MSG gives me migraines and I believe there is no MSG in the food here because I've never gotten a migraine after eating here.Then he picked up a little squarish shaped bottle and asked "What's this?" "That's MSG loaded sauce." I replied.He stared at it with a horrid look on his face and wondered aloud "Why on Earth ..." I explained that a lot of people like that sort of thing and over in Asia a lot of people use it as a seasoning, it's got a lot of salt and msg. At least that's what I believed was in the bottle.God, I still need to remember to try the Salted Lemon drink.
<review# 539,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2009,1/10/2010,174,143,5,5,6>It could have been the fact that we were really hungry. It could be the fact that I'm pregnant and everything tastes great. It could be that Celia's is just really really awesome. I'm going to go with all three on this review. Sunday night is fajita special night and boy, did we take advantage of the $2.00 off the regular priced menu. Tons of steak, chicken and shrimp served sizzling to the table, hot tortillas, beans and rice! We split one fajitas meal between the two of us and it was more than enough. Service was quick and friendly, exactly what we were hoping for.
<review# 540,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2009,1/9/2010,108,54,4,4,4>Oh Yet Wah you and I have some great memories together. To you they probably didn't mean a whole lot but to me those times were special. Thank you for being open late so that my friends and I had a place to eat when no one else would take us in. You were so kind to let us bring in an ultimate bucket from coldstone because man did we need that cake batter ice cream. Thank you for letting my band play so that my parents would have an opportunity to see me on stage without having to worry about weird teenagers with too many wristbands with too few social skills. As you can tell I'm a big fan of Yet Wah. The food is good and the staff is always super friendly and willing to go the extra mile for you. I like Yet Wah because I can feel comfortable taking someone I want to impress without too much pressure and without breaking the bank. That being said you will pay more for Yet Wah's brand of Chinese food but I say live a little, you can't take those extra dollars with you to the grave.
<review# 541,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2008,3/10/2009,248,493,8,8,8>Me & My Bratty went to go see a Man about a Pumpkin yesterday. Upon entry to the Glass Pumpkin Harvest, you see the most whimsical sight possibly ever in life. A vast lawn of multicolored, glistening, glowing, beautifully pleasing paths of pumpkins. We two are pumpkin pals, and so this was a pumpkin heaven. There are so many lovelies to choose from, you think that you just never will find "yours" because they should ALL be yours - but as Brat will tell you, when you find the right one - you know. Suppose it's like a fine pastry in that way... Many many artists come together here to show off their talents, all of which are gifted. At first, you think a pumpkin is a pumpkin is a pumpkin - but once your eye adjusts, you start to realize that all pumpkins are not created equal. Brat's keen eye picked up on one maker last year, and I have to say - there are no finer wares than his. Nick Leonoff is the pumpkin Artist. He's got a way. When you see his, all the rest become the "other" pumpkins. Even if you're not a uber fan of gourds, winter squashes and the like, I highly recommend stopping by, there are glass blowing demonstrations and pie booths to satiate your appetite. And the view will make your soul happy :)
<review# 542,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2008,3/9/2009,199,154,14,19,15>"Let's go to Napa," my sweetie says, "but I don't want to stay in a B&B because I don't wanna talk to anyone at breakfast."Having something of a misanthropic streak myself, as well as an aversion to floral patterns and anything that resembles my granny's attic, I scour the internets for suggestions.Lo and behold, Yelp led me to the River Terrace Inn, and I've gotta say, I was pretty damn happy with this place. Yeah yeah yeah, it's in downtown Napa so you got your Wal-Mart and KFC and taco trucks nearby. And the exterior wasn't the MOST glamorous, but it wasn't as bad as some folks make it sound. Where the River Terrace Inn excels is where it really matters: the ROOMS! They were large, super clean, and tasteful (albeit in a corporate kinda way). The bed was HUGE and comfy, and the bathroom was dope! Jacuzzi tub and dual shower heads made bathtime funtime! I also liked the flat screen TV and DVD player. The River Terrace has a complimentary DVD lending library, and they have a good selection too, with something for everyone. We slept in too late to have the complimentary breakfast, but I thought it was a nice touch and another way in which the River Terrace provides excellent value for money.Staff was laid-back, funny, and helpful too. If you, like me, detest typical frumpy b&b decor and don't feel like chatting with strangers over your morning coffee, I definitely recommend this spot. For the money, it's an excellent choice.
<review# 543,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2008,3/8/2009,298,160,10,14,12>Date #1. We started out at Rye Bar in the Tenderloin, doing shots of chilled tequila and drinking my patented "beergaritas" (tecate, lime, salt, you know the drill).It was a beautiful night, so Date #1 decided to whisk me off to Cavallo Point (never heard of it, never really ever get to Marin). We got there from the Tenderloin in less than 15 minutes (I told Date #1 that I liked fast cars...he took me literally). We got there around 10:00 and the place was fairly dead. Most of the couches on the front veranda were free, and since it was such a nice night, and the veranda offered such a great view of the GGB, we chose a comfy couch underneath a heat lamp. The service was slow and steady. The waitress gave us some time to look over the menu, but really we were just chatting and giggling. We opted for a chewy wine and that we got. Points for service when I jokingly asked the waitress if she could bring us a blanket, and she came back minutes later with a plush throw. Two glasses of wine, a creme brulee that was to die for, and a view of the GGB on a lovely clear night. All in all a pretty choice first date.
<review# 544,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2008,3/7/2009,399,555,18,19,18>I love finding out about lesser-known wineries that are off the beaten path. Homewood embodies this perfectly, as it's run by a good ol' boy with long blonde hair and a bright red nose, who is passionate about his wines and does not advertise. It's a strictly word-of-mouth place. They have an outdoor tasting gazebo for larger groups and offer a really nice (complimentary) tasting of their entire collection. Aside from the robust aroma of cow dung hanging in the air, this was a marvelous discovery for me. I'll be back for more Pinot Noir.
<review# 545,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2008,3/6/2009,521,497,6,9,11>A nice place to stop for last minute picnic eats.  Think of it as a mini-Whole Foods with the "small-town, everyone-knows-your-name" feel.  The employees were friendly and helpful. Lots of super fresh produce and vegetables, naturally raised meats, and a decent wine selection.  Not cheap, but quality stuff.  Would've loved to try their BBQ had we not already had lunch plans.  Every town should have one.
<review# 546,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2009,3/5/2009,136,456,10,14,13>I really DO know about all the desserts before they come out haha.Hooray for cuppycakeness! Giving me a reason to go to Napa, oh but they deliver =D  And they're on Facebook! Following info straight from their website:"$2.75 each or $30/dozen         Bakers Dozen Club: Buy 12 dozen,       get your 13th dozen free!                          FLAVORS:SnikerdoodleVanilla cake, cream cheese frosting swirled top to bottom with cinnamon-sugar! Tastes just like the cookie!Knock Your SOX Off!Moist vanilla cake, bavarian cream filling topped with rich chocolate ganache. Boston Cream Pie anyone?Pinking of YouMoist vanilla cake with pink buttercream frostingOoh La LaDelicious red velvet cake with traditional cream cheese frostingThe Sky is Falling!Oh Chicken Little! Moist chocolate cake, white chocolate mousse filling and rich chocolate frostingBlack Cherry JungleMoist chocolate cake, black cherry frosting and a cherry on top!Bugs BunnyCarrot cake topped with cream cheese frosting (no nuts or raisins...just carrots!)Pink ChampagneOur version of the Kir Royale!  Fresh raspberry cake with champagne frostingLimonataLovely lemon cake topped with fresh strawberry frostingSnowballCoconut cake with cream cheese frosting and a sprinkling of coconutChocolateaseMoist vanilla cake with our rich chocolate frostingPeanut Butter RippleRich chocolate cake piped high with decadent peanut butter frostingOver the MoonRich chocolate cake with pink vanilla buttercream and a sprinkle of starsIrish Car BombNamed after the famous drink...Rich chocolate Guinness cake with Irish Cream frosting!Thanks a LatteChocolate espresso cake with espresso cream cheese frosting, topped with a chocolate covered espresso bean! Warning: Caffeine overload!!!
<review# 547,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2009,3/4/2009,27,58,6,9,7>This place has done it right.  With only a handful of tables, it's small and cozy.  The interior's character matches the small-town feel of Penngrove.I have been here three times so far, and each time has been great.  The menu is always slightly different, and although there are only a few choices, it's still hard to choose!  My favorites are the "blue balls and handmade ketchup".  You can't beat beef and pork meatballs stuffed with Point Reyes blue cheese!  For an entrée, two generous pork chops with apple cranberry compote are perfect.  If that isn't enough, an awesome piece of pie puts it over the top.Most of the food they serve is local.. just the way a place like this should be.Can you make me dinner every night?
<review# 548,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2009,3/3/2009,225,228,4,9,5>On a rainy afternoon, I had a massage at Casa Madrona and it was heaven.A friend and I arrived about thirty minutes early so we could enjoy the steam rooms.  The service when we arrived was wonderful and welcoming.  We were given our shoes and a small tour of the facility so we could get around more easily.After using the Men's steam room for about 20 minutes, I was ready for my massage.  They have a very relaxing waiting room so your massage therapist will come find you there.  I relaxed and had some water and read magaizines until my massage. My only complaint would be that the area where the massage's are given is not in the same area as the lounge and locker rooms.  We had to walk outside and up some stairs to the massage area.  It was raining so it was a little uncomfortable in a robe.  This also provided a problem as I was wearing a rather tight robe, I do belive it was intended for a small woman (yes, it was quite funny to observe).We reached our room and Sean was my therapist.  I was not concerned with female or male and I am glad that Sean was available.  He did a wonderful job and really worked out my problems.  I had been having some problems with my upper back from the gym and he really worked on that area and I felt completely relaxed after.  My massage was an hour and worth every minute. Sean escorted me down to the locker room and the locker room essentials were all there for use.  It's a smaller location but it was not crowded so that worked to my advantage.  Afterwards, I waited in the lounge for my friend to complete her massage and the music was so soothing and the water was nice and cold. I would love to go back and get another massage as I had such a great experience and we should all do something nice for ourselves every now and then.
<review# 549,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2009,3/2/2009,117,138,9,11,12>The hotel was nice. When you first walk in the enterence is very charming. There is a fire place running on a stormy day and smelt and felt so good! The rooms were a great size and were decorated very modern with a few antique looking things. The shower sucked, and the spa was closed. (not the day spa, but the pool spa). The bartenders in the lobby bar were not very friendly, maybe they were to busy, and the waitresses in their resturant were worse. We had breakfast there one morning and my boy friend and I split one meal. The waitressed asked if we wanted Tabasco sauce with the eggs but we finished the eggs before she brought  it to us... It took her 30 minutes to bring the bill to our table and the table next to us (and they were not even busy that morning). I only left her a $1 tip... but the service wasn't even worth that dollar... They did have very good homemade English muffins.Okay back too the Hotel. The bellmen and the doormen were very kind. They had a ghost playing the piano in the main lobby area. o best part was; we got a free bottle of wine! I would rather stare at the hotel then stay there a night... I am only giving it a four star because it was a nice weekend with my boy friend and I!
<review# 550,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2009,3/1/2009,149,196,8,8,8>Artesa has satellite tasting room that is part of a cute little complex of buildings where they sell weird art, ceramic dogs, and violet-flavored marshmallows.  It shares the tasting building with another winery.Artesa did something I appreciated, which set them apart from other wineries on my wine tour.  It was $5 for the tasting fee (applied to your purchase), but they paired some of the wines with cheese samples, as well.  It enhanced the experience greatly!And I'm not just saying that because I want to marry cheese and have delicious little cheese babies.Knowledgeable, fun, cheesy.  I liked most of the wines.  I'd go back.
<review# 551,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2013,8/31/2013,108,62,,7,1>Lovely, warm, charming and delicious. At restaurants like this, I crave relaxed, flattering, sexy lighting and Odalisque more than delivers. Great urbane and sophisticated ambiance: you feel like you're in the city in the best way. The place is bustling with attractive people, well chosen art on the walls, and possesses a fun, but not overwhelming, energy. And despite that it was a full restaurant, the noise level was perfect for conversation. We sat at the beautiful bar and enjoyed the delightful company of the friendly and knowledgeable bartender. Crab cakes were tasty and crispy, the pork belly was a satisfying melt in your mouth mixture of savory and sweet. Fried artichoke hearts were a surprisingly good treat. We chose too many fried options (we were there for drinks and apps only) but everything was great and we will return for dinner very soon.
<review# 552,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2013,8/30/2013,156,1159,,6,2>Hey Michelin guide!  Give Sante back a star.My wife & I had the 4 course prix fixe dinner.  In a word: Exquisite.All dishes were absolutely delicious.  Even though the portion sizes looked small and precious, appearances were deceptive as we were quite full at the end of the meal.Service is young, energetic, knowledgeable & always nearby without being intrusive. Wine list is fairly small.  And it is presented on an i-pad, though the food menu is a hard cover paper book.My small dislike:  The walls are painted black. Dramatic?  Sure, and the place is too dark after the sun goes down.  A black room does not induce a happy appetite. Prices are high. Our dinner for 2 was close to $300 / gratuity included.
<review# 553,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2013,8/29/2013,29,109,1,1,1>Ask for Robert. He is the BEST tasting associate I've had anywhere. There wine is pretty good, especially considering the production level. We enjoyed a handful of the wines and took home four bottles. Half of that was because we enjoyed the wines and half of it was because Robert was amazing and we had to buy from him. He gave us a brief history, knew wine very well, was an old wine club Member at my prior winery...great guy. We asked him to recommend some wines for us to taste since we had never been there so he asked us what we typically drink and some of our favorite varietals to get a better sense of our tastes. Great recommendations by him - the pinot was good and even better was the sagrantino and montepulciano. If you like sweet, the moscato is delicious and they have a late harvest aleatico that you can get as a shot in a chocolate cup. Great experience, mostly because of Robert. He's the best!
<review# 554,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2013,8/28/2013,0,23,,1,1>Been going for a while, but finally got around to writing a review.  Great place to go with the whole family-  our kids range from ages 8-1.  The kids always enjoy their food, and especially the game room.   Plenty of big screen TV's so you can enjoy the game.  The wait staff is always friendly and courteous.  The French Dip and Grilled Ahi Tuna salad are our staples and always delicious.  The owner or manager makes himself visible and checks on all guests.   He even chased us down when we forgot our sunglasses!
<review# 555,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2013,8/27/2013,34,226,,12,4>This place is amazing!Have been taking my two Himalayans here for years- for grooming, nail trims, and boarding. I've never had a complaint about this place, and my cats are always well- taken care of.For the nail trims, you can drop -in, which is great for me while I'm running errands on a Saturday morning. One of my boys is not the best- behaved, but the staff at Cat's Cradle never complain, and only have nice things to say about them.Skinny, my older gentleman, has been going through allergy problems, causing his skin to be very itchy. We've put him on a treatment and diet that works, but Cat's Cradle has been very gentle grooming and handling him, and I thank them for that. They were even able to recommend an allergist, which turned out to be a great resource.In October we went out of town for two weeks, and had the boys boarded. They were on a strict diet (because of Skinny's allergies), and I was very specific they could not change. Cat's Cradle did a great job monitoring his food, and they also gave him ear medicine while were gone. When we picked the boys up after two weeks they were perky and bright- not the usual demeanor they have when coming home from the groomers. This leads me to believe they were well taken care of, and had a good time which can be hard for Fatman- a tough customer.Every time I go in there the staff is great. They always ask how we are doing, and they tell me how much they love our cats (I know, they probably say that to everyone, but they are pretty loveable). The people there really do love animals and enjoy working there. I would not hesitate to refer a friend.
<review# 556,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2013,8/26/2013,90,112,6,11,9>After a recent visit to Thailand, I have acquired a strange craving for Thai food. Yelp came to my rescue and this time it brought me to Thai Time, an eatery that was small, cozy but nonetheless inviting. The atmosphere was intimate with blue napkins, white tablecloths and walls were of a bright red. They were adorned with paintings of flowers which I didn't think blended well with the overall ambiance.Right from the outset, I found it odd that the common words found in a Thai menu like "prik", "khing", "krob", "laab" were nowhere to be seen in TT's menu. Maybe TT may not be authentically Thai since its food was categorized as "fusion". Undaunted, we opted to stay as I was certainly in the mood to treat my taste buds to an assortment of Thai flavors viz. sour, sweet and salty and I will add spiciness into the mix. The menu items all had fancy non-Thai names and we decided to go along with them.The first fancy entree that caught my attention was SUMMER ON FIRE ($12.00). It sounded like it was their signature dish, as I have not seen this elsewhere. The description in the menu was more down to earth and I quote "stir fried.....in dried curry sauce". It didn't look like dried curry at all but was a big bowl of "very wet" red curry with an assortment of veggies bathed in half and half milk. My hunch was some kind of shrimp paste was added, as it was soooo aromatic and tasty. I must say that by blending regular milk with Thai curry paste, it made the curry reduction so distinctly and uniquely Thai. Had I known that Summer on Fire was a bowl of curry, I probably wouldn't have ordered another red curry entree "ROASTED DUCK CURRY" ($17.00). I thought I duplicated my order of curry but as it turned out, the taste was quite different. Personally I would single out pineapple chunks from the rest of the veggies like green beans, bell peppers, zucchini etc as pineapples go really well with duck adding a little sweetness and sourness to the curry. The duck fillets were lean and not fatty like the roasted ducks in a Chinese restaurant. I had my doubts about the CALIFORNIA NOODLES ($12.00) thinking it must be Thai stir fried noodles with a California twist. Wrong! It was actually authentically Thai's  "Pad Kee Mow" or popularly known as Drunken Noodles. There were two differences though. Pad noodles or skinny noodles (as in Pad Thai noodles) were used instead of the big fat noodles and BACON (TT's original) was added to the stir fry. So... it seemed funny, but did bacon make this dish Californian? Anyway, the bacon stole the show and it wasn't as greasy as I intially feared.Finally, the piece de resistance was the quintessential Thai dessert "STICKY RICE WITH MANGO" ($5.00). I am not usually a fan of Asian desserts but TT's green colored sticky rice was eye catching. As explained by the owner, he uses pandan leaves to flavor the rice besides coconut milk. Quite by coincidence, I first learnt a day ago about pandan leaves from a knowledgeable yelper Leah C.. Pandan leaves have a unique, sweet aromatic flavor and are commonly used in South East Asia to enhance their desserts. None of the other Thai restaurants that I know of has taken this extra step to add pandan flavoring. Even the mango deserves special mention. It was just ripe and had a bright golden color and delicately sliced and presented like a fan. The mango had a soft but firm consistency, not fibrous at all and amazingly sweet. I was informed that this species (Champagne mango) is now in season and available mostly in Asian stores.The owner who was also our server was very personable and helpful in explaining the different spices and ingredients used in his restaurant. His warmth and personal touch definitely made a big difference to the otherwise wet and dreary weather outside.
<review# 557,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2013,8/25/2013,57,20,2,2,2>It might be a little passé , but this place has got me honing my inner Drake. I know this place is un petit hipster, so I'll keep my mainstream talk to a minimum. I have to give credit when it's due, and I think he said it most eloquently when he said: "I say you the you the best you the you the best you the you the best you the you the best you the best i eva had best I eva had best I eva had"So that song might not be exactly about coffee, but Flying Goat Coffee has certainly gotten me sprung. (Sprung (n)- the state of obsession often mistaken for love.) I've had a lot of coffee in my life thanks to exams, work, and late night shenanigans, so I'd like to think that I can tell when coffee is good or not. The beans are roasted to perfection to bring out the complex notes in your cup. It's a harmonious blend between the subtle fruity flavors and the sweet caramel-y and the nutty undertones of the coffee. I prefer the robust and full bodied flavors commonly found in dark or french roasts. The coffee here delivers every single time. Every cup is made with care, the quality never fails even on a busy day. The reason I love this place is because the character of the coffee still remains even in the lattes. The sweetness of the syrups and creaminess of the milk doesn't mask the complexities of the bean-it complements it. Every sip is a symphony that you want to savor. It's the best latte I've ever had. The coffee is organic without being Whole-Foods-In-Your-Face-Organic. Although it has a hipster feel, the baristas are not pretentious and condescending if you don't know what to order. The wine country setting provides the perfect attitude you should have when frequenting this place. Slow down, enjoy the moment, and appreciate the repose from the hectic world around.
<review# 558,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2013,8/24/2013,42,75,1,3,4>What is the Garage? High quality crafts made by skilled artisans for reasonable prices? Yep. Antiquey finds and unique designs? That too...I've been loving on their repaired and restored vintage clothing rack, with hand made skirts using retro fabric and  the myriad of other neato little finds that are tucked away in this homage to localness and all things "re" (recycled, restored, repaired, remade, etc.)Not to mention that the Garage is also dog friendly and people friendly (they actually say hi and give you a nice vibe when you walk in-a social grace that seems to have escaped many of the other storekeepers in Fairfax these days.)Also love the little gardeny nook patio in front, making the space seem particularly welcome, open and inviting.And-as if all of the above is not enough, they have a flea market once a month featuring artfully curated stalls, home baked goods, live music and most wonderfully, adoptable animals from Milo. Just heard they are going to start offering swing dancing on Saturday nights with a live band! Whoohoo!There are clearly brilliant and creative minds behind the Garage and I can't wait to see what they come up with next!
<review# 559,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2013,8/23/2013,222,110,6,8,5>So when you have hair growing in places that don't look so flattering like on your collar, triceps, shoulders and along that neck to back union; you have very little choices as to what you can do and I get tired of constantly having to shave it back so I asked one of my friends a long time ago and she suggested that I get it waxed. So I did and man was it painful, but I had to man up and couldn't show any pain in front of her so the next time she made the suggestion I used someone else and again it was painful. I have now gone 5 times in the last 10 years for this service and recently I decided to try out Ashley's Aesthetics as my friend gave me a gift certificate to get it done along with a facial. I have also had bad experience in the past with facials as well with breaking out after having the service done so I was really putting a lot of trust in her by even going. Ashley was very professional, she had a very nice setup, much better than the previous places I had been to and she has a great personality. As far as the work, well, my face still feels and looks great with no post care breakouts and her waxing was quick and did not leave me terribly irritated so I have to thank my friend for sending me to a knoweledgible and skilled aesthetician because I may have finally found a solution for getting rid of the non flattering Afghan fur.
<review# 560,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2013,8/22/2013,419,792,5,3,4>Had an excellent Brunch here after a nice bike ride through the area.  Had the waffle and it looked delicious.  It was a shame to eat it since it was a piece of art on my plate.  Perfectly round.  Creatively sliced strawberries and tufts of whip cream. I really just wanted to savor the view but my stomach disagreed.   "Eat it" he said.  "Take a bite.  Chew it, savor it.  Whatever!  But then swallow it so that I can get some.  Buddy, your gonna need my help if you wanna ride home."  So i gave in.  I took the bite and it was excellent.   Perfectly ripe berries.  Crunchy and warm waffle.  Yum yum!   Ate the whole thing and wanted to lick the plate.  It was that good.
<review# 561,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2007,11/29/2007,39,196,6,3,7>Um Raul, I will not use any coupons if I see you again. I am sorry I tried to use more coupons than you knew how to read. I am also sorry for the massive line I caused trying to purchase food, litter and sundries for my new Cat!  Aside from the delay in checking out this place has what you need for your pet, it is Petco after all. They have a "snack bar" for dogs (not humans) bulk litter, fish in small plastic things, toys, everything! They also have a grooming place, which I will not use as I have a cat.  They also have a cat adoption on the weekends, I am usually against getting a cat form a pet store, but these cats are brought in just for adoption. They are rescued, spayed/neutered, microchipped and ready for you. We got a great cat yesterday, she has gone between sleeping to excited to baked off catnip for the last 24 hours. She is great.  Thanks Petco, I will look out for Raul though should I need to use a coupon again. You have been warned.
<review# 562,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/6/2007,11/28/2007,88,110,11,11,14>It's a cloudy day at Stinson Beach. Not cold, but definitely chilly. I'm sitting out on the patio at the Sand Dollar - one of a handful of restaurants in this tiny coastal town - sipping a nice glass of zin. The guitar and fiddle players sway back and forth on the outdoor stage. And there I am, my legs propped up on the bench by the table, moving my feet in time with the folky rhythm. "Is that what you're gonna be like when you get older?" My companion asks and tilts his head toward the lead singer, dressed in a flowing skirt and a tunic with no bra.Surprised and maybe a little embarrassed that was enjoying the music so much, I look around at the homely crowd and crack a smile"Maybe," I retorted. "If I don't sell my soul to the corporate world." And that's the kind of place the Sand Dollar is - a place where you can dream about having a goat farm... or being a surfer... or owning a caf... or singing in a folk band.   It's a place where you can entertain your inner hippy, then return to your corporate gig on Monday.
<review# 563,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2006,11/27/2007,276,15,6,6,8>In the Mill Valley restaurant  world, this relative newcomer is a pretty solid alternative for a Thurday or Friday dinner. Although it can be a little cougarish at times (read older women for younger men),  the food is tasty - ribs, onion rings, upscale burgers and an awesome fried chicken entree. It has a great patio and the bar scene is fun for either a standalone drink or waiting for your table. It can be crowded but that is a good sign from a popularity standpoint. This location has turned over many times, but I believe Bungalow 44 will be there for a while.
<review# 564,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2007,11/25/2007,55,53,5,4,4>It usually takes quite a bit to get me to leave the gritty, greasy confines of the mish when contemplating Sunday morning breakfast. This has a lot to do with the fact that said "breakfast" usually takes place at 1 o'clock in the afternoon and has more to do with hangover salvation than simply eating. Two mimosas are a part of this balanced breakfast.That said, an update of my review of the beloved Pork Store Cafe on 16th street had me stumble upon a sponsored link for Fred's as a recommendation. I know what you're thinking, "Sponsored link? Eww. You actually clicked on it?" Aye, I did, because with a 5 star rating based on 15 reviews, it's gotta be a pretty good breakfast, right? So I shelved my hipster cred and got in my car and headed for the bridge.(It should be noted that I was going to be driving to my office in the valley anyhow, and therefore was going to be moving my car from it's parking place regardless. It's doubtful I would have headed if I had no other need to drive. Also, I didn't go out the prior night -- sorry Yelp pub crawlers -- and therefore was well rested and awake at 9:30am for which to undertake such an adventure.)Let's start with atmosphere: Sausalito isn't the place you typically spot lone lower-middle-class hipsters on marina safari. I basically stick out like a gay pride parade in Andalusia, Alabama. But the atmosphere at Fred's was very accepting, or at least disinterested. Fred's isn't a place where people rock the boat with judgment. The reason for this, I think, is mostly because if you want a table and are rolling with anything less than a full crew you're going to end up seated communally with strangers, so you better be prepared to be nice.It should be noted that "Fred" is nowhere to be seen, save a photographic homage and some framed newspaper clippings near the door. The place is operated seemingly by a staff of asian folks who are very nice, and very eager to greet you. They also run a tight ship, and keep the guests revolving through the door efficiently, something that I'm certain is borne out of necessity now that the proverbial "word" is out about the place.On to the food: the coffee is standard fare, but they kept my mug full (a huge bonus right there). I had 2 eggs, scrambled, with French Toast (legendary) and a half-side of bacon for good measure (I didn't want to be caught eating healthy by my hipster brethren, even if it was unlikely to be spotted this far north.)The eggs were so fluffy it was beyond belief (almost too much so) and shaped into a cute little "loaf" on the plate. The sausage was very good (a reminder that mission greasy spoons do have their downsides that we all learn to live with, such as terrible sausage).  However the standout by far was the french toast.  Oh my god, the french toast. It was AMAZING, as it was grilled and then deep fried. DEEP FRIED, jesus, whoever thought of this is my hero. If it was "Fred", then by god he needs a larger photo on the wall.It's not cheap, mind you: this nice breakfast was $11.80 with tax and it was less food than I could have sat down to for $6.95 in the city. Add in the extra $5 city re-entry toll on your way back across the bridge, tip, and those fantastic slabs of deep-fried bread are about five bucks a piece. But it's that good. Really.Minus one star because there are no mimosas to be had. If this place were in the city, it would have beer taps. Sadly, Sausalito doesn't quite do it like we do. But it's actually damn good thing that this place isn't closer, or else I would weight 200lbs by September.
<review# 565,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2007,11/24/2007,975,606,5,10,6>oh gosh.  dare i say it?  pearl's is the best burger i have ever had...IN MY LIFE!first the onion rings came out and they were light and crispy with almost no grease.  inhale...GONE!then the burger came out.  the mini was the perfect size for me...or so i thought!  one bite of burger heaven and i wish that i had chosen the larger phat burger.  inhale....GONE!this is how it all went down (into my tummy!):the patty was grilled just right - slightly charred and crispy on the outside, yet still juicy and succulent on the inside.  no overspicing or peppering of the ground beef to take away from the beef essence.  the toppings were perfect - fresh sturdy romaine lettuce and melted cheddar cheese, hearty slice of tomato.  my way is with mayo and ketchup, all wrapped with love within in a crispy on the inside, soft on the outside sesame seed bun.the only problem is that, like momma says, inhaling is bad for digestion!  and you know i can't get enough of a good thing, so it's only 2 days later, and i am already heading out to pearls in nob hill!  stay posted...
<review# 566,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/6/2007,11/23/2007,58,38,1,5,5>I would actually give it 3.5 stars if give the opportunity by Yelp....Hamilton Cafe and Wine Bar is located on the old Hamilton Army base that is now a fairly hellish cookie cutter development. But luckily the cafe is in the area where all the charming old Spanish style buildings that were built by the army in the 1930's are located, with palm tree lined streets that are actually quite pretty.The Cafe is comfortable and basic inside, which pretty much also describes the food. Everything we had was good, but nothing was too exciting or particularly interesting. Good spaghetti with large tender meatballs, a nice lamb shank over white beans and greens, and a decent moussaka that needed a lot of salt. The portions were large, and the prices, while not cheap, were pretty standard for the area, with entrees at around $17 to $19. We shared a white chocolate bread pudding for dessert, which was huge and yummy. The deck/ patio area out back looked nice with lots of colorful flowers, and since I'm always looking for places to eat outside, I would come back to eat on the patio and check out the lunch or brunch options.
<review# 567,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2007,11/22/2007,45,118,5,5,3>THE CATERING:  We asked for a quote to cater our wedding.  We love them...food's great, the gal who presented the tasting was smart and asked the right questions, the price is good, and they're flexible enough that you can manage the price by adding home-made food to the menu, which they'll happily serve.  Totally great.--------------------------------------------------­------------------------------THE CAFE:  The food is super.  The staff has the crazy.If you're in Novato at lunchtime, and are not in the mood for a taqueria, Chinese, or fast food, you may think there's no hope of a good, fast, fresh meal.  As your blood sugar slips downward, filling you with dark, hungry thoughts, the siren song of TacoBellPizzaHut may tug at your ear, breathily whispering empty promises of molten cheese and zesty seasoning it cannot hope to fulfill.  Your mind follows the road, plotting the course toward another cheap, unsatisfying meal that will leave you hungry and ashamed during your afternoon budget meeting.Before you resign yourself to this grim fate, I submit for your consideration:  FORKS AND FINGERS CAFE.  An exhilarating and personally-challenging ordering process, fresh, seasonal food, and the logistical test of cash-only dining come together in lovely Bel Marin Keys to save you from your greasy, low-quality ways.  In season, you might choose from verdant and cool marinated asparagus, velvety butternut squash, or sassy chard with pine nuts.  There's a new special every day (which one may have faxed to one's office each morning), fried chicken, beef stew, chicken satay with peanut sauce, and pulled pork, for example, and a number of sandwiches to reaffirm your virility (the flanker, for instance).When you arrive, check your wallet for adequate cash, then go to the far end of the cold case.  While you're in line, select your beverage and inspect the day's fresh salads and sandwich meats.  As you near the front of the line, you should be ready to proclaim your desires to your order taker.  This person is not, as may be commonly believed, there to serve you.  Rather, they've agreed to allow you to order.  Do not mistake your purpose, here...know what you want, say it clearly, and prepare your questions for brief, precise delivery...you have only moments before you will anger your host.  Say, "BBQ Chicken Salad, Extra Sauce."  The maniacs that handle lunch at this place, which is really a catering company that sells food at breakfast and lunch as a service to the community, might be a little off-putting (if you're a sissy).  Do not let this inhibit your enjoyment of the fresh, well-prepared gastronomic delights at Forks and Fingers.  Enjoy them outside on the lawn, watching the office workers slowly return from their shame-filled drive to TacoBellPizzaHut, knowing you've been saved.
<review# 568,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2007,11/21/2007,92,533,4,4,3>I love the very idea of Avatar's. Indian-Mexican fusion? Perfect. It's just like when the first Punjabi farmworkers came to California and married Mexican women because they weren't allowed to bring women with them from India. Except on a plate. And without the weird socio-political implications.Anyway, the food is great. Really interesting combinations, like pumpkin enchiladas.I love the small, random location. I love Ashok, the smooth talking owner who makes you guess the ingredients in the "secret" dishes.I love, love, LOVE the dessert -- mango-rose-kulfi-cheescake goodness. It's incredible.I guess the only reason I wouldn't give Avatar's 5 stars is because every time I've gone there it's been exactly the same. Which is kind of nuts -- I mean, how can Indian-Mexican fusion get old, right? And it's not exactly "old" -- it's still fantastic. But Ashok always has the same lines, the secret dishes on the menu are still secret. It'd be nice to have some more...something.I think this review has proven how spoiled I am by Bay Area dining options.
<review# 569,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2007,11/20/2007,44,194,7,8,9>Zehr Gut, Ich hatte eine ausgezeichnete Zeit.**Please note this review may be difficult to understand if you do not sprechen sie Deutsch,  - me 4  years!  Don't come here. If: - You dislike beer (especially of German kind)- You despise hiking, nature, and redwoods- You loathe sun and picnic benches- You detest card and board games - You abhor cute old men w/ membership privileges Ich hole Deutschen zuruck(Translation available upon request)
<review# 570,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2007,11/19/2007,35,318,1,3,5>The "Dream Team" is comprised of Chris McDonald and Toni Marion.  They are doing the hair and make-up for both me and my bridesmaids for my wedding.  I found them because my photographer knew Chris and highly recommended her.  I have already done a trial run with them and was thoroughly pleased.  Both Chris and Toni were super nice and a lot of fun.  Also, I looked so wonderful when they were done with me.  I brought some pictures of what I was thinking about with my hair and Toni did a great job interpreting what I meant.  Chris, would has been written up in Allure and was really great.  I left with beautiful photographable make-up but I still looked like myself (or what I like to think I look like).  They aren't cheap, but   really are about the same price for others that do similar work.  They are going to come to the hotel where everyone is staying the day of the wedding and get us all ready before we have to go take pictures.  I will update this after September 1st, when I and my bridesmaids have used their services on the wedding day!\Also check out Chris McDonald's webiste: chrismcdonaldmakeup.com
<review# 571,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/15/2008,11/26/2008,120,177,2,3,2>I don't get out of the City very often because there are very few reasons why I should (right, Fremont?).  One of the reasons is to discover quaint little cities like San Anselmo, which has two main streets lined with businesses.  Although the streets are pretty much dead at night, there is a decently vibrant restaurant scene here.  The leader of the pack here is, of course, Cucina.   Food:  4 stars.   The complimentary bruschetta, so flavorful and fresh, was a nice way to start the evening.  UnfortunatelyFor appetizers, we tried the carciofi ripieni (globe artichoke stuffed with prosciuto and parmesan), which was disappointingly bland.  The carpaccio di Zucchini (thinly sliced zucchini with almonds and pecorini) was much better.  I don't like zucchini that much, but the preparation was creative and paired perfectly with the almonds.  The funghi ripieni (Crimini mushrooms stuffed with sausage and fontina cheese) were good if not memorable.  As for the entrees, the highlight of the evening was the gnocchi con pollo (homemade potato dumplings with roasted chicken, fontina cheese, and a touch of tomato), which was lovingly infused with truffle oil.  Orgasmic.  The tortellini al forno (meat filled tortellini in a prosciutto, mushroom and cream sauce topped with mozzarella and parmesan cheese), was good, but paled in comparison to the gnocchi.  I also liked the salmone agrigento (salamon baked in the oven with toasted breadcrumbs) and the orecchiette d'Elefante (chicken cutlets breaded and lightly fried, served over mixed greens with marinated mushrooms and gorgonzola).  For desserts, we tried the zabaglione classico (warm), zabaglione freddo (cold), and chocolate torte.  The cold zabaglione outshone the warm zabaglione, which basically tasted like alcohol (Michael Bauer must have been drunk when he raved about this dessert in his review).  The chocolate torte was decent.  I was not too impressed with some of the wine that we ordered, however.Service:  3 stars.  Initially our server and the host/owner seemed annoyed with us because half of our party was late for our reservation (understandably so, given the small size of the restaurant).  But the server turned it around and practically became our best friend at the end of the night - she gave us spot on recommendations (and was delighted that we enjoyed them).  I dropped the rating down a notch because there is no formal host stand due to the layout of the restaurant.  I basically walked in and found the table myself in the back room without any offer for assistance.Atmosphere:  3 stars.  Although the decor is pleasant, I'm not a fan of the layout of the restaurant, where the waiting area is basically the small space between the main dining area and the wine bar/smaller dining area in back.  You have to squeeze by people in order to get to the restroom, where the floors are a bit greasy (wear shoes with traction or you'll start doing the splits while going #1 like me).  Don't expect too much diversity from the crowd either, which are primarily families.  Additionally, we were the drop of yellow in a sea of white.Hits:  Complimentary bruschetta, carpaccio di zucchini, gnocchi con pollo, zabaglione freddo.Misses:  Carciofi ripieni, zabaglione classico, the waiting area.If You Like This Place, You'd Probably Like:  Jackson Fillmore, Antica Trattoria, Bistro Don Giovanni, Ristorante Bacco.
<review# 572,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2008,11/25/2008,65,35,6,5,7>Well, if I didn't have to rush off after work to go get the lil' ragamuffin, I'd probably enjoy a cocktail here every Friday eve.It's a hidden dive bar at the Travis Marina at Fort Baker - owned by the Air Force. Yep.Side note shout out to the extremely gallant and handsome air force guy that changed my tire on the car I borrowed from my brother when I was 7 months pregnant and not about to get down in the muck and figure out where to put the jack and AAA was being extremely unhelpful what with the transferring me to the NY office and then hanging up on me and was weeping and generally being all 'helpless female' which you know I am rarely like that.Anyway, it has a fabulous view of the bridge from under its eaves, it's dark and cozy, and gruff in a good way.Hey, did you know it's really called Mike's Place?
<review# 573,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2008,11/24/2008,13,77,2,3,2>Leighsa did my wedding--the flowers were fantastic and she was great to work with. See pics!
<review# 574,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2008,11/23/2008,35,219,3,6,6>Want to get away without really having to go far to do so? Well come here for the day. Huge beautiful redwoods, lush green forest. Great place for a hike. Although you cannot picnic here (keeps the park clean of trash) you can bring food and leave it in your car. We went here just last Sunday and the place was really busy. Surprising for a lazy Sunday. But we were able to park our car in the main parking lot. Its $5 to get for anyone 16 and up. But what a small price to pay to see such beauty! The main path is paved and there are wooden decks (boardwalks they called it) so its wheelchair accessible. Wear comfortable shoes if you plan on doing some hiking. I wasn't planning on going hiking so I wore flip flops and was perfectly fine.This park is somewhat hidden, if you try to google a map for it you'll just end up in the middle of Mill Valley, easiest way to get here is go up 101 over the Golden Gate Bridge and exit off of Stinson Beach's Exit. You'll see signs.
<review# 575,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2008,11/22/2008,47,120,,3,3>Great place to go mt biking! I'm still at the novice-INTERMEDIATE stage and I had fun on the Shoreline Trail. No steep inclines, but still some OK hills to sweat on.Beautiful views of the bay. The Shoreline Trail ends up at China Camp Village, which I def think is a place you should check out! Really pretty beach and shoreline. Good place for a picnic (I'll have to go back for that...)My only gripe is that the signs on the trails are pretty bad. They have signs at the entrance and a few more, but there was at least 2-3 V's on the Shoreline trail that did not have signs.  One of them was the V that goes down to China Camp Village, and I happened to go RIGHT which takes you back up on to the hillside. I ended up turning around when I realized I was climbing to much and was able to find my way. I'll DEF go back to this place. The Shoreline Trail is OK for there-and-back (12 mi), but I will try the Bay View trail the next time for more of a challenge.
<review# 576,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2008,11/21/2008,132,377,5,6,5>ICE CREAMBest part of the trip, IMO, so big ups!  Three Twins in the hizzy.  I had the "Stormy Weather" which seems to be the chocolate ice cream with flecks of dark chocolate???  It was freaking fantastic.  Just bumps Mitchell's off the list of #1 for me... CHEESEOkay, so they will tell you in their tour, that US regulations do not allow the full breadth of what cheese can be.  So, within the confides of the US law, they make dame fine cheeses and have a great selection.  PANEER was a fav.  It's a softer version of the Indian original. MOUNT TAM is always nice.  And the RED HAWK, I found a little nasty, but apparently it wins awards and can only come from this location.  COTTAGE CHEESE!!!! Slamm'n good!  Who knew it could be this tasty??TOURIt's not really a tour, as you only go from the register to a bench and table a few feet away.  :)  But, you learn more than you ever cared to know about the founders and about cheese.  Eventually, you get to taste about 6 or 7 cheese yums.  The best part for me (besides eating) was finding out that you shouldn't pack your cheese in plastic wrap... rather, in something more breathable, and then seal it in a zip-lock bag.  Oh, get a reservation.  Somehow, people jump all over these tours of the table.OTHERThey seem to rent out spaces to other vendors in the shop, but they take care about what comes in the shop.  Lots of great little odds and ends to check out.  Great produce as well (small selection, but looks yum).GROUNDS & DELI Nice little yard out back!  Great for sunny days.  Some good menu items (sammies and what not) from the deli to enjoy here or to take with you on your adventures in the area.MOTORCYCLINGGood riding around here.  Most locals are actually kind enough to let you pass!
<review# 577,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2008,11/20/2008,31,194,2,2,2>I was up in San Rafael for weekend duty and it was lunch time, where else was I supposed to go to get a great lunch?!I've been here a couple of times and they never disappoint in quality, quantity, or flavor. I ordered a two item combo plate that consisted of Chicken Tacos al carbon w/beans and rice. I also ordered a chicken quesadilla too. My meal was awesome!I could really go on and on about the food at this place but all I have to say is that everytime I eat here the food is delicious, the chips and salsa are fresh, and the prices are spot on and you get huge portions. I will continue to come back again and again.La comida es la primera cabrones!
<review# 578,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2008,11/19/2008,40,17,6,9,7>Birch Circle did a great job on our move!  We moved from San Anselmo to Novato.They provided all the boxes and packing supplies we needed!!!  You have no idea how much stress that eliminated.We had a ton of crap and on the hottest day of the year, this team hustled.I greatly appreciated their professionalism.  They truly did a great job.Highly recommend.
<review# 579,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2008,11/18/2008,6,91,20,11,14>I loved my experience with Vladimir and his restaurant.  I've been there twice, and both times enjoyed a few drafts and a delicious bowl of borscht.  The drunker we got , the more entertaining Vlad was....after telling the family that walked in he "doesnt serve kids...leave"...he told told two women who walked in, "no no no....no lesbians...no lesbians..." shaking his finger and pointed towards the door - WTF!? LMAO...Watching him walk around the place was painful - old as he was...he told me he was tired and that I looked like a waitress - then made me take a tray of waters over to a table of four.  But, thanks to the ridiculous amount of pints and shots he gave me, I promptly spilled the tray of waters all over me - drenching my entire shirt.  Exasperated, he handed me a mop and made me clean his restaurant.  I can't think of a more hilarious memory as a patron in a restaurant.  If you don't offend easily - Vlad's was truly a unique and great experience.  He recently passed away and I can honestly say that he MADE that place. The food was great, but Vlad was better.
<review# 580,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2008,11/17/2008,144,209,4,4,4>This is a great place. Me and my family have been here 3 times and every time it has been wonderful service and great food.The last time we were here was on Halloween. I booked the table using opentable.com which I also find a big plus if you want to be guaranteed a table.3 of us had the chicken special and it was great!  I veal osso buco and a fresh gnocchi was also delicious. My friend wasn't sure about which sauce to order on the gnocchi and they did a half and half for her which was a nice touch.Great wine list and our waiter suggested a Cabernet that was excellent. I strongly suggest that you check this place out.
<review# 581,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/15/2011,7/29/2011,108,294,3,4,3>Cashed in our (most) of our Living Social deal this evening, and I'd say it was A-OK, but didn't blow my hair back like Pearl's does in downtown Mill Valley.  Let's just say I'm dubious.We got two B-Rads, a Contiki, and a White Trash. Regular fries. Two Mexi Cokes. Only have about 5 bucks left of our LS deal as a result.The burgers were pretty good - maybe a little overdone, but still pretty juicy. The Contiki only had 1/2 slice of pineapple, which I thought was odd since it was clear that a full slice would have fit. It also barely had any teriyaki sauce on it, so I don't think I got the full effect there. Fries were pretty good and fresh. The things that bugged me: the prices and the girl taking orders. She was just unfriendly - pretty brusque, bordering on rude. And for what we paid for our meal here we could have had a better, bigger one at Pearl's, which is MUCH closer to our home. I don't know if the remaining 5 bucks on the LS is going to be enough to draw me all the way back up here. Hmmm.
<review# 582,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2011,7/28/2011,50,34,,1,1>Decent book selection, good coffee...seriously, I had the best vanilla latte EVER here, beer on tap, nice patio, and great atmosphere.  I love this place, go on Thursdays for pint night!
<review# 583,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2011,7/26/2011,155,397,,3,3>Cheap, yummy, with no frills.Great value, they offer brown rice, and there is a good selection to chose from.  Best deal is always lunch.  Fairly quick service if you sit inside. Tend to be forgotten if outside in the patio but if it is a nice day then enjoy the extra couple minutes.Overall, I found a new chinese place in my stomping grounds. :)
<review# 584,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2011,7/25/2011,273,551,8,10,8>$3 movies are great. I don't care what the theater looks like.Wednesday for $10 you can get two tickets, two popcorns, and two drinks. Cheap dates work for me.
<review# 585,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2011,7/24/2011,36,6,2,11,4>Someone asks me who does my hair on a near daily basis. Its all about Barb. If you need a new hair stylist, she is your best bet. If it won't work, she'll tell you. If it can be done, she'll do it... and better than anyone else.Barb Thompson, you are a hair god.xoxo
<review# 586,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2010,7/23/2011,9,169,1,2,2>Paperwhite is such the cutest store! They have great stationary and gifts for anyone. There are so many different things to choose from, and Lisa is very informative and creative in helping you with your personalized stationary. There's so many different items in the store, and things always seem to be changing with what they have in stock. I bought a few personalized stamps for my friends as gifts, and they absolutely loved them! The stamps are inexpensive for being personalized either with your name or return address, and you can also pick out the small picture on the stamp as well.I also chose to have my college graduation announcements done at Paperwhite because I didn't like the style of announcements that my college had chosen. This way, I was able to chose which design I liked best, and I was able to choose what it said. They came out perfectly and everyone loved them!
<review# 587,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2011,7/22/2011,0,2,,7,3>The best coffee in town.. Cool down to earth. They make your drink how you like it! They have a great small outdoor area with toys for the kiddos. so you can actually enjoy your coffee and read Miss Manners while your offspring plays.
<review# 588,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2011,7/21/2011,248,493,8,7,6>Is it too much to ask for the name to change ever so slightly to Jack & Tony's & Katie's??'Cause I seriously want a pice of that. I want to live at this whiskey bar. I could totally curl up in one of the booths for a bed, nooo problem.You walk in to an intimately lit, dark and delicious interior. The bar itself is small and inviting with it's polished wooden glory and comfortable stools.The staff welcome you and right away you are their guest and your wish is their command. We were brought into the dining area, a wall of huge leather booths and tables in the middle. A booth for serious whiskey intake is a MUST. We got the booth.And proceeded to get;The Mac & Cheese- awesomely creamy shells with lucious cheeses and a bit of herb garnish, this was cheesy comfort in a bowl. Th Hushpuppies- So good, nay great, we ordered a second helping. Crispy outter, sweet corn moist inner, these were stellar.The Roasted Beet Salad- with goat cheese and frisee, simple and lovely, a nice lighter dish to go with our richer lovelies.The Spinach, Roasted Mushroom and Bacon Salad- I could have eaten a vat of this. Warm ingredients all came together in such a way that they seemed to literally melt in your mouth. The flavors so right on, it was a pleasure to eat.The Blackened Prawns- Perfectly seared prawns with slightly spicy seasoning and a bit of dipping sauce, these were very so very tasty.Warm bread is never ending if you want it to be and the service is warm and knowledgeable. As for drinks, shit - take your pick. From the best deals to aged, extremely fine scotch, they have all and everything you could ever want in amber alcohol. I chose the mint julep and whiskey sour. Both were amazing in flavor, I love a whiskey sour, and this did NOT disappoint. With a backround of sour cherry, it was so spot on, I wouldn't have said no to two more.I am excstatic to find this complete gem of a restaurant and bar right in Railroad Square, and with any luck, I shall see to it that I am a frequent visitor.I could coin the phrase Kaaatie!, just like a worthy idol- Nooorm! from Cheers ;)
<review# 589,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2011,7/20/2011,1,66,,4,2>Strip malls have gotten a bad reputation over the years.  They are usually associated with small mom and pop stores, nail salons and sandwich shops.  But Due Amici came with excellent reviews, so we decided it was time to give the place a chance.  And are we ever happy we did.First of all, the good was great.  This was a ravioli night as we both the mushroom ravioli and the beef and spinach.  The beef and spinach was very tasty, with toasted hot peppers giving it just enough of a kick.  The mushroom ravioli was served, not in a traditional tomato or cream sauce, but a brown butter sauce and was fantastic.  To finish the meal, we had a piece of chocolate cake that easily fed the three of us.  The server was very knowledgeable, attentive and friendly.  And the owner (I'm assuming he's the owner) greeted us with a hearty hello and a wave of the hand, offering a touch that only a true family-owned establishment can offer.I cannot say this was the BEST Italian food in the Rohnert Park/Cotati area as there are many restaurants and I've not tried them all.  What I can say is, despite its location, Due Amici is worth the trip, and a great place to bring friends and family.In a word.  Loved it.  (two words....)
<review# 590,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2010,7/19/2011,340,166,18,13,17>You can throw a rock from 101 South and hit this theater, probably hitting a Mercedes or two in the process.The rows are wide.  So, if you're looking for that sweet spot in the middle of the theater, expect to walk over about 51 knees to get there.  Wait, what?  51 knees?  No, don't stare.  There must be, oh got it.  I miscounted.  52 knees.I came here to enjoy a viewing of "Red Hill" at the Mill Valley Film Festival last month.  Two months ago, maybe three.  This theater put us right into the opening shots of that dusty one-horse Australian town.  The whole experience was cinematic perfection.  Audio: 5 starsVisual: 5 starsPopcorn and Jr. Mints: Of course.Was that Lars Ulrich from Metallica in the 7th row?  Yeah, it probably was.
<review# 591,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/9/2011,7/18/2011,66,23,3,5,5>Normally this is a nice place to hang out and watch UFC. The food is decent bar food and the beer isn't that expensive. However on this last trip, they let way too many people in!!! There wasn't enough chairs for people to sit down so they had to stand. This would be fine if they didn't block our view of the tv's...but it reality they did...I would add another star if they changed their policy on this. I am sure I will be going back, and I hope when I do, they have lowered their prices on getting in and that they limit the number of people for their regular customers.
<review# 592,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2010,7/17/2011,32,203,8,3,10>Not fancy, not even close.But this place is turning out some fine, authentic, Yucatan dishes -- as good as you'll find in the North Bay.It's Cyrus meets Chitzen Itza.  With a TV.  Check it out.
<review# 593,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2010,7/15/2011,58,161,3,3,3>I've met friends for coffee on their back patio for years now, but have never eaten the food. Well, I have been wasting my 20s, my Southwest frequent flyer rewards, and my calories. All I can say is this: Go eat the duck sandwich right now. Now! I'm not kidding, go this very minute. I'll wait, it means that much to me that you go and experience this full steam ahead deliciousness. Let's add all the components together: crusty sour baguette, not too crispy, not too chewy + medium sliced duck breast, juicy, tender, not gamey at all + Gruyere cheese in a perfect gooey layer over the duck + bitter dressed greens + sweet caramelized onions + tangy mayo + spicy dijon. I'll just say it right now, this is a perfect sandwich. I may start visiting my parents more often just so I can eat this thing over and over again! Yum yum yum. I'm happy just thinking about it.
<review# 594,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2011,7/14/2011,352,403,,4,5>Pretty legit, stacks up well to their Novato location.  I'm a fan of both. Their chips and salsa are always solid.  I can recommend most everything on their menu because I like how they season their Carne Asada, BBQ Chicken and al Pastor.  You really can't go wrong with any of their meats, but those are my favorites.   Vegetarians can also get in on the fun with their Vegetariano Mas Burrito.  Grilled veggies instead of meat, pretty darn tasty too.
<review# 595,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2011,7/13/2011,83,446,,6,3>I just wrote a fabulous review of Charlie Hong Kong and it disappeared off my screen. Just as the food will disappear off your plate. I am a harsh critic of Asian food, and this has won me over in short order. Their specialty is Asian street food: Vietnamese and Thai. They offer bowls of rice or noodles with a variety of toppings. You have a lot of choices when considering all the ways you can combine things. That, to me, is a savvy way to allow for personal choice. They also offer Bahn Mi (Vietnamese sandwiches).I have tried their ginger beef mixed with vegetable thai curry over noodles with peanuts and peanut sauce. It is on the rich side, but if you're in the market for that, a great splurge. I have also tried their Pho and it is delicious. Their blood orange spritzer special is divine. I can't think of any other Asian restaurant in Marin that sings for me like Charlie Hong Kong.
<review# 596,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2011,7/12/2011,8,62,,2,1>For it's size and where it's at, I like this comic shop; the owner is friendly and knowledgeable, the selection of new issues is pretty good, it's just all around a good store. If I had any complaints, it would be that the back issue selection is not the best compared to some other local shops, and the way the comics are put up on the racks are a little horrid for someone like me who likes nice crisp spines on their comics, but aside from those OCD that are really just more character based on my part than anything else, I'd highly recommend stopping by and fulfilling some of your comic shopping needs here.
<review# 597,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2010,7/11/2011,19,2,1,2,1>Good coffee, good people. The coffee is the same as the delicious stuff served at Blue Bottle in San Francisco but thankfully you don't have to go all the way there to get it. The hours they're open is a little tricky to work into your schedule but the coffee is worth it and the conversation can be quite interesting so check it out.
<review# 598,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2011,7/10/2011,4,19,,1,1>My husband and I have been eating at Honey for a few years now and we love it. We know what we like and we always get it, so we haven't tried a whole lot on the menu, just the bibimbop and a few rolls. The service is always great. The staff are nice and always trying to do their best. My aunt and uncle own a Korean restaurant, so I can empathize with the challenges. Bottom line: the food is good, the service is good, and the prices are reasonable.Regarding the comments about the authenticity of the food: Kim, the proprietor, is Korean. I'm pretty sure it doesn't get more authentic than that and her sushi chef is likely Korean or Japanese. I'm Korean, I've lived in Korea, and I'm quite content with the authenticity of the food at Honey. There's no right way to make Korean food, it's all about the cook and the pinches of this and that. Korean people eat, they don't fuss. Also, the bibimbop has always come with plenty of vegetables...bibimbop literally translates as vegetables and rice, and that's just what you get. I've taken several friends to Honey and they've always been quite pleased. I really think their bad days have been anomalies. I'll definitely be back for many more meals!
<review# 599,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2011,7/9/2011,42,75,,1,2>We stopped in yesterday and had a ceviche taco, cheese and lorico flower pupusa and fried plantains. All expertly prepared, fresh and delicious. I also particularly enjoyed their Horchata which was not overly sweet and had just the right amount of cinnamon.This restaurant is like a beacon of light in a grim shopping center in Rohnert Park.The owner has such a nice feeling about her and El Malecon is clean and colorful. The place to go for El Salvadorian food in Sonoma County!
<review# 600,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2011,7/8/2011,184,265,4,6,4>To a recent yelper: I don't care that my boyfriend and I were probably the youngest and poorest patrons on Valentine's Day (although we are white, I confess). While I can see that the general white, well-off, and well-aged demographic is prevalent at the restaurant, that doesn't change the fact that the food was ridiculously good and deserving of a good review. If you have a problem with dining next to Marin's elderly nouveau-riche population, then leave the county, because you ARE dining in one of the wealthiest communities of the United States - it comes with the territory. That would be like going to get pho and banh mi over in the East Bay, then remarking on all the Asian-American patrons and their socio-economic status. So, let's stick to what's pertinent in our reviews - namely, the food that's placed in front of your face, not the random family sitting next to you.I enjoyed the lobster pasta special, which was savory and delightful, and the mixed salad came with more than enough vinaigrette - no dearth of spices, salts, or flavors with my meal! My boyfriend enjoyed his entree as well, though I confess to completely forgetting what he had, because my own food was SO GOOD. The overall atmosphere and set-up was nice: dimmed lighting, soft (not obnoxious) music, and confetti hearts sprinkled upon the white tablecloth. The owner came by, even as rainy as the night was, and talked to the different people at the tables while handing out grissini sticks to go. The servers were all very personable and seemed happy, not like disgruntled employees that I meet at so many food serving establishments. Top notch, you've tied with Mill Valley's La Ginestra in my world!
<review# 601,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2012,6/16/2012,83,446,3,5,4>First of all, I must reiterate that I am a tough customer to please. That said, I tried Super Duper Burger for lunch yesterday. I was moaning with joy from every single bite. We're talking world class burger. So good it was, that I returned for dinner last night ------ and lunch again today. So here are the details. I had the 4 oz. burger each time. Sounds small, but PERFECT size. It is perfectly charred on the outside and has just the right chew. It seems to be a little coarser grind than your typical mushy burger meat; they are paying attention!!!!! Since their buns have sesame seeds and I can't eat seeds, they substituted a ciabatta roll (the BEST of its kind I have ever eaten! A perfect bun!). I ordered grilled onions, avocado and bacon to go with it. I had it without their lettuce, tomato and house sauce. It takes a while to eat as it has a large diameter, so your joy is longlasting. Simply A*M*A*Z*I*N*G chow.The fries are goodish; a bit saltier than I would prefer, and with burgers this good they should use hand cut kennebec potatoes.  I would gladly pay extra for them. I dipped my fries in their house made garlic mayo. Divine combo. Despite the fact that I would prefer Kennebec fries, Super Duper Burger still gets 5+ stars in my book. Each time I've eaten this meal it has kept me full for 6 hours. What a deal, and for under $10. They'll be seeing a LOT of me!This was happily my 300th review on yelp. :-)
<review# 602,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2012,6/15/2012,340,166,11,6,18>He sat at the diner counter and watched her maneuver gracefully about her busy work station. She appeared so comfortable yet so alert...  so confident yet so gentle. She smiled at him wryly and repeated what she said only a moment before: "I stole it and I'm glad I did." An excitement soared through his body, but he kept his bearing. He sipped his coffee and peered outside at a random car on its way to somewhere unknown. He opened his mouth to say something with a half-smile, but instead motioned for a kindly refill of coffee. She splashed coffee into his mug like she did for six-hundred thousand patrons before him. She nodded at him with brilliant eyes and a cool smirk. He looked at her as if he was ready to take her away into the future of forever. She was already pouring the crude oil into someone else's cup. He casually checked his watch. And you know he didn't really care what time it was. He lit a cigarette and teased his hash browns with a fork.             The grumbling scoundrel at the nearby table was more irritable than usual.  He blurted to no one in particular, "Somehow my wallet has disappeared! Did it just walk away!?" It was moments before when the chance glimmered brightly. The grouch huffed to the counter to get a copy of the New York Times. And there on his table sat his brown lump of a wallet. She was there in the perfect place in time when there is perfect sense in wrongdoing. The wallet vanished. She was back behind the counter waltzing with plates of hot food that emptied as fast as they were prepared. The bottomless decanter of coffee was her defense against half-awake minds. Her shift was now coming to an end. The money in that wallet wouldn't last and she knew that. But she hoped more than anything that she could finally embrace love like it was a wave carrying tomorrow with dreams of passion. The man at the counter continued to toy with those unfortunate hash browns. She took his plate from him as he had enough. She had enough - No more playing around. She took off her apron and met him outside by the broken phone booth. She grabbed his hand and she never let go.
<review# 603,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2012,6/14/2012,232,901,4,4,4>Best. Quiche. Ever. I thought Michelle Marie's Patisserie would forever hold that honor, but wowww. Their quiche lorraine came with a smooth eggy filling packaged in a buttery crust. The matchstick fries and the salad that came as sides were solid too. I also tried the steak tartare and pork belly sandwich. The tartare needed more flavor, but otherwise was a nice cut. A bite of the pork belly sandwich was pretty good, but too heavy if you're eating the whole thing yourself. Definitely coming back in the future.- - - - - NOOOOOOOO... Lady Gaga came here the day after we ate here!!! TEARSbiteclubeats.com/2012/02"When Gaga asked where to go the following day for lunch, Catelli sent her to Sonoma's Girl and the Fig.There, she and Kinney dined on mussels, beet salad, fig salad, a Croque Monsieur with egg, steak frites and a Fig Kiss cocktail late Sunday afternoon. Word is she and Kinney sat at the bar and ordered several cocktails, including a special concoction made with blood oranges.The county's abuzz with rumors that Gaga could be house-hunting in the area, but insiders are keeping their poker faces on this one."
<review# 604,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2011,6/13/2012,248,493,10,10,8>Ok, this is highly sensitive information. I am letting you in the inner circle. This means that I am trusting you, yes YOU with vital, TOP secret information. This ALSO means, for those of you that need handholding in obvious situations, that you CANNOT tell a SOUL.I was reluctant to write this review, because Doce Lunas is one of those places that you will tend to covet, love and want only for your own. I do not want everyone to know about it, I want it to be mine and mine alone - but even with my black hole of a stomach, I could not solely keep them in business, so, it is with a sigh that I tell you about this absolute diamond in the rough.Ok, Kenwood is not exactly rough - in fact that is quite the overstatement, but you catch my drift. If I want a simply great meal, I usually turn towards the Golden Bridge of ours and get amazing cuisine there. Well, now I don't have to. Here it is in my own backyard.The Veal Cordon Bleu. Succulent, stuffed, decadent and grande, this is what you get when you're not messing around. This is GOOD eats. Nostalgic in flavor, and this is only enhanced with the fact that it is served in a good ol' 10" cast iron. Along with you will be delighted to receive; potato pancake with semi mashed potato that is coated and crunchy outside, still has potato chunks inside and is great on ALL sided. Spaghetti squash - this is a personal favorite that I just never see on a menu. Bravo Doce Lunas. Red cabbage is along for the ride and you will be glad of that as well.Crab Cake Benedict. Were I to have a discouraging word, it would be directed at the crab cake itself. It was prepared wonderfully - alas and alack, I wanted more crab to the ratio. However, the muffin it sat upon, the hollandaise that adorned it and the crispy, CRISPY home potatoes that accompanied - no fault is to be found. In fact, let's talk about these potatoes.They are the same that come with your fantastic Joe's Special - that you can chose your meat, and I am assuming all breakfast dishes and they are fabulous. Each potato is crispy. This to me, is the Pinnacle of Potato. Excellent.House Made Potato Chips. Speaking of the Spud, let me just say. I write off potato chips as caloric fodder. I care nothing for them. Or I CARED nothing for them. Now, I am ruined for all potatoes everywhere. Between the breakfast potatoes and these, those are completely valid reasons alone. The chips are lightly salted, fresh out of the oil and served in their own mini skillet. Some cling together in clumps, the middles still with a potato chew. Some are stand alone rebels with a color so golden, a texture so crispy, you wonder why a body would eat anything else.Onion Rings. These are crisp to the core and also in their own little skillet. Not the type to sog and pull out the whole onion with your first bite, these are greasy spoon diner classics with a crisp light batter and all the crunch a Girl could want.Service. This is service with a true capital S. Alan was our server and he was knowledgeable, attentive and paid more attention than my last boyfriend - all without being creepy! He listened, he bustled, he is in every way the epitome of what you want a waiter to be. A+ Alan. A+.And the topmost of secrets - you will not believe the prices. For a song you will dine on food from a seasoned Chef that has cooked himself literally around the world - he has plates from every spot to prove it - and you will enjoy every last bite.So, there you have it. I have told you this crucial under-wraps information with the trust that you will use it for good. Go forth and enjoy your meal, but for God's SAKE, don't tell a SOUL!!!
<review# 605,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2009,6/12/2012,19,30,1,3,3>This place gets full score for me, mostly based on the sheer value of what they serve. I happen to really like the taste of what they have as well but you get a lot of food for your money. My wife always get their veggie taco which is $2.85 and big enough for lunch for her!
<review# 606,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2011,6/11/2012,19,3,,6,3>Kimberly gave me a treatment to aid in my quitting smoking. Kimberly was amazing. Not only very knowledgeable and thorough, but also seemed very intuitive. I will definitely be back for another treatment.
<review# 607,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2011,6/10/2012,11,11,,2,2>What a cool place!  Very nice people and a great use of the space that has been dormant for so long on San Anselmo Ave.The baguette is fantastic.  This is a great spot for bread, soups, and salads, and the menu is expanding to include pizza by the the slice and other items from the oven.  I grabbed some coffee and baguette today, but I'm definitely coming back some afternoon for a nosh and a nice glass of wine (which they also serve).
<review# 608,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2011,6/8/2012,58,161,7,7,6>Holy. Crap.What a freaking unbelievable experience.  Totally died for the country diner feel, eating out on wooden picnic tables in what I like to think of as a diner corral, out on a rural road surrounded by grape vines and farms.  Everything was kitschy and country in the best way possible - even the freaking lay out of the menu!I dove into some fried green tomatoes and split a reuben and a burger with my mom.  This is messy, sloppy, greasy, goopy food that you can't put down.  I nearly fell off the bench with the first bite of the reuben, with that thick cut pastrami, made in-house that tastes just the slightest bit smoky.  Seriously, roll your sleeves up and just let it happen.  Half of the pleasure of this meal was getting all kinds of smothered in sauces, cheese, and meat - all in the great outdoors in a diner corral.  The burger was freaking delicious as well, with perfectly seasoned meat, a nice soft bun, and this sauce that had just a hint of rosemary in it.  Really unexpected and super tasty.We wanted to save room for the friend hand pies of Yelp legend and maybe a little caramel cake but there was just no way after all that food.  I'll definitely be back though, maybe after a very brief fast so I can power through lunch and dessert.
<review# 609,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2011,6/7/2012,34,74,3,6,1>Growing up 5 miles from this place spoiled me.  Since my folks raised me on produce purchased here I can't eat produce from supermarkets; it just doesn't taste the same.  I drive from Petaluma at least once a month to load up on produce and other bulk grains, nuts, etc.  Best prices, always the freshest stuff.  I have a salsa recipe that my friend asked me for.  Part of the recipe was "and make sure you buy all this stuff at Andy's".  He didn't and his salsa wasn't very good.  He called me and complained that the recipe must have been wrong since it didn't taste like mine.  I asked if he bought everything at Andy's and he said "im not driving all the way out there for produce".  His loss.
<review# 610,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2012,6/6/2012,96,212,,7,6>PASTRAMI HEAVEN!!This place is the real deal. Warm, moist, tasty pastrami and corned beef with the right ratio of meat to fat.  Piled high on your choice of bread (be authentic...go with light rye or pumpernickel) that is nicely textured.  Dense enough to handle the meat, but still moist, with a lovely chew to the crust.The youthful staff are definitely California locals, but they are friendly and efficient.They have a very extensive menu. I took my dad, who is from the Bronx, and he gave it the New York seal of approval. He found things on the menu that he hadn't had since he left NYC decades ago.You will NOT leave here hungry.  Or broke either....prices are super reasonable.
<review# 611,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2013,4/7/2014,230,178,3,5,4>We've been looking for a good Japanese restaurant since we moved to Petaluma a few months ago. I was honestly weary that we'd find one out in the country since we've moved from Hawaii, then Seattle, where there are some amazing restaurants. Hiro's did not disappoint!The food is a little pricey but not overly priced. I was excited to try their miso soup as there's been so many people raving about it. I thought it was okay. The miso was very strong for my taste and I would have preferred it slightly more watered down (Hana's has the best miso in town, in my opinion). I posted some pictures of our food.Their agedashi tofu is delicious, as is their sushi. My husband had a fried eel sushi (not sure what it was called) but it was good. I had the dragon roll. Amazing! I love unagi. I don't remember what else he had but we liked everything else we tried.We also had the creme brulee for dessert. Yum!I like the ambiance here. Very simple and chic. The tall ceilings give it a nice spacey feel for being such a narrow layout. There's a decent amount of seating as well.I just wish they had tempura ice cream. That would have just been the icing on the cake. Regardless, I will return!
<review# 612,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2014,4/6/2014,21,167,,8,4>This was one of several visits that I have made to Santa Rosa Seafood, but this is my first review. Wow! This place is the best! The variety of seafood is fabulous. I bought Hawaiian Butterfish this time, without knowing in advance that it would be delicious: a perfect, mild, semi-firm fish. I will definitely look for it again.Each seafood is packaged in a plastic bag, with the source clearly marked. Since I always try to buy fresh caught, rather than farmed fish, this is very helpful. We live close to the ocean, who wants to buy frozen farmed fish?!If you've got a taste for smoked fish, this is also the place to come. I've purchased both smoked salmon and smoked trout and both were delicious. Impress your friends with an appetizer plate that includes smoked fish from Santa Rosa Seafood. They'll love you!!The owners/employees here are helpful, patient, and friendly. Yet another reason to return.
<review# 613,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2014,4/5/2014,162,206,,7,5>I came in today to get service on my very old camera. It had been in storage for quite some time and I wanted to use it again. I took it in to the store and the gentleman behind the counter serviced it quickly. He looked at the lens and thoroughly examined the parts of the camera. He asked me about the camera and told me that the light meter may be broken.After further inspection, he determined that the camera was fine and the fluorescent lighting in the shop made the light meter not work correctly.I was very happy to hear my camera was in good shape. My son has picked up a new hobby and was glad to pass it along to him in good shape. I recommend this shop to those who enjoy having great customer service from true professionals. :-)
<review# 614,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2014,4/4/2014,179,297,3,9,7>There are wineries that you go to for it's beauty, ambiance and quality of wine.  This one has all of it.It is kind of secluded, but within the Russian River valley. When you actually find the sign for it you might think you are not actually at the winery yet.  It is very understated.  But, as you walk in it is like Dorothy opening the door to Oz...you get it.  The interior is all a natural palette, with a feel of an upscale wine cellar.  I did not have a chance to tour the entire facility, only downstairs and the garden.  The tasting hostess greeted me warmly and took me through their awesome offerings.  This is a Pinot Noir/Chardonnay house.  (Burgundy)  All of them were very good, but each had their own unique personalities.  There was also a patio with a wonderful canvas canopy covering.  It has an awesome view of Taylor Mountain and the estate vineyards surrounding.  My favorite feature was the organic gardens.  There was kale, chard, lavendar, herbs, vegetables and happy bees.While this was just a quick stop for me it will be one I return to.  Next time I will try out their lunch offerings and get deeper into the wines.Cheers.
<review# 615,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2013,4/3/2014,120,109,3,9,6>They make their balls just how I like it -- extra chewy. I got a honeydew milk tea and it was delicious. I've been to other boba places right after they open and this blew them away. They have their system so put together already. The ordering process was pleasant and quick and we got our drinks even faster. I would love to see some signage. We only found this place because we happened to search "boba" on Yelp, even though we were expecting the closest place to be an hour away. Our excitement led us there immediately even though it was a little tough to find even with GPS. The interior/exterior could really use some more seating and a couple tables. The menu would be so confusing for anyone who has never had to order it before. I'm still not clear on the pricing if it's more expensive to get more toppings or not.The last thing was the price. I've just been spoiled living around $1-2 teas, and I realize that $4 is a pretty average price for boba tea, but it'd be nice to see some promotions. Maybe a sale in the last hour when all the ingredients are going bad or something. I'm sure all the students at Sonoma State would flock here if it was just a dollar or two cheaper (and open late). Great job! I can't wait to bring my friends here, we will be back very soon!
<review# 616,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2013,4/2/2014,419,792,2,5,3>I must say, was really surprised.  Why should I be surprised?   Well, I think restaurant chain food is typically OK but not exceptional.  But in this case the quality of the food WAS exceptional.  Started with several kinds of flatbreads.  All were really good and the crusts were just so light and crispy.  The dishes were really flavorful and each bite filled my mouth with joy.  Also tried a small salad with a chunk of salmon on top.  Very good.  Tried a few pizzas including a pepperoni, BBQ chicken, garlic chicken, and plain cheese.   All were really good.  Again, very flavorful.  For dessert I recommend the tiramisu.  Its creamy yet light.  Bottom line for me is that this place may be part of a big chain but the food is like that of a high quality independent restaurant.
<review# 617,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2014,4/1/2014,25,76,2,6,4>Truly a hidden gem!! We have been there twice and the service and the food are very good! They have a extra hot salsa made from Habaneros but you have to ask for it! Let me tell you it is pretty spicy so be for warned but it is very good! The first time we went there with my wife I had the wet burrito with grilled chicken and my wife had the chile relleno. Plate presentation was good and the portions were just right! This last time we went I had the 3 item combo plate with a enchilada, burrito and taco again plate presentation was nice and the portions were great! The food has a real authentic flavor and doesn't taste like canned ingredients. The waiters were very attentive to make sure that we always had plenty of drink and chips and salsa! The food is great and the atmosphere is very friendly so I recommend this establishment to everyone!!
<review# 618,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2013,3/31/2014,4,3,,7,3>My cat "Kodiak" had his first Cat's Meow Grooming Spa visit since they opened, it was a BIG day for my furry matted Himalayan boy! He hates, hates, hates being brushed/groomed at home (to the tune of bites, snarls and kitty-daggers attacking us), we cannot keep mats off him and he gets miserable. So we scheduled a Lion Cut visit with Aunt Stacey!Kodiak (AKA "Mr. Sassy Pants" at our house) did really well there, the serene and kitty-calming pheromone private grooming suite was just the ticket in getting this all done without having to sedate him like in the past! Everyone came out unscathed, and Kodiak looks so clean-cut and spiffy!...Mats are all gone, nails trimmed, not a stray hair on him, and we don't have to upset him with trying to brush most of his body for another two to three months! (He allows tail, head, neck and leg grooming at home thankfully.)This will make his and our Summer much more enjoyable...Will we be back?...Well, uh,  ye-aye-ahhh!!!!      =^..^=
<review# 619,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2012,3/30/2014,65,35,1,5,2>wow. This place lives up to its 5-star reputation. I called and they could take me for my 1-hour foot acupressure massage in 45-minutes. Perfect - arrived, and was greeted by my masseuse - a very lovely younger man (so I don't think the husband cited in the other reviews). I was given a pair of Thai-style pants and shirt to change into, and relaxed onto the lounge chair behind some curtains. Very quiet, calm, dimly lit. And wow - for $45 for a full 60 minutes I got my money's worth! Started with some aromatherapy and pressure on my head, shoulders, neck, then arms, while my feet soaked in hot water. Then probably 45 minutes? on my feet. Ahh...that could have gone on forever. He used a wooden stick for some of the acupressure - I literally felt like I was floating when he hit some points on my feet! Then a few minute on my legs, including a lovely IT band stretch, then he had me sit up and did some (really!) deep tissue on my shoulders/back for a bit. And done. Wow. If I had the $, I'd go every week - as it is, I'll probably treat myself monthly. I've never walked out of a massage feeling so grounded, calm, and relaxed.
<review# 620,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2014,3/29/2014,21,98,,5,3>I have had the pleasure of enjoying Murray circle Bar and restaurant on several occasions over the last 4 years.  I am a big fan of the beautifully restored building and the charm of the location.  This is a wonderful place to enjoy a cocktail on the patio out by the fire pit or have a leisurely meal overlooking the expansive scenery featuring the Golden Gate Bridge.  Every time I come here I feel recharged and happy.  The staff are always attentive, friendly and professional.  It is an oasis close to the city.  Consider it a destination on a day you want to enjoy the beautiful weather with a special person.
<review# 621,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2008,11/15/2008,63,144,3,3,4>Ok if I was ONLY rating the food it would be 5 stars hands down but since I'd only give the service 3 stars, 4 it is. It is very rare in my life that I clean my plate and that is exactly what I did when eating here. I started off with a Mojito and for those of you who enjoy this drink you know that places can either SUCK at making them or ROCK. This one ROCKED! Perfect blend, not too minty and just how I like it. The bread was warm, the butter soft, the onion rings and sauce were awesome and that was just the beginning. I ordered the skirt steak which is served with caramelized onions and french fries, I was ecstatic when it arrived and the fries were of the shoestring variety! This entire meal was excellent, I ate it all and also managed to eat some of my friends beef brisket (which was also amazing). As for the service, we didn't have a reservation and were seated immediately (I had high hopes) our waitress however was much more concerned with everyone else in the place to bother with us on several occasions. In order to get our bill and then pay it we basically had to set off flares to get her attention. Thank god the food was great, next time I'll make sure not to sit in her section!
<review# 622,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2008,11/14/2008,225,228,3,3,3>How could anyone say anything bad about this place?  Listen.  They are great. Seriously.  You hear me? Good stuff.I have actually seen the hostess moving tables, trying to get large parties seated in a small place. She was going out of her way to make sure the could accomodate everyone.  I have never waited more than five minutes here and the sushi has always been on par with some of the best I have had.  The sushi guy's at the bar are so good and friendly.  My friend and I often sit at the bar and enjoy our miso soup and sushi.  The only down side is that it can be so busy that they get overcrowded and service suffers a wee bit but I don't mind.  Its good stuff.  I've been here a gazillion times and LOVE IT!  Actually, its terrible.  Don't go there during the week between 5-8 and go much earlier in the day.  Yeah, thats it.  My master plan is coming to fruition.
<review# 623,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2008,11/13/2008,1567,497,30,26,29>When I go to parties, I turn around and eat facing the corner so people won't judge me.  The guilt probably goes back to my  Seattle days of fellow America's Next Top Model competitors chain-smoking cigarettes and giving me a hard time for eating a turkey sandwich.  But yesterday morning, I sucked up the guilt and ordered what I wanted: the deep-fried French toast.  Now, before you think I've gone off the deep end, I'd like you to know that a delicious bowl of fresh fruit (the best I've seen in the Bay Area) accompanied my deep fried tasty breakfast.  They charge an additional $2 for organic maple syrup, and since I'd just shelled out for fresh squeezed OJ, I opted out of the syrup upgrade and used some of the fake stuff (which reminded me of when I was a fat kid and used to pour syrup in my breakfast cereal).Great crowd.  My roomie and I were joined by two out-of-town couples here for a wedding.  They joked that we were going to pick up their tab, and I joked that I was going to pick up the groom.  Oddly enough, my humor wasn't as well received.The service is excellent.  It's hard to hear your neighbor, since little yuppie babies named Johan are screaming in your ear.  The food is exactly what one would expect at a breakfasty, dinery place, but the service really makes it stand out.  They have plenty of people bustling around making sure that you got your food, that you liked it, and that you are gonna pay quickly because there are people outside eyeing your seat through the window.Looking for a quiet upscale breakfast joint?  Try Poggio down the street.Looking for a hearty, homestyle place to eat your feelings?  Then come here.
<review# 624,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2008,11/12/2008,73,278,5,11,5>In between the happy, productive craziness of daily life (visitors, family trips, job, residency), my boyfriend and I carved out two invaluable nights to get away together and just be. We chose One Mesa as our retreat. I'm halfway across the country now, but my mind is still sitting on that porch, looking out over the fields and smelling the ocean air tinged with our fresh-brewed coffee, a good book in my lap and my honey napping in our little slice of heaven. Mila and Stan-- If you read this, thank you for such an incredible retreat. You have created the best haven I've ever retreated to. As the others here pointed out, your thoughtfulness is evident throughout... the plush, plentiful towels, music, books, linens, stocked fridge, games. I've never had such a complete "experience" set out before me for the enjoying. It's easy to just arrive and relax, forgetting the cares of the world instantly. Especially when you only have two days, that thoughtfulness and ease are even more appreciated. For what we wanted, the privacy here was perfect. I do think it's important to note that this isn't the typical b&b experience. Go elsewhere if you are looking to socialize. But if you're looking for tranquility in an amazing setting, and at a very reasonable cost, this is such a gem. I would go back in an instant, and hope I can soon. For those from SF like we are, it's accessible but worlds away. And there are very few other places I've been where I've felt that the cost and effort spent getting there was so worth it... in fact there is no other place. This one tops them all. By the way, we stayed in Sunrise Room. It was a difficult choice because they all sound great, and Mila pondered along with me. But I'm glad we did... as someone who likes to be girly and put on makeup, the doublesink bathroom was nice, and the setting back behind the first few rooms seemed even more private than most. I'm sure each and every room is fabulous though. In fact, my only disappointment was that I didn't run into Mila and get a chance to say "hi" or peek into any of the other accommodations to inform future visits. Also, beyond One Mesa if you do venture out (there won't be much need!) we went to the Cafe at the end of Main St., where the pizza oven turned out fabulous pies and they had a great salad and nice house wine, all for I think $30 for dinner for 2. The next night we went to Station House Cafe for a b-day dinner. It was okay, not great. If I were to do it over I'd probably choose Mankas and drive a bit further, or some other place. Pastries at Bovine Bakery were fabulous, sandwiches at the local grocery were perfect hiking fare, and the Pine Cone dinner is a good choice (for food, not the prickly service). We did a hike out to the point (approx. 10miles) one day. It was extremely windy, so come prepared, but a great little adventure. Park at the historic dairy farm and go from there (Can't miss it, there's only one path). Just don't sit in the little pricker bushes in the sand like my boyfriend did when you're ready to picnic. Ouch. There was one moment when I sat outside at One Mesa, warm tea cup in hand, looking out over the hills and a stallion came galloping over the horizon as the music from our room drifted calming notes across the breezes to me... during that moment I felt the most happy I have in a long time. That is the sort of place One Mesa is.
<review# 625,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2008,11/11/2008,274,1482,7,10,8>I never even heard of Napa Style until I went to the shopping center yesterday. This place is like a smaller version of Sur La Table, which is ironic since they are right next to each other in the center. I found a great and I do mean GREAT truffle salt. I also found a roasted garlic rub. And prosciutto jerky. Everything is a bit pricey, but some of the stuff is totally worth it. Like the truffle salt.
<review# 626,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2008,11/10/2008,19,127,2,3,3>My sweet angel and I decided to take advantage of the beautiful weather and take a trip over the bridge to Sausalito on Saturday. She had found Le Garage online, and the brunch menu sounded delish, so we decided to check it out. Also we had eaten at Chez Papa Resto and they by the same peeps, so that was a good sign as well.At first we had a hard time finding it; there's no way you'd just "happen upon" this place. It is hidden amongst the ship yards and buildings down by the water, and away from the busy main drag Bridgeway. Once we found it, we were able to park (for free!) and walk right up. Lovely indoor/outdoor location right on the water. Most places over on the Bridgeway with this kind of location are really pricy and super touristy. This seemed like a nice hidden treat that only people who had done a little homework would know about. There were quite a few bikers who cruised right up, which made me think that this is a locals kinda place.The hostess was really sweet and nice and allowed us our pick of tables. Servers were friendly and not all over us yet still attentive. I ordered the Croque Madame and a glass of champagne, and my sweet baby had the Pan Bagnat (nicoise style tuna) with fries and a glass of Sauvignon Blanc. Both of us enjoyed our food, though it didn't rock my panties off. Still, it was pretty good and reasonably priced; we split the bill at around $20 a piece.Overall, a nice quiet, relaxing brunch in the warm sun. Definitely recommend checking it out if you can't stand the overpriced and overcrowded Bridgeway sector. The dinner menu looked pretty good (Mussels!), so we might check it out next time we're in the area!
<review# 627,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2008,11/9/2008,399,1188,5,5,4>One thing's for sure--you'll get bigger portions, better quality, lower prices, a shorter drive, and less crowds than at Sam's, and with the same great view across the bay.  The inside is a dark wood, deco-nautical affair, a bit 70's, that wouldn't be out of place at Trader Vic's.  Nevertheless, the brunch menu is pretty limited (hope you like eggs benedict), and still on the pricey side (think ~$15).  But, despite being right on the water, Sausalito doesn't offer many other brunch-with-a-view options when you're trying to wow visitors.  Of course, that's always the problem with showing people around SF--you've only got one chance to make an impression, so you feel compelled to go for the flashy stuff, even though you know it's the subtler, grow-on-you pleasures of the city that truly make it worth living here.  (Which is also why I prefer an immersive, screw-the-sights-just-live-the-lifestyle approach to traveling, but I digress).  But how to convey the wonders of Rainbow Grocery to someone who's just in for the weekend?  Until I figure that out, Horizons at least is a safe (if unexciting) bet, so I grudgingly give them 4 stars.
<review# 628,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2008,11/8/2008,7,32,2,3,2>Vegan Puerto Rican food.... yeah that is not a typo. Seriously wow. I have often dreamed of a day when I could once again have food like this and now that it has come, I have made sure to go as often as possible. I know its only one dish on the menu (other then the rice pudding), but still, vegans deserve to be able to enjoy this cuisine. I am sure there are better PR places, but in SF there are none, and even less with vegan options. Thus the 5 star comes out for this place.To bad they wont deliver to the city, I spend a fortune driving here.
<review# 629,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2008,11/7/2008,90,172,13,15,14>There's no 'Inn' about it (unless you get so drunk that you end up sleeping on the floor), but a good ol' Brittish pub it is.  The staff is friendly (although sometimes tend to only chat with the regulars) and know how to pour a pint.  The waitresses are all super friendly, which is good on a busy night.  Pub Trivia on Thursday nights has this place packed!  (word to the wise- reserve a table ahead or you'll be standing at the bar (if you can find room) but it makes for a fun and somewhat intelligence insulting night).   Don't go expecting any fancy fru-fru drinks- no hard alcohol means that you're stuck with rice wine margaritas and let me assure you- the beer is better. :)Food is decent as well- Fish and chips and chicken sandwich stand out- but the calamari is up there as well. HAven't had anything bad there yet (doesn't everything taste better with beer?).Well worth a trip to the West End.
<review# 630,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2008,11/5/2008,97,261,3,3,4>How in the world is it that within the space of 8 days, I manage to go to Balboa Cafe in the Marina and then stumble across another one in Mill Valley? The first encounter was strictly alcohol and people watching, while the latter was definitely a food experience. After playing tourist in Mill Valley for an afternoon, we found that we were starving and walked right in front of the newly-arrived Balboa Cafe. At just before 6pm on a Saturday night, we sat at a table in the bar area. Perusing through the wine list revealed a great range: from $20 to upwards of $500. With a bargain Argentinean Malbec ($32) to whet the palette, we ordered the crispy calamari ($10) and ahi tuna carpaccio ($12) to start. The calamari was what it should be--crispy and fried and delicious. The carpaccio was perfect in texture and flavor. For entrees, we had the Roast Chicken ($19.50) and the Pork Chop ($24). I stole a bite of the chicken and it was savory, tender and a sizable portion. I dove into my pork chop and it looked really rare in the middle. I asked the waiter if it was OK to eat and--although he offered to grill it longer--he said it was prepared to the chef's indication and that even if it looks scary, it's delicious. **ERIN'S EPIPHANY** I can stop cooking the sh!t out of pork products. Pork does not have to be cooked to death to be edible. Even with considerable pinkness, the pork chop was not only extremely tender and juicy but so flavorful. Between that and the mashed potatoes, I was continually torn with which one is better and what to scarf down first. An efficient menu where every option is a solid selection, we left full and happy. Service was friendly and helpful. It was a little loud and crowded in the bar area as the night wore on, but there's something great about amazing food in a party atmosphere. The lunch menu looks great and I'll definitely check it out if I'm back in the area.
<review# 631,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2009,4/24/2009,2510,1034,27,25,31>I think I'm getting old... I get really excited about buying houseware items now... I've decided that my childhood obsession with stuffed animals/plush toys has turned into an adult obsession with stuffed throw pillows. Interesting...Today I found so much to tempt myself with at this Pier 1 including lots of items on sale. I ended up resisting purchasing the awesome bracelet that I wanted to purchase for myself and sticking to my room-decorating mission... For about $32, I purchased three sale, awesome throw pillows and curtains. I'll be back soon and often!
<review# 632,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2009,4/23/2009,281,420,7,7,7>This place is simply amazing solely for the fact that you can bring your own wine....AT NO CORKAGE FEEWe were seated on the patio, which was great because of the outdoor heaters.  Started off with the two salads on the menu and the mac n cheese. The mac n cheese was quite tasty, with bits of applewood smoked bacon.  We had the catfish, chicken and waffles, gumbo, jambalaya, and a melange of both the gumbo and jambalaya (what I ordered). I was not that impressed with it, but after tasting the combo, soooo good. I definitely should've ordered that. The gumbo spices it up and adds tons of flavor as my main issue was that it was pretty bland.   It's pretty reasonably priced for a solid, good, restaurant in Napa.  I hope to come back and get the fried chicken (which of course will never be as good as T. Keller's buttermilk friend chicken at Ad Hoc).
<review# 633,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2008,4/22/2009,371,281,16,17,20>Bootyman and I are polar opposites in many ways.I appreciate theater and would cut off my left arm to see the original cast of RENT on Broadway. Bootyman appreciates snow and would cut off his left arm for a legit powder day.I love spreading out my beach towel on warm sand and engrossing myself in a good book.Bootyman loves thrashing around in the waves and throws a tantrum when the airport tchatkey store doesn't carry Snowboarder magazine.I flip a lid over quinoa and veggie stir-fry.Bootyman gets spazzy over sliders and strawberry shakes.We don't often agree on dining out options, with the exception of sushi and Sol Food.We don't spend that much time on this side of the bay, but any time one of us passes through San Rafael, it's pretty much a written rule that said passer througher is required to swing by Sol Food for a little mouth treat. And by little, I mean heaping portions of edible jewels so delicious it makes me want to give up and just be fat for the sake of being fat and happy.We order the exact same thing every time and don't feel that usual boring orderer guilt we feel at other restaurants. Because if you've ever put your tongue on a fork loaded with marinated chicken, beans and rice and tostones (Bootyman prefers Maduros) you'd punch your mother. No seriously, because mothers like to share food sometimes, and mothers need to be taught that getting near daughters plates of Sol Food is risky business. And mothers need to know that I, I mean daughters, will bite them, hard if they come between me, I mean daughters, and their sacred dish.The vinegary hot sauce is something I could literally drink straight, despite the fact that it would no doubt make me vomit. The salad is simple greens dressed in simple garlic, lemon dressing, but it's better than any simple salad I've ever had or made or rubbed on my skin and tried to sleep in.Homemade limeaid? Boom! It's like you might as well throw your running shoes away and hunker down in a corner of this brightly painted, rustic eatery and tell everyone your new address is "fuck off, I'm eating and drinking the most delicious beverage on the face of this earth."Go here. Now. Throw your diet out the window and gorge yourself on happiness. Actually, maybe don't go here, because the line is already out the door, and I tend to hit Bootyman when I'm hungry and have to wait. We don't want that to happen, cause Sol Food is like our relationship counselor and it prevents fights and makes rainbows and unicorns come out of our eyes. It's that good.
<review# 634,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2009,4/20/2009,694,903,8,12,12>This place deserves 5 stars but the bridge was a bit much for me - so 4 stars. I have a fear of heights over water - not heights, heights over water. This often means bridges - especially little rickety ones that move with the wind and weight. The Lighthouse bridge is 2 at a time and made me very nervous but I did get over it!The lighthouse itself is tiny and you spend maybe 10 minutes max out there then get back in line to cross the bridge. The views are amazing and my guess would be that on a perfectly clear day the place is crowded. I love the little .5 mile hike to get to the lighthouse - thru a tiny tunnel, curving along the rocks, overlooking some sunbathing sea lions in the cove, gazing at the GGB. I learned a lot too! About shipwrecks, and boat traffic and pilot boats to get others into the bay and how the child of the lighthouse keeper years ago was tied up  with a leash so she wouldn't fall down the cliffs. This is definitely one of the best lighthouses I've ever been to.
<review# 635,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2009,4/19/2009,131,312,6,7,8>This is one of the best places to hit when you're craving authentic Mexican food and the corner taqueria or the roach coach is just not cutting it.Thanks to what I call Indian winter, we asked to be seated in the back patio to enjoy the view. The beautiful view of SF, Angel Island and the bay bridge was beautiful. When the sun started to set, romance was in the air!The menu was kind of a healthy take on Mexican food. The platillo de entremeses was an assortment of appetizers that included quesadilla, tomalitas and chalupas to name a few and this alone will fill you up even when sharing. The ensalada de Colima was a medley of baby lettuce, mango with a light vinaigrette.  The camarones a la Diabla was a generous portion of shrimp sauteed with garlic and pepper flakes.  The cayenne pepper added a spicy kick I love. The beso de chocolate is a must try, it's hot chocolate with a hint of peppermint schnapps.The service was attentive and they were ok about me adding and excluding a few of the ingredients to the dishes. The portions are pretty big and with every bite you can tell they use quality ingredients.  The dishes are pricey but worth the experience to try a different take of Mexican food (i.e. not cooked in lard). If the food doesn't please you, the gorgeous view and maybe your date can take your mind off it.
<review# 636,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2008,4/18/2009,287,292,26,22,30>Being the elite yelper that I am, I take my 200th review very seriously. Therefore like a true yelper, I am reviewing my new favorite bar. The Buckhorn Tavern. We just moved offices and now I stare at the Buckhorn and all it's glory all day. Our office was still under construction the first week or so we were here, so we asked the construction guys about The Buckhorn and they said, "Oh, we don't go there, it's too hard core for us." Hmmm... Interesting. Too hardcore for a construction crew? Hells yes. Bring it on bishes! And, what can I say, the first few times we came in, someone asked for a lemon in their beer, someone wanted a straw, etc. And yes they gave those people dirty looks. As they should. This place is for real drinkers. But after a particularly long day at the ole office, my coworker and alcoholic enabler, Meghan L. and I head over and get our drink on. We made friends due to our superior drinking abilities and of course our ever-so-charming personalities.It seems that after hanging out there for the past couple months the words "The Buckhorn" seem to roll off the tongue as the answer to all life's problems. If work is stressful, if boys are lame, a quick jaunt to The Buckhorn and life is once again wonderful!Now, I'm warning you... If you come in here acting like an idiot - you will get thrown out, made fun of, or get your a** kicked. So ask before you sit in a stool in case it's a regulars, stick to normal drinks, tip your bartender, don't make annoying conversation just for the sake of making it.There are deer heads, moose heads, etc. on the wall, pool table in the back, popcorn machine, cigarette machine, fancy-pants jukebox, and pictures of other 'Buckhorns' around the world. Even one from my hometown! In case you weren't raised in the sticks like me, or never paid attention in biology class. The bathrooms are labeled: Does (women) and Bucks (men). My knees hit the wall when I sit on the toilet so if you are full of femur (**cough cough Kristin R.**), good luck. Both faucets are labeled hot but are actually hot and cold like a normal sink. They have one of those revolving hand towels that is covered in grease stains and dirt (as most regulars do real labor - one guy even commented that he's only used the internet once, at the library to file for unemployment), so be ready to wipe on your jeans. So as you can see, this bar is what I like to think of as a 'real bar'. It's quickly becoming my second home and that's why it is my 200th review. Speaking of The Buckhorn... I might just head over right now.
<review# 637,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2009,4/17/2009,728,671,7,9,12>Phil was awesome at our wedding in Glen Ellen last October--we found him at a wedding we went to before ours and he was professional and fun at both. In the end we decided to have a professional wedding DJ rather than a DJ friend or someone off of craigslist do it, b/c they MC'd when it was time for the first dance and to cut the cake, etc., and somehow made it not cheesy. He kept people dancing until after midnight and managed to keep all the age groups happy. Call for recent prices, but it was worth it!
<review# 638,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2009,4/16/2009,293,924,10,11,12>I heart Chandon. I have my bubbly-loving friends to blame for this--after hanging out with them enough, I'm now hooked. Cost to worth it ratio: 3Highlights:- Tastings: I like that they offer tastings for one (Gloria Ferrer doesn't) and that there are a few options for another. Bubble, bubble, you can get into so much trouble: but in a good way ;-) Celebrate everyday with the sparkling wines. - Relaxed tastings: Sit down, stand up, fight fight fight! You don't have to stand at the tasting bar the whole time--you can grab a seat inside, roam in the outside area, etc. Makes it more enjoyable and less constricting.- Sparkling and still wines: I forgot they made both- Friendly staff in the store: the lady that helped us was great and real and so entertaining. Even suggested that the little mini bottles are great to take into the movies cause you can't hear them pop. That was enough for me to wanna be friends with her!- Wine club discounts: 20% everything and free tastings or glass for 2 people. I dig that. And their December shipment comes with 2 magnums--can't wait!Lowlights:- Lots of member only items so you can't even taste some things unless you're a member. I know some things need to make members special, but not sure about holding some of your best stuff back even for tasting. Maybe if someone loved it, that would be enough incentive to join the club.I'll definitely be back. Thank goodness I left not only with a few bottles, but a wine club membership for an early birthday present!
<review# 639,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2008,4/12/2009,141,28,7,8,9>You have to visit this place it it's your first time in Napa.  The chateau is gorgeous, the view is magnificent and the service is superb!! The chateau has a very classy, south of France feel to it.  Long white columns adorn the exterior while gold trimmings accentuate the inside.  Don't forget to look down and notice the gold inlays on the marble floors and the huge ornamental sparkling wine bottles atop a grand fireplace.  Sitting on a top of a hill gives whoever is standing on the balcony an amazing view of Napa.  The rolling vineyards is best seen through one of Domaine Carneros sparkling wine.  Sit outside if weather permits.From when they pick the grapes to when they serve you, our sommelier knew every single step of the process.  He knew the who, what, where and when about the sparkling wine making process.  Dean knew what the heck he was talking about so ask for him if you come by on the weekends.Great experience I absolutely recommend this place.!!!
<review# 640,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2009,4/11/2009,628,554,8,9,8>I was fortunate enough to get my hands on pastries from this bakery brought to me one morning, and I'm so glad I was able to try the goodies from this hidden gem. I didn't have them warm or fresh from the bakery, but they were still soooo good! - Cinnamon twist: crispy, croissant like texture, with a hint of cinnamon and sugar. - Raisin/cinnamon rolled danish: glazed on top, not overly sweet, this one was delicious. (My fav!)- Bear Claw: very unique with cherry almond flavor for the filling. A change from the usual bear claw that I'm used to, but really good. - Almond croissant: powder sugar coated, hint of almond filling inside, a hefty sized portion, crispy outer croissant layer.P.S. I hope I get lucky one of these days and lay my hands on the blueberry puff pastry that Maria M. is raving about!
<review# 641,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2010,11/25/2010,7,59,3,7,4>What a great addition to Petaluma. This children's book store is unique and has all kinds of great books for children and teens of all ages. I even found a childhood favorite that I have been searching for. They also have a selection of parenting/ adult books but can special order any books you want. The owner is as sweet as can be and really makes the customers feel welcomed. My daughter especially loved the cookies she was offering. They offer story time on Sundays at noon and I look forward to taking my little girl to that.
<review# 642,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2010,11/24/2010,0,24,,1,1>Just had dinner here for the first time with a co-worker.  It was on my OpenTable account and thought we should give it a try....glad we did!  Beautiful restaurant and the food was excellent.  The herb flatbread with roasted garlic, cheese and olives is amazing!  I ordered the special which was a pan seared halibut - it was cooked to perfection.  I am a fan and will definately go back and recommend to others.
<review# 643,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2010,11/23/2010,9,169,,2,1>This ice cream is amazing! It's always fresh and they have some unique flavors that are always fun to try. My personal favorites are the Bitter Sweet Chocolate and the Milk & Cookies. They don't always have the same flavors, but a lot of them are really good. All of their ice creams are organic, and only use the best ingredients. I've had an ice cream party here once before with about 13 people, and we all loved it! I won a gift certificate for the party at a local silent auction, luckily I won! Definately stop by and try it!
<review# 644,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2010,11/22/2010,66,100,2,3,2>I love this place!The paninis are good but I normally come here for the bagels. The bagels are huge and fresh and their toppings are really yummy. I usually get a bagel with cream cheese and either a coffee or fresh squeezed orange juice. I end up paying less than I would at a place like Starbucks and it's fresher. The bagels are so big I sometimes can't even eat the whole thing!
<review# 645,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2010,11/21/2010,41,53,,2,1>I would take any visitors to this place in a heartbeat.  If you want bubbles, this is the place to go.  J Vineyards is a distant second.I had some friends in town for the weekend and we went to Iron Horse.  The view is great.  The people who serve there are awesome.  Even the people who go there seem to be of a different breed.  Everyone seems to want to relax, be friendly, and have a good time.  This is especially good because it does tend to get crowded up there.  If you didn't have good people (as I've seen in so many other tasting environments) you might spike someone's ego if you bump into them while exiting with wine glasses.  I can't tell which was my favorite part - The view, the staff, or the wine.Maybe I'll go back and figure it out.
<review# 646,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2010,11/20/2010,0,3,5,11,5>I finally got a "Maya Diaz" again!  "What is a 'Maya Diaz'," you ask?!  It is the most thorough, gorgeous pedicure you will ever get--  the kind that makes your toes feel so clean and well taken care of that you find every opportunity to display them to the world.  I am not exaggerating!I got the Betty Boop red on mine and peering down at them, they looked like little painted baby toes, free of calluses and beautifully preened.Maya Diaz Studios comes highly, highly recommended by me!  And yes, the cost is more than in mass-production salons but oh so worth it.  The pedicure lasts for 3-4 weeks.  I've already scheduled my next one; Maya books up quickly.  Get on the horn!5 STARS INDEED!!
<review# 647,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2010,11/19/2010,1,5,,1,1>I feel rather lucky to have a game store like this so close to home. The staff is friendly, knowledgeable and helpful on a range of games and subjects. Their passion for games is obvious when you talk to them, and they are eager to help you find what you need. I am also impressed by the range of games available here. Whether you're into deep strategy or just some lighthearted fun, they've probably got something to hit the spot. The only thing that keeps this from being 5/5? I'd love to see even more D&D related items!
<review# 648,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2008,11/18/2010,147,287,6,8,7>For a neighborhood shop, this place has a pretty excellent selection of stuff, featuring decent produce, a great wine and beer selection, and a very impressive butcher's counter. Nestor and the other guys here are super friendly, always greet you with a smile, and are ready to help at a moment's notice. Their stuff is a little on the pricey side - but hey, such is life when shopping at a small locally owned business instead of the megabucks buying in bulk alternatives. Excellent sandwiches to boot.
<review# 649,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2010,11/17/2010,3,31,,3,2>Dr. Williams is an amazing vet.  He provides knowledgable, clear vet care to both my cats and dogs and really cares about his clients.  He even came to my Mom's house to put down her 15 yr. old Springer Spaniel that could not travel to the office.  His office staff is kind and efficient.  Vet care is expensive no matter where you go but it is the price we pay for our loving pets...  I HIGHLY recommend this office.
<review# 650,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2010,11/16/2010,17,94,2,3,4>Screamin' Mimi's is expensive? Good Lord, people, don't you know that YOU'RE in charge of the price you pay? Not to mention this is gourmet ice cream that is worth every penny. Try deciding with your brain instead of your stomach and maybe it won't be so "expensive" next time. That's the genius of paying by the ounce!Now, onto the ice cream. It is the stuff dreams are made of. No kidding! I had Mimi's Mud, Local Strawberry, and Peppermint Oreo and was enamored by all three. So darn delicious. The boyfriend had Lemon Poppy and Deep Dark Secret and was equally pleased with his selections. And our German guest (appropriately named Mimi) raved about Cinnamon Pear. I was a little bummed to learn later that they have Pumpkin this month, but it wasn't offered when we were there. I guess that means another visit!I honestly can't believe we didn't make it to Mimi's sooner. Braving the god awful traffic situation in Sebastopol is tolerable when Mimi's is your destination!
<review# 651,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2010,11/15/2010,424,5,,6,4>By far the best Chinese food in Sonoma County that I have tried. My favorite thing to order is the Crab Rangoon appetizer, it comes with a fantastic sweet ginger sauce. Everything is always fresh, hot and perfectly cooked, the staff is friendly and it's a great, relaxed atmosphere...can't wait to go back!
<review# 652,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2010,11/14/2010,41,164,,1,1>A perfect stop after a flat tire and a long hike.BEST bloody mary i've ever had.  bartender was awesome. we had a dozen oysters, a pulled pork sandwich and a salami sandwich. all very delicious and very fresh ingredients.  would definitely make another stop here. glad we decided to go.
<review# 653,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2010,11/13/2010,419,792,,1,1>After near starvation survivable only because our gratious host kept refilling our wine glasses, the two of us were finally joined by our third.  Finally, we could order.  I got the wild salmon rizotto with aspergras, another had the egglplant something, and I forgot what the third had.  It was all good.  The merlot from the barrel was also exceptional.  Deep red, full bodied, a little bit of earthy aroma.  Yum.  The grand finale of tiramisou was also a hit.   I'd defintely come back to this little nook in Fairfax.
<review# 654,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2010,11/12/2010,41,86,1,4,2>Not sure if this is frowned upon, but I'm Yelping this joint as I finish my meal.Service: Righteous. My server is a character and friendly and prompt and my meal took no time to get to me.   (Edited to add that my server was actually one of the owners of the place!  I'm surprised--he looks too young to own such a fixture in Luma.  Anyway, he's great and his restaurant is,too.)Food: Sweet.  Beautiful presentation of very yummy panang pork.Location: Bitchin.  Table outside with trees and umbrellas for shade, right in downtown Luma.This place can't be beat.
<review# 655,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2010,11/11/2010,11,20,,7,1>Best Brazilian! Made the mistake of not waiting and getting them in San Francisco (got traumatized) but Rebecca at Soft Shell always makes it better. The other waxer is good as well (I go on random days of the week so it's whoever is available because both waxers are trusted in my book).Did receive a massage as a gift for here. It was after a car accident (bad judgment on my part) but the masseuse said she could help... I ended up in worse shape. But waxing makes up for all! I always recommend them to everyone.
<review# 656,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2010,11/10/2010,123,1032,3,6,3>A very down-to-Earth bar in a town that arguably has more dogs than people in it. They have no beer on tap, but the bottle selection is pretty good. Locals, imports, etc. Don't ask for anything too fancy cuz you won't get it here, and that's OK. It's Bolinas, go with it. There's food, but again, don't expect anything fancy. Hot wings, hot dogs, cheeseburgers, fries, etc.
<review# 657,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2010,11/9/2010,35,76,3,6,6>More than 12 hours later and I am STILL thinking about my first class at en-er-gy fitness studio. I just have to spread the word about this place.I'm no Yogi. I like yoga and I've taken classes about a dozen or so times at various places. I'm more of a cardio dance kind of girl. I've taken Jazzercise for about 12 years.But the psychedelic stretch class at en-er-gy takes all the best parts of cardio dance, yoga and Pilates and combines them to create the most enjoyable and effective exercise. There was a variety of people in the class I attended from teenagers to grandmothers, and everyone looked happy to be there.It was my personal best workout: I left feeling centered *and* exhilarated. I sweated without doing one high-impact move. The music was GOOD,  not new age waterfall sounds and ocean waves. The people were welcoming and friendly. I woke up pleasantly sore this morning.The center is cozy but plenty big enough for about 10 to 15 students. There are mats and other equipment available for use. The sound system is good quality. There's a changing room. They are opening up a small workout clothing boutique inside soon.The classes are on par with other fitness and yoga centers -- about $10 each if you buy a card, which I will definitely be doing.The instructor for my class, Sue, was informative, positive, encouraging. Her good energy is an excellent asset to the center.
<review# 658,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2009,11/8/2010,122,17,7,4,4>If I was to live in a grocery store, this would be the one. It pretty much has everything I need to be happy:1) A delicious delicatessen - One of the things I love about Marin, is all the great places to get a sando. Mill Valley Market is one of those places. Some of their specialty combos rival the great sandwich places of the North Bay.2) A huge selection of prepared food - I happen to be quite lazy when it comes to preparing dinner. I always wait until I'm hungry before rummaging through the fridge for some munchies. Because of this I tend to use the Microwave far more often than the stove or oven, and let's just face it, "Hungry Man" dinners get kinda boring.Mill Valley Market combats this by offering up a sh*t ton of freshly prepared food I can take home, from spanish and italian dishes, to an amazing soup and salad bar. I've tried a lot of their prepared food, and haven't been disappointed yet.3) A wonderful selection of booze - Nothing makes me want to drink more than the ridiculous yuppies that have taken over the quaint town of Mill Valley like a zombie infestation. Mill Valley Market offers a huge selection of unique beers, wine, and hard alcohol, that helps me forget the impending Mill Valley Gucci/BMW zombie apocalypse. So if you are feeling too lazy to cook tonight, or you just want to steer clear of some of the heavily infested yuppie-zombie organic stores of Mill Valley, check this place out. I should warn you though, most of the stuff is more expensive than you'll get at a chain supermarket.
<review# 659,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2008,11/7/2010,0,120,,4,4>Nathan at the Proof Lab totally Rocks.  This guy is so nice.  He is always helpful, has a smile and even treats people better than you could ask for!  Recently I had to collect donations for a Strawberry School auction and Nate pitched right in and was very generous. He is always nice to the kids.  The Proof Lab has trendy, cute and great stuff.  Excellent prices on wet suits.  Bought a few wet suits there.  Love to give the guy my business!
<review# 660,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2010,11/6/2010,1,186,2,13,2>Okay - full disclosure here.  Two years ago, my partner came into this store with the exact same sofa cushions and inquired about getting new foam for them as Ethan Allan uses the cheapest quality of foam in their furniture despite charging premium prices.  (But I digress...)  He found the sales person to be totally dismissive and of not help whatsoever.  He walked out.Fast forward two years.  I return to the shop with the same cushions and encounter a totally different experience.  The sales person I encountered was exceptionally helpful and knowledgeable.  He listened to what I had to say and made the appropriate recommendation as to the grade and density of foam needed for sofa cushions on a couch utilized by two larger men.He quickly did all of his measurement and I was out the door before my quarter ran out on the meter.As an additional bonus, the cushions arrived almost five days ahead of schedule and the price was certainly right.  What's not to like?!We're so pleased with the results that we are already planning on bringing in more of our cheapo Ethan Allan cushions for replacement.  Guess that says it all.
<review# 661,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2008,1/4/2009,86,177,6,9,9>Stick to the raw fish.  Everything else is just a waste of stomach space.  Seriously.  Well, except for the desserts; they are very inventive: marscapone ice cream with berries, green tea and cherry brioche bread pudding, trio of custards, and the list goes on.The prettiest, perfectly sliced, and most delicious fish I've ever had... and I used to go fishing with my dad and we would grill fish that we caught 20 minutes ago.
<review# 662,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2008,1/2/2009,1137,482,5,7,6>For Sausalito, I actually have not had a whole lotta luck finding a decent Italian spot.  Then one night when I had the TV on in the wee hours of the night, this wanna-be Bay Area Backroads show did this special on local restaurants that used unique ingredients.  They featured Poggio since the chef apparently used exotic truffles that he flew over to Italy to personally buy.Long story short, Poggio serves up some nice Italian fare.  Ambiance and waitstaff are nice as well.  Only disappointment for my visit there was that there was not a single truffle dish on the entire menu.  My waiter however graciously explained to me that there famous truffle menu is offered for only 1 solitary week a year after the truffles are initially purchased in Italy.  So I guess you have to mark your calendars for that one.
<review# 663,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2008,12/31/2008,264,294,6,8,6>It was my birthday a while ago. Chez Panisse was booked, so the ex-boy asked around work for a good date place and came up with Left Bank, in Larkspur. I was a bit apprehensive because it's a chain restaurant...in Marin...but we went anyway.The restaurant itself is adorable. It looks like a giant living room with a fireplace and has decorations of cute pigs everywhere. Mmm, bacon. It being in Marin, the bar was packed with bleached blonde 50-somethings with designer bags and botoxed lips, all of them drinking cosmos and lemon drops.I myself preferred to have a diet coke with grenadine (I know, I know) while we waited for our table. Despite having a reservation, we had to wait for about ten minutes for our table. The hostess wasn't very friendly, but considering how busy the place was, we got seated relatively fast.Being the good boyfriend to a high maintenance foodie girlfriend, the boy told me to order up. I started out with the Salade Lyonnaise, which had frisee lettuce, a poached egg, croutons, and bacon, and was dressed with a mustard vinaigrette ($8.50). Ex had the Salade Verte, which had butter lettuce, herbs, and a dijon mustard vinaigrette ($7.50).My salad was delicious but also a recipe for a heart attack. Overall, it was a little bit greasier than I would have liked. I think that the thick-cut bacon could have been drained a little bit before being put in the salad. Because of the excess of fat, the croutons which were otherwise great, got a bit soft. But other than that, the egg was perfectly cooked and wilted the frisee just enough. Ex's salad was good; it was very basic but that's how he likes his food so it was perfect for him.We also split Moules Florentines, which were steamed mussels in a white wine sauce with spinach ($11.75). By split, I mean that I ate all the mussels, dumped some of the shells onto the Ex's plate, and he mopped up the sauce with bread. The mussels were very nicely cooked, but I think that the sauce could have had a bit thicker.I think our server was new, too, because I had already eaten about half of the dish before he came by with those tiny little forks and plates to put our shells on. I had no problem just using my fingers, and the bread thickened up the sauce and made for another great side dish.While not overly-impressed with my appetizers and the service, I am going to rave about my entree (hence the 4 stars). Two months later, I still want to go back just to have it. While Ex ordered...wait...take a guess...steak and frites ($18.50), cooked medium-well (of course), I ordered the duck with lentils ($20.50). That duck was worth every penny.It was cooked just enough so that the meat was juicy and the skin crispy. I got an entire half of the bird, so it was a struggle to finish everything. Even the boy liked it. The skin had a bit of a sweetness to it, almost like it had been cooked with dried cherries, but the sweetness didn't take away from the overall delicious, fatty flavor of the duck.The lentils were just as delicious. They were cooked a bit al dente, and seemed like they had just been soaked in bacon juice. While they weren't greasy in the slightest, they contained the full flavor of smoked bacon.I was so full at that point that I couldn't even try Ex's fries or get dessert. This is one of the best ducks I have ever had, and apparently it will only be on the restaurant's fall menu, so I need to get back there soon.
<review# 664,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2008,12/30/2008,248,493,10,11,9>Art Deco never should have died. Were we ever so sophisticated as when this style was the height of fashion? Ever so posh? Ever so debonair? My answer is a resounding no. Everyone needs a little Glam from time to time and if you find yours is now, put on your Flapper sequined dress and come down to the Rafael. Art Deco at its finest, this theater was retrofitted and refurbished to its previous glory. I can think of no better place to enjoy that controversial new independent film, or one of my favorites; Willy Wonka.Support your local heritage and catch a fabulous flick at the same time, Dahling.
<review# 665,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2008,12/29/2008,437,895,5,6,5>Reminiscent of Caribbean cuisine, I was very impressed with the foods offer there... I think the only thing missing would be the 4000 miles plus to get to the place.  Very Puerto Rican inside complete with a giant patriotic flag, hot sauces, drinks and the music that I didn't exactly equate it to a "Marin" thing like the previous reviewer.  I had the "Pesco Frito"..and it was cooked as authentic as I've ever seen all the way down to eating the crunchy cheek bones, biting on crispy dorsal fins, sucking out the eye sockets while reaping the rewards of succulent fish meat.  All condiments including rice, beans, plantains are wonderful and highly recommended. The most interesting thing in regards to Pesco Frito has to be recognizing how and when its truly prepared for you.  In most places in Central America, you can venture into local beaches where maybe an hour or two before sunset this specific fried fish is sold at only a hand full of dollars, cleaned and gutted, leaving the head intact and all of the fins, and sometimes (depending on the fish) the scales, fried whole and served with rice and beans.  You need to keep in mind the served rice is suppose to be a kind of safety net, to be eaten, had you accidentally swallow a bone, while the beans is kind of a medium to offset any excess oils from the frying.    There is a kind of system to consume such a thing including what to eat and what not to eat.  Technically the entire fish can be eaten, including gills, skin, most bones, all fleshy meats including the eyeball and socket.  But as any seasoned fish eater will tell you, and I am sure its described in wondrous details in other reviews found on YELP, eat the fish cheeks. Find the fish cheeks right below the eye and above the mouth.  They are very small, usually less than a quarter in size, but don't worry if you mess up finding it on your first try, every fish has two.    Go ahead an much away most the fins as by the time they get out of the fryer they will be crispy enough to be eaten like fish flavored potato chips.  You may discover most the inner bones are probably too moist to be eaten as well, but don't waste it, give it to the cat.
<review# 666,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2008,12/28/2008,4733,976,3,3,3>This was love at first visit. If you love Italian food but hate the feeling of being stuffed afterwards, Vin Antico has the remedy...small plates of unique Italian dishes like grilled eggplant with housemade mozzarella and mushroom ragout (hearty and delicious), or flatbread pizza with pancetta, fried egg and truffle oil (so rich and flavorful, a must try). Between the two of us, we shared these two dishes and a couple glasses of wine and were completely satisfied. And my favorite part was sitting at the "bar" around the open kitchen where we could gawk at each dish as it was perfected. Service was fast, and the staff was very knowledgable and attentive, even though it was a bustling Saturday night and we were just a couple of punks sitting at the bar. I will definitely be back to chip away at the tantilizing menu.
<review# 667,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2008,12/26/2008,120,104,8,6,6>Sushi 69 has amazingly fresh fish!  Definitely the best sushi I've had in the Bay Area.  Some people call sushi edible art and after seeing Takeshi and Hiroyuki's work I can see why.  Came here on a date a week or so ago, and man was I impressed.  The freshness is unmatched, and the variety is off the charts!  They had no less than 4 fish that I had never heard of, as well as the usual suspects...  Being the curious fellow that I am, I had to go with at least one exotic choice(where else will I get to try threadfin bream?).  Between that, the albacore sashimi, and the uni I was in sushi heaven!  The uni was the freshest, most delicious I've ever had, and believe me I've had a lot of uni.  Takeshi showed his mastery with the negi toro hand roll.  I'd go back just for a few more of those!  The only down side is that there's really no kitchen to speak of, so there are approximately two cooked options on the entire menu...  So if you're like my date, and not a big sushi fan there's really nothing here for you.  My unfortunate choice to bring a non-sushi date here was thankfully saved as the uni lived up to it's reputation later that night...  ;)  Awww yeah...  It's buisness time!  Bottom Line:  If you're looking for just sushi, you really can't beat Sushi 69 for freshness and creativity.  If you're a sushi snob I urge you to put this place to the test, they'll pass with flying colors...
<review# 668,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2008,12/25/2008,61,320,1,6,5>The selection of tea and tea accoutrement is absolutly overwhelming.   You'll only find high quality loose tea here.  Each tea has a "tester" so you can sniff before you buy.  They have the best selection of white teas I've ever seen.  You can also find rare Himalayan pink salt here packaged in various quantities.  You'll find japanese tea sets, iron, ceramic, glass and other style tea pots, books about tea, tea mugs and cups, tea filters, storage containers, etc.  They carry a large selection of Blomus and Bodum products.   The owner is friendly and extremely knowledgable but will let you quietly shop without interrupting.
<review# 669,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2008,12/23/2008,399,204,11,17,12>I'm officially spoiled. After my second accident in my new car, an estimate of over $9000 in damages, and insurance wanting to write it off as a total loss, Barsotti's really made a time machine and got my then hopeless car good as new again. And in only a week! And all OEM parts! On top of that, they threw in a warranty for me to guarantee their work. AND they waited for me to come pick up my car even after they were closing. The good stuff never ends!I completed their customer survey the minute I got home:1. Did the quality of the paint refinish meet your expectations?- Yes! My car looked like I just bought it and they did a flawless job, especially considering I thought my car was not repairable.2. Did the quality of the body repairs meet your expectations?- Yes! Absolutely! Barsotti's did such a great job with my car last time in May that I brought it back after my accident in November and the quality of repairs this time did not meet my expectations, they EXCEEDED them!3. Were you treated in a friendly, professional and helpful manner?- Scale of 1-10, 1 being Poor and 10 being Excellent, I gave them a 10. Roland and his staff are the best! They have been so courteous to me and have been excellent in communicating and following up on the issues with my car.4. Would you recommend this repair facility to your friends and family?- Yes! They spoiled me - I don't think I can take my car anywhere else.5. Did the time it took to complete the repairs match your expectations?- Yes! For all the damages done to my vehicle, I was surprised that the turnaround time was only a week. VERY fast!6. Compliments / Questions / Suggestions for improvement or comments about the repair facility:- I cannot compliment Barsotti's enough. I was very skeptical about auto body shops because of all the stereotypical stories about shops always trying to cheat you out of your money, but Barsotti's really shows care for their customers and really take pride in their work.I'm mailing that survey in today. Did I mention Roland also looks like James Bond from Casino Royale and Quantum of Solace?
<review# 670,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2008,12/22/2008,1258,548,18,20,17>Tyler Florence of the Food Channel seems like the perfect Hitchcock Blond, compared to the likes of the Stepford Women, Rachael Ray and Giada.  The other women fit into their categories well, like Paula Deen as Jessica Claus, cooking with vats of butter for the sole purpose of fattening up Santa in time for Christmas.  And then there's Nigella, the Bond Girl of the bunch.  She looks gorgeous, sexy, and can most likely suck the skin off a grape in a wink. (I have a hunch she could also kill you with her pinky finger if you looked at her funny.)Tyler is the oddball of the bunch.  He's like a cool, well-coiffed version of Bobby Flay with the sophistication of a well-to-do debutante.  And his store reflects this chilly attitude, but with the added effort of trying to exude a homey elegance.  It's William-Sonoma without the huge inventory.Their stock is limited, but varied.  They carry a lot of different things for cooking, less so for baking.  The Le Creuset is prominently displayed up front with the Kitchen Aid and Viking machines, all made in PRC (the People's Republic of China.)  There was a nice selection of books in the back, and all of Tyler's in the front.  Make sure you take note of the perfect hair and boyish grin.  It's hard to resist a Hitchcock Blond, after all.
<review# 671,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2007,3/30/2012,44,303,1,3,3>It really is the very best. I have at least 2-3 cups a day. Today it's been all about the "Organic Mint Melange".
<review# 672,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2009,3/29/2012,100,150,4,5,3>Emily is a wizard with my man's hair.  He has that weird white guy, hybrid Mexican guy, stand up straight.. no fun hair to cut.  Every time he comes home, I want to jump him.Alyssa just did my BEST girlfriend's hair for her wedding on the fourth of July and let me just say.. Holy Shit!  1st of all, she was a stand in after Emily had an emergency last minute and couldn't make the wedding. She recommended Alyssa who KILLED IT! Alyssa and Erin met for like 15 minutes 3 days before the wedding and needless to say my girl Erin was a little nervous, but had to go for it!  When Alyssa arrived on the wedding site, she was calm, collected and great energy to have around the bride.  Within 30 minutes I could see the smile on Erin's face as Alyssa transformed her short blunt cut bob into the most elegant up-do.  It was perfect! Thanks to Emily for the recommendation and thanks to Alyssa for changing her 4th of July plans to make Erin the most beautiful bride ever!
<review# 673,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2007,3/28/2012,14,13,,2,1>Love Spider Murphy's!! It's Clean, Professional, and it Rocks!!! Matt did an AWESOME Job on my Hibiscus flowers and Stu Rocked My Swallow bird Tatt and my cute Pink bow!!  Very Highly recommended. I will be back for more!
<review# 674,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2010,3/27/2012,103,359,3,4,3>I have to agree with the first review. Amanda hit the nail on the head when she described this jewel. It does blend a little of the old fashioned with the jars of herbs and lotions sold by the ounce as well as the modern with the latest water soluble vitamins by Innate. I enjoyed my herb and tea conversation with the knowledgeable staff and I like what the owners have to offer. I can't wait for the Thurs. night lecture series and I look forward to taking advantage of the services that are offered in the offices upstairs like, message, and individual nutritional adviser. I'm looking forward to returning the Gathering Thyme to browse in their upstairs library.
<review# 675,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2010,3/26/2012,25,47,2,4,4>I just had a treatment at the Yellow Emperor by Yen Wei Choong.He has been in business for forty years.Yen Wei is an intuitive and sweet man he makes everyone feel like they are important.The needles went in quickly and with absolute precision.But my journey was not over yet.I heard music and smelled healing herbs.He did not leave me there,he was busy doing all sorts of stuff to make everything work.Warm lights,detoxifying spray were applied.I felt myself drift off even leave my body for a moment.There was no lag time.He was on it.He then used cupping to detox some areas of my neck & shoulder.I sensed some prayers and just like that he was done.My fever was broken.I have had acupuncture in Marin, San Fransisco,& in New York City.Hands down,Yen Wei is the best.When you are there its cozy like home & I love that.He offers a variety of his own prepackaged teas.Try the "Bug Juice" its always on the front desk & tastes great.I bought another of his prepackaged teas I drink it all the time.Also he can make up personal teas for clients.This is an old fashioned notion sadly lost in the modern age of acupuncture.Overall, I love this place.Yen Wei really is the Yellow Emperor.
<review# 676,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2011,3/25/2012,12,57,1,2,2>I love this place!  Marni and her staff are awesome.  My twin girls just had their 6th birthday party in the party room!  All the girls had a great time!
<review# 677,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2008,3/24/2012,29,55,4,3,2>I've been attending classes at Voicetrax for a while now, on and off for financial reasons, but if I had the wherewithal, you can be sure that I'd be spending more time there to reach my goal of being a bona fide voice actor.  I couldn't believe that there would be people on Yelp who would give this place a one star rating!  Samantha takes this very seriously and is genuinely interested in the progress of EACH_AND_EVERY student who comes to her for this education.  It doesn't stop there, either.  So far every one of my instructors at Voicetrax has demonstrated a genuine thirst to dispense the absolute best knowledge from their personal experiences in the industry.  The comraderie that exists between the students is pretty unmatched - for example, one of my classmates actually started up a social network for the students who attend the school for the purpose of sharing experiences and soundbytes, (not to mention the fact that we all now have a way of staying in touch).To address the environment, sure the rooms are not your typical classroom environment, but come now.....let's think about this....Voice Acting not your typical career now isn't it.For all you FOO FOO heads who gave this place one star, pull that porcupine out of your ass and go back to Mcdonalds  or Wal Mart where you belong.(oh,, was that my outside voice?)
<review# 678,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2012,3/23/2012,3,12,,2,1>The pizza is as authentic as you can find outside of Italy. The ingredients, especially the tomato sauce, hit the spot. The mozzarella cheese topped it in only the way a truly Italian pizza can.Price is good. Cash only.Atmosphere very casual, almost like sitting in a fast food restaurant. But truly great food to make up for it.Service was great and staff was very friendly.
<review# 679,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2011,3/22/2012,184,265,3,2,3>This is a really great place. There's nothing dirty or grungy about it, just clean and whimsical fun and funny things!I made my first purchase here because I realized that one corset just wasn't enough, and I remembered that my good friend Eryn works there, so I came in to shop around. She helped fit me into the corsets, tried looking for another in my size, and managed to answer phones and help other customers simultaneously. I left with a cute burgundy and black corset and plan to come back for more, possibly some suggestively-shaped cookie cutters or boob pasta.Pleasures of the Heart and Eryn both rock!
<review# 680,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2011,3/21/2012,86,345,2,4,5>LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOVE this awesome little place. Super clean, super chilly (excellent a/c!!), small but decent beer selection, lots of fresh fruits, nice candy selection - both of American and Mexican descent - they even have dish washing soap and laundry detergent. For a corner store of sorts, they are very well-stocked. Plus the owner, Jerry, is really nice and friendly. This place is within walking distance of the Best Western and Indian Springs Resort, and it's on the same little street as Cottage Grove Inn and Brannan Cottage.
<review# 681,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2011,8/29/2011,27,8,2,6,2>I started at Marin MMA about three months ago with the hope to get in shape.  Now i want to compete (very badly).  The instruction is positive, helpful and delivered with just enough pressure to make you feel great about the workout.  I never dread coming in to Marin MMA.  And if you're worried about being laughed at or embarrassed, don't be! everyone is extremely nice and helpful instructors and teammates alike.
<review# 682,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2010,8/28/2011,0,7,2,5,3>Hank (Chihuahua terrier mix) and I, love going in every couple of days to get some new treats.  Hank loves the Raw marrow bones and braided chew bones, oh and the good real food teeth cleaning chew bones We love the treatment that we get there.Check 'em out.
<review# 683,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/24/2011,8/27/2011,19,179,1,6,3>So I've visited the Sonoma Taste Of The Himalayas a couple of times in the past and really enjoyed that experience.  When I saw the Old Adobe building was reopening once again as a TOH I was cautiously optimistic; would it be as good?  Does it deliver anything better than we can already get at Neela's, our local Indian restaurant?  WILL IT SURVIVE in the famously deadly location of the Old Adobe?The answer is mixed, but still filled with optimism.The Old Adobe is one of Napa County's oldest buildings, built 168 years ago.  There are fewer than 500 of these types of buildings left in California, most of them in the south.  It's held (for as long as I can remember) a Mexican place...a Cuban place (for about 10 minutes)...another Mexican place...well, you get the idea.  Not a lot of stuff has survived for very long there.So my wife, son and I went for dinner last night.  We started off with pakoras and lamb momo, which are little potsticker-like dumplings on a mild but flavorful bed of sauce; if you're familiar with Afghan food, they're actually closer to mantoo than potstickers.  The pakoras were okay; there was an odd flavor that permeated them that I couldn't identify.  The mint and tamarind sauces helped mask it.  The momo was absolutely spectacular...I could have eaten about three trays of those myself.  The lamb was spiced perfectly, the dumpling was soft and had the right amount of chewy texture (e.g. NOT TOO MUCH), and the tomato sauce complimented, rather than overpowered, the flavors.  Score!When ordering entrees, we all ordered curry dishes.  They gave us the "spiciness" option of mild, medium, or hot on each.For mains my wife had the palak paneer (mild) which was quite good.  It needed a little character, and maybe ordering the "medium".  My son had the curried vegetables (mild) which was probably my favorite dish ordered.  An excellent selection of zucchini, carrots, chickpeas (I think) and others in a flavorful sauce with a slight hint of sweet & sour.  Gotta look that recipe up for doing at home.I ordered the lamb vindaloo (hot), which was generally disappointing in the regards that it was really just a blast furnace of a one-dimensional, tomato based sauce.  It was edible, as the lamb was generally cooked well, with equal amounts of potato.  But not only have I had better, but I've had better in Napa.  I know, complaining about vindaloo being a "blast-furnace" is sort of ridiculous, but I get spicy all the time and if you make me sweat, give me some reward beyond the endorphin rush, please.  I can sit at home and eat a can of cayenne and wash it down with vinegar for the same effect, thank you.  I'm also well aware that there are almost as many vindaloo recipes as there are people who cook it.  My point is this was not my favorite and I won't order it again.  If you want a tomato-based blast furnace, go for it.  You might dig it.  I didn't.  OK?  Moving on...Yet there are so many options on the menu that I can return a dozen times and not hit the same dish twice; a true asset to a place like this.  Furthermore, at least in the short term, I don't see this place having trouble filling the seats; it's been open a little more than a week and the place was almost full by the time we left at 6:30.  It's a good sign.Service was very good, very polite, and always with a smile.  There were little "speed" issues in some areas but that's to be expected with such a new place.  One final note: we normally try to take our son to dinner with us to places like this whenever we can.  He's usually a great dining companion- very well behaved, polite, and not whiny.  Last night he was decidedly NOT (can't win 'em all).  Yet he devoured his veggie curry and totally destroyed every piece of momo we put in front of him.  They do not have a children's menu, do not have plastic cups (even to-go cups, apparently), and no booster seats- only a high chair.  These are not criticisms: this is a fair warning for parents who take their kids out to eat.  Plan ahead.  TOH did their best to accommodate him and we thanked them for it (along with a generous tip).Taste of the Himalayas shows enormous potential to be a solid, reliable place for great food in Napa.  They have a little ways to go in some respects, but given the crowd last night unless they start intentionally spilling dishes into diners' laps they'll have plenty of time to iron out these small issues and make this place really enjoyable.The tab last night for two appetizers, three entrees, two glasses of milk (for my son) and two spiced iced teas: $60 minus tip. Only three stars this time, but I'll be back and I have a feeling we'll be bumping that up by one (or hopefully two).
<review# 684,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2011,8/26/2011,174,143,3,6,2>I had to have an emergency removal of a very pesky wisdom tooth removed last Tuesday and I called for the appointment at 8:30 on that very day. They fit me in within an hour! Not only is the staff amazing but the office has top-of-the-line equipment. Dr Lee is very kind, very informative and took me seriously when I arrived the next week, convinced that I had a raging infection. Nope, turns out I'm just a big wimp in regards to pain! My dentist referred me and I would recommended Dr Lee to anyone needing oral surgery.
<review# 685,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2011,8/25/2011,147,287,8,13,9>Right, I gotta admit something. First time I came here, the sushi was okay. Better than Sushi to Killya, but not outstanding. The udon tho. Ahhh, the udon....Oooh, I need a minute.Anyways, tonight I wanted sushi in walking distance, so we hit up Umi. And God DAMN.Three rolls. Tempura roll was FRESH. I'm talking FRESH. Gorgeous, crispy, piping hot. The spicy tuna was glorious. Then there was the Umi Lady. Hamachi, unagi, salmon, sake. And apparently crack. Yes, crack. Crack, I'm tellin' ya, crack. Amazing stuff.Then came the sashimi. Hang on, I need another moment....*sigh*Look, I'm not gonna beat around the bush (any more than I already have.) This was the best sushi I've had in Marin. Better than Sushiholic, CERTAINLY better than Sushi to Dai For, better than Amberjack, better even than Sushi Ran. Maguro was perfect, salmon was the best I've had, hamachi phenomenal... Only black mark was the shrimp, which was out of place on a plate of sashimi.All in all tho, brilliant stuff - and now my go-to sushi joint.
<review# 686,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2011,8/24/2011,103,359,5,6,5>This is a charming shop downtown Mill Valley.  It is the perfect addition to specialty shops located in the area.  The selection of fine, mostly children's products is unique.  The playful learning toys are handmade of soft sided products.  I like specialty pillows with an image of a childrens barn and a little cut out where the barn door would be located.  Inside is a little pocket with a small animal.  The rounded edged learning toys are brightly colored yet non-toxic.  The childrens cloths are made of soft cotton in comfortable, breathable designs or made of stretchy knits.  They have a collection of rag-sandles, made of colorful cotton fabric.  I hear it's all the rage in Japan.   The counter features handmade candies made from felt fabric and by-golly they look like real treats.
<review# 687,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2011,8/23/2011,31,74,1,4,3>Amazing veggie burritos, horchata, chips and salsa.  Pretty cheap, but not cheaper than Favorito.  They also have beer. I ordered mine to go, and I was wondering, why is it on a plate?  Well, it's huge but it doesn't hold its shape very well.  The filling is very wet - a lot of guac, sour cream, salsa and beans will do that I suppose.  I can forgive because the taste is so awesome.  The plate is made of styrofoam and this is the only bad part of my whole experience, I am not used to incurring a styrofoam debt for a to-go burrito.  I would knock off half a star for this if I could.Guys, get those paper baskets, they gotta be just as cheap.This is my new favorite taqueria in Sebastopol.The parking lot is pretty busy, and the restaurant itself is pretty small and not that pleasant to be in.
<review# 688,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2011,8/22/2011,63,261,2,6,4>$5 burger!! Perfect weather for the outdoor dining, which is always my preference, and it made for a great atmosphere. Burger was huge, cooked perfectly, and accompanied by house made chips. I was hoping for sweet potato fries but those aren't available on Wednesdays. Anyhow, will definitely go back!
<review# 689,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2011,8/21/2011,2595,287,1,2,2>This place is a Celiac's dream...I absolutely love coming here, despite that I always eat too much here. You can't help it!!!Northbay Celiacs actually had one of our meetings here, and we were allowed to try a selection of the pastas and a gluten free lasagna, as well as a gluten free lemon dessert that was out of this world.My favorite dish is the prawn pasta...so yummy, and whenever I get it, everyone around me remarks that it smells and looks so good, they want to get it next time.
<review# 690,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2011,8/20/2011,1,13,1,3,2>I love this restaurant!  We go here a lot.  My partner orders the taquitos and I love the tamales.  The prices can't get any better (8 bucks for many items).  The ambiance is really cute and colorful.  The only reason I give it a 4 is because once I ordered an enchilada or something like that and I didn't like the vegetables, they were mushy and didn't taste that fresh (Maybe previously frozen?).  I love their salads and dressings, and almost everything you order is a hit.  The staff are friendly, too!
<review# 691,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2013,3/7/2014,0,53,2,6,5>Boca has a nice and large pizza oven, but there are other menu options that they do well also.  I've been here twice and both times, I passed on the pizza and elected the lamb sandwich, which is top notch if you are into lamb.  The sandwich is sizable and comes with a mix green salad.  The meat was tasty and tender.  By the time you are done, you won't have room for desert.  My lunch partner had a beet salad.  That too, was delicious and very sizable.  The next time I am in the area, I'll have to try the pizza and comment about that.Pros:  Many lunch items for under $10, free parking (in mall), attentive staff, good food.Cons:  A bit out of the way unless you are in the area or passing thru.
<review# 692,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2013,3/6/2014,67,40,1,7,3>I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!!I go here for hair cut and color, extensions, Brazilians, and eyebrow tint and wax. The service is fantastic and really refreshing because all the girls that work here actually enjoy what they do and you can tell by their attitudes and the way they treat/take care of their customers.If you are looking for extensions with an awesome style and color you must see Shay. She has the hands of a god when it comes to doing extensions, and I have never received so many compliments on my hair. She always keeps great conversation and never makes you feel awkward in her chair. Seriously the best around!!!For waxing ask for the best who would be Liana. She is so awesome every time you come in and makes you feel right at home. The Brazilian is always smooth and comfortable and carefully done to perfection!! As for the eyebrows, I started coming to Liana 2 years ago and am now addicted to the tint and wax that she has mastered. Super sweet and never flawed. This place is a hidden gem tucked away in the town of Mill Valley and anyone in search of a new salon should definitely check this place out!!!!!
<review# 693,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2014,3/5/2014,314,37,8,12,9>Cameo Cinema is such a classic, rustic theater located in the heart of downtown St. Helena. This theater takes you back in time and it's one of the oldest single-screen theaters in the U.S. Between the large antique mirrors displayed along the walls accompanied by larger movie posters that showcase some of the classics in film and the ceilings of ornamental pressed steel, it's just the start of the Cameo ambience. Toss in the fact that the seats are red velvet and showcase multiple love seats towards the back of the theater will make you want to stay here regardless of what film you're about to see. Add in the traditional concession stand that includes: a classic popcorn maker, freshly made coffee on the spot, a variety of candies by the bar and/or box, Annie the Baker Cookies, Model Bakery goodies and an assortment of beverages. A chalkboard above the cashier will provide you with prices of all these lovely treats. If you bring in your own bowl the concession stand only charges you $3 to fill it (equivalent to their large popcorn price). You will also be purchasing your movie theater tickets at the concession stand. VERY affordable. For a matinee it's $6 a person, general admission is $10 a person, family film series $5 and if you're a student/senior/military/child (under 12) are $8. The Cinema now offers both 35mm film projection and Digital Cinema with Dolby 3-D capabilities. GREAT quality. The Cameo only shows up to three or four films a day. It depends but they do have their website at cameocinema.com and will provide you a calendar of show times, prices, movie information, etc. Popular movies can accumulate quite the crowd so plan accordingly, especially during the weekends. The Cameo is on the smaller scale compared to modern theaters, it will fill quickly.Since the Cameo is conveniently located in the heart of downtown St. Helena you can easily grab a bite to eat before or after your movie. There are tons of boutiques to look through as well. The Cameo is simply the icing on the cake when it comes to your St. Helena adventure. I highly recommend any one and every one to experience what the Cameo has to offer. You won't regret it!
<review# 694,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2013,3/4/2014,11,53,3,7,5>I've lived in Sonoma for 3 years now and this is the only place I've found where the average Joe ( or Jane) can hang out without putting on airs. I didn't even know they had working class people under the age of 50 in this town before I got here. Come in your jeans and hang out with friends. The beer snobs of Sonoma (myself) will love the selection of 32 beers on tap. The owner has a great palate and always has something tasty on tap. Some beers are regulars like the Tangerine Wheat, others last maybe a day. They do not serve food here, but the mexican place next door serves food there or you can bring food from home which really saves a bundle. Even the lush regulars are sweet and friendly.
<review# 695,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2014,3/3/2014,97,98,2,8,4>This place is a solid 4 stars! Definitely not 3 and definitely not 5, but I will be going here again!Briefly:Food: Amazing!Cocktails: Amazing!Service: The better side of mediocre.Ambiance: Pleasing, but crowdedFood:So, I have been known to be a picky eater. You get to many fancy things on a menu that I can't pronounce and I clam up. :) This was the case when we sat down and looked at our menus. However, I took up some courage and decided I was going to venture out and try new things (my wife has had a significant impact on this area of my life). We ordered all these different things that sounded mildly scary like bacon wrapped dates, tamarind chicken wings, sun choke leak soup, and some other things I don't remember at the moment. Everything was phenomenal! The flavor was exquisite, the texture was wonderful, and the overall experience was amazing. I used to work at a Micheline rated restaurant and the quality of this food was almost on par! Cocktails:I am a big cocktail fan. I like savory, I like sweet, and I also enjoy in your face boldness. I forget the bartender's name, but it's the main guy. He makes a new Mojito every Monday and they don't repeat! My wife had been here before, so I ordered the Mojito she had back in Ocotober and she ordered his newest creation. Both were quite excellent! My only complaint is I prefer the mint strained out of my mojitos. I know it looks prettier with the mint in the glass, but seriously I don't like smiling with all this green in between my teeth. Service:I intentionally put this after the food and cocktails, because this was the ONLY downside to the evening. Let me give some background. We weren't planning on going here this evening, so we didn't have reservations and they were busy! It was a Saturday night. That being said there was room at the bar and they still got us a table in less than 30 minutes (pretty impressive). However, the bartender left us without water and menus for about 15 minutes. This is one of my pet peeves. Water should be on the table within 30 seconds of sitting. As you go down the scale of high end to low end the length of time gets longer, but 5 minutes is unacceptable and 15 minutes is worthy of walking out and getting fast food! Next, when the soup first arrived it was lukewarm. I told our server and she was quite apologetic and immediately replaced it with HOT soup, which as I mentioned was delicious! Finally, we had ordered an appetizer called "carmel bacon popcorn" or something like that and our server forgot about it, but it was actually a good thing, because it is really more of a dessert than an appetizer. Ambiance:The feel of the place is pretty cool. There is a horseshoe bar in the middle kind of a centerpiece to the room. The floors are polished concrete giving it an industrial feel to fit the Barlow (where it is located). I lighting is also very nice, a little dim giving it more of a cozy feel even though it is a large room with no walls and a high ceiling.Tips:-Get the most recent Mojito creation-The chicken wings are great!-Take courage! Even if the dish sounds scary, I'm sure it's delicious!
<review# 696,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2013,3/2/2014,10,98,1,8,5>One of the best dining experiences I've had in ages! Completely unflawed!Arrived at 5:45 for a 6pm reservation. They sat us quickly in the outdoor patio which was gorgeous on this warm, summer night. We got a table up on the deck (there are 4 tables up in the "deck" area). Request that area, as it is sheltered from any breeze that might start later in the evening.The staff was perfectly attentive, yet not in your face. Answered all questions about the brief menu without qualms.  I thoroughly enjoyed a glass of Argentina white for $6.50. $6.50 for a glass of delicious wine in Sonoma is pretty much unheard of.  Hubs enjoyed a beer.  We relaxed for a bit before a shared appetizer of Halibut, thinly sliced, topped with grapefruit and avocado. It was superb.Hubs had the rib eye steak and potatoes and loved it. I had the Chicken "Al Mattone" which was perfectly cooked chicken breast with a side of polenta and greens.  So delicious, that we didn't have room for dessert because we ate so much!  I loved that the food was served HOT! When was the last time you truly got a HOT meal? Uusally luke warm.  This is going straight to our top five for dinner in Sonoma. On Wednesdays, they show an old classic film out on the patio while you dine. I hope to check that out soon!Total bill was $100 for two adult beverages, two entrees, and one appetizer.  For Sonoma, a great value for superb service and food.
<review# 697,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2014,3/1/2014,0,15,1,5,4>It has taken us years to get here, and I don't know why.  It is wonderful, yes it is pricey, but what is money for?  It is for the encouragement of people to attend to scads of details in a lovely way.  It is for fabulous food.  It is so people will build beautiful places.  So get out that dough and don't miss the tasting menu.  While looking at the menu, a quick cost accounting indicated that I could get the 7 course tasting menu for just $30 more than our usual starter, main, and finisher.  The portion size is appropriate if you are going to get through all 7 courses.  I did not leave hungry and only ate 1 meal the next day because I was so satisfied.  BTW, the $25 corkage is waved if you buy a bottle, buy one get one free so to speak.  Tasting menu... Bravo!!!
<review# 698,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2013,2/28/2014,100,93,1,5,3>This place is great!  The daytime bartenders are super friendly....very attentive Thursday & Fridays seem busy!  Happy hour mon-fri 4-10pm!!! 3.50 well drinks 4.00 draft beers!  Tuesday's is karaoke 10pm to close its a great amostphere Wednesday night is super fun w 2 dj's with dancing great specials by the bartender who is very nice....Thursday's dj's and dancing w awesome specials!!! Fri & sat is busy!!! Dance till you can't dance no more!
<review# 699,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2013,2/27/2014,142,267,6,5,3>If you're like me, you have the unfortunate need to endlessly shop for cosmetics that you'll use once then lose in the bottom of your many purses.  Thankfully, Ulta is there to provide you with discounts and specials that makes your wasteful spending appear almost justified! It's the middle class woman's Sephora! And they have a salon!Came for a visit during my lunchtime to get my hair blown and styled and ready for a holiday dinner with friends.  I left with my hair looking like Peg Bundy's and with a ton of products.  I am not even kidding!  It was so exaggerated that people avoided eye contact with me when they saw my hair.  Luckily, after a couple of hours my hair calmed down a little and looked fabulous by dinner time.  Overall, the $39 they charged which included a new customer discount was a great deal.  Next time I'll probably ask them to ease up on the products though-I'm pretty sure my hair sped up global warming somehow!This location is easily accessible from the freeway and has plenty of parking.
<review# 700,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2013,2/26/2014,37,45,2,7,4>Awesome. Every time I've been there - just awesome. This medium-sized joint in Yountville could easily be confused for a stuffy place at first glance. In my experience, to the contrary, it's nothing of the sort. The staff is super friendly, helpful, and tolerant of parties with one or more people who...let's just say, have had a glass too many before arriving. Whether you're sitting in the dining room savoring a 5 course tasting menu, or chilling at the bar for a quick break from the hustle & bustle of Yountville (haha!), the menus are full of ridiculously delicious, but not overly heavy, fare. Pork belly and prociutto pizza? Crispy and yum. Duck confit with foie gras meatballs = awesome (when they used to serve them). Perfectly done scallops? Check. The dessert churros are absolutely delectable too.I'm a big Thomas Keller fan and LOVE The French Laundry to tears, but I must say that Redd tops his other two restaurants, Bouchon or Ad Hoc (on most nights), for creativity and flavor. It gets bonus points for being able to wow you and satiate your appetite without making you feel heavy and stuffed.Even if you don't have reservations, you're pretty likely to get at least a seat near the bar as a walk-in. So, what are you waiting for? Go for it!!!  :)
<review# 701,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2011,11/19/2011,352,403,2,3,3>One of my go-to favorite places to go to in Petaluma.  They have an interesting Asian fusion thing going on here that I like.  They've got a bunch of interesting wraps that I haven't tried yet.  My "usual" order here is the beef fajitas with noodles.  The trip-tip beef is seasoned in a Mexican fajita style and stir fry it with udon noodles, bell peppers, and mushrooms.  The portions are pretty generous, if you don't come here hungry, you'll probably need to take some food to go. Really legit place, I like it.
<review# 702,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2011,11/18/2011,83,446,4,4,4>I attended my first event at The Headlands Center for the Arts last week. It was the 5-course artesenal insect meal and mezcal pairing. I really didn't think I'd eat any bugs, but evidently a little crack was open in that door, as by the 3rd course I was chowing them down like there was no tomorrow. The whole event was wonderful, from start to finish. The people there had a GREAT vibe. I had never been to the facility at all before this. This location is visually stunning in a pastoral canyon sort of way. It seems like another country there in a good way. Very quiet and serene and there is just this great energy all around--from the people who volunteer, to those in the arts, to the artistic way these old army buildings are presented. Every nook and cranny is a major photo op. Kudos to everyone involved in this fabulous organization! This institution is a valentine to the arts.
<review# 703,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2010,11/17/2011,27,20,1,3,2>There's so many trail heads to this Mountain. There is so many different levels of difficulty.  You get great views when walking up of Marin, Mt diablo, S.F. ect.. Great place to see Marin rolling hill.
<review# 704,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2011,11/16/2011,252,234,2,3,3>Moustache Baked Goods is a great addition to Healdsburg. The little cakes are pricey to say the least, but damn good. The pumpkin whoopie pie was creamy, moist, rich and delicious. The caramel cupcake with sea salt on top- amazing. I could sit and eat those all day long instead of going to Starbucks for a salted caramel mocha.... The owner is a delight. He is charming and genuinely happy to be right where he is. I hope this places does well. I know $3 for a cupcake is a lot of loot but its not much worse than spending $12 on a cocktail. Its artistry.
<review# 705,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2010,11/15/2011,152,59,4,3,5>I've been going here for probably fifteen years and it is still one of the only Mexican places I actually CRAVE.  Their burritos are giant and when they're covered in cheese and red sauce, you can't get any better than that!I've had a lot of friends insist that La Azteca is not what it used to be which maybe it's not, but I still love it and probably always will.
<review# 706,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2011,11/14/2011,29,59,5,7,7>This should be in the packet of information they give you when moving to Marin.  Casual atmosphere, but no taco shop - appropriate for Saturday night dinner.  Great service- like a friend is in the kitchen and his brother is bringing out the entrees.  Low prices- $10/plate.  Amazing food.I took the server's recommendation and went with the snapper burrito - wise move, except for the fact I had to roll out of there.  This place has instantly shot to the top of my favorites list.
<review# 707,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2011,11/13/2011,81,202,9,9,7>End-Of-The-World Scenarios can make you hungry and thirsty very quick.Picture a traffic-heavy Sunday afternoon on Second Street in San Rafael where suddenly every traffic light you can see for the next two miles all go out at the same time.  I had to get OUT of this mess, quick!  Being a "Lefty" I was in the left lane of a three lane one way and decided it was extremely important I make, uh, left into whatever place was next.  And here was Belli Deli.I hadn't been to this place in at least 10 years.  Were they even open?  If this is the End of Times, do they have something I could live with eating, let alone large amounts of water and carbonated energy drinks?  The answers were 'yes', 'yes' and 'yes'...so while I couldn't really see the menu, I just ordered my default Turkey sandwich and gave thanks that the people were nice and happy to have me there.So, over to the window to see what I ordered, sit down and watch the ensuing gridlock of cars stuck in traffic pointlessly honking at each other.  That made the Turkey Sandwich taste EVEN BETTER.  It still never fails me that it is a lucky thing being left-handed.
<review# 708,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2011,11/12/2011,99,207,4,6,5>Another 5 star review for Elliot. He helped me with my car battery issues, serviced little blue at it's 60k (ok, it was honestly way past 60k), was thorough and I didn't break the bank. He's always super helpful on the phone and tries to fit you in whenever he can (he's def. a busy man).Thanks again Elliot for making my car sing!
<review# 709,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2011,11/11/2011,86,345,2,5,2>Just imagine... a tiny round ball of goodness, perfectly crispy on the outside, and soft, and gooey on the inside. Just a little steam comes out as you crunch in for your first bite... and then in the blink of an eye (or your next bite later)... it's gone! But luckily, you'll have seven more to go THANK GOD! To what am I referring? The outstanding Arancine  of course (risotto, prosciutto, mozzarella arugula)! These deep fried balls of heaven were outstanding! AND... I took them to go! Just imagine if I'd eaten them there. Within the first 30 seconds of walking into Barolo I had been greeted and asked by no less than three people if they could help me. And help they did! They brought out my to-go order quickly, with smiles on their faces. And as I said, the arancine was delish, and my lasagna was also amazing. Perfectly seasoned, great marinara. Just really good food! I cannot wait to come back to this place and actually sit down for dinner.
<review# 710,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2011,11/10/2011,40,193,,1,1>Love this place!! Fresh delicious donuts, cheap prices, friendly staff smiling at 6am, what more could you ask for?!?! My daughter loves saving her change to get a donut and an orange juice, where else can you get 2 chocolate sprinkle donuts and a sunny d orange juice for $1.40!
<review# 711,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2012,7/10/2013,0,2,2,4,2>We just got back from a fabulous experience with Napa Valley Aloft Balloon Company. Beginning to end. We started with helpful bookings, friendly informative staff, "Sergio" our professional and knowledgeable pilot made the ride comfortable and fun, a perfect day weather wise, the comfortable basket and fellow riders/tourists made for a lot of fun photo taking. After landing we all ended the experience with a scrumptious full breakfast with champagne at Pacific Blues Restaurant in Yountville.  Breakfast was included in our price and well worth it! This was my third balloon ride and my 17 year old daughters first.  And the best by far. We live in the Napa Valley and we plan to recommend  Napa Valley Aloft to anyone who asks where to have a balloon ride!My suggestion from past experiences is if you can book a ride during the mid summer months it's less likely that your scheduled flight will be determined by the weather and possibly rescheduled or shift to a town near by. We had perfect weather today which made the experience "heavenly".
<review# 712,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2013,7/8/2013,1,6,,1,1>Yummy margaritas and tasty, comforting food. It's a little on the greasy side, but sometimes that hits the spot. (I don't come here to eat healthy.) I usually get the chile relleno or enchiladas. My husband usually gets fish tacos or chimichangas.My 22 month old daughter always has fun here even though she is usually a terror at restaurants.Great place overall.
<review# 713,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2011,7/7/2013,273,551,1,6,2>Really its more like 6, 7, 8+ stars.Point Reyes Blue Cheese is the best blue I have ever had. There is something so unique and fresh about it. I have turned so many people onto blue cheese because of theirs. Its so approachable and distinctive.I am so glad that I live in Sonoma County and ever menu/store has Point Reyes Original Blue..
<review# 714,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2012,7/6/2013,6,3,,2,1>The best pumpkin ice cream I HAVE EVER had and the BEST PIZZA I have ever had! The crust was divinely perfect with lots of cheese, lots of pineapple and ham on the Hawaiian. Makes me want to eat the pizza every night it was so good. Thank you Hannah!The pumpkin latte is good with lots of other coffee choices, tons of great ice cream flavors, drink selections, sandwiches, and yummy cheese and gallons of milk if you are in need too. This place is fantastic and only two blocks from my house! LOVE IT!
<review# 715,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2013,7/5/2013,32,124,,5,2>Ok folks; in Marin there are soooo many Italian places to choose from... I mean they literally are around every corner. I have to say this place has the BEST Veal Saltimbocca I have ever had. And this wonderful dish comes with a soup or Salad all for an amazing price! Great ambiance as well. I definitely recommend that you try this dish, and let me know what you think :)
<review# 716,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2013,7/4/2013,74,98,3,4,3>I've spent more than a few weekends swimming on burgundy-tinted seas of reds, bubbles, and pure joy. Following currents from one glorious outdoor setting, to a deep endless barrel-filled cellar, and backIn short, I've gone wine tasting often. And this place takes the cake. The area, the tasting room itself, the building - all get solid high marks. The tasting room itself is a marvel of interior design, making excellent use of every nook and cranny without making it feel rushed or crowded.My wife and I came in here for an afternoon tasting this past Sunday, and had a wonderful experience! Ron took amazing care of us. He had the perfect sense for how much to talk and how much to let us sit back and enjoy the wine. He had tons to tell us about the local area, the other wineries nearby, the people involved, and the wines he was pouring. And he was spot-on in everything he had to say about their wines.Which brings me to - the wines! The two things that make Quivira stand out as the top winery on my list is 1.) Ron, and 2.) The wines.Holy cow, the wines!I especially recommend the Cabernet Sauvignon and the Rose. I wouldn't normally recommend a Rose, even if I enjoyed it, but this one is an absolute must for any visitor!Great place, great service, spectacular wines. The price for a bottle was not bad at all in general, and a steal for wine of that quality.
<review# 717,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2013,7/3/2013,174,143,1,2,3>My daughter and I were thrilled to see Toy Crazy had opened its doors at the Marin Country Mart a couple of weekends ago. We love to wander through that center and check out the turtles, fish, ducks, we love to ride the rides and have some ice cream too. Imagine our delight to find a fantastic toy store too! The shop is loaded with all kinds of amazing items, some lines of toys I hadn't heard off, and with a 3.5 year old, I thought I was in-the-know when it came to toys stores in Marin. Very reasonably priced, the owner was manning the counter, Melissa, and she was so kind and so friendly. The gift wrapping service was super awesome and they even deliver locally! It's a perfect addition to what's turning out to be one of the most kiddo friendly centers in Marin. Go now and be ready to be WOWED!!
<review# 718,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2013,7/2/2013,259,650,12,14,12>I've still got it. That's the impression I'm left with every time I take possession of my Mangonada ($6) and all eyes turn to me.  Yeah, I know they're checkin' out my mango drink thang but for a moment I revel in the idea that it's really all about the girl holding that cup.  Their eyes get big, a smile creeps in, then their mouth opens:  "What IS that?"  Yep, I've still got it 'cause I know what to order.For me, it's all about the Mangonada: icy mango, lemon juice, red chile powder, and a tamarind-wrapped straw.  Move over Starbucks Frappuccino and Jamba Juice Berry Blast, Mr. Mangonada has arrived.    On a recent visit, a man, his wife, and kids stopped eating to eye my plastic cupful.  After the normal exchange where I divulge what's inside, the conversation continued.  "Man, this place reminds me of home" the man remarked fondly, "Mexico...".  That sentiment is pretty much what I think every time I'm here.  The employees speak Spanish (and English) and the menu makes little attempt to appeal to gringos.  That just adds to the fun, really, as everyone is asking everyone else what it is they're having and then trying to remember to order that next time.Besides the Mangonado, the one other thing I know how to order here is the fresh juice.  They juice exotic fruits and veggies to order.  I'd try some if I could ever stop just going with what I know.  They also have some food items which look great and which I'll surely try at some point when I find myself able to resist the Mangonada urge.  Yeah, like that's gonna happen.
<review# 719,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2013,7/1/2013,157,104,6,9,9>Rebel is a gem!!!I've NEVER been to a tanning salon ever. I had sooo many preconceived notions about tanning salons, and I was extremely nervous. I thought the place would be crawling with orange air-heads and I would be looked at like a glowing weirdo. And I figured whoever worked there would be a snobby, unhelpful, and not inviting. I. Was. So. Wrong. Rebel was so kind and patient with showing me everything and giving me a tour and explaining all of the beds to me and helping me figure out what is best for me.I'm sooo impressed and in love with Club Tan and I can't wait to go back. You won't regret it at all.
<review# 720,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2013,6/30/2013,43,116,,4,1>Service was great. One of the owners spoke with us at the beginning and the end of the meal. Comfortable atmosphere, perfect lighting and good background music.Food was pretty outstanding for all members of my party of 5. Prices are fair for quality. Some of the things we ate.*Creamy lobster bisque - Served just right*Garlic Sautéed Spinach - I love garlic and I love spinach so win win for me *Pear and blue cheese flatbread - Yummy.. and I don't even eat pears*Sesame Crusted Ahi Tuna - Amazing little gem with great presentation I did not try the "Grilled Flat Iron" however one in our party did. It looked amazing and he "killed it"Great date night or with a group of friends. We will all be back and with ---NO CORKAGE---fees... We will be bringing some bottles of our own favorites to compliment the fabulous food. *well behaved kids would be okay there, but leave the loud ones home. (I have kids and love kids)
<review# 721,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/12/2010,2/27/2010,362,1009,5,2,4>You know how sometimes there are places which just give off that "vibe"? The ones that - despite your not ever having spent much time there - you judge straight off the bat as negative - undeservingly expensive and lacking in class?Caffe Portofino strikes me as just that. To me, it has always seemed that place where the guys who use Old Spice and Drakkar Noir take their sleazy first dates to show-off and make themselves look and feel important.But... I've never eaten here. And even though the scene totally turns me off, I've been dragged here twice (by the same friend, mind you) for drinks. For those who can't stand the scene like me, be certain to come earlier, while it's still more diners and fewer strict drinkers.The first time I came, it was late, and packed, and the faux-pretenciousness of the scuzzy dudes trying to pick-up on everyone was overwhelmingly ick. But the second time, it was one of those earlier in the evening times, and I have to say that I was impressed by the lack of d-bags and the awesomeness of the bartenders. See, the guys working were efficient and charming but didn't overdo it. They made the drinks just how we wanted and then proceeded to stay out of our way. I can't really disagree with that.
<review# 722,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2009,2/26/2010,265,769,5,8,5>Interesting menu, you can get all sorts of crazy stuff on it.  I had fish tacos and the boy had choppino - so it runs the gammut. Nice fresh chips, good salsa and a ton of other yummy apps to pick from.We had oysters, and OMG were they fresh!  Yum! Guilleremo, the bartender maybe the BEST reason go go.  He is  very sweet, funny and entertaining.  Their staff makes you feel like an old time friend, when it's your first trip in. Kinda small selection of whiskey, but large selection of tequilla, things even out!I will totally be back.
<review# 723,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2010,2/25/2010,175,80,15,17,19>I went in here today because I HAD to have pancakes... The food was pretty good, and reasonably priced, although the hash browns were a bit overcooked. (Yes, I had hashbrowns AND a pancake, don't judge me!) The pancake was, quite literally, bigger than my head, and so filling that I only managed to finish half of itThe service wasn't all that good, but I can forgive that, in light of the fact that I walked in a half hour before closing... All in all, a solid 4-star experience, and I'll probably be back the next time a stupid late-night Talk thread has me craving pancakes.
<review# 724,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2009,2/24/2010,123,1032,4,6,5>Came here last night after spotting some fliers on local vehicles. Local "slow fast food"? How could I not?Showed up circa 6PM, and there were a few folks with kids milling about. It's a small space, so this translated into a lot of noise and shrieks. It was also pretty crowded, with very limited seating available.The menu needs some re-organization to make it a little more easy to sift through. There's not a lot on offer, but the layout makes it difficult to order if you've not been here before. I saw several folks struggle with this as I was waiting for my order.On to the food: it was good. We caught them on a night when there was a late slam and some kitchen mishaps (ran out of buns), so they quieted us down with an order each of sweet potato fries and regular fries. Both were delicious. I am not partial to sweet potato fries, but these were pretty good.The burgers are little sliders/white castle burgers. 1/8th of a pound, I believe. You can get the regular, or one of three specials. We opted for 2 each of the three specials. All were fine and tasty, even with butter lettuce buns (see bun situation supra). The price was right, and the owner was super polite about the wait and lack of buns.Bottom line: this place has the potential to be outstanding. The food they have is good, and the owner has the right idea. Seeing as this is their first few weeks of operation, I can't fault them some logistic short comings. I will definitely be coming back here for some more "white trash" burgers!
<review# 725,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/23/2009,2/23/2010,67,79,8,7,7>Much of Creekside Park is wetlands - salt water marsh, and most of it is also designated as a bird sanctuary.  The birds must know this, otherwise why would so many come here?Especially waterbirds:  any morning you can see at least three or four varieties of egrets at breakfast, often very near the path.  You can get good pictures of them with modest lenses.  Occasionally a Great Blue Heron stakes out some feeding territory for himself.   And once, many many years ago, Creekside Park had a visit from a giant wood stork (over six feet tall).  He stayed with us for about two weeks.  Then, one morning he was gone.  I haven't seen another one since.  Yet, after every Texas hurricane, I keep an eye out, just in case.So, with all these birds here, most dog owners actually observe the leash law inside Creekside Park.  On the opposite side of the slough many dogs run free.  About a quarter mile up the stream is a field big enough for large dogs to race each other in big circles.  Dog owners seems to know when the other dogs will be there, and they bring theirs to join the melee.  Be alert, don't get knocked over by Rhodesian Ridgebacks, Great Danes, or Golden Retrievers.  Even  smaller dogs, when they hit you behind the knees, can knock you ass over tea-kettle.The field is far enough removed that you can take off the leash, but still civilized enough for most owners to pick-up their own dog shit.  Yet, there is no disposal can nearby so everyone devises their own strategy for dealing with small plastic bags full of crap.  Some just carry them back to their cars and stow the bag(s) in the trunk.  Others take a longer route past trash bins.And then there's one guy (not me) who inserts the closed plastic bag gently into the outside pockets of his cargo pants.  One day my dog and his dog were racing hell-bent in a big circle and collided with him, right on his pants pocket.  Some people nearby said they heard a small pop.Later, I saw the man had stretched out his cargo pants on his driveway and was using his garden hose to clean something difficult out of one pocket.If something like that ever happened to me, I would drop the pants into a dumpster at night and I would never say anything to anybody.Not ever.
<review# 726,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/2/2009,2/22/2010,178,402,2,5,3>Hmmm.  I never really thought I liked Fresh Choice.  I saw it as a mediocre and overpriced buffet, an obvious dining choice to skip over in the sea of dining choices here in Marin (and beyond).  I usually only go to buffets in Nevada.But you know... I recently tried it again.  At lunchtime I went through the line, and real quick made a lunch to-go. It was totally worth my time and the price!  I ate fresh salad, veggies, hummus and pita for lunch for two days out of that clear plastic box.  So for a quick, inexpensive, and different lunch when I'm in Novato, I'll be back.  Maybe this week?
<review# 727,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2009,2/21/2010,35,76,4,10,6>This is a solid little nail salon. I went here for the first time for a lunch-time pedicure and was really impressed. It's small but hip. It's prices are on par with other salons. They play up-to-date music and have a flat screen with movies running with the sound down. The lady who did my toes, Lori, was on time, respected the fact I didn't want to talk and just wanted to catch up on trashy magazines, gave a great foot massage, didn't mess up my toes when she put my flip-flops back on, and got me out of there in under an hour.My feet feel a thousand times better and look fantastic. I'll be going here regularly for mani/pedis from now on.
<review# 728,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2009,2/20/2010,0,23,6,10,8>Just to prove I wasn't blowing a bunch of yelper hot air, I did go back to Birch Circle for another small job recently, this time for a large sofa that had to make its way down a steep driveway and safely into my living room. Paul and his crew arrived on time, and made sure to wash their hands (have you ever seen movers do that?) before carrying in the new white couch. Not only are they prompt and professional, but clearly their mamas raised them right.
<review# 729,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2009,2/19/2010,148,101,22,21,15>"A monkey doesn't know the taste of ginger."  (Indian Proverb, meaning 'Those who don't know, can't appreciate' or as I like to put it, 'White boy can't handle the spice.')If you think about it, anyone can open a restaurant and call it Italian, French, American, Japanese, or Chinese. The majority of kitchens in the U.S. are a melting pot of different nationalities, predominantly from Central and South America. Likewise, I've been to countless sushi restaurants that masquerade as being Japanese when, in truth, everyone in the kitchen is from China.This is never the case with an Indian restaurant, which is oddly satisfying. With Indian food, I like to think I'm actually getting the real deal, and that what I'm putting into my mouth may actually be what someone half-way around the globe would qualify as home cooking (counterpoint: egg rolls and burritos, anyone?).With this epiphany comes a sad realization, which is that I know nothing about Indian food to be able to describe it with any depth of understanding. Menus aren't exactly helpful either, with "spice mixture" and "stuffing" the casual substitutes for "a blend of tamarind, palm sugar, Kachupuli, hot sambhar and coconut chutney."What I can say for Om is that this small, unassuming establishment is located at the far Western end of Fourth Street in San Rafael, and you'll only find it if you are actively looking or if you happen to trip over it on your way to the Mayflower Pub (highly recommended, by the way). I do wish Om had more prominent real estate, as every time I've visited, there have been countless empty tables. This is great for walk-ins, but not so good for small businesses. And believe you me, this place deserves your business more so than the vast majority of other restaurants in San Rafael.Experiencing their menu is akin to opening presents - unless you happen to be Indian or proficient in ordering Indian cuisine, you're not likely to know what you're getting until you've tried it. Otherwise, the menu will be too foreign to decipher, and the following description of their food may mean very little to you.For example: the Pattanam Pakora (a Tanjore specialty) were spicy fried biscuits, a tad on the dry side, but loaded with flavor; the Anjappa (yogurt and spice fried chicken) were a bit sinewy for my taste, but deeply flavorful; the Idli sambar (rice cakes) were essentially expensive sponges for the sambar and chutney dipping sauces; Uthappam were a cross between the sambar and the dosas, and resembled rice pizzas; and the palak chicken (served in creamed spinach sauce) was sheer saucy, spicy goodness. The dosas (think Indian crepe made with a batter comprised of fermented black lentils, rice, and fenugreek seed) are best eaten stuffed with fillings, particularly the Masala dosa, which is chock full of potato, onion and masala. The list of dosas is extensive, and range from good to bombastic.SEE?!?!? Could I BE any more Caucasian and unhelpful?!? It's KILLING me not to be able to identify what's in these dishes. I have no choice, but to devote myself to the study of Indian cuisine. I will beg for the tutelage of the likes of Umesh T. (yelp.com/user_details?us), whose review served as an inspiration (and a bit of a buzz kill - I recommend Umesh try dinner as opposed to the lunch buffet).To my untrained palate, however, Om was off the charts - exotic, unexpected, unfamiliar, and reeking of authenticity. I now love Om (Southern India cuisine) and Lotus (Northern India cuisine) equally, plus I totally dug Slumdog Millionaire - does that qualify me as an Indianophile?Praise Shiva, I certainly hope so.
<review# 730,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2010,2/18/2010,46,73,3,7,4>I enjoy weightlifting for strength but my conditioning was more like sitting on the couch and flipping through the TV channels. With some outside encouragement, I gave the Cross-Fit program at Elite Martial Arts a try. I am one month into the Cross-Fit classes and appreciate the program the more I put myself into it. The coaches & trainers here are some of the most positive, encouraging and gregarious bunch I have met. The participants coming from different backgrounds, being male or female, representing different age groups, all taking on their attitude and it strengthens the whole. No one walks around with a chip on their shoulder or like the cock of the walk. You come here to go to work, with the right attitude, and success is certain.
<review# 731,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2013,6/29/2013,155,397,1,2,2>This is the cornecopia of farmers markets!  On a beautiful Sunday morning stroll out with basket in hand for the plethora of wonderful things that await you.Beautiful displays of fruits adn veggies to drool over and find their way into your baskets.  Decent prices with lots of selection to pick from between all the vendors. I imagine a challenge where I have to get all my ingredients from this one market, and it would be possible!  There are regular meat, dairy, flowers, poultry, fish, spices, and the customary produce vendors.  For me, the cream of the crop is the bread vendors.  Specifially more than one gluten free option to select from.  It is a GF foodie paradise. :)
<review# 732,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2013,6/28/2013,85,162,,1,2>Wish this place was closer to us but we dont have a problem hopping in the car for take out, either!Recently moved to Napa from SF and took us awhile to find something easy and healthy to regularly order. Jujus is just the spot for that!A little slow but thats because the order is made when order is placed..the usuals are wonderful: hummus, FELAFELS, fava bean salad, tabouli...The kabob dishes make sense since you get a bunch of sides along with it. The owners are lovely people and seem to take care of their staff and know their food. There is also a tiny little retail area to buy your favorite greek/mediterrenean goods to enjoy at home.Will be coming here egularly and definately recommended!!
<review# 733,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2013,6/27/2013,177,143,2,3,4>Still love it!  We visited Belly again last night just for drinks!  They really know their culinary art-- we had just eaten down the street, and I still continued to be tempted by platters of salad, tacos and fresh pizza passing by!  The servers are still learning, and they will know everything soon enough!  This place is hoppin', and it is so much fun!  I'm feeling a new favorite place to be coming on...
<review# 734,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2013,6/26/2013,0,8,,5,2>I've eaten at the Panama Hotel Restaurant about 5 times now, and have left happy every time. It's strong suit in my opinion is the ambience. I've sat inside the restaurant, on the front patio and on the back patio (but not in their entryway/corridor), and my favorite spot is on the front patio. They will put heat lamps on for you and it is so peaceful out there, while the inside can tend to get loud if the restaurant is packed. I'm a pescetarian, so I always order a seafood dish and they're almost always very good. I only had one meal that I didn't care for, it was a Mahi Mahi special entree dish (not on the menu) and it was a bit overcooked and dry. Other than that one dish, I've always been satisfied. My favorite appetizer is the avocado crab salad, absolutely delicious! The salmon entree is very good, and my boyfriend always orders the steak (which he says is the best steak he's ever had). One tip though: always make a reservation. You get treated very differently when you don't have a reservation. One time, I made a reservation one hour before I went there for dinner, and that was better than going there without one. When I went there without a reservation, they made us wait for about 30 minutes and there seemed to be plenty of open tables, and then when we were sat down, we seemed to get the worst table, so always make a reservation.
<review# 735,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2013,6/25/2013,19,11,,3,1>This place is always great.  The BBQ pork, yellow chicken curry, chicken satay, and tom kai soup are my favorites.  The owner, though I have not caught his name, is the sweetest man.  Last time I was here, it was slow and at the end of our meal he did a few card tricks and then taught us one.  Always a great experience and the patio is great to dine on.
<review# 736,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2013,6/24/2013,5,5,,4,2>We greatly need a supper club... as a centerpiece of this community... that is engaging, with good food, good ambiance and good music.   Fenix exceeded my expectations in all of these areas.   The server was patient and helpful, the food exceptionally well prepared as the new chef is changing the menu to more of a french creole style.   Think New Orleans in San Rafael.   Portions were amble, served hot -- and candidly the desserts were to die for.   The owners each came over to say hello and we loved the music.   Fenix is a great place -- reasonably priced -- and the owners want this to be a drop-in place for all in our community.   They may be getting some of the kinks still out -- as with any new launch, but mark my words, Fenix will be a phenomenal hit!   We will be back with our friends for sure!
<review# 737,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2013,6/23/2013,41,269,2,4,2>One of the best places we've tasted in the Napa Valley. Don't let 'appointment only' make you overlook this hidden gem. Incredible blends. #25 is outa sight. Make and keep the appointment already. You can thank me later.
<review# 738,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2013,6/22/2013,94,166,2,5,2>For those of you who don't know, Petaluma has some of the best cuisine in the world.  That's right, I said it.  Folks in Petaluma know this to be true, and Speakeasy is helping to bolster this fact.  Because we have such great food (and at affordable prices) we are not easily impressed by big names or resumes.  If you want to succeed in Petaluma, don't advertise your big name chef or that this is the latest in a number of successful places you have opened.  We don't care...because like I said, we have some of the best food in the world coming from self-made chefs and first time restaurateurs.  If you want to impress us, make good food, have a great staff to serve it, source your ingredients locally, and offer it all for a reasonable price.  Otherwise, there are a couple handfuls of other places we can take our stomachs and our wallets.    Speakeasy is hitting on all cylinders...which is why everyone who has eaten there is ranting and raving about the experience.  Great food, great service, great LOCAL owners, they are open late (until 2am), and they are getting ready to start serving brunch on the weekends.  Their website is spot on when it describes their food as internationally inspired tapas made from the best local ingredients.  They are also in a great location, at the back corner of Putnam Plaza on American Alley.  They truly have a cool throw-back speakeasy feel about them....this is the best new restaurant to hit Petaluma (and likely Sonoma County) in years.  Sure, it is always exciting when a new place opens in town but often the food or service drops off quickly but that is not the case with Speakeasy.  The food just keeps getting better and better.  And the owners of Speakeasy know how to hire a great local wait staff.I have liked everything I have tried...and I have tried a good portion of the menu at this point.Although I will never admit to recommending a veggie dish, the Edamame Hummus is incredible.  ...well, I don't eat a ton of the hummus, but the crostini baked in lemon oil and sea salt is in my top ten favorite things to eat.  I'm not a fan of Lobster either but for some reason I love their lobster mac.  The mac & cheese is superb and there is just the right amount of lobster flavor - enough to taste it but not so much as to be overpowering or fishy.  I love their crab cakes, which are light and flakey, unlike a lot of the hockey pucks you see at other restaurants.  In a town with over 50 available burgers, theirs is in our top 3.  The fish is always excellent.  Anything with pork belly is good...well, because it is pork belly.  Last but not least, I am addicted to the Croque Madame.  This is a french layered and sauce covered sandwich that I ate a lot in Europe but none were as good as Speakeasy's.  Although not a veg, all the vegetarian meals I have tasted have fabulous so if you eat vegetarian, this is a great place for you.If you want to eat where the hip food-savy locals eat, Speakeasy is the spot.  (It is not uncommon to see other restaurantuers dining at Speakeasy on a regular basis.)  The owners are local, hire local, carry local beer and wine, source local ingredients, and most importantly, they care about serving what us locals want, which is great food and great service, without a lot of fuss.  (the location is small so make reservations to make sure you get a table.)
<review# 739,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2013,6/21/2013,2595,287,8,12,9>After a terrible experience with a not yet reviewed Italian place, my mom and I were still craving some authentic Italian, and we wanted gahhhhlic, lots of it. In my family, it's unheard of to cook at home without garlic, it's like a cardinal sin. In fact, when outsiders come to date members of my extended family, if they can't love and deal with the garlic, they're out. Scandalous, I'm sure, but you gotta start somewhere, right?We were greeted at the door by a friendly and smiling face, who ended up being one of the owner's family. My mom immediately voiced her garlic driven purpose of the evening, and the hostess laughed and assured us we were indeed at the right place. The interior was soft and familiar, and there was a talented accordion player who was serenading all us diners with Italian love songs and Sinatra era throwbacks, which I appreciated. We started with a glass of wine, I was pleased to see my go-to by the glass of BR Cohn Silver Label, my mom had a blueberry blini, and the bruschetta starter with extra garlic. My mom liked hers so much that I had to end up fighting her for my share, which I took as an immediate win. We then had the mushroom, garlic and spinach raviolis which were hearty and bold, and settled on a tirimisu for dessert. I would have loved to have seen a panna cotta at the end, but alas, I will have to venture back to Ca Bianca for that. All said, I was quite pleased and satisfied with the food, the service, and the ambiance here, and it's always comforting to know that with the incredible way we eat garlic, those pesky vampires won't get us. :)
<review# 740,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2013,6/20/2013,34,232,,5,2>Finally a place in the Landing where I can get a real drink! Their Sazerac and other specialty drinks are fantastic, especially their 1st Sunday if you like something sweet and easy.My wife and I enjoy the food and since it's a different menu every day it's always a new experience at the same place!Can't wait until they finish the patio, would be nice to eat and drink outside when the weather is nice.
<review# 741,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2010,1/17/2011,341,280,,7,2>I eat here a few times a week since I live really close by and the food is great. The pesto breadsticks are absolutely amazing for a few reasons. I kinda have a problem with the way that Mary's dough tastes when its really cooked, because you can order their regular breadsticks and they taste great, but with the pesto and parmesan they get this weird flavor and I think someone else also mentioned they are always a little burnt and I agree. The pesto breadsticks here are like heaven. They are rolled up with pesto, covered in mozzarella cheese and come out crispy at the ends and doughy and cheesy in the middle its so fantastic you dont even know!! The pizzas come in small and large, small can be compared to what normal pizza places consider a medium, and the large is gigantic.
<review# 742,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2010,1/16/2011,141,176,,4,2>Okay, since this is pretty much the only BIG cooking store (granted there are plenty of other small ones here) in town I frequent here quite often.The main thing of note: Mary Bergin.Mary heads many of the cooking classes, and while I'm sure that all the other people there teaching are great, I only venture to take them with Mary. This is for several reasons.I love working with Mary, she respected my natural self taught style quickly. She is a no-nonsense go get 'em of gourmet ingredients locally and can tell you where to get them cheaper! And hey, it's not that I have a lot of money but every once in a while (= special occasion)  I shell out the 80 - 120 bucks (yes guys, this is per person) to take a class. And I just have to know it's with someone great, so I stick with Mary. I've taken classes at Ramkins, which is all very well, but at our little Sur La Table here in town with Mary you get a FULL BLOWN MEAL at the end of the class. Not little niblets like most places you see food demonstrations or get to lend a quick hand in during a class.Anyhoo, as I realize this review should be just as much about the store than the classes they offer I want to say the most important feature is that 90% of the time they have on hand exactly what I'm looking for at the regular expected prices, and their bargain area I find a good deal or two over the year.I tend to shop the sales at Chef's Catalogue and William's Sonoma as well (WS has a killer cheap high aged balsamic, yo, check that out). So naturally I skip to this place to look for bargain deals too.But basically, if there is some low end gadget, or high end ceramic, that I want I head straight to Sur La Table.And get this, when they ask for your name and address ... give it to them. I got a 10 dollar certificate to use on ANYTHING in the store for my birthday last week (they send "free" money like that out on a regular basis over the year). It's on your total transaction. So I bought 2 of the most useful kitchen towels (Super absorbant, they end up all over my house when I have guests. Everyone loves them!) and with the certificate I only paid 4 dollars. Screamin'.Also I'm really picky about cook books so every time I think of buying one I can go to this place and just open 'em up and stare at them for hours, and no one bothers me! Well, at least to ask if you want some help.Honestly, I really go here for basic things and high end. In between is a crap chute. I also come here when I want what I want now. Plus the people working here all obvious really want to be here. I hear the discount is 50%, so it attracts all kinds of great home cooks that can tell you all about their experiences using anything.Oh and make sure to pick up Maldon salt here, trust me, ask Mary about that. She'll give you a salt tasting and woohoo, salt really does taste different.
<review# 743,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2010,1/15/2011,273,551,2,8,4>Walked around Sonoma Square today and noticed a new tasting room. Adobe Road Winery opened its new location: 481 1st Street West, Sonoma, CA 95476 last Friday. With four days open they really had a nice setup in their tasting room. They have around nine wines to try mostly from Knights Valley. We tasted their:08 Sauvignon Blanc08 Rose of Pinot Noir07 RRV Pinot Noir06 Dry Creek Syrah06 Knights Valley Cab Franc06 Knights Valley Cab Sauvignon06 Knights Valley Petite Sirah06 RRV Petite SirahTheir 06 Russian River Valley Petite Sirah was my favorite. Megan was our pourer and she was so sweet. It was nice to visit the tasting room so early on. I am excited to see how they develop. I wish them the best of luck.
<review# 744,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2010,1/14/2011,108,294,5,7,4>Five stars to you, Planet Canine!Yogi had a great time - came home happy and HEALTHY! The staff was great - took my phone calls during his stay and reported good things. I also really appreciated the fact that they recognize that some dogs (like Yogi) aren't into the whole dog-social thing 24/7 - they prefer the human touch - and allow these dogs up front to hang with the people. I know Yogi had a better time away from his family because of this.Another thing I appreciate is that Planet Canine is about the DOGS - not about FRILLS for the dogs. They don't need a fashionable couch and plasma tuned to Animal Planet - just some space to play, a warm place to sleep, regular meals, and some love. That's what they give here, and for a great rate. We'll definitely be back.
<review# 745,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2010,1/13/2011,248,493,8,10,9>they did what??ADDED to their already inherently genius menu?!Why, yes, yes they did those damn Culinary Bastards.Pork Tenderloin is where it's at with crispy pork belly scattered like glitter on a 5 year old's birthday card, atop brussels, squash and a jus that will make you gush.The Duck Fat Fries are still amahzing, especially when dipped in the tarragon bechemel that the scrumptious steak comes with, but let me tell you. That dessert list deserves a looking over.Pumpkin Creme Brulee is the flavor as of late, a tiny bite of Pumpkin Perfection served along with 2 generous, moist to a fault slices of Pumpkin Cake. And to top it? Why, spiced whipped cream, of course. The Apple Fritters are light, tender - almost gooey gorgeously fried fare. And that maple cream is a thick, decadent dipper like no other. Show some respect and save room for dessert.
<review# 746,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2010,1/12/2011,423,254,2,11,9>I had visited and tasted in the original small tasting room a year ago and recently stopped in their wonderful new tasting room. The new facility is reflective of Kathleen's focus on minimizing environmental impact; the facility is 100% solar powered, reclaims all water; both very costly. The building has been gorgeously restored and materials were all re-used/recycled, even the concrete.  I recommend checking it out, as much for the facility as the wines.Kathleen is know for her Pinot Noir, but also produces a wonderful Pinot Gris, and every other year a Pinot Rose.I am not one to call out other reviews; but as a local wine writer/blogger, the one star, and comments, by Vino L. is reflective of either clueless-ness or a really bad day. Inman wines are made in a true Pinot Noir, minimalist intervention approach to vinification; Kathleen lets each vintage express itself.If you are looking for California fruit bombs that look/taste more like syrah, then ya move on, this is true Pinot, in its proper, classic, elegant, feminine form. (Most the other wineries suggested are all good producers too.) I have tasted through multiple vintages and vineyards, and all are solid. Some I liked better then others, and variation is to be expected when a winemaker lets the fruit shine through rather than over manipulates it; all were high quality, wonderful wines, which is why I left with almost a case. (And I cellar ~600 bottles.)Do take time to visit when in Russian River. cheerssimplehedonisms.com
<review# 747,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2010,1/11/2011,580,241,3,5,3>Having just moved to the area and looking for a great vet for my two lovelies, I came to Terra Linda.I had a myriad of different issues with my cats.One is big as a house and / or looks like he ate a house. The second one, Quimby was lost for 24 days ( yes you read correctly ) and was finally found by a neighbor.My poor baby was, as you would expect very dehydrated skinny and lethargic.Dr Davis suggested Xrays and blood and urine test to determine why he was feeling so bad exactly. Being that I have actually worked for a vet previously, I know that this is standard procedure.When she got the results back, she determined that he hadnt eaten an object (nothing on the Xray) but that he was jaundice and that his gall bladder looked inflamed.She determined that he would need a pain killer, steroid, appetite stimulant ( he wasnt eating or drinking, and anti- nausea meds. ( he had been hurling a lot)He also received fluids twice which seemed to help immediately.At first I was concerned because he still didnt look good and his appetite was still low.Within the first week however, Quimby did a 360 turn around and was doing really well. Once I told Dr Davis that his condition had improved, she suggested that I put him on an antibiotic and anti bile meds. Even though Quimby is totally over taking all of his medication, he is doing remarkably  well !I totally disagree with "Mindy" ( who has no other reviews btw, consider the source). The staff was very concerned about how Quimby was doing and wanted me to check on him and update them asap.Dr Davis is very clinical and at first that was a turn off . She didnt seem as warm as some vets I have known. I have to say that the more I have gotten to know her, the more I like her. She does really like and care about her patients.Sometimes you as the patient's mom have to take some initiative and contact the vet yourself ! It is your responsibility as well as the vet's.The staff here is very caring. There is one tech guy who is a total dingle but I avoid him lolOverall, Im happy with my experience!
<review# 748,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2010,1/10/2011,59,115,5,12,4>Just came back from pho, mmmmm!OK, I've eaten here about ten times now and had about seven different dishes. They have all been delicious! The fly problem that occured on my first visit never happened again and a screen door has been installed, so my review now reflects the five star rating Noodle Palace deserves!
<review# 749,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2010,1/9/2011,75,52,2,3,3>I LOVE IT!! People who work here actually know their stuff. Great pricing on dog food and all other food. Great selection of animal toys. They have stuff for your pets to chew on that I have never seen anywhere else. Hell they even custom ordered some chickens for me awhile ago (R.I.P.) and helped me pick out some crazy ones. They always offer to help you if they see you standing there. If your in the Petaluma area this is a must stop at place.
<review# 750,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2010,1/8/2011,127,301,3,5,3>Niku Udon... check.Kakiage Udon... check.Croquette entree...check.Yakitori Ju...check.Coffee Jelly with Ice Cream......check.Officially 5 stars!
<review# 751,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2013,3/25/2013,162,206,3,4,4>Amazing views, amazing staff and they serve excellent tacos.  I can't wait to go back again soon.  I want to be here every day because it's so peaceful and luxurious.
<review# 752,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2013,3/24/2013,431,328,,7,4>I love what they've done to the old haunted Fagiani's! The atmosphere and craft cocktails are the highlights here. The food was about average, but I'm hopeful that will improve as they become more established. They need something new and innovative on the menu, I was just very underwhelmed on that front. What we did order was good, but nothing memorable or something I would come back for. Fortunately the service is always pretty knock-out. I highly recommend heading up to the top floor. They even have a smaller bar up there with an amazing patio overlooking a view of all of downtown Napa. When I come back, I'll probably just come to the top floor for cocktails and appetizers.
<review# 753,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2012,3/23/2013,724,333,4,4,3>Great place - this is the 2nd time and both times were excellent. My friend told me that the Chef/Owner was the Chef at John Ash and Company for many many years. I think he makes great food - I might be able to make it at my house but that's the whole point of going out isn't it. I don't want to make a big beautiful egg white veggie omelet w/ whole grain toast and the best home fries this side of the Golden Gate bridge. They also make a kickin Cobb Salad - big beautiful and sexy.
<review# 754,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2012,3/22/2013,170,264,3,3,3>News flash! The Nook has expanded into a really gorgeous space & Emily's treatments & services are as glorious as ever!I have had to get a wax here & there due to travels & necessity & I'm always so relieved to return to Emily. Nobody else knows how to handle my sensitive skin & keep it from flaring up in the worst of ways. Last week, she sent me home with a yummy (no, I didn't eat it, but it smelled like I should have) mask sample because I really could have used a facial to top off all of my other treatments, but neither of us had the time for more. It was very nice & definitely helped, but I'm anxious for my next appointment because it's just never the same.Emily SO deserves the new space. It's not just swanky, it's got free parking! All of my most favorite friends & family have also become her loyal clientele. I've never referred someone who didn't report back to me with rave reviews. Of course, I encourage them to Yelp every time! The Beauty Nook can now be more of a one-stop shop with eyelash extensions as well as spray tans & massage.Keep on keeping on, Emily. You're making our community even more beautiful.
<review# 755,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2013,3/21/2013,9,11,,3,1>I've had Cindy cut and color my hair since 2009.  I had asked around for some recommendations for Napa stylists who knew what to do with curly hair, and I'm so glad to have gotten Cindy's name!  The first time she cut my hair she even showed me how to style it a little differently, and I remember thinking how not one person who had cut my hair had ever done that!  And even though I'm pretty sure I'm completely terrible at describing what I want each time, she always manages to understand what I'm looking for and cut it beautifully.  I also love their space downtown, tons of natural light and good people & pups.  And now, she's the only person I trust with my 12 year old's curly locks as well!
<review# 756,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2012,3/20/2013,58,161,2,1,1>A friend of mine took me here after a late dinner and honestly, my initial reaction was something along the lines of "Holy crap, get me out of here." Well, I was being judgey and I was totally wrong.Low-key, no fuss. Get your beer, rent a pool table and enjoy yourself without being bothered.  Everybody is there to do their own thing and couldn't give a crap about what anyone else is up to.  The tables were in great shape and the prices were super low.  The best part for me though was the awesome, crazy loud music...AC/DC, Def Leppard...the part of me that's just a little trashy was done for.  Love this place!
<review# 757,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2007,3/19/2013,8,36,,2,1>This is a great place for a quick bite.  It's great to have some Baja style mexican food in Napa.  Everything is super fresh and yummy!  The salsa bar rocks, you have to go for the 50/50 Hot/Smokey mix.Little tip...You can "upgrade" your softdrink  that comes with the meal to a beer for$2.The only reason for the 4 stars is they just raised their prices.  :(
<review# 758,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2012,3/18/2013,7,31,,1,1>We actually stumbled upon this in a very "Napa" round about way-we bid on a silent auction item at this cute little boutique in Yountville owned by three beautiful Sisters, although ours was not the winning bid it got us to look into the Uptown-WOW-Amazing architecture and historic value! We have purchased our first event to see Dana Carvey...excited!  I will be back to follow up on our experience!
<review# 759,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2012,3/17/2013,12,14,,2,3>Try the smoked salmon breakfast sandwich....smoked salmon, cream cheese, capers, onions, & scrambled eggs. Best breakfast sandwich in town! My boyfriend had the juevos rancheros and couldn't have been happier! We'll be back :)
<review# 760,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2013,3/16/2013,81,202,3,5,3>Buttermilk Fried Chicken Sandwich with Peppercorn Mayo.  Lamb Burger topped with Garlic Spinach and Herbed Goat Cheese.  Pliny the Elder on Tap.  'Disco' fries topped with Sausage Gravy and Cheddar Cheese.  Throw a fried egg on top of those fries for $2 more - if your going to toss your New Years Resolution, you might as well break it FOR REAL!  The Norman Rose is a great spot in Napa that comes off a little hip, but casual enough that it isn't overly hip like many Napa Valley restaurants.  It's a very stylish setting that is also accommodating to the everyday crowd that wants to have a burger and beer in a pub setting.  Some outdoor seating.  The manager and staff were especially nice on the busy day I went - which is extra bonus points in my book.  Will definitely be back when I am in the area again (hopefully soon!).
<review# 761,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2010,6/12/2010,175,80,6,5,5>I have been meaning to write this review for AGES, but it kept slipping my mind... About four years ago, I stopped in here with my mother to visit an old co-worker of hers. I found the most beautiful, simple pair of Celtic knot earrings, and my mom very sweetly purchased them for me. I've worn them nearly every day since then, and get several compliments a week on them... And the best part is, they don't irritate my allergies. I'm so sensitive to metals, that sometimes even silver causes me to break out, if it isn't pure enough... These were not only reasonably-priced, but are obviously of good quality as well.On a recent visit to San Rafael, I stopped in to look around and was absolutely overwhelmed by the hospitality and customer service displayed here. I plan on visiting often, just to look around at all the neat things, and to purchase gifts for loved ones whenever possible. :)
<review# 762,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/27/2009,6/10/2010,252,234,5,6,6>I love me some Mary's Pizza; I'm a sonoma kid to the core so I was raised on it and I'm talking the Original shack. I even know the family. Toto is Mary's son.. he's cool, I like his pizza. BUT while I'm a diehard Mary's fan, I'm disappointed in this location. All other locations have the new Sonoma spot to compare to and of course the "homey" feeling the Origianl shack gives off; from everyone knowing your name, the endless Fresh & Hot breadsticks, that friends mom that you love so much was a server there forever, the sweet & kinda creepy busser that always asked for your number.. it was home. everyone was smiling and friendly. The food, the best. Tradition in the making; at it's finest. Then: Mary's on the square came around and they are still friendly. You know everyone! It's home. That's the one thing Mary's other locations don't quite understand; the customer is always right because they are always satisfied because it's Mary's. The food makes it all better. But ya gotta be nice, don't be short and don't be rude. Simple. I suppose it will take a while for this one to catch up. I have faith, I'll go back, but I'm disappointed in the newer generation servers of Mary's. I just have such fond memories of going to support my friends and everyone hanging out together and going twice a day because it was so fun; and maybe they'd throw in a beer or three (if ya know the tenders :))The location itself: great. Fantastic. Inside and outside seating.Food: Awesome and delicious and hot.
<review# 763,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2009,6/9/2010,415,316,7,9,6>What wonderful little jewlery shop.  I had a watch that needed a new battery and on a whim stopped because there happen to be parking in front.  The only reason I waited at all was because there was a woman in front of me who was first and the clerk (so sorry I didn't get her name) was just about the nicest kindess clerk I had seen in a long time.  It was a joy to watch he work.   Plus I might add they have really beautiful items in their show case and I always thougth I enjoyed getting gifts in those pretty little blue boxes.... (you know who I am talking about) but I saw a ton of things that would please me to no end.So when my turn came... I asked if I could have the battery changed in my watch and I swear she said it would be a few minutes and honestly... even though I didn't have a watch I did have my iPhone and thought I would check my email she was back with my watch working before I could download my email from my iPhone.  The shop itself is spit spot clean and to me that right off the bat tells you that they also care about the quality of their work..... I swear ladies.. its a nice route to take if you are headed towards the east end of 4th street with a date.  It is located on the opposite side of Sol Food so make certain you don't cross the street until 4th and Lincoln.  ( I must sound like a gold digger, but really I'm not.. I am a white gold digger.... just kidding).  It looked like they had a nice gift selection of jewlery for all age ranges.  I was thinking the next time I needed a gift for a baptisim, commuion, graduation it would be a nice place to pick up a quality piece and also support our local business.
<review# 764,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2010,6/8/2010,1398,327,10,14,15>Whoo Hoo ! I love this place. I have had the pleasure of partaking in some of the cookies and baked goodies the roomie has been bringing from this store and of late also enjoyed the awesome, healthy, and simple yet super-delicious chicken soup "caldo de pollo" (with Mexican rice).The soup had two or more huge chunks of bone-in chicken with a generous helping of zucchini, squash, potatoes, and carrots in a clear broth. The "large" portion, at only $7, is more than enough for two meals !The bakery section had an array of of different flavors of tres leches cakes. Until then I was aware of only 1 flavour! I got the mocha and the mango. Each was a humongous slice and was more than worth the 3 bucks each. I've tried the mocha and it was delicious.The buffalo wings aren't buffalo wings in the strictest sense. There is no buffalo sauce but instead it's probably been marinated in a spicy sauce and fried --- and thank God for that as it's better than any of the standard buffalo wings I've eaten over the course of my life.To summarise, the deal-sealer actually is their amazingly reasonable prices, the awesome food, and the very generous portions ! The Soup at 7 bucks was enough for two meals, the wings were barely $5 for 1.1 lbs which had about 12+ wings in all, and the slices of tres leches were good for 2 servings each at $3 per slice.My only grouse was the unripe avocado I picked up. I am so bummed as it is amazing in the soup and this time I had to skip it for obvious reasons.
<review# 765,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2009,6/7/2010,253,125,8,10,11>Today I woke up and needed to get a hair appointment in somewhere quick because my hair was in trouble. I have a problem with getting it cut every 8 weeks or so, and I had a little fight with the blow dryer (and it won) so I called this salon and they were able to take me in 45 minutes after I phoned. I have lived in Marin for many years and have driven by this place all my life (the place has been in business for 35 years and I am 24) and had a curiosity to the salon. The Salon itself was gorgeous. It has an upstairs and down stairs area, and they have stone steps, very clean, modern and stylish. I absolutely loved the decor. Also they offer complementary snacks, beverages and coffee to their clients which is very sweet and this is the first place that I've been to that has offered that. Today I was with Christina and I was impressed by how quick she was able to get a cut and color done. She listened to my needs and we came up with a beautiful solution to my problem. I am satisfied with my results and it wasn't at all expensive. I am glad that this salon was local and was able to fix my hair 911.
<review# 766,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2010,6/6/2010,83,446,6,16,4>My friend and I went in there today after being wowed by some great looking purple gauzy fabric in their window. The people running the store couldn't have been nicer. They sold us some of this great fabric by the yard, and when my friend paid them with one of our re-faced glitzed up dollar bills they all loved it. This was the unofficial launch of our dollar project.
<review# 767,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2009,6/5/2010,39,92,3,3,3>It's hard for me to come here and order something different, because the pollo al horno is the first thing I see on the menu and it's insanely good. I forced myself to try the steak sandwich this time around, and I was anything BUT disappointed, the steak was cooked perfectly, and the sandwich was teeming with sauteed onions.You can also get their sandwiches with fried garlic plantains (!) as a substitute for bread, I'll have to try this next time I come here, which will be soon.I just wish both of their locations were bigger, it's hard to find a seat anywhere in either location since it's so popular...
<review# 768,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2009,6/4/2010,96,27,6,9,6>After a 3 year burrito deprivation stint on the East Coast, I am so grateful to be back in CA where the taquerias are a plenty and a burrito is almost always the answer for a need for a cheap meal. All you need to know about this place is that it is delicious, cheap and the fact that its under a freeway is not that big of a deal. Of all the Taquerias in Marin, Taqueria San Jo is the most consistent and inexpensive. Where else can you get a shrimp burrito for under 7 bucks? I brought a friend from out of state here and he almost cried after having one of their carne asada tacos.  "what have I been missing!!??" he yelled to the Taqueria Gods. Taqueria San Jose is a temple of taqueria conversion. If you eat here you will understand. Other pluses include a free for all with the chips and salsa, plus you can get your own water in a cup that is of normal drinking size, or get your own piece of foil b/c you can't a burrito the size of a Chihuahua-no matter how delicious it is.
<review# 769,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2010,6/3/2010,87,152,3,6,2>Reliable is such a good word for these guys.  I've owned two cars (Toyota) since living in San Rafael and I continue to use Easy Auto. Prices are reasonable.  I've had belt changes, new water pumps, electrical issues, and regular maintenance stuff like oil, tires, brakes, smog tests...  And they always give a discount if you are a customer (they send you coupons by mail - regular mail - it's a new app)  OR if you have Triple Ay they'll whack off a percentage of the labor.   ~Just ask for it~
<review# 770,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2009,6/2/2010,61,320,4,8,5>We had a great move thanks to Paul, Bob and all the Birch Circle guys!  We moved from Mill Valley to San Rafael with a lot of furniture, patio stuff, and even a bunch of heavy and awkward woodworking equipment.  They are EXPERTS at finding every available nook and cranny in those trucks - my husband swears there wasn't a spare inch that wasn't filled.  That means our stuff was well protected from shifting during moving.  I know from experience that most movers are not nearly as careful.  They thoroughly wrapped our new couch and all other furniture in furniture pads and plastic.  I've not seen so much as a scratch on anything.  Our final cost came in at about $100 over, but it was still a great deal and worth every penny.  I highly recommend Birch Circle for your move if you want a positive experience at a fair price.
<review# 771,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2008,2/28/2009,209,251,9,10,9>My boyfriend is a motorcycle enthusiast. He's owned more than a few bikes in his life and I just accompanied him to purchase his 8th. Yeah, whoa right. But this time it was gonna be the cream of the crop. A beautiful new red Ducati 1098. Charles (our salesman) wasn't pushy, arrogant, condescending, or anything like your typical salesman. The other two guys and the finance manager (forgot their names) were just as helpful and friendly. I've been to Hattar 3 times now, and each time their staff always acknowledges us and greets us with a smile. While the guys were doing their motorcycle talk, I found something other than bikes to amuse myself. They had a great selection of motorcycle gear and clothing. Such a clean, well-maintained store and pleasant place to shop! Unlike the other two dealerships in San Francisco that I've been to, Hattar Motors seemed to have everything. I found a cute Ducati tee to sport while riding on the back of my bf's bike. hehe
<review# 772,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2008,2/27/2009,541,1054,8,14,13>Yountville is certainly the it-spot for dining in Napa Valley, and Redd offers a modern vibe that sits nicely with, and sets it apart from, the other established restaurants in town.  It is located right next to Ad Hoc, so it's easy to find, although the signage is more than subtle.  In fact, I'd say that a perfect progression of meals from casual to over the top would be Ad Hoc, Redd, and the French Laundry.  I'm still waiting to (saving up to) try the latter - so I am more than happy with Redd for my go-to special occasion restaurant for now!We arrived just in time for our 6:15pm reservation and expected to be the first ones there - not so.  Apparently Redd is a popular choice in the area, and patronized by a mixed crowd - young and old, fancy and casual, loud and quiet, tourists and locals.  We were seated inside, along the back wall which is perfect as a strategically-placed mirror allows for maximum people-watching in all directions.  We were seated next to two French women (of a certain age) in oh-so-much heavy and tasteful jewelry, and one of them kept her large black Jackie O. glasses on the entire time.  You just can't buy that type of entertainment.The food and service were simply perfect.  I had read about it in all of the reviews, and it lived up to every one of them.  We started with 2 expertly made cocktails - mine was called the "Scarlet" something and it was delicious.  I don't think you could go wrong with anything on the menu.For starters, we had the tasting of 3 cold foie gras preparations,  and the tuna tartare which were both excellent.  Not only were they tasty,  inventive, and as fresh as can be - the portions were very large.  The tuna could have easily served 4 people, and the addition of the crisped rice made the dish very unique.  The foie gras was lovely - on the plate and served with toasted brioche were a pate, a torchon, and a mousse.  Definitely one of the best preparations of this dish that I have had the pleasure to enjoy.For dinner, we had the lobster risotto and the tasting of Spring lamb.  The risotto was creamy but not heavy, with the added zing and brightness of Meyer lemon.  The lamb was scrumptious - 3 preparations that were different and equally tasty.  The meat was the most tender lamb that I can remember eating.  Served with fried artichokes, this dish tasted of Spring's bounty.  With it, I enjoyed a glass of the house-made Cabernet, which was bold and rich but not overpowering.  The wine list was impressive and well organized, well worth your time to review prior to dining there as it is long and richly detailed ($25 corkage for BYOW)For dessert (and you will want to leave room for it) we enjoyed the Peanut Butter and Milk Chocolate Gianduja, and the Citrus Tasting.  Each one had 3 distinct elements on the plate, which was perfect for sharing - it was like having 6 desserts!  Both were excellent, with the standouts from each being the big "bar" of peanut butter and chocolate, and the yuzu "float" with tapioca.  The grapefruit s'more was also wonderful.Service was attentive and not overbearing, friendly but not invasive.  Our meal felt leisurely but also perfectly timed.  Our server had well-informed and spot-on suggestions.And the early-bird reservation time?  Perfect for viewing the Magritte-like sunset through the big windows as we finished up our meal.Redd is definitely among my new favorite restaurants, and I can't wait to have to opportunity to eat there again.  If you are up in that area, give it a try (book in advance, as it is very popular - check on Open Table).  It would be appropriate for many occasions:  special date, folks in town, girls night out, sharing a wonderful meal with a friend.  I'd be as happy with a full round of courses as having a cocktail or glass of wine at the bar, with a few shared plates.  Expect to spend $70-90pp, more or less depending on how much you drink.  Given the quality, quantity and preparation of the food, it's actually very fairly priced.  Whatever the case, you will be in for a real treat, in an understated, chic environment, with the best that the Bay Area and wine country have to offer.
<review# 773,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2008,2/26/2009,253,125,10,12,12>I got my DUI in may of 2007 and I was court orderd to attend 15 weeks of drinking and driving education. I thought that the video's were a little bit out dated and the topics that were discussed were a littple bit off topic (like the dangers of smoking and drinking too much coffee). But I guess the educational portion could of been worse I guess. The group portion was a little bit uncomfortable because I was trying to stay sober at the time and hearing people glorify their drinking during the week was kind of hard to sit through. During my time at the class there was a lot of mention about the program sponsoring ticket sales of a house that was being auctioned off near Muffin Mania in San Rafael, which got really old hearing about all the time. I think that the staff there was helpfull and seemed nice. I really enjoyed the insturctor during the educational portion. She seemd really sweet and someone you could have sunday brunch with. Overall a sweet old lady. However the instructor during the group portion seemed a little too opinionated and a little weird. I guess he was ok, a little old and a little crazy. The old location which is listed here was a bad local because it was located in the heart of the canal in San Rafael. I remember I got my car broken into at the Bowling Ally near by so its good that they moved to an office near Home Depot. I say that I am a fan because I really lucked out and had a good group of people who were there with me, sharing in my discomfort and court ordered expearience however, I don't think anyone in that room would of associated with eachother normally. ***Thanks for the Memories***
<review# 774,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2008,2/25/2009,4,15,11,8,7>i am not great at the romance thing. Hey I ride dirt bikes, road bikes, mountain bikes, eat lots of red meat, and don't really get it. So, yea, I let the Lodge at Sonoma do it for me.  I picked the Saturday night (Oct. 4th) romance package. For about 900 bucks, we got a couples message,  dinner on our patio as the sun went down and breakfast in bed at 11:30 am!.  Seeing her Amazing glory for the first time in a bathing suit as well as right out of the shower, unforgettable, worth every hard earned buckaroo.Oh and the cottage we got was way bigger than any million dollar price tagged place in the city.
<review# 775,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2009,2/24/2009,119,389,5,6,9>This is where I had my first experience with Chicago style pizza. And I don't really like Chicago style pizza. But that really isn't the point. Old Chicago has been an institution since before I was born and just because I have a preference for New York style doesn't mean I know anything. The point really is to honor the recently deceased owner, Bill Berliner. I never had the pleasure of meeting the man but I do know he raised two lovely daughters who I had the pleasure to go to high school with and always enjoyed being around. And made stellar pizza. All around he did a good job. If you care to read more pressdemocrat.com/articlRIP Bill
<review# 776,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2008,2/23/2009,286,390,8,12,11>One of my favorite hikes in the Bay Area. Parking was free and the trail was sparse on a Saturday morning. How many gorgeous hiking trails in the Bay Area can boast so few people on a Saturday? The drive to this hiking spot is also gorgeous.Warning, the trail is long! Once you get to the point in the trail where you can see Dillon Beach to your right, you've seen everything and can turn back. By this point, you will have already passed the elks hanging out along the small lake but you wouldn't yet get to the sand part of the hike. If you get to the sand part of the hike, turn back! Your work is done.I just love all the different beaches you can see along this hike, the elk, the small lake. Love it.
<review# 777,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2009,2/22/2009,303,300,9,8,8>Went back this past Sunday for lunch (Mom's birthday).  Service was really good, as usual.We shared a few appetizers.  Gotta give props for the rare sliced steak and remoulade they served us.  That was a nice touch.Most of us ordered the salade with confit de canard, and it was delicious.  No complaints.I ordered the beignet with applesauce as dessert, as suggested by the waitress.  WHAT A GOOD CALL!!  Not only did the cold cold applesauce give a nice contrast to the fresh hot beignet, but they tasted perfect together.  Everyone had at least one beignet.  I had three.  Mmmmmmm...There goes my diet! :)Wait, I just remembered that I can start anew after the Chinese New Year, so everything's still cool.
<review# 778,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2009,2/20/2009,340,166,14,13,16>It had been years since Diane sang karaoke and danced on the bar... or sank her teeth into a juicy steak and washed it down with a mug of shiny beer.  Now, she's a reformed woman climbing up the corporate ladder and establishing herself with business associates.  Her new colleagues suggested a meeting at the Trancas Steakhouse for a round of drinks and some karaoke.  "It will be a gas!  We'll be slumming it at the Trancas Skankhouse!"     .........They walked in and Diane saw some familiars hanging around like they never left since the last time she had been there.  She and her co-workers ordered up the gin and tonics.  They were getting loosey-goosey like sometimes in a constant ray of forever.  Karaoke time drew closer and her metamorphosis began.  Diane took a sloppy sip of her drink and her eyes shined nicely.  One of her colleagues muttered something to her about the old guy at the bar and she replied with a donkey-like "Huh??"  Her teeth jutted out of her smile and her tongue wagged for approval.  She laughed like a 1983 Eddie Murphy in tight leather pants.  Her co-workers watched the transformation in horror.  She grabbed the mic and screamed, "Diane rocks!  Yeah!" before diving into a train wreck rendition of Elton John's Benny and the Jets ... It was over.  She looked around for her work associates.  They were gone like they were never there.  Everyone else thought she was a hoot.  Everyone else thought it was about damned time.  Welcome back.  Al, a regular, was stool-stumped with his back towards the goings-on.  He swung around on his stool and raised his eyebrows, "Who's winning?"  His voiced trailed off and drowned in the commotion of laughter and frantic singing...................A couple hours before, in the same restaurant, her parents were sitting right over there eating their Early Bird specials and enjoying the company of their lifelong friends from Arizona.  They spoke highly of their daughter and how she worked hard to make it in the business world.  It was one of those few times that came around when everything seemed perfect in their little world.  They couldn't hope for anything else.  Their steaks were cooked to a medium rare perfection.  Their potatoes were mashed with the right amount of texture and seasoning.  Their bottle of wine made the candlelight glow romantically as old stories went back-n-forth.  This is the Trancas Steakhouse that gets advertised on TV.  After leaving a handsome tip for their server Darci, they headed for the door.  They saw their neighbors Jerry and Maria eating there and waved a hello.  He was having the New York Steak.  She was having the Filet Mignon.   Just then, Diane and her co-workers walked in.  She gave her parents and their friends hugs in a calm manner suggestive of an urban professional - Her voice was as of yet to break out into a nasally bleat.  You could take a picture at that moment right there and have a perfect snapshot of the dinner crowd departing and greeting the after dinner crowd as they arrived.  So far, it was looking to be just another night at the Trancas Steakhouse . . .
<review# 779,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2008,2/19/2009,172,66,6,8,6>I love Yelp! Five star reviews from people who haven't even stayed here. And one-star reviews from people who attended a conference that clearly overwhelmed the soft-opening staff. (Which numbnut at Cavallo Point decided to host 180 people during the soft opening?!) I reserved a room for me and my GF on a lark (given that I live in The Presidio on the other side of the GG Bridge), just to try the restaurant and see what the lodge is all about. The restaurant deserves a separate review under it's name (Murray Circle), but Chef Humphries has taken a very creative approach to building a menu and we had a blast with the staff and the food. We like the hotel. Our room (#704) is on the second floor of a four-unit building looking out directly into the Bay. It's foggy this morning, as you would expect in SF Bay in the summer. But when the fog clears, it's a great view of the city. We were prepared for inconsistent service since a manager called a week before we came, apologized for not having the hotel completely open and gave us a 30% discount from the stated rate. He told us the spa was not open and that opening ceremonies might interfere with getting us checked in. The staff has been pretty nice to us. I can imagine how that might not work with a conference, since I've seen even experienced resorts get overwhelmed when everybody shows up at once. I think you guys who had that horrible experience with an event should try it out as individuals, because we've been very well treated.And we have had issues: The wine cellar wasn't open, so we had to choose from what they call the "Market List" of 100 wines under $100. (I'm not complaining because The Prisoner was really great.) Our in-room massage was delayed while the bellman searched the entire property for a headrest for the massage table. The water heater in our unit is too small and underpowered so we didn't get a really great, hot shower. Yada yada.But it's a new hotel, we were forewarned, and the renovation of the property is really outstanding; it's Fort Baker, for gosh sake, which has some of the best walks and views in the entire SF Bay, and the Golden Gate Bridge is right around the bend. I'd say by September the hotel will have the kinks worked out and, by then, the fog will stop rolling in every morning!
<review# 780,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2008,2/18/2009,18,16,10,9,11>Two words: Truffle. Honey.I came here for an intimate dinner while staying up in wine country and it did not disappoint. We started off with the coconut prawns which were scrumptious and well cooked, and the cheese platter with, you guessed it, truffle infused honey. Wow, was that stuff good.The dish also came with other fruits and nuts to cleanse your palliate in between bites of cheese; I liked that they thought about that. I have to say that I was thrown a bit off guard when our server did not explain the cheese selections (which were chef's choice) upon setting the plate down, and even after I prompted him did not even get them correct. I would agree with previous posters about a slight lack of service. Although complaints about price should not phase SF diners.For my entree I had the duck prepared two ways with a potato gratin. The gratin included sweet potatoes and was warm creamy goodness. While the duck was also very good, both pieces were dressed with the same sauce and I couldn't tell a real difference in the different preparations. My date's fillet mignon was fabulous and we ended the evening with the creme brulee. I also had a glass of the Deco port  with our dessert which was infused with chocolate and might be my new favorite after dinner drink from now on.As an designer, I love going to places where I can appreciate the thought that went into the detailing of the interior finishes and recognize materials that I love to use as well. They really did a good job with the look and feel of the dinning room (I never made it to the bar area). We sat in an elevated "booth" off to one side giving us the seclusion we desired but also afforded us a good view around the room. I'm glad we happened upon this place before we left Petaluma.
<review# 781,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2009,6/1/2010,53,182,4,5,4>My son doesn't live nearby, so whenever he visits, we always set aside some father-son bonding time.  These times usually involve hiking, kayaking, food, wine, a great cigar or all of the above.Since he is also a chef and absolute foodie, when we go out to eat, it's important that I pick places where I know he'll be proud of my culinary instincts.  That's why on this visit, I took him to Wayne's Grill & Sushi in Rohnert Park.I've talked about the building's former tenant in my previous review, but I had forgotten my camera.  On this visit, I flashed away (at photo taking that is) resulting in several new uploaded photos for anyone to be able to get a better take on what the place looks like.Now let's get to the substance of the review -- the food.We were pretty hungry and so whenever hungry mongries go to a sushi place, it's best to look for combo plates -- more pieces and more selection for the price.It's interesting that out of over 60 menu combinations, we both chose exactly the same one:  The Super Sushi Combo $15 with nine unagi and avocado sushi roll slices, six pieces of nigiri, two each of salmon, tuna and albacore.After our order was placed, our very attentive waitress served us two complimentary appetizers which for a Japanese restaurant were unusual.  They were tempura dumplings, which is understandable, but they were filled with the most luscious chicken curry ever!  I mean these tasty treats were a better combo of curry with meat than in ANY Indian Restaurant I've ever been in.  The meal was off to a great start!The main entree came next and it was plated and served like only a Japanese artist can do.  Perfection on a platter.  And the tastes ... my, oh my, oh my!  This sushi chef knows what he's doing!  Rice was perfectly sticky, fish was so fresh, there was not even a hint of fishiness and the eel --- oh my gawd!  I love that eel.During our lunch, our waitress came by several times to fill our tea and after we were finished, she served us each a miniature puff pastry that looked like a delicate lotus blossom.  Inside was the creamiest and most melt-in-your-mouth goodness made from butter and eggs.My son and I both walked out of the restaurant with satisfied tummies and he agrees that this is the best sushi he's ever had!
<review# 782,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2009,5/31/2010,81,202,8,9,8>Wait.  What?  I have been on Yelp a little long while now, and I never put in my vote for one of my favorite restaurants in the entire San Francisco Bay Area?In Novato, you ask?In NOVATO!  Yay!Truly, there is nothing else around quite like it;  a fantastic restaurant with a pretty unique menu nestled in what used to be a church!  Now you can have yourself a Vodka Gimlet in the area that was likely to the right side of the right row of church pews.The kitchen is also likely where the alter used to be...which makes sense because some of their dishes taste like they were from heaven.  They have a really amazing Tortilla Soup which I recommend as an appetizer...someone else here mentioned that it has a hint of sweetness that probably comes from lemons.  Probably right, and surely tastes unique!Usually I will continue to find myself ordering the Filet Mignon Enchiladas...yes, you heard me right.  They are so great;  I recommend this dish as your initial entree if you are visiting here for the first time.  The staff is welcoming, and the wine list is relatively inexpensive for the quality.  As for the Yelpers giving the place a lower score on days such as Mother's Day or special occasion days...I recommend NOT going to this restaurant (or many) and expecting a fantastic experience for the price.  Anyway, I have been here many times in the past, and can't wait to take many new friends here in the future for a "first time" experience.  Cacti in Novato is truly something special.  If you have never been, I envy you because it will be your first time to experience it for yourself.  If you have been, you know that this is a place that you can "dazzle" your friends who have never been!
<review# 783,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2009,5/28/2010,26,112,5,5,6>I LOVE THE BEER SANCTUARY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!PROS:Lagunitas' Beer Sanctuary is magical. Not only can you find their best (and not widely sold) beers on tap-- you can also find knowledgeable, cool and super gracious staff!Stacy & Jaime (i think that's their names?!) are 2 of the servers/staff I've met at the Sanctuary-- and other staff alongside them are one of the key reasons my husband and I love going there. Always helpful, always have a great suggestion for beer and always share a great deal of wit and personality that makes you feel at home. At some bars, I just sit there on the edge of my seat-- never relaxed-- and throwing beers back like I'm in high school again-- not at Lagunitas. Here is where i relax, enjoy my beer and take in the awesome surroundings.The sanctuary is not exactly easy to find. You need to want to go there to find it. I'm not giving you any clues or tips. But once you go through the adventure of finding it in the dark one night, if feels like you've stumbled into a oasis within a industrial area-- with giant long tables for groups of friends, and seating areas all over the outdoor area to enjoy. The decor is modern, but also looks reclaimed and creatively re-purposed. A canopy with lights is over a good deal of the area  so despite it size, it still feels special, cool and intimate.The actual bar itself is fantastic too. I know the chip board bar is temporary-- but i kind of love it the way it is. Eventually there will be a grand opening with a full kitchen for food... but for now, I love it just the way it is. I will mourn the days of when my husband and I and all of the sanctuary patrons felt like it was our little getaway.CONS: I've only witnessed a band there once-- and it was just not my scene. Just a little too hippie folk. I've also heard the staff play Curtis Mayfield-- which just made my night...so who knows, maybe there will be other bands there? Granted, I love epic shit you can sing aloud too-- but this would probably be counterproductive to the chill vibe they have going on here. The cow smell might deter you if you're elitist and stupid. Its Petaluma, get over it.
<review# 784,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2009,5/27/2010,39,179,9,8,8>One time when I was in high-school, the (former) cook/owner threw a bell at my friend through the walk-up window. It was one of those pick-up/order-up bells. The kind understaffed offices put at the front desk. Apparently he didn't like my buddy's tone. So he threw a bell.The bell-thrower is gone, but the burgers are still amazing. As are the fries. And the onion rings. And the milkshakes.You pay for what you get, but you should probably just pay it. This place is quality... and I need to mention the fact that everyone (that I've dealt with) that works there is COOL. There is something to be said for coolness.YES.
<review# 785,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/8/2009,5/26/2010,141,176,2,3,2>I've always loved stopping in this store.Originally always a 4 star place in my heart but I'm writing down a star simply because they downgraded so much when they moved.It's one of those gourmet places I go to pick up lesser known imported Italian products and meats, and even a good selection of local gourmet goodies. This place is quite expensive though so know you'll be paying for what you get.I split my shopping between here, Mulsberry's and Olivers for all my gourmet shopping in Santa Rosa.I've never been disappointed by the selection here but since the move I buy significantly less.The sandwiches are good. The wine selection is great. And the service here is wonderful. It will always be on my list of where to shop for gourmet goodies and imports.
<review# 786,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/26/2009,5/25/2010,55,57,1,7,2>My wife and I went to the farmhouse over the weekend.  We called at 5 PM and got a reservation for 6:30 on a friday night which was a pleasant surprise seeing as they recently got a michelin star and didnt expect to get a reservation.  I got a glass of Syrah and it was very good.  I started with the scallop appetizer which was served on thinly sliced zuchini "carpaccio".  The single scallop was large and got about 5 bites out of it.  2 of the 5 bites I got sand.  Getting sand in the teeth is like nails on a chalkboard to me and it was a bit upsetting.  I read somewhere that if you get a sandy scallop they were most likely dredged instead of hand picked by a diver.  Also, the scallop itself was just very bland.  My wife had a salad which she said was good.  My main course was the "rabbit rabbit rabbit" which our waiter said was the house specialty.  The leg of rabit with mustard sauce was the best it reminded me alot of dark meat turkey.  But I was thinking it wasnt any better than any other dark turkey I have eaten.  The bacon wrapped loin was interesting but was a bit chewy.  The ribs seemed a bit gimmicky as it was basically only about 1 good bite.  The wife got the ribeye which had good flavor, but was undercooked for "medium".  For dessert we had a toffee caramel gelato which was very good, the highlight of the meal.  Overall, the scallop kind of killed it for me.  The meal was pretty good, and the dessert was fantastic, but just not enough to warrant a fourth star overall.
<review# 787,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2010,5/24/2010,80,300,2,3,2>I dont do fast food! McDonalds- get out of here! Burger King- not since high school! El Pollo Loco- no, but you're not that bad! Sonics- I've never seen one of you before even though I see a commercial for you every other day. Truth is I probably average one fast food meal every 3 months, and its almost always this In N Out. Service is very friendly and FAST. The line could be out the door and you'll still have your food 15 minutes after you start standing in line. The ingredients are fresh and the burgers are actually good. The fries suck, but who cares? Hands down the best fast food chain!
<review# 788,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2010,5/23/2010,99,207,3,6,6>Finally! An Arizmendi in SR. I remember walking to my local Arizmendi when I lived in SF and I fell in love with their Cinnamon Raisin Brioche. I had the chance to experience that once again when I stopped by the bakery during their opening week and it's just as wonderful as I remember it!Very very happy they are right in my backyard. Friendly people and wonderfully tasting bread. I have the feeling that I will be adding inches to my waist line!
<review# 789,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2009,5/22/2010,108,54,9,7,9>The first time you go to Roast Haus you are required by sandwich law to try the Norman's Special. It may be in your best interest to bring a sleeping bag with you as this sandwich packs a punch and it will take all of your strength to fight it back, leaving you content in a food coma of bliss.When you walk in and order the Norman's the folks behind the counter start sharpening the knives and shave off a solid helping of turkey. To complete the sandwich you get a roll with stuffing, cranberry mayo and cheese. Oh and how could I forgot the soup bowl of gravy that comes with in order to dip said sandwich. Yes you heard me correctly this is thanksgiving dinner on a roll.  You can enjoy all the excellent flavors of Thanksgiving without having to worry about creepy uncle Ned asking you to play Monopoly after he's had a little too much wine.Long story short go to Roast Haus eat a Norman's Special, take a nap and then rejoice,
<review# 790,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2009,5/21/2010,174,143,5,9,8>I was a Sutter baby, born and raised so I was a little aphrensive when I got my new insurance plan. Kaiser serves a great number of people and they do an excellent job. I've never felt like a number, I never have a problem getting an appointment, although I'll admit it's nearly impossible to speak to someone when trying to actually making one, so for that reason I recommend booking via the Internet. During my pregnancy I've had first rate care, quality doctor's visits and the prescriptions are always less expensive than the other insurers I've used. My only misgiving is that there is no labor and delivery in San Rafael, so we'll be driving to San Francisco to deliver our first child. I expect our care to be excellent, as the San Francisco Kaiser is a top-notch hospital for birthing.
<review# 791,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2013,3/4/2013,119,66,,5,1>I was having a bad day.  Everything was feeling pretty crappy.  Suddenly, it came to me.  A manicure just might be the thing to make all this feel better.....at least temporarily.I called every place I could find in Santa Rosa.  No-one had any available appointments.  I started calling places in Sebastopol.....Rohnert Park....and then Tracy Nails saved the day!  They were able to give me an appointment 15 minutes from the time I called.  I rushed over and and decided to get my first gel manicure ever!A man did my nails - I didn't catch his name - and he was great.  He was super nice, mostly quiet (so I was able to relax), and gave the best hand massages ever.  I am super sensitive and can't stand it when manicurists are rough and make my fingers bleed (and I'm amazed by how often this happens!).  He was super gentle and awesome.I went back to get them removed and brought a friend.  We both got gel manicures again and had a great experience, part 2!
<review# 792,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2012,3/2/2013,37,12,1,5,2>I have taken two classes now at StitchCraft and I gotta say YAY!! I'm a Fan!! I have only been sewing for about a year and I own both an old school White Sewing Machine (my mom's from when she was 17) and a new Singer Digital Machine.Kudos to Nicole for creating such an amazing space for all walks of life to come together and learn how to, not only sew, but create things, grow your business, learn new tricks, meet new people and find all kinds of tools and fabric and patterns to help you. The old  location of StitchCraft is totally unexpected, the shop is located on the second floor so you get to venture your way up an old wooden staircase where you find two small rooms filled with colors, patterns, tools, sewing machines, sergers, examples and of course the lovely Nicole, big smile and all!! In the work room you can look over Kentucky St. and see all the people walking around. It's really a unique place to come and learn. I haven't yet been to the newer studio, but i'm looking at that perfect pant class, so i will get to see it soon.I'm fairly new to sewing and Nicole is a great teacher; she takes her time and comes around to each student making sure they understand what's going on and that they feel comfortable with the new skill they've just acquired. She also shows you how to use both the old school style machines and the new age digital machines, which is nice. The two classes I have taken so far are Serger Basics and the Construction Techniques. I had no idea how to use a Serger or what it was for until I took the class. Now I am IN LOVE with my Serger and have purchased a few books, based on Nicoles reccomendation, to help me. I learned how to thread the machine, which is crazy! and a few tips and tricks which I still use today. The amount of time and money spent was well worth it. The Constructions Techniques class focused on buttons and button holes, zippers and finishing seams. Overall the course was very informative and I learned some great seam finishes. I was really there for the zipper part, which people say they are afraid of, but is actually quite easy. I had already dabbled in buttons and button holes which took up the majority of the class so I was kinda just hanging out more than I wanted to. The other people in the class really needed the time, so depending on your skill level, you may have to wait for others to catch up. I cannot wait to take more classes at StitchCraft! I would love to learn how to do pockets!! If you're new to sewing, if you haven't sewn for years or your a veteran looking for some new things to try i would ABSOLUTELY recommend StitchCraft in Petaluma, CASome other great info:You can bring your own machine to work on or Nicole can provide you with a machine to practice on. Stitchcraft offers a 20% discount on supplies purchased to use in the classHappy Sewing!!
<review# 793,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2012,3/1/2013,5,72,,1,1>Very cool, classic American tattoo shop! This shop is located in a historic Petaluma building and has been intelligently designed to fit in with the building's architecture and motif perfectly. It is as though you were stepping back in time to a tattoo shop that had been operating there since the late 19th century. Very friendly staff as well: Clayton did some excellent work for me, and offered expert technical advice having to do with the limitations of a small tattoo. I have and will continue to recommend this shop to my friends.
<review# 794,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2013,2/28/2013,0,16,1,6,2>This is the BEST yoga studio I've ever been to, and I've been practicing yoga, on and off, for over a decade. The way they vary the sequence, the approach, the verbal reminders to take this at your own pace, and grounding in a thought before practice begins make this such a rich experience. If you are a beginner, don't give up. This sequence will have hard spots for anyone, and a Vinyasa Flow class just "flows" from one posture to the next. You WILL get the hang of it. Don't be scared away by the "heated" rooms, either. You will truly be okay in a t-shirt and cropped yoga pants. The warmth helps to loosen up the muscles. It's never sweltering, the way it is in a Bikram studio.
<review# 795,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2012,2/27/2013,13,8,,2,2>We went to this side of town to go to Masala Jack's - we had a coupon and my 9 year old wanted to try it... But Masala Jack's was closed. A quick Yelp search told me Pongos was in the same shopping center and had good reviews - we decided to give it a try.First, a suggestion - from the outside, you can't tell what KIND of food it it. It just says "Pongos." Probably helpful for walk-in traffic if it was indicated it was Thai food.Nice decor and the server was friendly and prompt.Anyway, we were there at about noon on a Friday. It was quiet with just 3 or 4 other tables occupied.Loved, loved, loved the menu. They've got a lot of the normal stuff you see at Thai restaurants, but some really fun appetizers, lettuce cups and noodle dishes that are a little more experimental.My son ordered a burger, LOL. My husband and I got the lunch special, mine was the chicken satay and pumpkin curry. The curry was wonderful, the chicken satay was a bit on the dry side but flavorful. I really like the variety of sauces they serve and little veggie cups that accompany the meals.There's so much more we want to try from their menu, we'll be back for sure.
<review# 796,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2013,2/26/2013,222,110,3,6,4>Got a chance to meet with a couple of friends here on their "dollar" night and although the sushi pieces were not exactly, they were worth the extra cost. The service was a little slow, but the place was packed so I could only imagine one person calling in sick and throwing everyone else off. The lighting is a bit dim and more intimate, the server was friendly and courteous. The food also came out in a nice timely manner.
<review# 797,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2013,2/25/2013,98,124,4,4,4>Kin has a friendly, neighborhood vibe, with good American food and pretty good wine and beer list. My favorite salad is the Wedge, which is a huge chunk of iceberg lettuce paired with applewood smoked bacon, Pt. Reyes blue cheese, pears and toasted walnuts. Soo delicious, but don't order the Wedge if you're trying to go low-cal or low-fat. :) But you can also opt for a half-order so you don't feel like a complete pig. The wood-fired pizzas are very good, fairly thin, with toothsome crust. Kin has a pretty good happy hour --- $3-4 draft beers, $5 glasses of wine, and a cocktail of the day (the restaurant just got its full liquor license). I ordered the cocktail au jour -- something with blueberries in it. It was .....  a disappointment, alas. Too many flavors competing with one another, and it tasted watered down, to boot. So I have to minus a star for that; I hate to see a waste of good spirits!The happy hour menu is pretty good -- try the chicken wings and the cheese or meat plate. But whatever you do, DO NOT order the atomic wings, or whatever they're called. They are so spicy they are virtually inedible, and I love hot sauce and can eat the spiciest of Thai and Indian food! My husband tried to eat one of those wings, and couldn't get it down. And even though he wiped his fingers, he managed to get a teensy bit of sauce in his eye after inadvertently rubbing it. The result: His eye stung so badly from the hot sauce that he had to flush it out with water for five minutes.The restaurant decor is no-frills, but still pleasant, with lots of windows and a long bar. Even though it's not a sports bar, Kin has two wide-screen TVs in the bar area, and we've eaten several meals here while watching the baseball playoffs.In nice weather, sit outside on the patio with a glass of wine and watch the kids and dogs play on the Town Green.
<review# 798,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2011,2/24/2013,5,15,1,4,3>Bernie is some sort of mad genie/genius who can help make any trip more comfortable and relaxing. If they don't have exactly what you need they will get it. I pretty much heart these guys.
<review# 799,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2011,2/23/2013,75,52,2,3,1>Never in my life did I know one single place could have so many products having to do with turkey!! Turkey sausage, turkey legs, turkey jerky, smoked turkey, smoked turkey legs, smoked turkey sandwiches, turkey necks and much more. I have been driving by this place for years and never even thought about stopping in. I am embarrassed to say I did kind of judge a book by it's cover. I can tell you I will never do that again. I feel like part of my life has been taken away by passing up this place so many times.From the outside this place may look a little run down and possibly even closed. However once you walk in and you are greeted with a warm country smile you forget all about what the outside of this place looks like.Shortly after going to the Sonoma County Fair I was in desperate need of a smoked turkey leg. So I decided to stop by this place and give them a shot. Now the smoked turkey legs at this place are more of a deli style smoking rather than your fair style BBQ smoking. But I decided to get a couple MONSTROUS leg and thighs for my fiance and I for dinner. It set me back about $9. THAT WAS FOR 2!!!!!!!!  I was shocked at how cheap that was and instantly became a fan of this place.Later that night I warmed up the turkey leg and thigh in the oven for dinner. It came out delicious and it was more than enough food for 2 people. The meat was moist and was absolutely delicious.I have gone back several times to buy their sandwiches that are about $5.50 and delicious as well as to buy more turkey legs. Don't make the same mistake I did by judging this place by the outside. Make sure you stop by and give it a try!!!
<review# 800,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2012,2/22/2013,1,20,,5,3>I love the bahn mi here...both BBQ pork and chicken are wonderful.  I generally order take out here.  When I get home, I slice up the whole jalapenos, so I don't get the spice all at once.  I guess I could ask them to do it but it is very easy!  It is a great deal at 4.99 (used to be 3.99 which was a steal but the current price is still very good).
<review# 801,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2013,3/28/2014,2,9,1,5,4>Loved my experience. Was looking for an out of the norm experience while thrifting and definitely found it a great store, and very vintage place. I love it so much!!! Cool record collection. The owner is a total deadhead and really nice and is totally negotiable with prices great accidental find. Plus free kids clothes. :)
<review# 802,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2014,3/27/2014,184,265,3,7,6>I know nothing of lace and beading, I barely know my own dress size, and I was never the type of girl who ever daydreamed of all the details about her future wedding. Basically, I'm a life-long tomboy who just happened to get engaged quite recently and has been experiencing the culture shock of Bride-To-Be-Land. I live nearby in San Anselmo and happened to find Shadows as a result of Googling and favorable online reviews. The store front is a bit deceiving, as it looks like an average consignment store when seen from the street, but then once you're inside it's like kind of like being in the TARDIS from Doctor Who -- "So much bigger on the inside!" I stepped into the store around the middle of the day without an appointment, but Sylvia was more than happy to assist me anyway (she had no appointments for two hours). Based on my body type and the inevitable alterations that will need to be made (big bust and narrow waist), she educated me on various types of dresses, designers, fabric weights, what I should expect to pay in alterations, and so forth -- all in simple laymen terms that I was able to comprehend! A miracle indeed!Sylvia was neither pushy nor demanding; she never once attempted to steer me toward trying on the more expensive dresses (which is always my legitimate customer service pet peeve). It's very clear that she knows what she's doing and wants her customers to find what makes them happy and look good. Another note: I did look at some of the price tags on the dresses and honestly feel that the prices are extremely fair at this store. Prior to finding Shadows, I had been looking at a website recommended to me by a friend (who is a former wedding coordinator) that featured reasonably priced gowns by renowned bridal designers (Casablanca, Watters & Watters, etc), but even those prices were beat by Shadows. I tried on some elegant dresses that were well under $1000!I haven't yet bought my dress, but I am 95% certain I will be back at Shadows very soon to purchase one. They also carry dresses for the mother-of-the-bride, bridesmaids, and flower girls, in addition to gorgeous and reasonably priced jewelry, hair accessories (tiaras and veils), and everything else you could ever need for the big day. Even if you purchase absolutely nothing here, I still think it's quite worth a visit -- you'll leave with greater knowledge and sense to navigate the frightening territory of Bride-To-Be-Land!EDIT (5/8/2014): I'm happy to report that I DID purchase a dress from here and it should be arriving sometime next month! I can't wait!
<review# 803,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2014,3/26/2014,724,333,7,14,10>I try to not be all Hip Hip Hooray on everybody, but when the food is excellent and the service is better, I find it hard not to be a cheerleader. I walked into Viva Mexicana on a rainy Sunday morning - blew off my work out class at the last minute and just wanted to warm up to a good cup of coffee. Well I don't know Sebastopol too well but it seems like a quaint little town next to wine country. So I searched on my Android map and found one place - just one. And guess what - Viva Mexicana was not it. So I was lazily driving along 116 south east and saw this sign for good coffee. Looked at it - hmmm good coffee at a Mexican restaurant - sounds perfect. I went in and the place smelled good, warm, just a combination of aromas that all worked together. So I ordered a cup of coffee from Silma, turns out she's the owner because she was soo completely gentle and loving the way you get when you go to a healthy / vegan place. I don't know if that makes sense - but she had a warmth about her that i really liked. She made some suggestions because I couldn't decide and then said 'Hey we have excellent Omelets' - since I'm an Omelet Connoisseur I figured why not. I had an Omelet with Chorizo and Mushrooms and Cheddar Cheese. She brought it to me while I was sipping my local fair trade coffee - yum, I love good coffee. The Omelet had this beautiful sauce on top of it, was light and fluffy with equally delicious flavor in every bite. Every time she served someone I could see how delicious it was presented and how much everyone loved it. OFF THE CHARTS Breakfast Home run!! Silma also said they make an excellent Mole sauce and to come back for it. Heading over there this weekend - and Cannot Wait - WoW, or maybe a Double WoW WoW!!
<review# 804,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2014,3/25/2014,2488,142,9,19,17>Like most I thought The Kefiry made Kefir. You know, the dairy milk product? What I didn't know was that Kefir can be any fermented drink made from beneficial bacteria and yeast cultures. The Kefiry makes a variety of wonderful, very healthy probiotic libations none of which are dairy! They are all alcohol-free as well.My favorite is their Lemon Gingerale Gingerbrew! I've tried them all- Triple RootBeer, Tulsi-Rose Kola, Hibiscus Maya, Jasmine Green Tea, Flower Power, O.M.G. Chocolate, and Oceans of Wisdom. I love them all and it is hard to pick my second favorite! Well, if I did it would be Oceans of Wisdom (extra credit for the name)!Two new flavors are coming out, Tumeric Spice and O.M.G. Super MOCA. Love the Tumeric Spice and have yet to try Super MOCA, but I'm sure it's awesome! Nearly all these flavors come in very large Ball brand jars, 64 ounces, with the wide mouth tops! Sometimes pouring them into a glass is a little drippy. There is a $2 deposit on each one, so returning them has an incentive for re-use and re-bottling. Not a problem for a super Green guy like me!I've known one of the owners, Jeffrey Edelheit, for decades. I'm very happy for him that his business is so well received and that he is doing something he loves. I've met one of the other owners, Tom Boyd, many times at The Kefiry as well. It is a small shop in a small strip mall of sorts, but it has a lot of charm. It has all the look and feel of a "Sebastopol" company!To answer the big question- No, the Kefir beverage was NOT named after Kiefer Sutherland. Kefir as a drink has been around a lot longer than the actor has. But maybe Kiefer likes to drink Kefir? Hey, maybe The Kefiry can get Kiefer Sutherland to be their spokesperson? LOL!Kefir Enlivened Beverages are on the expensive side, but well worth it for me. For the deliciousness, health benefits and the chance to enjoy such a unique hand-crafted beverage, make a trip to The Kefiry. They pour lots and lots of free samples!Cheers!Review 0125
<review# 805,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2014,3/24/2014,90,112,10,16,15>Quirky, funky, rustic and quaint....these words best describe the vibe and ambiance of this unique eatery. With a catchy name like "Wishbone", it also adds an aura of mysticism and superstition. Located off the beaten path in Petaluma, it seems to me that the atmosphere was created to depict a place forgotten in time w/ old jazz music blasting from a pair of rickety speakers playing an LP on a Crosley Cruiser turntable that belonged to a bygone era. I wondered if time had stood still or was it just a figment of my imagination that I was thrown back in time to my younger days in Greenwich Village, NYC where cafes like this galore? Or it could just be a visit to my grandma's house except that I remembered her as a lousy cook?The menu is also one of a kind. Kudos goes to Josh, the owner. He must have spent endless hours planning the menu and arranging for sources of meat supplies for his restaurant's needs from local farms and suppliers. I was privileged to have a short conversation w/ him and it boggled my mind to hear that the restaurant will now contract to buy a whole cow instead of buying meat piecemeal. Niman Ranch based in the Bay Area was mentioned. The animals are sustainably raised, humanely treated and not hormone fed. A discriminating carnivore can appreciate the difference in meat quality.The evening started with an order of Smoked Herring Salad ($9.00). Two good sized pieces of smoked herring were nestled on top of a half romaine dressed w/ a honey mayo dressing. Apple slices added some sweetness while toasted pecans added some crunch to the salad. The herring was well marinated, well smoked (they smoke it themselves) and the tiny bones were all edible. The combination of herring and the crisp romaine was simply divine!  A bowl of their Butternut Squash Soup ($11.00) surely hit the spot on a cold and wet night like this. My best guess was the broth came from chicken stock, had a hint of goat cheese and was blended with tart apples. I love the way their signature entree was described in the menu as "The Pork Chop of Awe and Wonder" ($25.00). I was in awe too! An awesome thick, center-cut, juniper brined pork chop large enough to cover the whole plate was dropped off by the server. Brining enhances the flavor and tenderness of the meat and the chef added juniper berries for even fancier flavoring. It felt like it was 2 inches thick in the center with a beautiful and savory brown crust. Wishbone had set the bar high for how pork chop should taste like. To complete the dish, it came with slices of pear marinated in an unidentifiable wine sauce with a hefty dollop of mashed potatoes for those w/ super hearty appetites. Even w/ the mouthwatering pork jus dripping from the meat and hungry as I was, I couldn't finish the meal.Wishbone hasn't come up w/ a fancier name for the chicken entree yet and so was appropriately named "Half Chicken" ($20.00). It was sure enough a whole half chickie complete w/ breast, wing and leg. Oven roasted to perfection, the clincher was to do this w/o drying out the breast. The bird was spread w/ a sweet citrusy marmalade and bathed in a rich stock that I was unable to figure. The accompaniments were traces of orange peels, carrots and finishing off w/ a small piece of carb....a savory house made bread pudding. There wasn't room left for dessert as the portions for both entrees were more than generous. A fragrant cup of French pressed coffee concluded the wonderful evening.Wishbone is still in its infancy and understandably there may still be a lot of work ahead. The restaurant is small and so is the dinner menu with 5 entrees so far. Josh has assured me he is constantly working out new menu items. Congratulations on a job well done.
<review# 806,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2014,3/23/2014,22,14,2,10,4>I was playing tourist today with some family visiting out of town and I stumbled upon 2Bella Boutique as we were walking down Bridgeway, admiring the view of the city. My sister and I stopped to check out a couple pairs of boots displayed in their window and almost passed right by thinking it was just another overpriced boutique geared towards out-of-town visitors with cash to burn but we wandered in anyhow, since we were in a moseying sort of mood. 2Bella had a lot of their displays color organized, which I loved. They had a ton of higher end sweaters, maxi skirts, dresses (Free People etc.) denim pieces, some boots/heels and mixed accessories (lots of clutches/adorable bags--dangerously adorable) mixed in with tons of reasonable priced, modern pieces that are trendy right now + so many faux gems/earrings/necklaces too at shockingly low prices (under $25.00 for half of what I looked at) and a massive selection of TOMS in case that's your thing. The staff was friendly and chipper. I got the "let me pick something out for you to try on" but it was done in a very relaxed, natural way which was a nice touch. One of the girls on the floor sent me into the dressing room with two super cute dresses, both short skater style, one in mint green lace and another in a black floral print. I ended taking the floral babydoll dress home with me, and it set me back at under $30.00, and that my friends, feels like a sweet deal. Next time I'm in the mood to treat my closet to something new and saucy, this San Anselmo girl is coming back.
<review# 807,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2014,3/22/2014,69,366,1,6,5>Okay, so read my review on Oxbow, since they are inside Oxbow Market. We LOVE this ice cream place... the flavors are awesome, they change a lot, and every time we go there the menu has a $85,000 scoop of ice cream described as:Travel to the summit of Africa's highest peak, Mount Kilimanjaro, where Three Twins Ice Cream's founder will hand-churn a batch of ice cream with glacial ice from the mountain's summit. The mountain's glaciers are predicted to disappear within the next 10-15 years due to climate change - and your purchase helps raise awareness of this fact with a five-figure contribution to an African environmental non-profit. The sundae's price also includes first class airfare to Tanzania, five-star accommodations, a guided climb, as much ice cream as you can eat and a souvenir t-shirt made from organic cotton.I am promising everyone this, right here, and right now, in front of all my Yelpish friends... If I ever... EVER, have an extra $85,000 laying around, I'm doing this... Outside of my promises to y'all, go here, get a scoop, get it in a waffle cone, and enjoy in the delight of Three Twins...
<review# 808,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2014,3/21/2014,103,212,1,11,6>UPDATE:  Actually been here 4 times now.   I ordered the benedict florentine again and it was just as good as the first time i had it.  I split this order w/ a friend and they did a great job... half order of benedict and half order of crispy hashbrowns.  Perfect!  They use fresh spinach in their egg dishes.  I like that.  They also brew their iced tea fresh.  No essence of fruit or anything like that.  Just good ol' fashioned black tea.I believe she's the owner - lady with glasses... she is WONDERFUL.  VERY friendly, funny, personable and attentive.  I'm glad to say that there's a new breakfast joint in town, and it's affordable!!  You can get anything on the menu all day long, too.  That's a bonus.This place is growing on me...No hard booze yet.  Not sure if they're going to go that route.  No matter to me at this point. One thing I would like to point out that kind of irks me about this place:  the silverware.  They really should upgrade their silverware just a wee bit.  I don't like cutting into things and feeling like the silverware is cutting into ME.  Also, I really don't like it when my fork bends.   It's just really, really, REALLY cheap silverware, and I'm glad to say it does not affect the flavor of the food! :)
<review# 809,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2013,3/20/2014,86,265,,8,5>Went back to try the food. Thursday night NFL football, Oregon vs Stanford college football and the most inviting restaurant owner. What else could you ask for?We had the French Dip and it was great. They split the order for us so we could each have half. They still gave us full servings of potato salad though! The potato salad was fresh and delicious. I even got a free cup of coffee after dinner while we stayed and chatted. Little bit of an older crowd, but that's the scene in BV, we don't mind... it's our home too and we love it.Can't wait to go back!
<review# 810,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2014,3/19/2014,226,648,3,6,5>Another Petaluma gem! I've been craving good Italian recently and Cucina Paradiso hit the spot. I ordered the Calamari thinking I would get the traditional fried Calamari - what I got was a fresh calamari salad. I gave it a shot and it was really good - it was much better than fried calamari because I got the full flavor of the calamari and it was great. Super fresh and paired perfectly with the salad.My  main dish was Ravioli Di Anatra - Homemade pasta filled with roast duck in sundried tomato, pine nut, and basil sauce. It was a generous serving of ravioli and was also very good.I highly recommend going to Cucina Paradiso on your next night out - make a reservation and be prepared to overindulge. Its the best way to experience it.
<review# 811,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2011,4/4/2011,123,1032,2,4,5>I'm not gonna try and cover any new ground with this review. I just wanted to dogpile on how awesome this place is by giving it a 5 Star review and lots of love.If you've never been: go. Go as soon as you have time. You will be seeing an amazing place. Sit in a redwood ring and listen. Imagine all the time that has passed, and the trees towering above you. There are entire ecosystems up there, separate and active. Alive. Just like you. And beneath you, wow. That's where all the activity REALLY is. Breathe it in. This grove is sacred.
<review# 812,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2011,4/3/2011,96,212,1,12,7>FLATS, HILLS, RAVINES AND WATERFALLSTruly a multitude of hikes for all abilities. If you stay on the main path, you can enjoy a perfectly level walk from the trail head off Indian Valley Road to Indian Valley College.  Completed shaded for most of the way by tall trees and flanked by babbling brooks, it's delightful in temperate weather and so nice and cool during the hot summer months. If you want a moderate hike, head up the slight slope to your left about 100 feet from the trail head. You meander through woods, going up and down gentle slopes. At the halfway mark, there is a nice uphill that takes less than 5 minutes to scale. At the top, you'll see the softball fields of IVC. Head downhill, following the path toward the right, and it dumps you back onto the main path for a flat walk back.If you want a much more vigorous hike, walk for about 10 minutes and look for Buzzard's Burn or or Waterfall Hike to your right.  Both hikes will give you a nice work out. Waterfall Hike is particularly nice during the wet season for obvious reasons.
<review# 813,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2010,4/2/2011,35,76,8,5,4>Steiners opened a kitchen recently and now serves a good assortment of pub grub-style items like chicken strips, hot wings, tater tots and hot dogs -- all of which are what God intended you to eat while drinking or watching football. I LOVE the tater tots. A fried tot is approximately 800 times more delicious than a home-baked tot. The owner -- previously a professional fisherman and chef -- does bagel and lox specials on the weekends. He doesn't skimp on the smoked salmon and they easily feed two people for $10. The shrimp Louie salad are really popular for good reason -- homemade Louie dressing, heaps of shrimp on iceberg or romaine with all the traditional veggies. There's also thick, Sicilian-style pizza, chicken Louie sandwiches, and homemade tamales.The kitchen is open from 11:30 am until closing at about 2 in the morning, which is a blessing since just about everything else in Sonoma closes at 9pm except taco trucks.There's often food and drink specials during football games, too.
<review# 814,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2010,4/1/2011,700,420,12,12,12>Saddest day of my life.. I called Tony (yeah, we're thisclose now) at around 8:15-8:20 last week and sadly, he said he ran out of dough and ingredients! OMG, I have never heard of that! Clearly, his pizza is out of this world that he ran out of inventory! But es okay, my BF just picked up pizza tonight. :-) I'm a happy girl again!PS, Tony is closed on Tuesdays.. What the heck, he can't take a break! I'm addicted to his pizzas!
<review# 815,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2010,3/31/2011,30,42,4,10,4>Tired of the gym? I sure am.....I was on my way to Traverso's and I saw the sign that read Three Dog Yoga? I decided to walk in and get some information. This place is relatively new to the shopping center. I purchased a seven week pass to try the three different yoga classes. Power, Flow and Renew. The experience was amazing, the instructor Anna G is very uplifting and really a great instructor. I have been hooked ever since. At first I was thinking how hard can yoga really be? VERY HARD there are some amazing positions to practice. After class I always walkout with a clear mind, relaxed and completely rejuvenated. If you have never tried yoga and are interested I would highly recommend Three Dog Yoga everyone there is friendly and very humble.... namaste.
<review# 816,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2010,3/30/2011,170,264,4,7,5>I have friends in high places. Yes, our local Elk's Lodge is one of those places & not just because of its incredible view.Perhaps you've belonged to a secret society. Well, aren't you special? This is one of those societies that accepts new members & certainly does make you feel special. I was invited by a fabulous Lady Elk to attend a special event at the Lodge the other night & like so many nights in my life, it was one to remember. (Yes, the drinks were good & strong.) It wasn't my first time at the grand old mansion of a home, but it was my first time after dark. The place was even more spectacular at night.Don't get me wrong, the place is really old & definitely needing some repairs, but that's where new members come in. Membership to this elite Club is so affordable, it's really unbelievable. They aren't allowed to advertise, but others can toot their horn. TOOT! TOOT! Members have access to the wonderful bar, the swimming pool, the gardens with fountains flanked by magnolias & so much more. Their monthly events sound like a blast. They love their bar (heck, I love their bar!), family dinner nights, holiday events, Wii Bowling Night, anyone? They've got a kids' room, but the kids seem to have run of this place in such a good way. I witnessed a few "It takes a village" moments & I love the multigenerational influence around the young ins.My small group & I received a very fun tour of the property by the Exalted Ruler. We learned all about the San Rafael born heiress Louise Boyd. After her siblings & parents died, she became quite the explorer of Antarctica & had a ship named Hobby. She was a cartographer (the map room is really neat!) & collected orchids (an entire room in the home was devoted to her specimens though currently empty). She really was a woman after my own heart. I'm definitely a fan of the Elks. I have antlers growing. I can feel it!P.S. If you want to find out more about the initial owner, a dear friend found this article about the curious Louise: marinij.com/lifestyles/c
<review# 817,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2010,3/29/2011,839,101,2,6,2>All the things that are important are here at Domaine Carneros.  Great, historical wine making story, exceptional service, amazing views of Carneros and of course good wine.There's parking in front and in back which is good to know on busy weekends.
<review# 818,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2011,3/28/2011,79,356,10,10,7>Made my first trip to Mi Pueblo today, after having been urged by friends to go check it out.  I grew up in San Diego, where we regularly took quick trips across the border for carnitas, tamales and conchas. This was the food of my childhood, and now that weekend jaunts to Mexico are definitely a thing of the past, I'm so nostalgic for it.  You know how hard it is to get good Mexican food on this side of the border.   It's hard.  And in lily-white Marin, it's a little extra hard.  Enter Mi Pueblo.  When I saw their food court, I wanted to sink to my knees and sob.  Carnitas, tacos, flautas, flattened chicken, al pastor, giant quesadilas, like 15 different kinds of salsa.  It was a thing of beauty.  Mama, I'm home.I made my way over to the panaderia.  Here is where I get really sappy, because I have so many memories of picking out rolls and pastries in our favorite bakery in Tijuana.  They've got everything at Mi Pueblo.  All the little sweets I remember, and then some.  I loaded up a tray and brought it to the bakery counter to be priced and bagged, just as it should be.  Around the back of the store there's a large meat and seafood section, and a case of specialty cheeses.  You've got all your canned stuff in the center of the store, and then a very impressive produce section near the panaderia and food court.  They had these enormous, lovely mangos for 2 for $1.  Do you know if they'll let you move into Mi Pueblo?  I'll just bring a sleeping bag and I'm all set.The staff was super friendly, even when this gringa clearly didn't know which line to stand in to order at the food court.  Everything was fairly inexpensive.  I will be back.  Like tomorrow.
<review# 819,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2011,3/27/2011,32,117,2,8,4>DH & I came here early on a weekday night. We were seated promptly & the greeting was very friendly. I'd read there were happy hour specials until 6:30 & we arrived before 6:30, but no one mentioned or offered them, so dunno if they're a bargain or not. Still wondering why they weren't offered. Water came immediately along with our server asking if we wanted drinks. I had a flask of sake & DH was torn about which to order. Our server was so sweet and accommodating that she brought back two little glasses with sake samples for DH to sample & choose from. Started with the dim sum sampler, which I recommend you skip. There's nothing wrong with it, but I found it bland & uninteresting. DH had won ton soup which he enjoyed. We ordered Spicy Red Thai Curry Chicken, which was really good, though on the mild side - I'd expected it to be spicier. Also ordered Miso Escolor which was recommended by another Yelper who was spot on - great dish. Last we had Shrimp Pad Thai Noodles which DH usually hates. He commented "this is the best Pad Thai I've ever had" and though I'm not sure I'd say best ever, it was pretty darn tasty. Others have commented on the small portions, but I found them to be average size. Maybe we Americans are too used to Super size & we think anything not huge is a rip. We took home leftovers of 2 of the main dishes. The bill, inc tax, came in at a whopping $100 even - yikes! Though to be fair, the sake was at least $25. But still, $75 for 2 apps & 3 shared dishes is pretty steep, so though I recommend Chinois, it's definitely more of a special night out than a casual regular dinner spot.
<review# 820,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2010,3/26/2011,341,280,,7,3>I really do love this place ;) The food is fantastic, not heavy or overdone, just simple and good. The first time Sissy and I ventured in here we had the absolute worst service on the planet from one person, and absolutely awesome service from another. Our server was really cranky, she never smiled and seemed to be unhappy about having to deal with us, especially when I asked for a drink suggestion. Whatever fine, we ordered drinks, she came back and got our food order and that was the last time she was near our table. The rest of the night we watched her chat with other servers and eat behind that little wall they have near the bar. Anyway, the gentleman who brought us our food and bussed our table all night was the greatest. Eventually we had to leave our table and go find the waitress after waiting and waiting to get our check. That was the only bad experience we have had there, all the other times have been great. The bartenders are super friendly, the food is my favorite, and I have noticed how awesome the music they play is every single time I have been in Jackson's. Favorite things on the menu include: Mushroom Pizza- AMAZINGRoasted PrawnsOysters ;) yumCaesar Salad- we always share one its perfect size for 2Focaccia & Olive Tapanade- really really good!Bow Tie Pasta- very light ;)Paella (of course!)Last thing I must mention is the music selection that they play. Ive heard a lot of older rock like The Beatles, some newer alternative rock. and some other newer stuff, but seriously its all fantastic ;)
<review# 821,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2011,1/20/2012,139,364,,1,1>Great sausages, delicious burgers, good but slow service, nice fixins bar, and not a Gastropub! I like Wurst a lot but take it for what it is, a gourmet sausage joint. We tried the burger and the spicy beer sausage, for the $ the burger is a better deal. Their frites are killer and you can certainly split them between 2 people, they have a tarragon ranch, garlic aioli, and other sauces to complement their food. The ketchup and mustard selection is real nice too and love having them as choices to doll up my food. The outside seating area is great on a sunny Cali day. Thanks Wurst, I'll be back.
<review# 822,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2011,1/19/2012,2,29,,1,1>Have visited this tasting room twice.  Loved the ambience. The dark walls with the "lucite" chairs and chandelier make this place a return spot for me. Smooth, polite service was appealing.  Only complaint-can I get a restroom?
<review# 823,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2009,1/18/2012,18,59,2,2,1>I agree. This Inn would require a 6th star if possible. They have earned it in every way. I took my brand new wife there on our honeymoon and it was AWESOME! The service was absalutely unparalleled not to mention the food was OUT OF THIS WORLD! The rooms are comfortable and not over done, but elegant and worth every penny. I've stayed in some pretty nice places in my day, but this one takes the cake so far. Definitely recommended. They have a tough cancellation policy like everyone else, but it would take an act of God to keep me from filling my reservation.
<review# 824,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2010,1/17/2012,5,5,,2,2>Thank you so much, you guys are great.  You did such a great job at fixing my son's bicycle.  Loved the price!!!
<review# 825,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2012,1/16/2012,155,397,2,3,2>I love this place and would love to give 5 stars, BUT I love a good french toast and this is not the place for it.  This place takes me out of my comfort zone, which I embrace with both hands.CHICKEN FRIED STEAK.It is crispy from the first bite to the last.  Spuds are delicious.  Coffee is fantastic.  Service is usually quite lovely.  Wait is crazy on the weekends but good food is worth it.  If the french toast were to improve then this would be the best place in town-no question.
<review# 826,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2011,1/15/2012,81,202,6,8,6>Sometimes accidents are a good thing.  If you aren't a "regular" to downtown Mill Valley, Avatar's is a spot that you would probably only find exactly that way - by accident.  (It's located about two blocks off the action in the downtown square).  Like other great "hole in the wall" eateries in Mill Valley, it is a good idea to get it 'to go'; I only remember one or two tables in the whole place - and they are awkward!  But the ingredients they put in the Indian flatbread burrritos are the real star of the show, and what has given this place such a good following for so many years.  Definitely worthy of visiting if you are hungry for lunch & happen to be in downtown Mill Valley!
<review# 827,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2011,1/14/2012,99,207,2,3,3>(pardon my language)If you like to shake your ass, this is the place to do it!(ok language better from here on out)Let's talk about fitness with fun, dancing is the way to go. I've checked out Jacquie's Cardio Hip Hop and Beginners Hip Hop classes, they are both amazing. She's a great teacher and kicks your butt. Cardio hip hop is easy to follow and keeps your heart rate up, not to mention you are drenched with sweat by the time it's over. Jacquie also adds in a FREE weight training session to the end of both of her classes. Yeah, I said it, FREE... Whatever Jacquie says to do, I do it. Check out her body, she knows what she's doing.I dragged a friend of mine to Tika's "Zumba" class, zumba with quotes because it's not your normal zumba. Tika is all about the dance more then fitness and I appreciate that. Though I'm not drenched in sweat as much as Jacquie's cardio class, I appreciate the movement and feel Tika brings to her version of zumba. I'm a huge fan and I've been frequenting both Fairfax and Mill Valley studios at least 3 times a week. If you're looking for a great way to burn calories and having fun doing it. Check out the above mentioned classes. I'm a huge fan!
<review# 828,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2011,1/13/2012,86,345,2,7,3>This place is not getting 5 stars for two reasons and two reasons only... it's WAAAAAYYYY too loud in there to pay these kind of prices and the ladies at the hostess stand were not very welcoming when we got there, nor were they very friendly or helpful on the phone. That being said, we had an incredible experience, highlighted by seeing Chef Morimoto himself. Boyfriend and I decided to do it up. Our bill, was $286 including the tip. Worth every penny? I'd be more inclined to say so if the ridiculously loud bimbos that spilled over from the lounge weren't yelling in my ear. To start we had the toro tartare which was excellent. I loved all the little dipping accoutrements.  We also had the rock shrimp tempura which was surprisingly good as well. They come prepared two ways and there is a house made ranch on the side which was interesting and tasty. We moved on to the $40 chef's choice sushi + the soft shell crab roll, a few hand rolls and a few pieces of sashimi. I noticed someone below say that you could get sushi for cheaper in SF. Yes! You absolutely can. I have been to many delightful sushi restaurants over the years. But I can honestly, honestly say that the quality of the fish here is the best I've ever had. Truly. It was all divine. We finished up with the lobster epice, which was definitely a good choice. I made sure to save room for the donuts which were fun to eat, again, due to all the fun dipping you get to do. They bring out four different sugars with two different sugar glues (molasses and honey). They were like clouds melting in my mouth. Yum!Will I come back? Absolutely. There are so many things we wanted to try but couldn't. Excellent presentation, first class service. Really just an awesome experience with great food. But don't come here on a budget. The people at the table next to us were and they looked liked they were having way less fun.
<review# 829,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2011,1/12/2012,157,259,9,7,5>And how good is it, you ask? Here's an interesting take on this cake:I bought a Sweet Things carrot cake for my husband's birthday. A bunch of us were having a picnic at a winery in Healdsburg that was releasing a blush that day. Outdoor live music, Hog Island oysters, tastings and so on. We were having a lovely day and I even ate 2 raw oysters! Delicious.About 2 hours in, I began to feel really strange (physically). I decided that I had to do the birthday cake and candles since we'd all snacked and eaten and my condition was deteriorating fast. We pulled out the cake, lit the candles, did the birthday thing and served it up. I was NOT hungry at all since I was feeling nauseated and could only muster a couple bites. Seriously, I was sweating and an alien was about to jump out of my chest. I was looking for places to crawl away and die.15 minutes later, I was in the bathroom re-enacting the bridal shop scene from Bridesmaids. A bad oyster had me on my knees for 2 days.  :(HOWEVER, the bites of cake I ate (before the wave of mutilation hit) were delicious. If you've ever had food poisoning, you know that the last thing you want to do is eat or drink anything. It makes you even sicker. So, the fact that this cake got high marks from someone who ate it while suffering from unrelated food poisoning... proves it's at least worth a shot. I accept your nomination for Strange But True Review Of The Day.
<review# 830,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2011,1/11/2012,66,100,5,11,6>Yes!!!!!!This place is delicious. The ambience is very nice- it wasn't noisy as some reviews mentioned but my friend and I came in while it was fairly quiet. Half way through our meal it got busy but still was not loud.The manager (owner maybe?) was present on the floor and we were asked through out our meal how everything was. He and the whole staff were friendly and smiling. Our water glasses were filled a few times and they were prompt about cleaning away used dishes.I ordered hot sake which was served very warm but not too hot to drink and stayed warm throughout my meal. We also ordered two Rainbow rolls, a Bodega Bay roll (spicy tuna with seaweed salad -yum!), and a dragon roll along with Salmon nigiri, crab tempura and asparagus tempura with dipping sauce. I got a miso soup too which was nice- not too salty at all if you are turned off by salty miso, yet still flavorful.Everything was fresh and excellent. The portions are generous and they don't skimp on anything. The place was clean and pleasant.The servers were very friendly and we didn't have to wait for anything.All over a good experience, well worth the money and we are stoked to have this place in Napa!*I'd like to add here that I went back last week and it was still a great experience! I am liiiking this! :)
<review# 831,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2013,5/17/2013,20,34,,3,1>Every winter I go with a friend or boyfriend to Indian Springs for mud baths to enjoy their winter special. My experience has always been perfect and the service impecable. On this particular trip there were a couple of mix ups that surprised me, but the staff did everything in their power to make it right.I wanted to thank Brion Rios, the general manager, for how he took care of my guest and I. Your staff and services are wonderful, and the resort is lucky to have you on board. I recommend to anyone who loves mudbaths (or thinks they might) to go up to Indian Springs and stay in the lodge. One of the best weekend trips out there and, if you love your employees, they have a great conference room as well.
<review# 832,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2013,5/16/2013,68,196,,3,2>This is a really awesome small venue for seeing some live music. We saw a Rolling Stones cover band over the weekend and had a wonderful time, even though we were about 25 years younger than the average age of the crowd. It's intimate, well set-up, and our waitress was very nice. The tables are mostly set for four people, so the two of us were seated with another couple who turned out to be super fun.Our pizza took forever to arrive, and then we had trouble getting a drink at one point - it took about 20 minutes, our server going back to the bar, and eventually my boyfriend going to the bar, but we were offered a free drink for the trouble and the waitress was very apologetic. In the end, it was no big deal. We still had a really fun experience and would definitely go back.
<review# 833,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2012,5/15/2013,1,3,,1,2>I found this company by checking Yelp ratings locally. He's worth the five stars! Punctual, efficient, fair prices. What more can you ask? He sat down to my Mac which is running Windows 7 with an unusual disk array which was not working at all (2TB of info and images inaccessible!). He methodically troubleshot the various issues, made several suggestions for my future information and set about repairing the issue. All of my data is back and he told me of a cable I can get at the Mac Store to make the whole thing run even faster. Yay, Alex!
<review# 834,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2013,5/14/2013,47,229,2,4,2>I instantly fell in love with Beerworks and have come back twice in a week - once for brunch and the other time for a late dinner.  I love the ambiance and the rustic setting. Brunch: came here with a friend who does not eat pork or beef. Unfortunately the menu of the day only consisted of pork items! I wish the menu had more variety for people with dietary restrictions. She ended up getting a kale dish but was kind of upset that her choices were so limited. I got the pastrami sandwich. Wow. So yummy and filling. You can really tell that they use quality ingredients!!Dinner: my boyfriend is a beer fanatic and so I knew this place would be the perfect spot for him. They have a huge variety of house beers but also carry some other ones as well. Choosing a beer here is so hard. Their descriptions all sound so tasty. I ended up getting the Sweetwater which is comparable to a pale ale. To start we got the grilled pork belly. Oh my goodness my boyfriend was talking about it the whole weekend. It wasn't as fatty or greasy as other pork bellies we have had. I wish the portions were bigger so I could have had it as an entree! For our entrees we shared the fettuccine and pork short ribs. The fettuccine was served very simple with Swiss chard. The pasta had the perfect texture and the flavors were very light. Our short ribs had a spicy, tangy sauce and the meat fell off the bones. I would definitely go back for these dishes.My experiences at Beerworks thus far have been wonderful. The food is outstanding and the service is great. The servers have always been attentive and helpful when asked for recommendations. I couldn't ask for more!
<review# 835,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2013,5/13/2013,37,12,4,6,4>THE BEST AUTO MECHANIC IN SONOMA!!! Hands down! Eric is the most genuine, knowledgeable, committed auto mechanic I have ever met. My family has been taking our cars there for at least 10 years and we have a lot of cars Hondas, Ford Pick Ups, a 17 passenger ford van and an 85 BMW and Eric has been able to fix and take care of them all in a timely manner at a great price. I try to take care of my car as best I can, regular oil changes and maintenance, but when something does come up I can ALWAYS drive right over to Eric and he will know whats wrong in the shortest time and fixes it right away. My dad had a problem with one of our vehicles once and took it somewhere in Santa Rosa, they guy wanted to charge my dad $800 to fix some part on it that he thought was wrong, fortunately my dad declined the service and took it over to Eric, he inspected it for 30 mins and figured out it was a bent piece of plastic on rubbing the inner wheel well, he un-bent it for free and saved my dad all that money!!! AWESOME!!! My sister got in an accident and she lives in the East Bay, she brought her car in for a quote on fixing some part of it and they quoted her about $1200, she came home and brought it to Eric and he looked at it and said that what was wrong with it was NOT what the other guy said and all he had to do was fix a hose and some other part and only cost $250!!! This guy is extremely knowledgeable and guess what he like to do on his free time?! FIX CARS!!! That is his passion, it's his life, he's been working on cars for over 50 years! The man is a walking auto dictionary!! I would HIGHLY recommend taking your car over to Eric at least to price compare then you will know yourself. He is very reliable and fair and I would give him 10 stars!!
<review# 836,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2013,5/12/2013,77,119,2,3,2>Hillside is tucked away, just off the main drag in Sausalito, behind a lovely garden.  They have a unique variety of gifts and home decor.  I especially loved the jewelry - lots of earnings, necklaces and rings that I have never seen before.   There was also a few really interesting home decor items made out of re-purposed wine barrels - so cool!  I look forward to returning to Hillside to check out their newest items next time I'm in Sausalito.
<review# 837,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2013,5/10/2013,248,493,4,6,4>This is one of the first places Brown Eyes and I went together and it quickly, for me, became one of those elusive spots that I return to again and again and actually venture on the menu. Elusive because I have MAYBE 5 spots that I go back again and again and even less that I trust enough to not get the steady go-to and wander the menu.No disappointments yet.This is friendly, super casual and super DELICIOUS. Your standard familiar Mexican dishes are there, and they are fantastic, but there are also dishes much less expected - say prawns in a flavorful broth with mushrooms, onions and peppers adorned with cactus! Quality is not lacking even in the simplest dish like Pollo con Crema - super mild, but so satisfying.I now must move into the realm of ridiculousness, as in size and taste. The Gordo Macho Burrito. Now, this is surely enough for 4 days of eating or a night's worth for a family, but you just have to get this huge, platter-consuming-sized burrito. My smart smart Brown Eyes gets a mix of shredded chicken and beef and that is because he KNOWS how to do it. All the right toppings of fresh pico de gallo, sour cream and guacamole and stuffed with the crispy fried beef and juicy chicken - not just full of beans and rice. BUT, the beans and rice that DO accompany are just the right amount and a great flavor and texture addition.Then, there's the nachos. We have actually JUST gotten these and been full up for dinner. Steak is our favorite, but you have your choice - the chips are warm because they are JUST MADE and everything is the best you've ever had.The food is always affordable and it's always fresh. You can come to rely on this place absolutely for at least 3 things; quality ingredients, awesome tastes and a line! There is no reason not to venture, you will wonder why you didn't...after you did.p.s. there is a 3 man Mariachi group on Sunday nights, our move is for Brown Eyes to go for a cigarette break and I to be consumed in my phone - they never bother a high-strung Gringa with a blackberry!
<review# 838,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2013,5/9/2013,352,403,3,6,3>For lunch at Hopmonk, I enjoy their Philly cheese steak sandwich on naan bread.  A solid lunch sandwich that was really delicious.  I noticed they have a large patio area that will no doubt come into use when the weather improves.Hopmonk also has some incredible Happy Hour specials on both food and drink.  Their happy hour is 3-6pm, Monday through Thursday.  They have 3 Dollar pints on their house beers; the Hopmonk Kellerbier, Tavern Ale, and Dunkelweizen.    They also have deals on wine, spirits and a happy hour menu that includes:-2 Fish tacos- Hamburger sliders-Pulled pork sandwiches-Brat-dogs-Fried sausageBe sure to check them out!
<review# 839,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2013,5/8/2013,6,3,,4,2>This is the best old-school burger you can get in San Rafael. The burgers are enormous, messy and delicious. A true throw-back to my highschool days. Sitting outside with a Giant BBQ Burger in hand, qualifies as a classic memory of Marin for me. They are an icon of San Rafael eats and should not be missed.
<review# 840,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2012,5/7/2013,29,109,,4,1>Love this place. Best chips and guacamole, hands down, and priced great too. They also have a salsa and guacamole sampler with interesting twists, good if you're a creative eater. Tacos and tortas are delish. The tortilla soup is yummy but pretty spicy so I think next time I'll ask for a more mild version. Great drinks also. Nice place to go with colleagues or friends, festive but in an elegant way.
<review# 841,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2010,2/1/2013,38,12,2,4,1>This is my favorite sushi restaurant in Sonoma County. I'm a little biased, because my friends brought me here years ago to introduce me to sushi. When you start with the best, the bar is inevitably higher.The freshness of the food is impressive and, as is expected, you can watch the chefs make your order right at the bar. It's a small place, though, so going earlier in the evening seems to be the best time for some drop-in sushi. For the quality of food and how enjoyable the atmosphere is, the price can't be beat. Last time I was there, the price of two California Rolls was $10.The review options list "Beer & Wine Only" but Yao Kiku does offer a wide variety of cold and warm sakes.They even do orders to go, which is great for me since I have three kids and taking the clan to a serene sushi restaurant would be like taking a herd of elephants to an antiques show.
<review# 842,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2012,1/31/2013,515,854,2,6,7>Holy moly, I haven't been inspired to write a review in a long while, but Two Bird did it for me. Start with Billy, our host. Stately, and professional. A bit older than I am, maybe. A true gentleman. He efficiently grabbed the attention of two adjacent tables. Ours being one of them. His masterful presentation of the evening's specials had all the love and integrity of a proud dad. I want to order EVERYTHING.I had a caprese salad with heirloom tomatoes picked within hours and a generous anchovie supply (see pic).yelp.com/biz_photos/LWX4 This followed by out-of-this-world RICH clams, mussels and superb sauce on pasta.Damn, I could eat here every night. The espresso after dinner kept me up too long. But I was thinking about returning to Two Bird, so it's all good.A real treat.
<review# 843,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2009,1/30/2013,31,145,3,4,4>The best pizza and service around.  If you like gourmet pizza, homemade pasta and only the best ingredients then you'll enjoy this place.
<review# 844,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2012,1/29/2013,60,26,,1,1>Under new ownership but the pie is still great. It's as close to NY style pizza that I've found in Santa Rosa. My personal favorite is The Godfather. Plus, this place delivers! It's a little pricey so it isn't my every day joint but it is a great treat!
<review# 845,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2013,1/28/2013,2,20,,2,1>the friendliest cleanest chillest place ever, the couple that owns it are such sweet hearts and its over all my fav place due to the comfort level.
<review# 846,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2012,1/27/2013,10,179,,3,1>Wow. Have I never reviewed Video Droid? I've been coming here for almost 15 years now. THE BEST video selection of any video store I've seen. COMPREHENSIVE, really, with friendly, knowledgeable staff. They even have direct imports of obscure Asian films, some out of print titles and lots of DVDs for sale. For all you pervs out there, they still do carry an "adult" section in a discreet curtained room in the back (which takes some guts in this county). If you are a movie fan and you are going somewhere else for your videos, you are missing out.
<review# 847,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2011,1/26/2013,4,23,,1,2>Carl is efficient, reasonably priced, and a good guy to talk to. If you happen to live in Novato, you can bet he'll know everything there is to know about the plumbing in your neighborhood or type of house. He has a "knock it out" kind of mindset and doesn't mess around. Highly recommended.
<review# 848,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2012,1/25/2013,18,11,2,3,4>I've been going to La Azteca since I was a little kid, they will always be my number one place to go for mexican food. Salsa is so addicting I will down like 3 cups of it in a meal! Everything I have tried here is amazing. Carnitas is my favorite, probably order for pick up once every week or so.
<review# 849,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2007,1/24/2013,3,10,3,1,1>Danger! Enter with caution, you're liable to spend an entire paycheck at this boutique. The staff is friendly, they have a great sale rack and you can always find the perfect top, dress or outfit for any occasion. Shop 'til you drop! But don't by that dress I've been eyeing on the sale rack ;-)
<review# 850,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2010,1/23/2013,3,14,,1,1>I always buy all of my fabulous handbags at Citrus!!! I have never been let down by price or quality...Kelly really knows what she is doing in this business. Her customer service skills are through the roof, she replaced a pair of sandals for in no time!I just LOVE to shop there and support local business!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
<review# 851,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2010,7/26/2012,98,29,2,4,3>I recently had the pleasure of having Leticia do my nails, Cal Gels, that is.  I was a bit hesitant because when it comes to my nails and hair.... I am super picky, and seeing as how my fav people are in Sacramento, I just can't do the commute anymore, so I decided to take a risk and come to the Beehive.....and I'm glad I did!Leticia is amazingly compassionate, knowledgeable, and has been consistently learning and perfecting her technique and trade for years!  She does a really great job, and is extremely patient, and actually cares to hear exactly what you have to say.  Including what you do and don't like, how you want your results to look, and so on... she is very thorough.  Her prices are around $35 for clear gels with $30 fills, I believe it was $40 for color gels w/ $35 fills.  You can go up to almost 4 weeks before having to get a fill, although she suggests 2-3 weeks, and they come out awesome.  Highly, highly recommend Leticia for all of your nailcare needs!
<review# 852,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2011,7/25/2012,49,4,,2,1>Nice small place with a good atmosphere and outside seating. I'm a big fan of their curry dishes. They have some great dishes for me as a vegetarian, and my vegan friend that was with me.
<review# 853,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2010,7/24/2012,46,60,27,9,3>Long time Sonoman, I have been coming here for burgers as long as I can remember. This is by far one of my favorite burger places and truly is a mom and pop's business. I try to come here at least once a week if i'm in town, and highly recommend it. Don't however go in with some sort of whiny attitude.. We Sonomans can smell it, and will laugh at you.So now a few words to the ignorant... No ATM.. This is a mom and pops.. They take cash.. Remember? Legal tender? Google it... Idiots..Parking is pretty much street parking.. A magical parking garage will not appear for you.. Sorry.. If you cant find a place to park, chances are that they are full and you won't find a place to sit either. So either grow a pair and tough it out like a big boy or girl or piss off.You order at the counter... If you go an sit down and wait for someone to take your order.. Chances are you are an idiot. If you are looking to have your hand held by the nice couple who work and own this business while you dick around for 20 min's deciding if you can afford bacon on your diet, it is not going to happen, and again you are an idiot. They are generally busy, and don't have time for stupid people standing at the counter wasting their time trying to decide on what they want. Step away from the counter and do this assholes, no one wants to wait for you, no matter how much money you have on your card... In closing, if you look at the good reviews you will see that the food is great and the place is clean. This is true. If you look at the bad reviews you will notice that they are whiny bitches who nobody, not even the owners of the fine burger place seem to like :D Don't take it personally, you are just an idiot, and in need of some personal growth as a human being.
<review# 854,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2012,7/23/2012,4,10,,1,2>I found community cafe on Yelp after looking for  (and NEEDing) a good breakfast burrito after a long night out in SF and before going into work. I didn't have much time so I called ahead and ordered. I found more than I was looking for and all good. Comfortable and cozy space, friendly and helpful staff, and the burrito was just what I needed. I also ordered a Mocha and it made was just right. I met Margie on my visit and she could not have been sweeter. She even offered to help me carry my order out to my car and she was busy in there this morning. I will absolutely be back and community café has now been added to my recommendations list. Thank you again Margie!
<review# 855,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2011,7/22/2012,81,34,2,1,2>Love the food! Cheap, fast, and easily addicting! El pastor tacos are my favorite but everything is delicious! Make sure you get the right taco truck because the wrong one could affect your bowels.
<review# 856,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2012,7/21/2012,184,285,5,5,4>Sharma always hits the spot.  The food was amazing and friendly man that works there...whatever his name is.  And try the rose water.  Light and very tasty.  They will put the yogurt sauce on anything you order, if you just ask.  Can't get any better than that.Plus, any place off of 4th street is a quality restaurant.
<review# 857,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2012,7/20/2012,259,650,9,10,9>If you're a fan of flea markets, swap meets, garage sales or estate sales I dare you to drive by this place without slowing down.  Most of the "store", as it were, is outside and there's a lot to see from the street:  Old Adirondack chairs, old metal lawn chairs, big old wooden signs.  In a nutshell, lots of outdoor shabby chic furnishings that are on their second or third lifetime.  But park your car and explore more deeply 'cause there's a whole lot of things being sold here at very reasonable prices.  Spread amongst the outdoor furnishings are smaller recycled and re-purposed desirables like paper-white narcissus bulbs blooming from silver coffee servers.  There are 4 small buildings (more like gardening sheds) comprising the store, and 3 feature used goods of a more indoor nature:  clothing, purses, cowboy boots, teapots, fruit bowls and more.  The largest little out-building features new goods, all really well priced and cute:   women's clothing, jewelry, pillows.  The newer merch may not be top quality but then again, the prices aren't top tier either.  I scored 3 colorful pillows and a necklace for under $25 (and no, that's not a typo).  Cute place, doggies welcome.
<review# 858,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2012,7/19/2012,141,176,1,7,3>This place hands down gets 5 stars from me always. It's my "go to" in Sonoma County for being one of my two favorite places for Italian food. The nay sayers usually complain about the same things: service, time and delivery.When you go in here you need to have a couple of things in your mind set to make it flow properly.Everything (food) for your party should be ordered at the same time. Trust me on this. They help you sort out if that is enough for your party by describing portion sizes and they are dead on correct. Wine/drinks can be ordered throughout the meal as you want it. So basically think 'family style'. They describe they have a small kitchen, which you can see as you walk to the bathroom. But they are a very small venue so make a reservation. They don't take reservations more than a month out and say they only accommodate a max of 6 people; however if you call they often make exceptions for more. The further out the better.Wine maker dinners are Wednesdays and the last time we went (Sept '11) we got Fred Scherrer. Awesome wines! I'll post a review for his wine on yelp here.I digress, you must try the calamari, the meatballs (they added a meatball to yield one for all five of us; usually it comes with four), and the castleventrano olives and their olive oil (Dry Creek ... to die for) with foccacia. We also got some pizzas, ever to please, but only for NY thin crust lovers. The crusts actually crunch like crackers. I'm sure they would bring more marinara if you asked for dipping. I love crackers so this was all my forte.If you sit outside, don't worry as it's quite warm and they have a tarp type thing they hang from the front. That is for 6 or more table though.I've been here tons of times. Feel free to hit me up for suggestions, but basically, this is also my "go to" in Healdsburg. Reasonably priced, great food. They can't help they have a small venue  [always make a reservation or stand at the door when they open at 5 pm; it's a dinner only place]. And don't look for a large Scopa sign. Read near the windows and you'll find a menu. Then you'll know you are at the right place. I know, a little surplussed people have gotten unable to find it, but if everyone found it ... would it be as good or easy to get into?
<review# 859,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2011,7/18/2012,116,74,,2,1>Been loving Studebaker products for a long time!!!  Great ingredients. no additives...so you get honest food without being "fake"...ie lecithin smoothers. For the yelper who complained um in case you didn't realize it was sour cream on top of your confection so thats why it tasted SOUR! LOL so if you want the best do not deny yourself and eat a taste of heaven...Studebaker Cheesecakes.
<review# 860,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2010,7/17/2012,10,115,3,2,3>A few short years ago, I went to the midnight premiere for The Order of the Phoenix.(Instant nerd alarm.)It was SICK!The fact that this was the only place in town doing this lovely event, and that everyone was dressed up, was just a blast.Oh, and I made a bitchin' Hermione.
<review# 861,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2010,3/9/2010,163,290,4,6,7>I really like this place! They did an amazing transformation after the Peking Wok closed. Before it was dark and dirty, now it is lovely. Even the women's rest room was thought out nicely with the bowl sink.Have eaten here twice so far, and both times were good. Their taco salad, huge, the al pastor tacos, tasty and the cheese enchiladas, delicious. The beans are freshly made.The decor is lovely. Prices are very reasonable. The owners are trying hard to please. I hope they prosper well and do great once Whole Foods opens and folks know they are there.
<review# 862,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2009,3/8/2010,155,397,2,4,5>I love local neighborhood haunts and this is certainly one of them. A classic in Sebastopol this place has all the hippy haven awesomeness you would expect from a java stop here. The tastey morsels of pastries are a safe bet-whatever you choose.The coffee is strong and delicious, full bodied and not bitter. The environment is relaxing and right off the bike path towards Santa Rosa or Forestville so it is a great stop mid-way.
<review# 863,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2009,3/7/2010,90,172,3,10,7>This place was intriguing walking in- plenty of imported Italian pastas and the smell of fresh cut salami to greet you.  The menu offers a number of variations of sliced to order meats, Italian cheeses, pesto and pepperchinis- and the best thing about their sandwich list? They not only allow substitutions, the embrace them (so good- its almost a dare). The Luchese ($7.99) (subbed salame toscano for soppressata ) was fantastic- more freshly cut meat than you could imagine, with quality cheese and a fantastic sourdough roll.  Some may say that the staff isn't that friendly, but with a sign that asks customers to substitute away, what do you expect? :) I'll definitely head back when I'm in that neck of the woods.
<review# 864,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2009,3/6/2010,157,259,1,7,4>Wow! I was looking for an Indian place to hit up before a night of bowling and decided on Lotus because of its reputation amongst Yelpers. And, I repeat, wow!The four of us had the pakora and samosa sampler, 2 bottles of wine, Aloo Gobi, Chicken Saag, Chicken Korma, Lamb Tikka Masala, and an assortment of naan that included the pesto, mint/cilantro, and garlic.The food was delivered expeditiously, the staff were nice, and the food was excellent. I've read reviews where people have said this is the best Indian food in Marin County. It just might be.The korma sauce was sweet and the cauliflower in the aloo gobi was still a little crisp. The chicken in the saag and pakora was really tender and flavorful.This is my #1, my go-to, my default. I don't live super close to it, but I don't care! I'd gladly hop in the car for Lotus.
<review# 865,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2009,3/5/2010,307,201,3,3,3>I completely forgot that I have not reviewed this place yet.Hubby and I go here occasionally, and sometimes with our friends.  For a family operated casual Indian food place, this place is on a slightly pricey side... I've gone to cheapy Indian food places in SF that served comparable if not better food than here.However, this is such a convenient location for us and it's the only full on Indian food place in Sausalito (as Avatar's is more Indian fusion).I actually love how casual this place is.  It's open relatively late, menu is on the wall and many have photos, price is obvious, you go in with track suits or fleece jacket and no one would care.  Place is tiny but cozy, and while relatively buzy, we never had to wait for a table so far.You decide on your order, order at the cashier, pick your table, self serve most drinks (except Mango Lassi), eat when food arrives, and pay at the cashier when you are done.Husband and I usually order either a Chicken Tikka Masala plate with samosa or Lamb curry plate with samosa.  They have the same dishes with sauteed vegi side dish too but we prefer the samosa.  Meals come out on an Indian metal plate, all divied up in portions.  Husband usually grabs Kingfisher beer from their fridge, I usually get Mango Lassi, and sometimes Chai to finish.Food portion is just about right, I can usually eat everything on the plate and be not too full but satisfied.It's a great little place to go when you don't feel like dressing up, and they are open until... I believe about 10pm.  We've gone here with a party of 8 once but generally recommend going with smaller group, maybe party of 4 or just as a couple as space does get tight.
<review# 866,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2009,3/4/2010,24,86,,5,4>Ok Ok.. I have not written a review in a very long time.. The economy has been hard on me. But I had to check out the Fremont (formerly Babe's burgers), and it is worth writing about. This place is so good!! The food was awesome. I had a hamburger with blue cheese. It comes with fries and homemade pickles (Yummers!). My fiance had the pulled pork sandwich and I happened to sneak a bite it was super tasty. The meat is so fresh and full of flavor. I can't wait to go back here again. But the best part about this place is the charm it has. Antique country decor that includes colored mason jars on the shelves and old fashioned candy bars for sale. They also sell jars of homemade jams and sweets. The day I went they had an apricot pastry, cookies and zucchini bread . This place is very nostalgic and has awesome food, I seriously can't wait to go back!
<review# 867,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2009,3/3/2010,62,208,1,3,4>Another one that has been bookmarked too long. We got here early and only 2 other tables were occupied. One of the tables had some very loud people and I am glad we got out before they consumed more wine. The food, the waitress suggested to the wife cheese raviolis with Porto Bella mushroom sauce. She was really was happy with the choice. I had the meat calzone and its pretty big. The crust was thin and nicely browned. A side of Marinara sauce came with it. Another yummy Yelp find!
<review# 868,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2009,3/2/2010,56,117,1,9,7>This is the place to head when you are in need of serious relaxation! The resort is full of rustic charm and is very conveniently located in downtown Calistoga. As far as accommodations, they have a choice of cottages of various sizes or motel style "lodge" rooms. I've stayed in both and the cottages are definitely the way to go. The "lodge" rooms are nice, but on the small side and not especially sound proof.Their spa is top notch. The massage and facial services have been stellar every time I've come. While I'm not personally a fan of being submerged in mud, I did give that a try. When in Rome, etc. If you aren't claustrophobic, it is indeed very cleansing. If you're just coming for the spa and not staying at the hotel, they also include pool privileges for the day which is a killer extra. Which leads to me to the oh-so-glorious Olympic sized pool. I really, really, love this pool. It's fed by the natural mineral hot spring on site. They cool the water down to a toasty, yet comfortable temperature, which is a bit warmer in the winter so you can enjoy it year round. It's absolute heaven to float in the soothing water, stare at the night sky and let your stress dissipate. The view is gorgeous during the day - but I prefer night swimming to avoid nasty sunburns. This is a fabulous weekend getaway - and less than a 2 hour drive from the city - very highly recommended!
<review# 869,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2010,3/1/2010,103,359,3,4,4>I love this tea house.  It's light and airey and a great place to sit and relax.  The tables are large to accommodate business meetings and the location is quiet for concentration.  The tea selection is fantastic from the chai's to the earl gray you can't beat this place.  It's modern feel will make you want to come back.  Did I mention free internet!  It's not like the other coffee shops in town and is a welcome respite from your hectic day.  The tea is a bit more pricey but will worth it.
<review# 870,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2009,2/28/2010,52,62,2,4,5>This place is stunning (but yes, so is the price).  However, Calistoga Ranch gets bonus points for being a luxurious resort that accepts dogs :-) You'll feel like you're living the life of the truly spoiled when you enter this idyllic retreat.  Each room (house) features an indoor / outdoor layout and two separate sections of indoor living, so you'll never worry about feeling cramped.  Chill out in your living room with the glass fireplace that lets in the light from outside, then soak in your private hot tub and gaze at the same fireplace from outside.  If you're ready for a snooze, you can then pad over to the other building, which houses the bedroom and bathroom, complete with outdoor shower.My only "complaint" is that the houses are rather close to each other so you might be looking at your neighbors padding around in the their robes in their house too.A stunning location and a memorable stay.
<review# 871,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/16/2010,1/7/2011,253,125,3,8,4>I lived here from Aug 2009 to April 2010, and the reason from my move was because of a difficult roommate situation that I was in. I will not go from that but I will base this all from my experience here. So, here are some positive reasons why this complex could be right for you. There is a heated pool, which was great the few times I got to use it, there is a hot tub which looked great but I never got to use it because the thing was broken about a good portion of the time I was living there so I would say four months? Crowne Ridge provides a small workout room which is great and I got to use that a couple of times and everything works. The floor plan for a two bedroom is lovely and we had a fireplace, that again, I never used. The people in the office seemed nice and for the most part helpful.   Now these are the some of the reasons why you may want to look else where....the people around you are generally nice however there are a lot off big families with small children running about so its not so peaceful. The parking sucks for the most part. I hit one of the polls in the lot because its small and difficult to get around. Also, you can't really have guest over because there is no guest parking at their car will get towed. The walls are kind of thin, so if your neighbors are in conflict with each other you get to hear them duke it out. I do believe that they charge too much for rent, and if you are the roommate who has better credit they will stick you with most of the payments for sewage and water (like me). Also, some of the elevators make strange noises and you feel like you may get suck in them. Another thing I did not like was the lack of washing mashines avalable in the complex, and you can't really do your laundry whenever you like to.   So, I guess its an okay place to live for a short while like myself, who got lucky to get out of their...not because of the complex more like the living situation. I guess go for it if you like, and give it a shot, there are some good people who live there so, I guess its a matter of opinion.
<review# 872,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2010,1/6/2011,40,177,4,4,4>Still.  I'm still a fan. I like to go back to my favorite places and try something new and report back if my experience is still the same.  I would have to say it is, mostly the same, anyway.  On this day, it was a Friday, and not all that busy, I found the service to be a little slow, our waitress seemed a little flustered.  Maybe she was just having an off day, maybe she had just finished with a big rush, I don't know.This visit I had the Genuine Rueben Sandwich ($11.95).  It was genuine.  With 1000 Island Dressing and tender corned beef.  It was a little light, for my taste, on the sauerkraut, but that's the German in me.  The bread was crisp and tasty.  The fries, as always, were done well.  My dining partner had the Caesar's Salad, it was nicely dressed, crisp and fresh.  LindySez: All in all, another fine meal at Bruno's on Fourth.
<review# 873,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2010,1/5/2011,340,166,20,19,19>My sister was working in a fluorescently lit hell on the second floor of McCaulou's department store.  I stopped by and we decided to go get some ice cream.  She only had fifteen minutes, so we came here because it's rarely packed (but avoid this place on 'Free Cone Day'.  Where do all those people come from?).  And as luck would have it, we walked in behind a few stoner kids who were getting an eighteen-scoop bucket, picking out each flavor way too carefully.  Ten minutes passed like an hour does when you're stoned out of your skull.  I didn't know whether to feel sorry for the attendant having to scoop it or the chosen dude that would have to carry all of it home.  But my sister and I did finally get our ice cream.  No matter what flavor of ice cream you get here, it's always going to be unbelievably delicious.  Our fingertips were sticky and the guilt started to kick in.  I wish I was stoned at that moment.  I might have felt good about all of it.  The guilt won, the calorie guilt.    Not the best Ben & Jerry's in Northern California, but maybe the best ice cream joint in Napa.  I've always had great service and their ice cream and smoothies always hit the spot.  Whether you've got the munchies or whether you want to walk around Napa Town Center bobbing and weaving on your cone so as to prevent it from dripping on your sleeve, you'd be right to check out this hallway of an ice cream shop.  Peace, love, and ice cream.
<review# 874,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2010,1/4/2011,38,48,5,5,5>This place is a great little find, about 20 minutes outside of my locale in Petaluma. Upon first walking in, there is a huge blue adirondack chair boasting the Cornerstone logo. They have a monthly photo contest which you can submit your best/most innovative photo in front of the big blue chair, which I love.Admission to Cornerstone's walkthrough gardens is free, and they range from beautiful landscaping to surreal mini golf course to a giant wheel of wishes.  They're really worth checking out, as I haven't seen anything like them in Napa/Sonoma.  The grounds/gardens are small, but it's a fun walkthrough with lots of good photo ops.  They host events, and you can book various gardens for weddings and the like. The garden lawn with the lily pond is simply gorgeous and I immediately found myself giddy as a schoolgirl planning my future wedding in this picturesque setting... a strapless white dress with a sweetheart neckline, simple bouquet of white calla lilies... wait... am I getting off track?  I guess what I'm trying to say is this would be a perfect place to host an intimate wedding :).Along with the gardens, they have various shops, tons of art to view and purchase, a little cafe of sorts, and a wine tasting room.  There's really just a lot to look at.  And taste.  And buy.  It's definitely worth a visit, and a second, and a third. I suggest Cornerstone as a stop in your next visit to wine country.
<review# 875,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2010,1/3/2011,53,182,,9,2>For the past year now, I've heard several people mention that they had a great Italian dinner at this little place on Mendocino Avenue called Nonni's. One friend said his high school class of 1960 recently held their reunion there; another said they always have their holiday dinners there; and another said he always takes his business associates there. I respect these folk's palates, so decided to visit.Nonni's is located on the east side of Mendocino, just north of 5th street. I've driven by a hundred times and have never seen it. But I will tell you this ... after my first dining experience here, it will definitely turn my head in longing desire each time I pass.I've been there twice since, so in this review, I will combine components of all three visits.Call me picky, but when I say I love Italian food, I should really say that I love lasagna, love lasagna, love lasagna and love raviolis. So of course, I chose the meat lasagna as my main entree (they have two kinds of lasagna). For appetizers we had bruschetta, fried calamari as well as a cup of pumpkin soup.The lasagna is for certain, the absolute best I've ever tasted. Filled with luscious layers of cheese and seasoned sausage meat and herbed tomato sauce. INCREDIBLE. I tried to get the recipe but it's a family secret that has been carefully guarded and refined over the years.The bruschetta was good as any bruschetta goes -- it's hard to screw it up.The calamari was perfectly deep fried with a luscious crunchy outside and tender meaty inside -- served with a white aioli dipping sauce that melted in my mouth.The pumpkin soup was a bit on the bland side, but then again, I tend to like spice.The service was great, the prices were fair. The only drawback was the atmosphere. The interior is decorated in a fairly typical style for Italian restaurants, but with high ceilings and cement floors, it is very noisy. So noisy in fact, that at times, I had a hard time hearing my dining companions.Later this week, I plan to indulge my appetites at Nonni's again. This time, our group will be in the upstairs private dining area. Hopefully it will be a bit more intimate and quiet.Despite the noise factor, the outstanding food and friendly atmosphere exuded by staff and owners alike will keep me coming back.
<review# 876,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2009,1/1/2011,39,179,4,6,4>I just like this place.It may be the fond memories of eating in the old diner with my grandparents about twenty-years ago, but I just like this place.I've been in four times, and three of those were solo missions.Quiche? Excellent. Chicken Fried Steak? Bangin'. Sausage Gravy? Second only to Bruno's. Biscuits? Meh. Not bad, but not impressive. Coffee? Good, but will slip up on your bill at $2.50 a cup (free refills though). And on the beverage note, sodas are also $2.50 with refills. I've always found expensive fountain drinks to be ridiculous. Even the low price of $1.00 per pint offers at minimum a 500% margin. Service? SO GOOD. Friendly without being intrusive or weird. Prices? Up there, but not out there. Potato side-dishes? Not sure what I think about these. The hash browns look and taste like Ore-Ida's finest, and the country potatoes are nicely garnished, but lack that something that can set off what is otherwise just hot potatoes. And FYI, they cook their eggs just as you ask, but they come with a nice pool of oil on and around them pretty much every time.I am not going to stop going to the Hillside. I really love it as a breakfast place, and should probably mention that I have not yet had any lunch fare. I've been tempted, but I've stuck to the breakfast business. Also, they have an amazingly talented chef behind them, and everyone that works there that I've interacted with has been really nice and good at their job.I give Jeffrey's my approval (meaningless...), and encourage you to check it out.
<review# 877,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2010,12/31/2010,90,172,,3,4>With 12 flavors of non or low- fat options at $0.39 an ounce you can't go wrong, unless you get a little carried away.The topping options aren't substantial, but the fresh fruit jives well with fruity yogurt flavors (check out coconut and mango- instant tropical getaway in your mouth). The chocolate and vanilla were also solid.All in all, its a nice place to stop and refresh after checking out the new stores in the redesigned mall.
<review# 878,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2010,12/30/2010,252,234,2,6,3>We went to Angele for a nice dinner out of town. It was fabulous! The service was alright, somewhat attentive.. but really it was just enough for me and my guy since we were pretty engaged in conversation most of the time. The food was absolutely beautiful. All fresh ingredients, creative and tasteful (in both sense of the word).  It was a definite stumble upon and a great find. All the food is amazing, it's pricey but worth it and there is something on the wine list for everyone. We had a bottle of my favorite, Shramsberg Blanc de Blancs and they have these cool "ice bags" instead of buckets..Great place, cannot wait to go again!
<review# 879,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2010,12/29/2010,352,403,2,6,5>It's been a couple years since I've visited La Toque at their Rutherford location.  I remembered from my previous dining experience that wine tasting and La Toque's Table menu with wine pairing are a 1-2 knock out combination, that'll send anyone to sleepy town.On my most recent visit La Toque with some family, I was much more conscious of pacing myself in terms of wine and food.  I went with the Chef's tasting menu with wine pairing again, which ended up being a wise decision.  Wine pairings servings were good, no one likes forking over the money for wine pairing and getting a tiny portion of wine to go with your dish.I thought it was a nice touch La Toque's resident wine steward Yoon, gave a description of each wine he chose to accompany each dish and the reasons behind it.  If you visit La Toque, put your trust in Yoon, he won't steer you wrong.  I like the way they prepare their pan fried foie gras.  I'm not a huge foie gras fan, but La Toque does the best job of it from anywhere I've tried.   The foie gras portion can vary, but generally speaking it's quite generous.  I recently discovered that La Toque is one of the few restaurant I've been to that have a Michelin Star.  More important than a distinguished French award is that La Toque's food, wine and service seems to be a perfect fit for my taste, so in that respect, it wins top honors.
<review# 880,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2010,12/28/2010,83,446,1,5,3>My feet are even pickier than my pallette. We're talking bunions the size of Ohio, a longer second toe that takes the hit with closed toe shoes, and skinny rest of the foot and ankle. Plus (you didn't bargain for this, did you?) I have great arches that completely flatten out when I stand. Shoe salesmen run when they see me coming. Somehow, each of the 2 times I've shopped at Bella Tootsie I have found perfect shoes. It is a nice atmosphere with an excellent selection of just the kind of shoes you want to look decent but be verrrrry comfy.
<review# 881,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2008,11/19/2012,9,7,,1,1>Hands down my favorite Vietnamese food. I nearly always get P4 (Steak and Meatball Pho) and either the vegetarian or bbq pork spring rolls. Painfully delicious. I've also gotten a few of the noodle bowls and rice plates and have never been disappointed. The staff is totally awesome and helpful, the prices are pretty darn cheap, and the atmosphere is pleasant, often with Warriors/Giants/A's games on their wall mounted flat screen. I looves. =)
<review# 882,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2011,11/18/2012,3,36,2,2,2>The epitome of cool.  Okay, west county funky cool.  Great place all the way around.  Watcha want?  Pool table - two.  Darts - two in their own area.  Couches - beaucoup.  Dentist chair - yes, really.  Super music venue open to locals and names.  Delhi 2 Dublin.  Great raves, masqerade parties, DJ's, rocking bands.  Love the staff. Finally they got the food down - awesome pizzas, nachos - good beer stuffings. Vintage clothing store is huge.  Perfect for all the dress up events. If BM had a decompress bar - this would be it.  Welcome to Sopassthebowl.
<review# 883,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2012,11/17/2012,31,13,1,2,3>it is gourmet funky........they make their matte the right way as a latte with five choice of dairy and non dairy milk....they have some secrets......a plain white bucket for dog biscuits....toys for children to play with and if you are fortunate you can find Molly the founder.....she is a rock hound and you can find amazing deals on amethyst and other other pieces at the cafe.....if you ask they will even sent steam to the giant coffee cup outside.
<review# 884,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/22/2012,11/16/2012,64,47,1,7,3>My uncle found this nice local Italian restaurant near downtown Santa Rosa. It's in an old Victorian home converted into a restaurant. I loved the unique design of the building and also the surrounding landscape. There was a full bar where I enjoyed an Italian liqueur called Campari. The bartender was nice and friendly. My family came here for a birthday celebration so we had a big party of about 20 people. The waiters were good about keeping up with the food and drinks. We had calamari for appetizers and that was very yummy too. Along with squid, there were shrimp, and octopus in the seafood mixture. YUM! For the salad I had Insalata di spinaci (spinach salad). It was good, but nothing special; I asked them to take off the bacon. For the main course I ordered a crustacean dish with brown rice. It wasn't as big as I was expecting it to be. There were only three shrimp and three scallops. That ended up being okay because I had had a lot of focaccia bread as well as the calamari and salad. I will say that one of my scallops was disgusting. It was noticeably smaller and it looked bad. I took a bite and it was very rubbery. The same thing happened to my cousin who ordered the same dish. I'm not sure if this happened because we were sitting with a group of children and they though we wouldn't notice, or if they usually serve old food to their diners. Regardless, it was a large appointment in an otherwise tasty meal. Finally, for dessert I ordered the chocolate cake. It was heavenly! It was very rich and delicious and I completely ate the entire thing. I thought I was full before eating it, but I somehow managed to make more room.Overall, I would say the ambiance was nice, the food was good but not great and a little overpriced.
<review# 885,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2012,11/14/2012,9,95,,2,1>Delicious nachos.. The chips are super good and the carne asada is like the best I've ever had. Also the guacamole tastes really authentic and much better than at most places. The server was extra friendly and funny.
<review# 886,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2012,11/12/2012,34,294,2,3,2>This place is goooooooooood.  Quiet and no frills.  Everything was tasty.  MOMO's!  YUM
<review# 887,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2012,11/11/2012,96,212,,5,4>SAN RAFAEL GOES PHO!!Finally a Vietnamese restaurant in San Rafael with decent atmosphere and good food.  I'm all about the hole-in-the-wall, but it's gotta be clean.  And this place is.The pho is made with delicious home-made stock.  The vermicelli noodles could come with a little more sauce, but otherwise, another winner.Friendly, fast, efficient service.  I'm a fan.
<review# 888,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2012,11/10/2012,724,333,6,18,12>I went last week to see Jennifer Miller for a 90 Minutes Hot Stone massage and it was OUTSTANDING - and I'm not talking about out standing in a field. No - this was excellent, I felt refreshed and rejuvanated for the day and days beyond. My first time getting the hot stone side of it and I dug it - even though I tend to be a hot temp kind of guy - it wasn't annoying and I wasn't sweating - yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee hawwwwwwwwwwwwwwMore than that her technique was excellent, I felt as she touched my muscles with the right amount of intensity - I was writhing in pain or on the other hand waiting for her to give it enough oomph. i had received a massage from a woman 2 weeks before that that had 20 years experience and it was ho-hum at best. HIGHLY Recommend Jennifer Miller - really excellent work. I've many many massages.
<review# 889,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2012,11/9/2012,431,328,1,8,4>Mondavi! Wait...who's Michael? Where's Robert?! Robert, our friendly host explained, is Michael's father and the Robert Mondavi winery up valley has not been owned by the Mondavi family since 2004 (The Robert Mondavi Winery went public in 1994, and Michael served as President, CEO and Chairman until he left in 2004 to start his own winery). I felt like we had stumbled upon a hidden gem. Going through our tasting flight it became clear we had indeed found a new favorite. Everything was fantastic, we decided to mozy into their private tasting room where they had pots of different material scents to accentuate the tasting. I wish they would make this part of the regular tasting experience! It was literally sense-sational! Just out beyond the private tasting room is this cute little back porch with a gorgeous view. Crazy beautiful: yelp.com/biz_photos/michThey should hire me as a marketing consultant and I would tell them they would be the best thing in the valley if they promoted this back porch and the scent pots (there's got to be a more eloquent name for this but I have no idea what that would be) with their tastings. Maybe it's a private thing you have to pay for but....jus sayin'. We ended up taking home one of the highlights from the tasting, the Spellbound Chardonay.
<review# 890,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2012,11/8/2012,170,264,6,6,6>Real BBQ in Marin?! AND happy as apposed to factory meat?!! I'm THRILLED.I'll try any BBQ joint, but growing up with a dad who has 4 barbecues and knows how to do it well, I'm a bit of a snob.  Yay for the Best Lil' Porkhouse!I wanted the brisket as well as the ribs, but next time. The ribs are fabulous. There was a ton of meat on those suckers & there were definitely some serious sucking sounds as my dinner date & I made each bone dry. The sauce was tangy without being overpowering. Beer battered onion rings have become disappointing around these here parts. Well, no longer. Thank you, Porkhouse! Just the right amount of batter & saltiness. Oh yeah.The cutie at the register recommended the side of baked beans because, "they're really good." She doesn't lie. Plenty of pork in those beans & the surprise of pickles. Mmm...mmm... better than good. Love that combo of salty & sweet & Porkhouse nailed it.Okra is such an underrated little treat of mine & they've got it & of course, it's fried. I'm not one of those people that believes that fried anything & everything is great, but their okra really is great. I should've gotten a side of sauce, but next time. Next time is tomorrow. Twice a week frequenting is called for here & I really do believe that this will be their original location. They deserve another location sooner than later. Three+ tables is not enough & Porkhouse is going to have to supply the demand.Pay attention to that tip jar as they earn it. "Tipping isn't just for cows."
<review# 891,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2014,6/27/2014,81,202,5,9,7>Siri...Where is this place?(Siri)..."Sorry, I don't know what you are talking about"...(essentially).Okay, no prob.  I have been more determined to find things the old-fashioned way rather than rely on modern-day technology.  It helped me find Hopmonk Sebastopol, actually.  Here's what you do...roll down the window of your car and ask someone.  It's amazing how much better that works - just talking to someone!Napa Point Brewing started out in late 2013, and I had been wanting to try it out ever since my co-worker Denise left my brewery to go and start a new adventure at this location.  Cue a random, warm Sunday where I had also wanted to try out the new Century Theater XD Napa (awesome) & then headed here after.  It is located in the part of Napa that is close to American Canyon almost - yeah, over there.  It's in a commercial/industrial area that has lots of land for sale and *could* have tons of potential in the future?  I am not good at envisioning those sorts of things.  Something tells me they know what they are doing.  No surprise, the food and beer were great.  I would expect nothing less from Denise!  I'm just bummed she wasn't there - but it was a Sunday afternoon.  They have a nice outdoor area where 90% of the customers were sitting.  At the time I went (2 months ago?) there was very little shade.  Not a problem then, but it may be time to run to Costco and grab 4 or 5 umbrellas before the Summer Sizzle starts.Perhaps the only odd thing was the girls walking around with Beer Pong shirts.  Can the owner listen to this with a grain of salt, I hope?  You see - Napa Point advertises themselves as Ultra Premium Craft beer.  Got it.  But then BEER PONG?  At a place that closes pretty early.  Correct me if I am wrong, guys, but Beer Pong was played in college with Bud Light and it was often close to or after midnight.  Drop that idea because I can't imagine it is working well for you.Otherwise, good to go!  Great beers and menu.  I will definitely return in the near future.  Cheers!
<review# 892,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2014,6/26/2014,29,90,3,6,6>What a surprise! I loved this place. I felt like I was in Middle Earth or moving between the tallest trees I've ever seen in Avatar! The fee to enter the park was minimal and they had some "talks" at various locations around the park area that you can attend and learn all about the ancient Redwood trees on this property. We went on a beautiful bay area day - so the weather inside the park (protected from the wind and cool ocean breezes) was spectacular. The walking paths are well maintained and aside from some bumps (roots growing beneath) it was fairly "safe" for someone with walking issues. The paths follow a nice stream/creek into the valley and there are bridges to cross and continue on either side. Lots of benches to sit along the walk. We stayed on the paved paths - however there are plenty of other "hiking" trails you can do ... and one will actually take you up and over to the Pacific Ocean.This is not the place for LOUD people. It was quiet - per the sign that asked you to refrain from hollering ... to protect the wildlife. I enjoyed this very much!There was a very nice gift shop and cafe. Gift shop prices were reasonable and we picked up a cute bib for Kalani. Cafe prices ... way overpriced for basic items and I have to say that the staff in the cafe were a bit snobby. So sorry you didn't appreciate me spending $8.00 for a grilled cheese sandwich which you claimed was Tyler's (Food Network) best he'd ever eaten. I completely disagree - it was nothing special.Overall, it was a wonderful experience that I had with my mom, daughter and grandson. Four generations were represented that day!
<review# 893,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2014,6/25/2014,11,47,6,8,6>OMG THE DESSERT!  NO, NO, OMG THE EVERYTHING!  Seriously I can't recommend anything because while I was there I was too busy shoveling everything into my mouth to pick favorites.  Although I will say the one bad thing about eating here is that you will hear your Mom's voice in your head screeching "ELBOWS OFF THE TABLE!" because, like me, you will be elbows deep into pulled pork and, also like me, you will not care.  Please go here, it makes me sad to think that there are still people in the world who have not enjoyed the awesomeness that is this BBQ.
<review# 894,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2014,6/24/2014,259,650,15,16,16>Normally, places that serve food like this are fun to enter, all bustling with anticipatory excitement of what goodie one might soon get to sink their teeth into.  They usually have that cute look that screams "females like this food" and are often portrayed in film as places that Meryl Streep owns while she dallies romantically with Steve Martin and Alec Baldwin.  Pardon Foodniks, as they seem not to have realized that this is the sort of place they are.  It is not that their food doesn't meet the mark (it does) but that their decor, layout, lighting, and whole demeanor seem designed to say take us or leave us but do not seek us out as we are not worthy.  Foodniks has low self-esteem.  The salad case, filled with many which look delicious has small signs announcing the offerings.  I was looking for some sort of "3 on a plate" deal but saw no sign announcing such thing.  Only some small to-go containers gave me an idea of how the salads might be served so I ordered a small container of the Orzo Salad and found it quite good.  As an accompaniment, I ordered off the specialty sandwich board, a BLT ($7.95) made with Applewood Smoked Bacon and served on warm, grilled sourdough.  Even better than the orzo salad, this was a BLT close to perfection.  The well-cooked, chewy bacon was ample and satisfying.  The mayo (homemade?) added a rich luscious flavor.  The bread was lightly grilled/toasted and right-sized.  This was not a huge sandwich but it was completely ample, thoroughly satisfying, and seemed made with high-quality ingredients.  Others have remarked on the prices which can add up quickly at Foodniks.  My sandwich plus the small Orzo Salad came in just under $12 total which is not extreme for lunch but is high when you're getting zero atmospheric accompaniment.  If the workers somehow made up for that with enthusiasm and smiles and welcomes it might help soften the blow, but they don't.  They seem afflicted by the same desire as the rest of the place, to fly low beneath the radar and draw no attention.  Foodniks is currently trading in good food, presented and served with no fanfair.  I have the urge to tell someone to dress the place up and turn it into a place worthy of the food they're serving (they're already priced as such) but I have no influence.  When you're having one of those "I want to be alone", sweat-pants wearing days, this might be a good place to nosh at.
<review# 895,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2014,6/23/2014,6,3,8,11,9>I love this place! I have been four times and every time my haircut is better than the $40 to $90 dollar haircuts I have had in the past ANYWHERE. Heidi cut my hair yesterday and was super friendly and sweet. I walked in and didn't even wait for a minute before she began! I love being able to just walk in the door with no appointment, especially since both of my kids are under 3 years. I found a $5 dollar off coupon when I went to look for the address on yelp to make it an even greater experience! $22 dollars before the tip and still under $30 for my long hair shampooed, cut, and blown dry! They play great music, have a hip atmosphere, and is really just awesome all around.
<review# 896,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2014,6/22/2014,2595,287,19,22,19>I will be the first to admit,  I am totes guilty of food jealousy. Y'all Yelp friends in sf and southbay check into renowned boba joints, something inside me starts pouting. Its the body's boba center, not found in all models, but to ignore it, is to risk complete system failure. Imagine my overwhelmed shocked delight, when I stumbled upon a friend drinking a milk tea boba in Rohnert Park! I just about bodily accosted her to find out this mystical unicorn of a drink's origin. When she revealed my city's best kept secret, I panicked and had to verify for myself.  Sure enough there it was.Tucked in the veritable culinary abyss of the Padre Town Center,  Tea Rex is neighbor to the only other marketable business, 9 Islands Portuguese bakery. Lucky for TR, the only other place doing boba is Surf City in the mall, and it's a mess. Doubly lucky for TR is that they pretty much have the market cornered in exotic (ish) in RP, as besides Hana, there's not really any substantial culinary competition. I tried the honey boba black milk tea, and it was strong, authentic,  and flavorful. Bobas were chewy, not soggy or overcooked. My mom tried the Jasmine blended with lychee jelly, and it was fantastic also. I'm looking forward to trying the Thai tea next, in addition to the Thai tea waffles and taro coconut waffles. (Wut? Yiss!)Prices are substantially more than places in the city, but I really don't care, it was just that good. Wishing TR all the best in business success so they can continue to be my boba hookup. Tell everyone!  Chew on these balls! Er...tapioca balls!
<review# 897,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2014,6/20/2014,94,166,3,11,4>I have been waiting for Yelp to allow me to write an update (I guess it can't be too close in time to the original review) so I could let you know how our first order of Thistle Meats turned out.Simply put (which is rare of me) ...it turned out GREAT!Here is what we had:Coppa - I want to have this on hand at all times.  It has such a deep rich flavor.Ground Beef - It made for a couple of incredible burgers.  It is fattier than most ground beefs we get, but that is fine with me.  Although the wife claims she doesn't like fat, after tasting the burger, she had nothing but compliments.  I'm guessing that if you wanted it more lean, they would grind something special for you, but I think it is perfect just the way it is.Leek & Gruyere Snausages - we have eaten a lot of snausages in our days and we both agree that these are likely the best we have ever had.Mild Italian Ground Sausage Meat - ...just when I thought the Leek & Gruyere was the best I had ever had, this Mild Italian comes along.  I'm torn between the two because they are both so damn good.  Unlike a lot of shops, where all their snausage flavors taste similiar, these two are destinct from each other, and both kick-arse in their own right.I can't wait to try more of Thistle's offerings!
<review# 898,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2013,6/19/2014,0,2,,2,2>Sea Trek is one of the best camp decisions I have ever made for my two sons (ages 10 and 12).  The 12 year old is just back from a week on Tomales Bay, and loved it.  The kayak skills, the counselors, the outdoor education, the whole experience.  My younger son is now at the day camp and having the time of his life.  The staff is excellent, safe, enthusiastic, well trained.  And the kids are having fun, getting fit, and getting outdoors on the Bay.
<review# 899,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2014,6/18/2014,21,167,,8,7>We revisited M.Y. China last night for a second taste of the Peking Duck. The evening began with sitting at the bar and having happy hour wine and two appetizers. There was a shift change in the bartenders and we were lucky enough to meet two. Both were terrific! We had two appetizers, the Mu Shu Tacos and the Bejing dumplings, both of which were delicious. Now on to the dinner. The Peking Duck was perfectly cooked and artistically presented. We both agreed that it was excellent. We also ordered the same Spicy Seafood Dumplings that we had enjoyed in our last visit and added in the Whole Wheat Potstickers. Both were worth enjoying again. Delicious!We will return again, but probably for the happy hour offerings and a chance to chat with the fun people serving at the bar.
<review# 900,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2014,6/17/2014,95,108,7,11,8>This is a little hidden gem of a coffee shop located on Skylane Blvd in Santa Rosa. Don't blink, or you might miss it! It is in a somewhat industrial area and you have to keep a good eye out for their sign on their window. They have absolutely delicious coffee that the coffee aficionados in my office rave about, as well as fresh and tasty sandwiches and salads. The assortment of baked goods is also fabulous and always tempting. I have had lattes here including a lavender white chocolate latte (try it, it is amazing and surprisingly delicious) as well as just my regular plain non-fat. I appreciated that they have various sugar choices including coconut sugar and organic raw sugar. They also offer all organic dairy products if you are just getting plain coffee (which I hear is also tasty).I have been here twice for lunch and both times couldn't resist the smoked turkey sandwich with bacon and havarti on dutch crunch. So delicious! The aioli that they have (it is like a pesto mayo) is the perfect addition to creamy cheese and salty bacon. The service is always ultra quick and friendly. Wonderful!
<review# 901,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2007,6/25/2008,1,8,2,10,5>THE PERFECT PLACE.My new "domestic partner" (yep, Arnold Schwarzenegger legally views us as a couple) needed to entertain his parents for four days and I needed to find a hotel. After searching Yelp for something in the city, it was hard to find a place that was comfortable, different than a chain hotel, and reasonably-priced.So, I started thinking outside the box and thought Sausalito might be fun because the in-laws are in their 60s and it's a slower pace than the city. I came across the Inn Above Tide and that's when the entire pleasurable experience started.- The Website is very informative and has accurate photos.- The woman who took the reservation over the phone was informative and pleasant.- As soon as we drove up, someone was out to help with our bags and to park our car.- Check in was simple and accurate- Rooms were VERY clean- and then there's the view! Angel Island, Bay Bridge, Alcatraz, the city Skyline, and the Sausalito hillside homes are all beautiful to look at and was very impressive to our out-of-town guests- the wine and cheese reception from 5 - 7 actually served excellent wine and cheese- the small little cocktail party we hosted on our balcony didn't seem to be a problem for the hotel- the sea lions swimming below the balcony were amazing to watch- the sunset was beautiful- I could go on and onThis place exceeded my expectations and reminded me of what great quality service is supposed to be like. So although I didn't get the reasonably-priced hotel room that I was originally looking for, this place was worth every single penny.
<review# 902,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2007,6/24/2008,345,558,1,11,5>I'm in LOVE.A friend tipped me off to this site (zennioptical.com) and since my prescription is out of control (NishIsHot confirmed this), glasses are hella expensive.  My LENSES cost more than my full vision benefit.So I took a chance and ordered a pair of $8 frames with antireflective coating.  The total price for the frames, the coating, my extrastrength prescription and shipping - $27.  Oh yeah.  The lenses are thin.  My prescription is perfect and they arrived about 10 days after I ordered them.  The customer service is really good, too - 2 of my measurements were out of the ordinary...they emailed me to verify and didn't start producing my glasses till they had a scanned copy of my prescription - they corrected the issue and everything.  Seriously - I'm in LOVE.  Back when I was a kid, I was able to have "good" and "everyday" glasses - but as glasses and my prescription has gotten more expensive, I've had to cut back and didn't get new glasses for almost 6 years.  Now - you better believer that I'm going to have glasses in every possible color (first pair are black...I think I need a brown and a "fun" colored pair).  Woohoo
<review# 903,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2008,6/23/2008,286,390,6,11,12>I had some business to do today at the Corte Madera Town Center so there I was, 1:20pm, walking in the Town Center to Tully's to meet with a client when *boom*, I saw it. Teacake Bake Shop. My mind raced while I thought of where I knew that name. Could this be the same Teacake Bake Shop that I keep on reading about on Yelp that's in Emeryville? Could they be cousins? I walked in and enquired. Yes, in fact, they are cousins or sisters to the one in Emeryville. Score! It was apparent to me right away that they would do very well at this location as Marinites love quality, expensive items. The cupcake itself, the one cupcakes, was delicious. Dense with thick frosting. Fabulous. The shop is cute and girly too. Cupcakes are taking over the world. Watch out.
<review# 904,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/14/2008,6/22/2008,473,189,10,15,17>Had dinner here on a quiet Tuesday night and was promptly seated at a table for two with views of SF, Angel Island and Tiburon. Gaylord is one of the cleanest and most spacious Indian restaurant I've dined at in recent memory. They have a bar area and a separate banquet room for private parties, both noticeably empty on this weeknight. The waiters were courteous and efficient. As the sky turned from twilight to night, our dinner came out which included:House Green SaladTandoori ChickenRogan Josh (curry lamb)Chicken Tikka MasalaSag PaneerOnion LulchaBasmati RiceSaffron ice creamI thought the food was fine, and they provide additional sauces to spice things up. As a comparison though, Shalimar or India Garden in SF stands out more. If you're still reading my boring review ( Hi Mom! ) here's the kicker:  while Gaylord could be pricey, the above is a prix fixe dinner meant for one person that is actually enough to feed two. Just ask the waiter for an extra plate. Thus, decent dinner for two in a nice restaurant in Sausalito overlooking the bay for $30.... you don't have to twist my arm for that.
<review# 905,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2008,6/21/2008,476,561,,3,3>Nice pit stop after a wind swept hike on Mt. Tam.  Had a craving for Joe's famous fish tacos, which they have an option of 2 to choose from ~ marinated grilled, and fried.Walking in, I was delighted by the festive ambiance and the line up of hot sauce along the wall.  Was great to pull a few off the shelf to try with my tacos and chips-salsa-guac.  Service friendly and with a smile.
<review# 906,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2007,6/20/2008,415,316,,9,6>I have two boys.... Max and Roo..... since my kids are grown they are my babies... they are 13 years old.... and in all the 13 years the only time they have been away from me is when I have gone on a trip and they stayed with my parents... Sooooo they have always been with family....Last weekend I went away with my mother so for the first time ever I had to find a doggie day care....  ugh....  Well my Vet recommend Wagtime to me and I can't even begin to tell you how pleased I was with the service and care.  My dogs didn't even want to come home... Ken (the owner) prepares really nice dinners for the dogs... He walks the dogs.. they have full run of his home and backyard.  I honestly wasn't worried about how much I had to pay.... but let me tell you his rates are F A N T A S T I C!!!!  For each night the total cost for 2 dogs was $50 per night.... if all I needed was day care it would be $35 for the day... and his day hours are from 6:00 am to 12 midnight.   I highly recommend Wagtime and Ken for the care of your precious pets.....
<review# 907,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2008,6/19/2008,334,681,4,8,7>It was 5:30 in the afternoon. I still hadn't had lunch!  I had to make a delivery to Corte Madera Town Center for work. I parked my car and carried the heavy box to the rehearsal location. I quickly started realizing that either my blood pressure was way too low or too high or maybe I was experiencing low blood sugar. That small bowl of plain oatmeal I had at 7 am had long ago disappeared.  I felt weak and lightheaded. As soon as I had made the delivery I realized I had to get something to EAT! The first place I passed was a coffee shop . . .nope . . .don't need caffeine  . . . then I saw A.G. Ferrari Foods. Ok, I've bought goodies in here to take home, but I've never eaten here. (They have tables inside and out. They must fix food to eat on the premises.) So I ordered  . . .                a slice of Frittata di Broccoli (warmed up please!)                a Torta di Ricotta . . . . and pulled                a Red Hill Pomegranate Fizzy Lizzy . . . . out of the cooler. It was still nice outside, so I took my little "picnic for one" outside and sat near the elephant fountain and watched the little kids playing. Just 15 minutes and the Frittata had done its magic. I was refreshed and feeling whole again. Frittata was wonderful. I saved the Torta and ate it with tea while I watched "Shirley Valentine" later that evening.  What a treat!Thank you A.G. Ferrari's for being where you are and for saving me from a surely embarrasing moment of fainting from hunger!  And it was only $12.00!
<review# 908,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2008,6/18/2008,1794,1368,6,8,6>Safeway whore hereI can't establish the fact that I am a whore to certain areas when it comes to retail.  I've already confessed to the fact that Target owns me.  In addition, I am severely addicted to certain spots of caffeinated indulgences.  In terms of shoes, I've had much luck servicing the cash registers at several Macy's by purchasing shoes and then more shoes.*sigh*This is hard work indeed.I've grown up with Safeway since I was a little child.  If it were not for the Nugget here and there or the Raley's attempting to betray my inclinations, I've enjoyed being a client to Safeway and bending to their every will.We stopped by this Safeway because of the need for protein.  Yes, unabashedly, my dear readers, I've been prone to serious jolts of protein encouragement and today was one of the days where chicken wings would suffice in calming my irate tummy and ultimately, my demanding mind.The chicken wings here are fantastic.  Especially when they are first made.  At 59 cents each, I easily devoured close to ten of these little wonders.  I was not much of a fan of their spicy nuggets, but W and our hosts loved them and easily consumed them with the ease of popping jelly bellies.  In addition, I purchased the netted bag of clementine tangerines (or affectionately named "lil' cuties")This Safeway is large, clean and reeks of healthy Mill Valley hospitality and yuppie cuteness and when the need hits for something quick or robust, this would be the market where everyone would run into one another, without the strollers.
<review# 909,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2008,6/17/2008,230,224,8,15,13>Ah-maz-ing dining experience. Every single plate that landed on our table was memorable, right down to the brussel sprouts. We even ordered two of the avocado bruschetta, it was so fantastic. At the end of the meal, we and our dining companions we're attempting to rate which were our favorites and even that was impossible. Everything belonged in the top spot. Well worth the jaunt across the bridge.Don't miss:* marin roots arugula, beets, blood orange, meyer lemon vinaigrette* avocado bruschetta balsamic, sea salt (with chorizo leon)* pan roasted brussel sprouts, crispy hobbs bacon, dill, parsley* broccoli de ciccio preserved lemon, chile, toasted garlic* hand cut pappardelle, classic bolognese sauce, grana padano* mini dungeness crab sandwich, meyer lemon aioli* grass fed mini burgers, caramelized onions, mushrooms, pt. reyes blue cheese sauceShared a couple of desserts as well including a vanilla pot de creme which was lovely and an adorable quartet of warm, molten chocolate cookies that came with shot-glass sized chocolate milkshakes with baby straws in them. Tasty and unique.Excellent in every way. And there was so much more on the menu we wanted to try. Will definitely be back!
<review# 910,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2008,6/16/2008,51,109,7,4,7>EVERY STAR IS WELL EARNED! I have ate at Jason's three times now, and each time thought I couldn't possibly have a better meal. I was wrong. It gets better every time! This is my absolute favorite restaurant in the Bay Area, hands down. If I could afford it, I would eat there every night. The Ahi was to die for. The Chilean Sea Bass, was extraordinary (and I don't even like fish usually.)The service is excellent, and very knowledgable. Sure the location is so so, but they have taken great lengths to make it cozy. Word is they are moving, and from the spot I have heard it to be moving to.... WHOA.. This will be one of the finest, tastiest restaurants in California.I read the reviews on Yelp before going there. I had high expectations... Jason's exceeded my expectations in everyway.(only gripe... The stuck up young hostess with the chip on her shoulder. Try to smile...and mean it...)A+++
<review# 911,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2011,9/29/2011,34,74,2,3,2>Simply put, Andresen's is the best bar in Petaluma. Never will you have to concern yourself with "am I dressed ok for this place" or "will the regulars give me a hard time." Helga is by far the most generous bartender in town, making cocktails the way you would make them at home. It's not dark and creepy like the outside might suggest, and it is kept immaculately clean. I've personally seen people go from "I'm never coming here again" after only being there a few minutes to "This is my favorite bar in town."
<review# 912,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2011,9/28/2011,14,13,2,2,2>I just discovered this little hidden treasure of a bar! I started out on $.50 Wing Wednesday now I go at least 2 times a week. The wings are to die for, I was licking my lips for a week. I took my Boyfriend for his first time and he made me take him back the next night for the wings.  This Place is Awesome! Food DEE-LISH! service is Great and the atmosphere is cozy. Gotta Try it! See ya on Wednesday!
<review# 913,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2011,9/27/2011,40,98,1,3,3>First, I must note that the service here is very friendly and fast.  It is sure nice to have a welcoming experience at an otherwise not-so-fancy place.  The food is definitely above average and is the warming and comforting fare you want from a teriyaki place.  The cajun chicken was flavorful and slightly spicy.  The lo mein was deeply flavored and delicious.  And, the prices are really quite excellent.  I haven't been able to sample the numerous choices here but there really appears to be something for everyone.  I'll be back to try again!Meanwhile, I'm knocking a star off for the Styrofoam.  Nowadays, we should really be getting rid of Styrofoam especially for eat-in meals.  Even the water cup was Styrofoam.  I personally find it off-putting to eat from (squeeeek!) and the environmental issue makes it that much worse.  I understand that it saves on dishwashing etc but would prefer to see something more sustainable (and less grating on the ears while you eat!!)
<review# 914,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2011,9/26/2011,273,551,2,5,5>The best place is Bodega Bay to get chowder and crab. Chowder comes in a couple of different styles. The crab sandwiches are really good...just crab. The place is tiny and they aren't trying to expand. A few tables outside and someone playing music on the weekends. The service is really lousy, but I don't need much but my chowder.
<review# 915,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2011,9/25/2011,4,6,4,5,4>WOOHOO!!!! Yes! This place is wonderful! I have had facials and massages from a number of different therapists here and they have ALL been awesome! I think that is so cool too because sometimes you don't wanna wait. Well don't worry! Dial up and go on in! You will not be disappointed! Whoever is available will treat you like you are the only person in the world and give you a treat you won't forget.Another tip I might like to add is make sure you have some extra time to browse around. Soft Shell is also a cute, funky, ecclectic boutique that has something for everybody. I love not only their bath products, but also the jewelry, hats, scarves, candles, etc. There is something for everyone. I am so glad to have found it.
<review# 916,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2011,9/24/2011,307,201,5,4,4>Duuuuuude... AMAZING Indian food for a lunch buffet!!! And can't beat the price... They have many guests, so the buffet keeps getting re-stocked, keeping it pretty fresh.  They also give you a basket of naan, which was fresh and very, very good.  My husband was very satisfied as well, and we are now trying to get some of his coworkers together for a lunch outing here.  From Smith Ranch/Lucas Valley Rd area, it is actually closer to drive up to this location in Novato than it's sister/original restaurant in downtown San Rafael.  We haven't tried their non-buffet fare yet... but that might happen sooner than we think as I have been getting tons of Indian food lately for health benefit reasons (Turmeric has anti inflammatory properties and Indian food uses a LOT of that spice).
<review# 917,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2011,9/23/2011,248,493,7,9,12>If an aroma can slap you silly, that's what happens the moment you open the door at Avatar's. The tiniest kitchen making the most intoxicating scents that further infuse your food with flavor so great, so delectable and so completely enveloping you in spice and savor that you are almost drunk on fumes. I wanted to walk back out and then in again just to experience it all again. If something smells this great, you know that you are surely in for nothing less than fantastic at the table. You are served complimentary crispy flat bread that I swear tastes like spicy chicken soup in a cracker form, then a type of chewy flat bread that comes with three types of dipping sauces. All are great. One cannot go to Avatars and not get the Punjabi Enchiladas. Pick an enchilada, any enchilada. Crab and Pumpkin, two of my favorites on one plate, rolled up in a delicious tortilla, smothered in lovely red sauce and cream? Sign me the hell up. The tastes are subtle, but they are so wonderful and so expertly prepared. It's impossible not to make this place a habit. As if all of that weren't enough, the service here is second to none. You are taken care of promptly, warmly and as if you are a guest in someones home that just happens to have extremely talented chefs that are there to attend your every Eastern Culinary wish. AND little sprinkles candy that tastes like licorice. Top THAT.
<review# 918,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2010,9/22/2011,340,166,10,15,17>It's the most fun you'll ever have while laying on your back with your feet in the air.  Well, It's the most fun you'll ever have while laying on your back with your feet in the air while Dr. Chang is scraping tartar off your lateral incisor.  I appreciate his courteousness and down-to-earth demeanor.  The patient's comfort is his primary concern.  He works efficiently, quickly, and thoroughly with paramount precision.  And he doesn't ask for much in return - just floss a little more often.
<review# 919,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2011,9/20/2011,58,161,4,4,4>Love it!  Sonoma was definitely in need of a place like this.  Trendy and upscale without being stuffy and wildly expensive.  This is a perfect place to get dressed up and go out for dinner and drinks with friends.  The beer selection is nuts.  If I drank beer I'm sure I'd be head over heels, but I don't so I come here for food, ambiance, and a cocktail or two.  Love the kind of industrial vibe indoors and the great outdoor patio complete with fire pit.  The food is fine, I mean it works.  What's really great are the desserts.  These things are behemoths.  Delicious, decadent, delightful behemoths. When I came here with a girlfriend we ordered the chocolate cake to split and ended up with the cheesecake trio as some sort of magical bonus.  The chocolate cake was rich and dense and moist.  Pretty much perfect.  The cheesecake was creamy and not too sweet - the best one was covered in a hard shell of chocolate.  Holy cow!  And the bartenders are great here.  I can be pretty indecisive when faced with selecting a drink of choice for the evening and last night the bar tender whipped up a special concoction that was a pear mojito manhattan hybrid of sorts.  Perfect!
<review# 920,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2011,9/19/2011,26,112,2,4,4>Casa Manana is a great place to get food that tastes like your mom made it. It's pure comfort food!A mix of Mexican and other Central American cuisine-- its tasty, fulfilling-- but not cumbersome. The portions are just right.This place is HIDDEN. If you want to surprise your hipster friends or eclectic parents-- they will love the location and the atmosphere.Just a note-- the I always order the Sangria. Its not super strong, but it does the job. I've seen people throw beers back here like they're at a pub-- so it feels like you could chill out here all night if you wanted to. The outdoor area is also sweet-- great for groups.
<review# 921,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2009,6/29/2009,67,339,1,5,5>Oh Andy's I do love thee so. Your produce selection is usually wonderful, and dynamic. It's local, and flavorful, and seasonal, and really quite tasty for the most part. Andy's is a blend of almost farmer's market feel, with regular market. There is so much produce and fresh goodness, cheap prices, and deals all the time when there is an abundance of product. They make their own berry preserves, which are my favorites (especially the three berry), and have an assortment of dried fruit and snack items which are flavorful and good for you. The variety of prepackaged items varies depending on what one's looking for, but they are fairly rounded in terms of having a little bit of everything, and a whole lot of produce.
<review# 922,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2009,6/28/2009,3,200,1,12,9>One of our cats was attacked by a coyote. I interrupted the event as the coyote was running off carrying the cat with the cat's head in his mouth. Our local vet wrote him off but on the advice of someone else my wife rushed the cat to Petcare. The care they provided was amazing. Who ever knew that neurosurgical intensive care for a cat was available? My wife was called with a status report everyday. She was consulted on measures taken and their expense. As a consequence, our cat is still with us. The facility is clean, modern and the cost was reasonable for the service provided.
<review# 923,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2009,6/27/2009,83,446,1,5,6>Four of us had lunch there today. It is quite a wonderful spot to spend the afternoon as a tourist in your own turf (or from any other turf). We ordered oysters (those of the table who were oyster fans ate and loved them), followed by fried calamari and shrimp. The batter is very light, which as it turnes out, is made of rice flour. Nice and crispy and very satisfying. Then two of us had the Louis salad (one shrimp and one crab). They were excellent. The fish was presented in a thick cup of butter lettuce. The quality of the fish, and the dressing, was superb. The fish and chips were excellent, as were the fries and cole slaw. Our table viewed Tomales Bay from two directions. It was a leisurely treat of a lunch, topped off by two class act desserts: a cherry tart, and a warm chocolate espresso cake with Strauss coffee ice cream and hot chocolate sauce. We'll be back!
<review# 924,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2008,6/26/2009,69,260,2,3,3>i was pleasantly surprised on sunday morning when we dropped in for breakfast. although black bear has been here for years, i never had a reason (or was on that side of town) to stop by for breakfast.so glad i did! the newspaper menus really add the atmosphere. i browsed around the menu for quite some time, and finally decided on the 'south of the border omlette'. great decision. four-egg omlette heaping with avocado, chorizo, jack cheese, chiles & sour cream. and the potatoes! mmmm mm. and all (ok, most) plates are $9.99 and under! i took half home, as the plate was already huge enough. and, ate the other half later that day.the restaurant is a lot cleaner and has better food than i had imagined. there is a gift shop-like area with cookie jars, mugs, and all kinds of black bear crap. cute!i will be back, and soon...
<review# 925,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/4/2009,6/25/2009,42,261,7,10,6>I was super excited when someone decided build a 4th giant grocery store in Novato, because safeway, safeway, albertsons and apple market were not enough. But a side effect of it all, Toast! So I journeyed over to try this place and after two encounters, I have to say three stars for toast. First time, we tried dinner and had pasta and fried chicken. The chicken was done well, i'm sure it's a simple buttermilk soak and deep fry. The other dish was a pasta dish with basically tomatoes and gnocchi. It was underwhelming but pretty good. We waited a couple weeks and went back for breakfast...we had hash and french toast. And here's what killed it for me. The toast that came with my meal...was burnt to charcoal. And the french toast my GF had was wet on the inside, which is ok since it was custard french toast, but..this place is called toast.  It's like going to a place called Egg Salad Sandwich, and skipped the egg salad sandwich. I think this place suffers from trying to do too much at once. So far it's been a miss.
<review# 926,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2009,6/24/2009,121,139,9,12,10>This has been a favorite place for my son for many years now, in fact, I think this year might be the one where he outgrows it  : (This place is great because children can touch EVERYTHING in all of the exhibits and play structures.  The are different themes to each area/room.  You have the railroad/fishing boat room, the ocean waves/animals of the ocean room, the area for the wee little ones with the small garden with tunnels and a river, along with the two rooms for them to crawl in.  Then there's the outside structure with it's replica of the Golden Gate, the spider webs, and an actual boat.  You can spend almost an entire day here, and the best part is that when you get home your kids will go to sleep immediately out of pure exhaustion.
<review# 927,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2009,6/23/2009,61,320,5,7,5>Yum for breakfast!! The Coffee Klatch muffin is amazing - open faced English muffin, sunny side up eggs, cheese, avo and salsa.  Good crispy home fries and I'm usually never satisfied with 'em so that's saying a lot.  Their coffee on the other hand is yuck.You should know:Not very many tables, but has a counter so you can dine soloYou'll probably have to wait a little, but there's a bench right outside.Its hard to have a quiet conversation there.Everything is about $2 more than you want and expect to pay
<review# 928,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2009,6/21/2009,10,42,10,11,10>Paul was a gem to work with, keeping me assured, calm, and confident in my move from the get-go. It was a last-minute move, too, but he was accommodating, and assured me that "this was MY move," which was hugely appreciated. Ivan and Duke were my movers. Personable, professional, quick, and efficient. They were an absolute PLEASURE! Plus, they are honest and reasonable, almost to a fault. Almost 45 minutes was used trying to scheme was of getting one sofa in through a tiny door. Though it didn't fit, they tried every possible way, and then only charged my half for their efforts on that part. When does THAT ever happen? Definitely highly recommended. For the first time ever, my move was a BREEZE. Thank you, Birch Circle Movers!
<review# 929,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2008,6/20/2009,70,223,8,6,6>i like the market.1.  there is some phenomenal people watching here.2.  the are some really cool booths with some good info3. great local products and produce4.  a sense of community5.  good foodI don't like:the bars are packed, and all the outdoor seating is taken, which makes people watching difficult...some of the people are ridiculously wretched, that even looking at them and lauging doesn't make it ok.
<review# 930,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2008,6/19/2009,3,6,8,10,11>As someone who has gone to Steiners ever since the days of it truly being a dive bar (different building, different feel), I believe that I am qualified to give a truthful review of Steiners Tavern as it stands today. First of all, if you are new to town, this is the place to begin forming bonds. If there ever was a "Cheers" in Sonoma, this would be it. I've even run into the actor who played Cliff the mailman here, lol! But Steiners is the place where if you come in for any length of time, the bartenders know you and welcome you. Locals always have the right of way. But as a tourist, this is still a very happening spot. Every weekend the crowd changes. You can't base your opinions on a singular night as the weekends are a mixture of locals, ex-locals here for a visit, and tourists with tourists becoming the majority. It makes for an eclectic mix of people creating a completely different atmosphere each and every weekend. And weeknights are the best. Since Sonoma is a service industry town, this is where everyone goes to blow off steam. Everyone ends up at Steiners. Don't get me wrong, each and every place on the plaza is welcoming and a fun place to gather, but by the end of the night, you can bet you'll find whoever you're looking for at Steiners. Now, I read the review from Valerie, and as a local, I'm appalled by the way she was treated. But truth be told, more than likely the people she came into contact with were tourists, and unfortunately, they are all from different walks of life. But nowhere else that I have ever been are people from every walk of life so welcome. Where else will you see a man in a cowboy hat taken a shot with the Jack to my Karen? Or the boy with black nail polish playing pool with the ex-cheerleader? That's the kind of place this is. By the way, there are two pool tables in the back with very fair rules on getting into play. Also, they very often have live music and karaoke as well as a kick ass jukebox that is hooked up to the Internet so it plays the most random and amazing music. Also, where else will you find jello shots?? Not too mention, like many other establishments in the community, Steiners in particular is very big on giving back. They are always involved in charitable events. Don't take my word for it... check it out for yourself.
<review# 931,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2014,10/8/2014,62,208,4,6,5>I found out today was the opening day and the first 50 people in line got a 50 dollar gift certificate. Arrived about 10 am and still scored! I guess this is not as popular as the new iphone release.... would have had to got there last week. I tried the BBQ Steak sandwich that came on a wheat bun, caramelized onions, chipotle ranch sauce, coleslaw and a side of chili. My sister had the Crispy Chickin" plate with cauli mashed potatoes and enjoyed it. Chocolate pudding parfait was tasty too.The portions were good size and plated nicely. The employees answered all our questions. Can't wait to come back and try more healthy food.BTW, if you sign up on the website you get a birthday entree. Oh and they have an app for that!
<review# 932,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2014,10/7/2014,3,191,1,5,6>In one word: Phenomenal.The food, the service, everything! My husband and I have been on a hunt for reliable Indian fare since we moved to SF 6 years ago. Despite it being a wonderful food city, we really didn't have much luck in this regard. Who knew we'd find it in Marin!We tried: - Lamb & Spinach Dosa- Chicken Biryani - Pani PuriEverything was really, phenomenal. I don't use that word lightly. The food was absolutely delicious, fresh, and packed with flavor. The service was beyond my expectations, so efficient, informative, and friendly! Bottom line: I will absolutely return and highly recommend this establishment!
<review# 933,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2014,10/6/2014,53,150,3,5,5>I've been to Pizzalina several times, but I had not had the chance to review it until now.  It is, quite simply, some of the best thin crust pizza I have had in Marin county. The crust, when it comes right out of the oven, has the perfect mix of crusty chewiness, and combined with the right toppings, is heavenly.  I went back recently and had an unbelievable "yolanda" which had tomato, basil, arugula, parmesan, arugula and  proscuitto that was heavenly.  They have a great menu selection of salads, pizzas, and a few key Italian specialties that will satisfy most palates.  And the beer and wine selection is very good.   The service can be spotty at times, mainly because it is a popular place on weekend evenings with families. However, despite grumblings of other reviewers with the amount of kids there, I didn't think the kids were a problem. I think the waitstaff just gets busy like at other places. It's worth going on the early side as the service tends to be better than later.
<review# 934,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2014,10/5/2014,0,56,5,5,6>I've never stayed and eaten here, I've always gotten take out because I eat ribs like an animal. I'm not embarrassed but for the sake of the people around me I like to consume ribs where I have full access to napkins that aren't paper...or a sink...maybe even a hose....possibly a bib. I've never been disappointed in the quality of food here.You can smell the barbecue as soon as you get within a quarter of a mile in any direction and it smells amazing. I drove by this place for years and always said I would stop in one day but never did until this year. I'm glad I did because I'm a sucker for both barbecued pork and beef ribs. I've only ever gotten ribs from here and I would love to try some of their other items as well but every time I go in I can't help but get a rack of ribs. The baby back ribs are so succulent and moist, the spare ribs are tender and meaty, and the beef ribs are equally as tender and meaty. The baked beans and potato salad are the perfect side to ribs on a hot summer day. One time I went in and they forgot to put the baked beans in my bag. The next time I went back I let them know and they were apologetic and even tossed an extra baked beans in for me which was so cool and unexpected.
<review# 935,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2014,10/4/2014,230,178,1,4,4>Taps seems to have a lot of mixed reviews but I've been here twice and I loved it!The first time I came was on a Sunday night. They were really packed and everyone was having a blast with the giant Jenga game they have on the patio. We were seated right away and the food came fairly quick for as busy as they were. The service was alright. I had their garlic fries. I think it's a mix with something other than garlic and it wasn't my favorite but it wasn't bad! They also have a huge selection of beers!The second time I came was yesterday around 4pm. Not very busy and just a few people at the bar so we decided to sit outside. Our server was great! I wish I got his name. I'd give him 5 stars for his awesome service. He was super friendly and very knowledgable about the beers.With such a large drink menu they let you sample a shot of the beers before you order it. It definitely saves you from ordering something new and not liking it.It happened to be wing Wednesday yesterday so the salt & pepper wings were only 50cents each - 10 for $5 when it's normally like $7.95. They were delicious!I don't remember what the other wings I ordered was called but they were good, just not as good as the salt & pepper wings. They taste like home made wings - how my mom or grandma would make them so it was a little nostalgic. In all, this place has a fun atmosphere and it's inexpensive. I'm going to be coming back all the time.
<review# 936,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2014,10/3/2014,742,648,6,4,5>Another great Yountville restaurant visited, check! We've been meaning to eat here for ages but its really hard to score a prime time weekend reservation since the place is amazingly popular and for good reason, it's spot-on. From the professional knowledgeable staff to the generous kitchen this place just sparkles as far as I'm concerned. Chicken Liver Toast - Silky smooth with a hint of meaty sweetness. I'm always pretty amazed when a chef can turn something that I generally don't like into something I love. Liver in general isn't for me but when in the hands of someone talented, it's the best and I love it so.Crispy Chicken Wings - These were pretty tasty, however, they were just chicken wings and not any better than something you could get at a neighborhood pizza place. The gorganzola cream that came with them, pretty dang good and added a wonderful cooling contrast to the spicy wings.Chopped Salad - What's not to love about a chopped salad? This one was beautifully presented with a gorgeous assortment of colors, flavors and textures. The dressing was on the vinegary side which I love. We also ordered some house made grilled bread to accompany the salad unfortunately it was a rye bread loaded with caraway seeds, yuck. I'm sure most people like rye and caraway, just not for me. Prosciutto Crudo Pizza - RW knows how make one heck of a pizza crust. Seriously, it's chewy, moist, lightly charred, and has its own distinct flavor. This crust is definitely up there with some of the great crusts that I love, Bianco's, Mozza, well, you get the idea. I only wished that the toppings were as great as the crust. Don't get me wrong, the toppings worked well together I just wish there were more of them, especially that piggy salty prosciutto. Its not necessarily RW fault, its a preference. Some people love lots of toppings and others prefer a more conservative approach. The toppings did work well together, next time Ill see if I can order extra prosciutto. Sausage Pizza - Same as above, was left wishing for more meat. The meats they create are so delicious they leave you craving more. I loved their sausage! Cannoli - Okay, these are mini cannolis, like the size of one of my chubby fingers. But let me tell you, they were perfect. Whoever decided to dip them in ground toffee is a f-ing genius! The filling was so creamy and dense, the shells crisp, and that rich toffee, I was in fatboy heaven! With the above add a dynamic wine list, full bar and cool laid back atmosphere and you have a place that's going to be in high rotation on my dining list. So much love. xo
<review# 937,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2014,10/2/2014,26,80,3,4,4>Try as I might, but I cannot resist the urge to go to Della Fattoria and stuff my face with WAY too much food!  Whenever we are in Petaluma, this is our favorite place to go for breakfast.I always order the same: the breakfast pastry basket and the toast trio.  The breakfast pastry basket is great for people who want to try a bit of everything but can't be bothered to decide, as is the toast trio (one toast each with egg salad, beans, and smoked salmon).  Are we noticing a theme here?  Anyway, the pain au chocolat, with bittersweet dark chocolate, and the scone, served with homemade berry jam, were the most wonderful, delectable pastries I've ever had.  I lived in France for two years, across from a patisserie, so I ought to know.The staff is friendly and efficient, the cafe is bright and airy, and there is currently some fabulous photomontage-Italian proverb type artwork on display.  Highly recommended and deserving of the hype!
<review# 938,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2014,10/1/2014,51,222,4,5,3>We came here for a friends birthday about a year ago... and then again this past week. Let me start with the first visit, the party I was with ordered some really good appetizers to share with the entire table. While I cannot remember exactly what they were, I do recall all of them being very good! So, for my main dish I do recall I had ordered the Seafood pasta. I do not know if it was on the menu or not, but it was so remarkable that I remembered it over a year later. Now, another thing I vividly remember is how all the wait staff came over to our table to remarkably belt out the birthday song to my friend, and they brought him a nice big piece of cake with a candle! I think when you plan to celebrate a birthday at a nice restaurant such as Flavor, with your friends the least they could do it make it special. And that is EXACTLY what Flavor did, they made a very special, and very memorable moment for my friend.So, this past week on Wednesday we had stopped by another restaurant downtown, we were seated, only to be told the kitchen was closed. It was 9 o'clock. So we started strolling around downtown, and we walked by Flavor and decided to eat here again since we had a gift card.They have great selections for both beer, and wine. We had the Moonlight death n' taxes which is very good. And I had a glass of buttery chardonnay from Sonoma Cutrer, which paired perfectly with my seafood pasta.My girlfriend had gotten a pork roast special which was amazing! I will without a doubt be back!!
<review# 939,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2014,9/30/2014,131,92,4,5,6>All types of sauces to go on your burger or fries, from siricha and wasabi horseradish to sweet and spicy mustard--and everything in between.Special burger every week comes with fries and a drink (including beer-which they have many though I love their ipa on tap). Grace is our favorite server. She is always happy and helpful.Wonderful and creative burgers of the week and they include fries a a beer. This week's burger is a triple b-- beef, BBQ sauce, baked beans plus cheddar cheese and ruffles BBQ chips-- genius!!Love love love the burgers and the weekly burger! (as of late July 2014, they took off the beer on the daily special AND they raised the prices for the beers too. I'd be ok with the prices going up, businesses have to survive but they should leave the draft beer on the weekly special, IMO.)
<review# 940,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2014,9/29/2014,532,262,5,6,5>So worth the money! I mean, HELLO, $25 for an hour massage. Is fantabulous in my book. I had Andy and he was great. I'm pregnant so I wasn't able to lay on my tummy at the end but he sat me up and worked on my back that way. A tad awkward but it did the job. My fave parts were when being worked on my hands and feet making me feel very refreshed afterwards. I highly recommend this place and I will definitely be making this a routine stop. xxPro Tip: they take walk-ins which they can normally accommodate quickly, but if you're going on a holiday weekend better make an appointment!
<review# 941,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2008,3/30/2009,935,1053,13,26,25>Overpriced.Over-hyped. Overrated. I've heard the three O's mentioned in relation to Sushi Ran and I have to say, are you people nuts?!? Sushi is one food that you really shouldn't try to find at bargain prices and I have no problem paying $8.50 for two pieces of baby red snapper flown in from Tokyo's Tsukiji fish market. $12 for three lobster gyoza? Well worth the price tag. And if you want your basic (yet tasty) spicy tuna rolls you can have them for $8. Some of the specialty rolls were a bit pricey but they were quite inventive and uber tasty. Two of us left full (and pretty buzzed from the heavy sake pours) for $85, tip included.What pushed Sushi Ran from 4 to 5 stars was the service. Our waitress was sweet and our busboy was really on top of things. He asked us if he could clear our table and I mentioned that we were going to order a bit more. He said "No problem, I'll bring you fresh plates and send your server right over." Good stuff!I'm a city boy through and through but I'd gladly make the trek over to Sausalito anytime for the incredibly fresh fish and friendly service at Sushi Ran.
<review# 942,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2009,3/29/2009,399,1188,5,14,10>An Olde English Inn tucked away behind Muir Beach?  It's a sight so beautiful it's almost bittersweet.  I mean, in England they have places like this everywhere.  Why must California tease me with just one?  But don't get me wrong, I'll take it.  After all, what better post-hike activity than getting a mug of porter (or better yet, the "black russian"--Guinness with a shot of port), a shepherd's pie, a ploughman's lunch, etc, in the dark warmth of the low-ceilinged pub room?  If you come for full-on dinner, there's a separate and equally awesome dining room with a massive fireplace, as well as a charming covered back patio.  Oh, and if the pub gets too full (which, being tiny and popular, it frequently does), you can have your beer out on the lawn--the mountain bikers seem to love this.The only thing left is to come spend the night here so I can see the upstairs.  Yes, it's only 40 minutes from my house, but hey, the only alternative is paying for a flight to the UK, so...Anyway, if you've never had the chance to see a real English Country Inn, put the Pelican on your list (and try to come on a Sunday when Minstrel Mark plays his "hit songs from the 1500s to the present").  Maybe if enough Californians fall in love with it, we can each get one in our own neck of the (red)woods.
<review# 943,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2009,3/28/2009,90,172,7,10,10>Dinner at Fork was for a special event and lived up to the expectations for the evening.  The restaurant itself is small and quaint- with nice set up for a romantic or quiet dinner.  The waiter had good wine recommendations for a french red that was decently priced and was excellently trained in the art of serving- making sure we were well taken care of, but not interrupting our experience.The concept in straight forward- you have options for a three, four or five course meal- pretty hard decision once you see the menu.  We started with the meatballs in brodo w/ maltagliati, and a chicory salad with hazel nuts (YES!) and Pt Reyes cheese.  The first round only whetted our appetite for the parsley root, boar gnocchi with fennel shavings (delicious!!!- the homemade gnocchi almost melted in your mouth!) and pappardelle.  The duck and braised short ribs were equally good- great flavor, smart portion sizes.  I was impressed with the presentation of the chocolate torte and the taste was truly gourmet.  All in all, this is one of the best restaurants that I've been to in Marin and is a gourmet gem.
<review# 944,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2009,3/27/2009,103,114,8,7,9>When I was in middle school I ran across the Golden Gate bridge in an attempt to be the first girl in our class to get across the bridge. Looking back, that idea just sounds silly... perhaps it was because I was only 13, it was foggy and I just wanted to get across as quickly as possible but being it was my first time on the bridge, I should have stopped, snapped a pic or two and admired the view. I LOVE the fact the bridge is in our backyard and we can bike and/or walk across it anytime. My favorite part is being able to stop on the pathway and see Berkeley, Alcatraz and SF all in one view.
<review# 945,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2008,3/26/2009,564,188,7,9,9>This place makes me feel so nostalgic.A few years ago, I was visiting one of my best friends in his hometown of Napa when this whirlwind of PMS-ing came in and took me by storm.  I instantly wanted an eclair.  No, I didn't just want an eclair; I NEEDED an eclair.After a bit of whining "I need an eclair.  I need an eclair.  I need an eclair..." to my friend and having him do nothing about it, I went to his wise mother for advice, and goddess that she is, she suggested Butter Cream Bakery.  So I dragged my friend by the collar out to his car and made him drive me there.When we drove up to it, I got all giddy because the exterior was painted with PASTEL PINK AND WHITE STRIPES!  Colors that make me feel all girly and remind me of Victoria's Secret!  It's such a cute building.  And when I stepped inside... It was like, the mecca of pastries and sweets.  I was surrounded by donuts, cupcakes, cookies and other sweets galore!  And the staff members there were just as sweet!The first time I went there, of course, I got the eclair, and to be honest, it wasn't really that great; it was just custard inside of an eclair shell, but everything else that I've gotten there over the years have been AMAZING.  Bearclaws, champagne cake, applesauce cake, applesauce donuts... Need I go on about the amazingness that they serve there?  And saving the best for last... the ladybug and worm decorated cupcakes!  You can get 'em white or chocolate.  No matter what I order at Butter Cream, I always have to get a ladybug cupcake on top of it, and my friend, the worm one.  They're so cute!  And anyone who knows me knows that I'm a sucker for all things cute.  Extra bonus that they're so delicious :)Whenever I'm in Napa or happen to be driving by it, I always have to stop by Butter Cream.  I've only ever had food from their bakery, but I will make an effort to check out their diner some time.  It's super easy to get to since it's pretty much right off of the Lincoln exit!  And whenever I'm feeling blue in Napa, which I usually do because said friend moved to Maryland for grad school, so going to Napa for me usually means dropping off one of my best friends and not seeing him for another year, going to Butter Cream definitely softens the blow and makes my day a little brighter and sweeter.Butter Cream, thank you for existing.  I *heart* you.
<review# 946,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2009,3/25/2009,1396,522,12,14,13>After a morning of hiking the stunning coast of Marin, my friend and I had the appetite of a lion and came here for a big fat American breakfast. Although there was no lighthouse in sight (how deceiving), this was every bit the greasy spoon diner we were looking to fill 'er up at. We both had the Ultimate Breakfast, which was ultimately stuffing. It came with two eggs, bacon or link sausages, fruit pancake, home fries, AND toast for UNDER $10. Take that, Dottie's True Blue Cafe! The bacon wasn't your buy-in-bulk bacon--it was crisp and meaty with a hint of sweetness. We had the banana pancake and the blueberry pancake, both of which were dense with fruit and incredibly fluffy. There wasn't anything fancy about the meal, but it was satisfying comfort food.Across the street is a beautiful boat harbor where you can burn off the calories from your, er, coffee after. This is a cute little diner for classic American grub if you're north of the Golden Gate Bridge.
<review# 947,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2009,3/24/2009,130,177,7,8,7>This place is reallly cool.  Its out in the cuts, but its just a 10 minute detour past my apartment.  I've been here a few times now, and I gotta say you can find alll your sporting needs here.  It's ginormous!  I took my board to get a tune up here before heading up to Tahoe and they did a superb job of cleaning up the scratches and nicks on the base.  The service here is really friendly and knowledgeable.  Look around through this warehouse-like place, and you'll notice some great sales here and there.  The only thing is that it takes a while to fumble through the place and find what you're looking for (I know there isn't much individual sports stuff here, but why is tennis in team sports?)I'd recommend dropping by this place for at least a look over if you're looking to spruce up your athletic lifestyle.
<review# 948,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2009,3/23/2009,8,26,3,5,4>I have finally found the perfect match for me! Susan Fox, M.S., L.Ac. is absolutely dedicated, warm, caring, and extremely knowledgeable in her field. Although she treats many types of ailments, she specializes in treating women for fertility issues. Infertiltiy can be a scary, disappointing and exhausting experience, but Susan put me right at ease and was genuinely there to listen and help. She understands that some patients are blending both the Western and Eastern methods of healing (as I am) and will work with you in finding the best form of treatment specific to your individual needs. Thanks to her I am now on the right path on healing my body, mind and spirit.
<review# 949,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2009,3/22/2009,268,103,6,6,5>I'm not a huge fan of oysters, so I won't comment on the quality and freshness of our batch. However, I will praise this company on their accommodations. While there are plenty of tables and open grills (at no additional charge), you'll have to either get there before 12:30 or after 2:30 to find a vacant grill. The grounds were well kept and staff periodically came around to clear the trash cans littered with shells. The restroom facilities are two port-o-john's, so make sure you visit the little boy's/girl's room before you embark on your trip if you're a germaphobe. Otherwise, the establishment is on a gorgeous part of the shoreline. A great venue on a beautiful day. I highly recommend combining a hike in Pt. Reyes with a picnic at TBOC.Oh, most importantly, but perhaps too much information, it was fresh enough not to give anyone in our group case of the runs. At the end of the day, that's a win-win.
<review# 950,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2009,3/21/2009,265,769,7,6,5>We came in last night as part of date night for some gelato.  YUM  YUM  once again - great service.  Great selection!  I had the blood orange sorbet - sooooooo goood.and yes. I had zots.  they even had orange ones.... and pop rocks. mmmm  snap, crackle , zots.
<review# 951,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2013,7/31/2013,33,207,2,4,3>I came here for a work lunch and am looking forward to coming back here for dinner. I enjoyed the calamari and truffled fries, and the salads looked enticing (and that's coming from a hardcore carnivore). I am going to try the fettuccine jambalaya next and I'll get back to you guys on that one.
<review# 952,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2013,7/30/2013,83,446,,4,4>Large diverse assortment of beads, findings, feathers, porcupine quills, precious stone beads, every kind of thing for bead making. They will also make something for you to your specs. I went in today and was helped immensely to restore to function a beaded necklace with a big history. I have much gratitude that this fine store is in my neighborhood.
<review# 953,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2013,7/29/2013,30,107,7,8,4>I've been waiting for a place like the Parish Café to open up in Sonoma County for a long time. I've eaten my way through several trips to New Orleans (not saying I'm an expert) and absolutely loved the food and atmosphere. Parish Café brings both right here to Healdsburg.The owner and the wait staff here are incredibly nice. They do still have some kinks to work out that are mostly based around how busy they get. The kitchen shuts down around 11:30 for a half hour to forty five minutes while they switch from breakfast to lunch. They don't seat during this time, which pretty much sucks, and no, this isn't stated anywhere. Surprise! They are also spotty on to go orders. We asked the waitress about it last time we visited and she said they will do to go orders, but it depends on how busy they are. It's a small place with limited kitchen staff. I chalk it up as a quirk of the place and have learned to time our visits accordingly.Now the food. The food here is absolutely incredible. Most of the lunch menu is po' boy sandwiches, although they do have muffalettas, gumbo, jambalaya, etc. Every po' boy I've had was very good. I was elated when I showed up one day and they had wahoo po' boy as a special. I love wahoo and have never seen it around here before, probably because it is a tropical fish. The gumbo is on point and leaves one wanting more. The fried okra is crispy and the best I've ever had in California. The remoulade, which is served with the okra and can be asked for on the po' boys, adds umami. Our last visit was for breakfast and we had a chance to have the pain perdu (French toast turned up to 11) and the eggs Tchoupitoulas (think eggs benedict with shrimp). Both were very good. I did wish that I had a little more shrimp on my eggs Tchoupitoulas, though.The beignets. Oh, the beignets... When one thinks of beignets, they inevitably think of Café du Monde. I dare say that Parish Café beignets are as good as, if not better than Café du Monde's. Start every meal here with beignets, because you may be too full later to enjoy them and that would be a crying shame.The atmosphere here is very reminiscent of a small restaurant in New Orleans. On a hot day, one could imagine they are back there. I love the artwork on the walls, the tight, bustling space, and the open kitchen.I'd like to end on, what for some, is a sore point about Parish Café - the prices. Yes, they are a little higher than if you bought the same food in the Crescent City, but they are a hell of a lot cheaper than buying a plane ticket. And you won't have any scammers betting that they know where you got dem shoes.Sit back and relax. Enjoy the delicious food and ambiance. And always eat the beignets first.
<review# 954,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2012,7/28/2013,6,32,,2,1>My husband and I live up the street from Saylor's.  We go there, on average, at least once a week.  The food, service, and atmosphere are all awesome.  We typically eat in the bar where they serve the best sangria and always have great beer deals.  We like to order either a special, which ranges anywhere from fried catfish with hush puppies (yummm) to duck on risotto with cherry sauce (yummmmmm).  These specials change frequently, and I usually like to ask the owner or the staff what their favorite special is at the moment, as they have MUCH more than just Mexican food (not that there's anything wrong with Mexican food because there sooooo isn't).My favorite go-to dish is the chile rellenos.  They are the BEST I have ever had.  Get either the traditional or the beef, both are excellent.If you are looking for a casual place to dine and have drinks, a warm, friendly and efficient staff/bartender, and excellent food made with a lot of love, I highly recommend Saylor's.
<review# 955,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2013,7/27/2013,71,32,,1,1>I usually order whichever pizza(s) are the special of the day. They utilize seasonal ingredients with those pizzas which is wonderful. I've tried most of their regular menu pizzas as well and they're tasty. They get more creative with their specials - wish they did more for their regular menu. Their zinfandel "on tap" is wonderful. Can't remember the name though ... but get the carafe as it's cheaper than ordering two glasses and  you get a little more. Their caesar salad is good too but I haven't tried their other salads or pastas. Their patio is nice too though they just added a cover to it so no more sunshine on nice days which is a shame. Service is good and fast. Never without water or ZIN!
<review# 956,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2013,7/26/2013,5,14,,6,3>Great coffee consistently. For you coffee lovers like me, take home a pound of their Goat Rock.  It rocks!  Just kidding, but I was shocked at how delicious it is, rich, deep, nutty flavor but no bitterness.  I had them grind it #4, extra fine and I pour one cup at a time at home. Owner Cody and his team always positive and helpful and bonus.................your wait is 1/2 the time of Peet's and Starbucks because Cody employees two to three employees taking your orders.  Scuffins are great.  Would like to see next some new types of cookies or pastries, or a chocolate chip cookie!  Kevin Boland, CIC, Elite Farmer's Agent!
<review# 957,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2013,7/25/2013,765,333,,6,3>Edible BBQ in Marin! While I wouldn't say it is the best bbq, I will say that it's the best I've had in Marin.  The quality of the meat is on point.  So whether you like your bbq Louisiana, Texas, Carolina [fill in the blank] style, I think there is something on this menu for everybody.  If you don't like the sauce, it's still worth the money for the meat.  Also, you can save $5 on a platter, after checking in on Yelp. MEATI hardly eat meat unless I'm studying.  When I do eat meat, it has to be top quality grilled or bbq chicken, fish, hotlinks, or brisket.  That local brisket was bang'n.  It had just the right amount of tender and fat.  I also liked that it wasn't really dressed with bbq sauce.  Instead, I could try two of theirs, then opt for my own at home. I tried the sweet and tangy and something else.  I liked both equally, but overall, prefer a sweeter and smokier Louisiana style sauce. SIDES:  The sides were a bit of a surprise.  ie. I really enjoyed my kale slaw -- it held up incredibly well against the cole saw sauce.  I'd order this again in a heartbeat. I also thought that the sweet potato tots were clever.  I just wish they had been crunchier to stand up against sriracha and ketchup [if you haven't had tots with sriracha and ketchup, then you're missing out].  SCENEIt's basically take home bbq, with very few seats for those who want to sit down and dig right in.  I didn't call ahead, but my food was piping hot and ready to go in 10-15 minutes.   BOTTOM LINEYou can order a quality balanced meal here, without trying too hard.  And, if you're nearby and need takeout, it's really easy to get in and get out.
<review# 958,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2013,7/24/2013,515,854,2,5,2>Bottom Line: Top-of-the-Line cuisineAppetizers: BBQ Oysters and Crab cakes. Meal: Fish tacos caught in our Bolinas Bay backyard (not the tacos - the fish). My lunch pal had the Cod caught in the same locale.Breakfast here is terrific. The rest of their menu is better. This was my first non-breakfast. What a smash for an out of town guest who claims to have eaten worldwide but loved Parkside Cafe as much as anywhere.Tip: Don't go at high noon. Go earlier or later for much better service. And eat outdoors if the weather is good enough, which it often is. The sun is a direct bead on the patio and it is glorious.Then walk off your meal on Stinson Beach. Yesterday it was pretty windy, but as my pal observed: "There is never really a BAD day on the beach."
<review# 959,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2013,7/23/2013,113,126,4,10,8>Whenever you rank something, besides the experience and your reaction to it, you should ask what is it?  And what is it trying to be?This is one of the best apprenticeship programs for at risk youth in sonoma county.  This is one of the best places to brunch here as well.  When I have friends from NY or for overseas, I take them here.  The service is spot on or shaky, but it is sincere and it is someone who is learning and who gets better each time.  These are 15-25 year old kids extremely focused on what they're doing and on getting it right.The kitchen is flawless as far as I can tell.  Try anything resembling a scone here. The fried chicken and waffle (a southern thing) will absolutely delight you, if you let it.The menu changes often, but the steak sandwich was incredible the last time I had it.  Benes are usually on the menu.The bill comes, and there's no total.  Don't be a prick.  Add it up.  In your mind's eye add the 8.99 to the 12.99 and come up with a reasonable estimate.  Then add 20%.  It's going to a good cause.  More, even if it strikes you!  At risk youth who want to apprentice for a culinary education.  Then, if you have a heart, put a few $$$ extra and leave before anyone sees what you're doing.  Oh, yeah.  And they cater.
<review# 960,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2013,7/21/2013,53,127,,6,2>We've been bringing our pets to a vet closer to home for decades--20 plus years. He's fine, especially if things aren't too complicated. He's also pretty old school. Our current dogs never liked going  to see him and had to be wrestled or tricked on to the exam table. Stressful for all of us.At Redwood Pet Clinic, our pups are much less fearful. They actually seem HAPPY to be there--something I could not have imagined. We went through a rough patch at the beginning of the year with one of our pups. He had 3 seizures in a 24 hour period. Dr. Closer-to-Home was out of office for the holidays so we went to Redwood where Dr. Manchester saw our pooch. Dr. M. is very smart, knowledgeable and went the extra mile to see if it was possible to get the afflicted pup into a trial for epilepsy treatment. (It wasn't. He had too many seizures in 24 hours to qualify.) Anyway, with a bit of back and forth, blood tests and waiting it out, we agreed to put epi-puppy on P-Barb. So far, so good. No more seizures since he started the Rx. SUCH a relief.So as inconvenient as it is for us to schlep 12 miles down 101, it's more than worth it. I know our menagerie (2 dogs, 1 cat) is in the capable and caring hands of Dr. M., Dr. R. and their staff. I highly recommend this clinic!
<review# 961,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2013,10/24/2013,143,100,59,68,21>I'm assuming that if you're reading reviews, it's not because you're trying to decide whether or not to dine here. It's The French Laundry, duh.But after my fifth time dining here, I thought I might have some useful tips for first timers.1) On getting a reservation: If you weren't able to secure a reservation ahead of time, there are still a couple of things you can try. On the day you'd like to dine there (you can also try the day before), show up *in person* at about 10:30am or 11am, and very nicely ask. They often have a last minute cancellation after they've checked the phone messages that morning. Also, they usually hold a "managers/owners" table until the last minute. If they don't need it, they usually release it the day of.2) You can't be overdressed. All the men are wearing jackets and the women are wearing their most beautiful dresses and jewels. You want to look better than them. It's just that kind of place.3) Show up rested and sober. If you're not from the Napa Valley, chances are that you've also been wine tasting that day. And if you try to have a 3 - 5 hour dinner at The French Laundry after you've jammed 4 (or more) wine tastings into your day, you are going to be hating life. I recommend doing two wineries early in the day, have a relaxing afternoon shopping or lounging at the pool, and then maybe a nap before dinner. You're welcome.4) Wear something comfortable. Be dressy, be elegant... but also be comfortable. Dinner will be three to five hours long, and it's a lot of food and wine. Nothing turns a great night of food and wine into torturous hell like pants that are too tight.5) When you're seated, ask for additional iPad wine lists for each person interested in wine. If you don't, one person gets to have all the "fun" while your date just sits there.6) Consult with one of the sommeliers. It doesn't matter how experienced or inexperienced you are with wine. The somms are there to help you make the best decision based on your menu choices, taste preferences, and budget (and be honest about your budget!). There are literally thousands of wines on the wine list and you shouldn't try to make the decision alone.7) Ask to see the kitchen. They expect it. It's part of the experience.8) Take a break after the main savory courses. Before the intermezzo and dessert(s), you can take a break, get up, and go out to the garden for a break. This is key. A big breath of fresh air wakes you right up and stretching your legs for a few minutes does wonders. There's a bench outside and it's a wonderful opportunity for a romantic smooch while you gaze at the stars.9) Expect to spend a *minimum* of about $450 per person. (That means that dinner for two on a budget will be about $900.) Currently (Oct 2013), the food is $270 per person. But there's a 20% service charge, and then 7.75% tax on top of that. So that's $700 for dinner for two if you're drinking tap water with your meal.You should also be aware that there are supplemental charges if you choose certain dishes. You'd like the gnocchi with truffles and Jidori egg? That's an extra $100 for each person who orders that dish. You'd like the fresh white truffles from Alba shaved over your fettuccine? That's a whopping $250 extra per person for that dish.It's not hard to exceed $1000 per person if you're not careful.10) Ask for copies of the menu to take home. They have the date printed on top, and they put them in a nice folder for you to take home. You're going to need them when people ask you what you had because you won't be able to remember anything.11) On the way out, ask where the closest McDonald's is and how late they're open. Their reaction is priceless.
<review# 962,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2013,10/23/2013,103,212,,2,6>Dined on Friday Aug 16 and made true to my last promise of ordering the New York steak from Gianlucca (luca?). I ordered the steak medium rare and it was made to perfect order.  The dessert we were thinking of was called something along the lines of  "limoncello."  I posted a picture on the business website.   The clams were delicious.  My daughter was delighted.My salad was perfect (i requested more goat cheese).The lovely people who work here take care of their customers, and they do care about their customers.  I have seen it, and I feel it, and I wish I lived closer and had a disposable income so I could eat here as often as I'd like!  I would LOVE to be a regular here!  To call it a diamond in the rough is a bit of an insult.Salute!(p.s. I'm sorry if I've spelled Gianluca's name incorrectly.  It's probably 'Gianlucca.')
<review# 963,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2013,10/22/2013,431,328,3,8,4>Mini Mango is a step up from your typical Thai restaurant. Most of the menu is a more contemporary version of Thai classics, the highlight being the Peanut Bomb (you can do chicken or tofu). Just about any of the curries on the menu are tasty as well but nothing that's ever really blown me away. I love ordering a nice Riesling to go with my Thai food but you'll get stuck paying around $30 for a bottle here (bottles that would obviously retail for far less) or a corkage fee (I think it was $10). But that's pretty standard so I always go for it, just about every Riesling we've ordered was fabulous. The heated front patio is the slam dunk for Mini Mango. Lots of room, way more than inside atleast, and TONS of heat lamps to keep you warm. You don't even have to ask for them to move the heat lamps for you they just do it immediately once you've been seated. The pace and consistency of the service is really what makes the atmosphere here. This is easily one of my favorite casual restaurants in Napa.
<review# 964,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2013,10/21/2013,48,97,3,4,2>I love coming here for many reasons:1. Eyebrow wax at the Benefit Brow Bar:I go to Kayla and she does a great job. Best brow wax I've had since moving here 4 years ago. I also just had my eyebrows waxed by Lilly and she's just as good. All the girls there are friendly.2. Make-up & Hair services:Danica has done my make-up for my engagement photo shoot and it turned out great. She has also cut my hair and I loved my cut. I plan on seeing her for highlights in the future. I also love the salon because the prices are very reasonable.3. Just shopping:I love shopping for beauty supplies at Ulta. It can be more pricey than say Target or Walmart, but they constantly have coupons and deals that are hard to beat, and of course member awards. They have a huge selection of Essie nail polish which is my favorite. They're also my go-to store for higher end make-up products (Benefit)!I did have one negative experience with a girl at the front counter (I don't know her name). She just rang me up and I paid but I had a 10% off coupon for prestige make-up that I forgot to use and I bought a ton of Benefit products and it would have saved me a good amount. Needless to say she was extremely pissed off and not happy about it. I understand it's a hassle (but it's also her job) and I told her I'm sorry about 3 times with NO response back from her whatsoever (just a pissed off look). It won't stop me from shopping here though.
<review# 965,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2013,10/20/2013,14,38,4,22,8>I've written my fair share of yelp reviews before, but this one is by far the most important, the one where words will fail me and five stars will seem a paltry accolade to represent this company's unsurpassed level of customer service. John and Curtis are the owners of this company and I can truly say that these two men care more about their customers and the reputation of this company than anyone could ever expect. Just trust me on this one - I won't go into detail, but we had a significant miscommunication with the company concerning the AC, and John and Curtis went so above and beyond to rectify the situation and make sure that we were satisfied that I feel I have something to learn from them about customer service being a small business owner myself. We are so grateful to them and I will forever recommend them and patron them, not despite the miscommunication but because John and Curtis showed so much concern and dedication to their mission: "100% guaranteed". Needless to say, Moore Heating and Air Conditioning cares - about their product, their reputation and their customers (past, present and future).  Besides the outstanding customer service, our AC works great, the new furnace is awesome and we couldn't be happier with the way both run - super quiet and efficient. The guys that came to install the units were so nice, respectful, on time and professional - they even rearranged their schedules to make sure the job got done in a timely manner when things took a little longer than expected. The financing was so doable and we were able to find a payment that worked for us. All in all, this company sets the standard for other HVAC companies to strive for, so if you want the best possible company doing the best possible job for your heating and air conditioning needs, then simply look no further.
<review# 966,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2013,10/19/2013,47,229,,3,1>After last night's dinner I feel the need to reiterate how much I love this place! The funny thing is that I have not been here since April so we were unsure of what kind of dishes would be served this time of the year. Upon sitting down and glancing over the menu my boyfriend and I felt some sort of disappointment. Nothing on the menu sounded overly delicious or worth trying in our eyes. We even considered just finishing up our beers then heading out to another restaurant, but THANKFULLY we were too lazy to choose somewhere else to go and decided to just share two little plates and an entree. I think that was the best decision we made all week!We started out with the grilled squid and the charred broccoli. Both dishes had unexpected flavors that accentuated the spotlighted ingredients. The grilled squid was paired with a tangy, spicy "dressing" over arugula and beets. The charred broccoli was seasoned with slices of garlic and lemon zest. You would think that these combinations would be overwhelming in flavor, but it was perfect! We completely devoured both dishes within minutes and the plates were scrapped clean. For our entree we shared the grilled salmon and it was mouthwatering good and maybe one of the best salmons I have had in a while. The salmon was cooked medium but still had a crispy skin. On the side was an avocado, radish, cilantro combo topped with salmon roe! I would have never thought that pairing salmon roe, which is most typical in Japanese cuisine (tobiko), would be SO good! It added an extra depth of saltiness....need I say again, SO GOOD! For drinks I got my usual Sweetwater which I feel could be paired with most dishes since it is reallly light. My boyfriend got the Park which is the most similar to IPAs since it has the most hop. He also tried the Lager which has butterscotch and caramel notes and I would suggest it towards the end of your meal since it is more on the sweet side. This is random but we also got a Blue Bottle Drip Coffee for dessert because my bf had a long drive back to the South Bay. It was SO strong and better than the iced coffee we had shared at La Coppa down the street. Prices for small plates are pretty reasonable since the dishes aren't actually that small. They are perfect for sharing. Whereas, entree prices are definitely up there. Most dishes are $25+.
<review# 967,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2013,10/18/2013,12,113,4,7,3>How are there not more reviews for Victoria?!  This classic Italian bakery has been around forever and it's still got the magic touch.  If you haven't been, stop what you're doing and go right now.My advice (and take it from one who knows) is to avoid the cookies ($20/lb!) and set your sights on the cakes and pastries.  These are the desserts of my childhood, the ones my Italian side of the family brought to every family celebration.  They've got cannoli, eclairs, Napoleons, whole cakes, slices of cakes, mini flourless cakes, and cake bombs (a giant cake pop with no stick).  They also have gelato and Italian mints.  On my most recent visit, I had a truffle cake bomb and instantly reversed the positive effects of my morning hike, but damn, it was worth it.  If you like some caffeine with your dessert, they have huge cups of coffee and teeny tiny cups of espresso.  Very Italian, no?
<review# 968,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2013,10/17/2013,97,98,,10,3>I just got back from Cassini Ranch and I had a great weekend! Here is some useful info if you are considering camping here:Pros:1) Direct river access with good swimming and kayak rentals right on the beach.2) Great dish washing facilities! :)3) General Store on site with decent prices if you forget anything or need firewood.4) Friendly and helpful staff.5) Nice bathrooms with free showers!6) Verizon has decent reception (3g data)Cons:1) Our site had no shade all day! (21A) So it was very hot. If you look on the map you can see the sites in green circles starting with 5B and going to about 22 or 23 all have very little or no shade. Other sites like the ones across the road in yellow have decent shade.2) The beach also has no shade, but the water cools you off.3) The Campground is pretty big and is often crowded. We didn't have any issues, because our neighboring campers were pretty quite, but if you got the wrong neighbors, there wouldn't be anything to muffle their noise.Tips:1) Bring a popup tent!2) Bring disinfectant wipes to clean the counter of the dish station before and after use.3) Bring a shower kit. I normally don't shower when camping, but these showers were so nice I wish I brought stuff for it.4) Bring a cooking apparatus for sure. The camp fires are in half metal barrels and don't have a cooking grate. You can get a cooking grate from facilities, but they didn't look that stable for cooking over the campfire.Final Notes:I will almost definitely be going back! It is a great spot. I will just never get the same site with no shade!
<review# 969,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2013,10/16/2013,46,102,,6,2>Excellent spot to end a day of wine tasting. We enjoyed quite the plethora of tapas. We tried the scallops (4 stars), pork belly (5 stars), beef tartare (5 stars), pretzels (3 stars), crab hash brown things (4 stars), fingerling potatoes (4 stars), and pork belly biscuits (5 stats).Service was excellent and the food was delicious. I would absolutely patronize chalk board again.
<review# 970,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2013,10/15/2013,41,269,,3,5>I really enjoyed my lunch here. The Cremini Mushroom and Swiss Baguette Burger really hit the spot. I thought that the baguette was going to be too tough to bite through without smashing the burger, but that was not so. The baguette complemented the burger perfectly. All the components went together for a satisfying savory lunch. The burger also held together all the way through to the end, wasn't messy. The salad it came with went well with it, a nice balsamic dressing.Boudin has a nice selection of beer, too. That means a lot coming from me. Sitting out on the patio sipping Fat Tire Ale was nice and relaxing. The staff were all friendly and attentive. I like the atmosphere, and I actually like this one better than the one on Fisherman's Wharf.
<review# 971,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/18/2008,4/3/2008,976,1376,4,7,7>It had been a while since I had been here. To start, the food was a 3.5. I put it down to a 3 because it was expensive ($12 for an eggs benedict!) and the service was sloooooooow. It took a good 10 minutes for the wait person to bring the check AFTER we had asked for it. Our food also took a good 25 minutes to come. After a long hike, this isn't exactly what I'm expecting.I have no complaints about the food. It's basic breakfast fare and I'm glad they serve it until 3pm. The place itself is in a great location on the way to Muir woods and off the bike path. The restaurant is cute and cozy and great for groups. If you're lucky enough, you may get to sit next to the fireplace on a cold day.I had the eggs benedict and it was very tasty. flickr.com/photos/calmen
<review# 972,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/24/2007,4/2/2008,262,294,7,9,11>I don't like dust. But it's kinda cool when a bar has row upon row of really old scotch bottles all cloaked in dusty dust, dust, dust...I don't like wall-to-wall carpet. But I like it when it's a Tartan pattern, covering the floor of a Scottish-themed bar in Sausalito, dark and divey enough to keep the tourists away on a gloriously sunny day...I don't like my buddy John "that way." We've known each other since we were eleven years old, for crying out loud. Since he had a mullet and I had bangs and a mushroom cut. But it was pretty damn amusing when the cheesy bartender, in his Hawaiian shirt (it went really well with the Tartan), kept talking AT us as though we were on some sort of romantic relief weekend from a long-distance relationship...No, actually -- we're just a couple of old friends. And we're lushes. We couldn't spend more than two hours hiking in the Headlands before deciding we needed to find us some Seven and Sevens. Stat.In Sausalito, if nothing else, this is the joint for that!
<review# 973,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2008,3/31/2008,2568,1290,11,13,13>Because the last family dinner in San Rafael was pretty not good, yelp.com/biz/sushi-to-da I was put in charge of finding an actual good dinner for us all. After much yelping and finding my number one choice was booked, I decided Maria Manso was going to be it. Good choice me!We added two to our party at the last minute and they easily accommodated us. Right as we sat down, they brought out these amazingly warm and chewy/crisp, red and green, bready tortilla like strips with hummus. So freaking good! We all devoured them instantly and they pleasantly refilled us three times before we had properly spoiled dinner. yelp.com/biz_photos/WeobEverything on the dinner menu sounded really good! mariamanso.com/dinner.ht I ended up getting the whole crispy striped bass for my entre. And even thought it's not on the menu, they had foie gras! Go me! Tortured liver is always a pleasant surprise when you don't expect to get it. And for some reason, all their cocktails were soju based, no idea why, so I got a soju on the rocks and the family got a bottle of red. Soon the first wave of foods arrived. My foie was great but the puff pastry it came with was overly flakey and was difficult to cut into pieces. Meh, I just wanted the foie anyways. Between the 8 of us we got most the menu and it was all great! Not that long after, my beautiful whole fried bass came out. It was gorgeous! It's back was split open and stuffed with some salad and came with a small side of sweet salsa that I completely forgot about while in my fishie heaven. yelp.com/biz_photos/WeobThe skin was beyond belief! The meat was flakey and perfectly cooked, not greasy at all. I started on one side and soon had eaten all but the head. I saved the best for last, the cheek meat. I decapitated my little friend and ripped his head into two. The cheek meat and all around the head was some of the best fish head I've ever had! I even made sure to suck down the fried eyeballs. I have never cleaned a plate so well. I ate all the bones that were fried enough along with the fins. I just couldn't get over how good that fish was!Needless to say, everyone in my family loved the meal and thanked me for showing them all a new great place in the area. Viva Yelp!
<review# 974,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2008,3/30/2008,49,171,8,11,8>Best kept secret in Marin! I got married here and it is THE best place to have a wedding if you want something casual with a rustic feel to it. Stacey was our rental agent/bartender extraordinaire. She did a fantastic job! We set up a catered BBQ reception outside and had the place jumping with the DJ. Noise ordinance is 10pm since it is in a residential area. There is a full functioning kitchen too that can be used if needed. There is a stage at one end of the main room so you can stand up there for your vow exchange. The bar downstairs opens at 6 so really you only need to worry about stocking a bar until then and the guests can then go get their drink on.  3 dollar well drinks that have a kick to them is another rarity in Marin! The space is a rustic real log cabin built at the turn of the century, the background for pictures is amazing.  It smells woodsy inside as well. The lighting choices are endless. Twinkle lights, chandeliers or spot lights are all in the main room. There are tables and chairs already there as well so depending on the size of your party you might not have to bring in extras. The huge parking lot is plenty large enough to accommodate your guests. On the other side of the lot there is a fenced in fancy playground for the kids to play in if you need time for some adult fun. The price for renting the space for the day was only 700 bucks which is amazing for Marin as well as soon as you mention the word wedding most places charge you an extra couple thousand easy. If we had to do it all over again we wouldn't change a thing. It was a perfect day and the location was amazing with the feel of the cabin perfect for a rustic casual affair.
<review# 975,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2008,3/29/2008,334,681,4,9,9>Until today I didn't even know this place existed.  What a find!I loved it!  I don't know about the hotel, but if it is anything like the restaurant, it will be worth exploring.  Wonderful lunch!  Nice staff!  Very relaxed and pleasant atmosphere!Only problem was the wait service was a tad slow. We waited and waited for someone to come to our table to take our order. Then one waitress came and started asking about drinks, etc.  . . . and then a 2nd one came up and started repeating everything with the 1st one still standing there. Was someone being trained? If so, couldn't tell which one. Bus staff was quick and efficient. There seemed to be plenty of them and they seemed to know what they were doing.  A+ for busing service. Maybe they should have been waiting tables?After our plates were cleared it was a good 10 minutes, or more, before the wait staff (just one this time) returned to ask about dessert and coffee.  She left the dessert menus and once again didn't return for some time.  I would have loved dessert and coffee, but we'd finally really run out of time for even a long lunch hour.  Maybe with some additional wait staff or more training, this one slight flaw can be corrected.
<review# 976,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2008,3/27/2008,108,1734,6,12,15>Twenty years ago when husband used to work in Terra Linda I used to listen jealously when he'd talk about the occasional lunch at Las Camelias.  A while later we had dinner here and it was as good as I'd imagined.  We don't come here often but when we do we enjoy it.  So tonight we're going to hear Cristianne Amanpour at the Marin Veteran's Auditorium, giving us a great excuse to have dinner here beforehand.  Husband had a top shelf margarita and I had a sangria, both very good.  The chips and salsa were tasty.  We shared a house salad which was mostly romaine w/ grated cheese and a tangy dressing.  It was fresh, crisp and yummy.  He had the Burrito del Mar, a flour tortilla filled w/ salmon, snapper and assorted vegetables.  It was accompanied by beans and rice.  He would have it again, one of our tests of a dish.  I had a cornish game hen which had been marinated in ginger, garlic, and agave THEN deep fried THEN cooked in a sauce of tomatoes, mushrooms and spices.  It was presented w/ mushroom sauce spilling out of its cavity and was accompanied w/ the same rice and beans.  It was scrumptious.  The beans and rice were marvelous.  I couldn't finish them and wished for a second stomach to put them in.  Service was attentive w/ water glasses being replenished when needed.  The restaurant is housed in an attractive space painted in warm colors that complement the wood and tile floors.  It's a complete dining experience.
<review# 977,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/11/2008,3/26/2008,541,1054,2,16,9>I've been sitting on this review for a while - which usually happens when I am torn about something.  I have visited Mill Valley Baby Co. a few times now, and while I LOVE their assortment of products, I find their customer service lacking.  Now, I am a person who rarely meets a retail establishment she doesn't like, and I can get pretty enthusiastic about even the smallest item, but I do have expectations when it comes to sales help, especially in a store with such high-end products as this one.Let's start with the positive.  This store is where you go to set up your DreamBaby's life in your DreamHome with your DreamPartner to start your DreamFamily.  Everything in there, from the beds to the blankets to the accessories is just....dreamy.  They have found just the right blend of modern, cute, practical, and elegant.  Any child or parent would be lucky to receive a gift from this store - 5 stars.Now here is where I get disappointed, and my enthusiasm starts to wane.  The sales help is extremely inconsistent - being extra-helpful to some customers, and virtually ignoring others.  I was with a friend recently who was there to pick up an item that she had ordered and paid for in advance (the cutest ladybug on wheels you have ever seen!), and she hadn't received a message that it had come in.  They said they had tried, but couldn't get an answer, and there was no apology, just a shrug. Then they handed it over to her, and we were left all alone without a word, unwrapping it ourselves to check if it was undamaged, and then waiting to find another available salesperson to see if we could get it gift-wrapped.  Our request was met with our having to compromise on the wrap, and we were made to feel like we were putting the salesperson out...NOT how you should feel around the holidays when you are buying a wonderful gift for a precious youngster.I love shopping in Mill Valley for the sweet boutiques, small-town feel, high-end products, and great customer service.  At every other store we visited that day we were greeted with a smile and treated kindly, whether or not we bought anything.  I would definitely recommend Mill Valley Baby Co. for the products alone, but I think they need a good dose of holiday spirit before I purchase from there again.
<review# 978,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2008,3/25/2008,371,281,21,18,17>A plate of creamy hummus, smoky baba ganoush, crispy falafel, and rice-filled dolma's made watching my nephew lose his marbles after the guests of his second birthday decapitated a Curious George pinata, so much more enjoyable.Without the Middle Eastern grub, the screaming and declarations of "ooo ooo, died" from my nephew would just be sad, instead of sad AND delicious.Hummus makes everything better, even the murder of your 2-year-old nephews favorite monkey.Oh, and the olives were perfection.
<review# 979,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2007,3/24/2008,4426,2604,17,13,16>Well slap me on the ass and call me clueless! Because who knew hiking through a forest could be so dang fun!!!Maybe most of you readers did, but I was born and raised in the concrete jungles of Studio City. Sure, we lived in the hills and my brother and I had one of the coolest backyards around thanks to the landscaping awesomeness of my Dad, but our little trees and ivy and ferns held nothing to the monstrous redwoods I saw today!Wowee wow! Just amazing. I couldn't get enough (well that's a lie, I am out of shape so hiking up some of the hills was a little brutal for this hard living urban chicky!) But in spite of that, I am oh soooo  very grateful to my oh so awesome Yelp company for throwing part one of our company outing here, because it has actually made me want to try outdoors stuff now. Granted, there is nothing this cool in LA, BUT, I hear there are cool places about an hour out of LA, so maybe one of these weekends, I'll pay $487 for a full tank of gas and give this nature thing a go :)
<review# 980,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/11/2008,3/22/2008,218,202,6,8,8>If I'm in the area and want a quick slice a-la "greasy pizza joint" style, quick and dirty, to nosh on while watching people observing the equivalent of paint drying across the street, I come here. Nothing special, nothing fantabulous about it except they will serve you a slice of hot pizza with what you want on it. I don't have the same complaint many others do about it not having enough sauce or that the crust is too doughy. it is what it is. If I want pizza that's above the bar I go to Pizzaiolo, Cheeseboard or a myriad of other places. They didn't skimp on the pepperoni or cheese, or do anything weird to it. It is a little odd that they slice a regular piece into three smaller slices, but whatevs, I now have pizza fing'rs on my plate instead of  one large slice. Ya know people, if you don't want it that way, I'm sure you can always tell them NOT to do that. It still tastes the same to me.
<review# 981,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2008,8/31/2008,748,1049,1,5,5>I didn't think it was possible to love something even more than I love the original Parkway, close to my home in Oakland.But this NEW theater is so clean!! The bathrooms are so spacious and sparkly! The chairs so undefiled!I was there for a weekend matinee with The Poop readers (the baby blog in the SF Chronicle) and it was, as they say in Bollywood, "housefull."Yes, the food line does move slowly, so be prepared (I wasn't, and my tot found his way out of the theater to track me down).But that is only a tiny gripe. I love both Parkway theaters so much!
<review# 982,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2008,8/30/2008,307,514,11,12,15>This is an Alsatian French restaurant.  According to four Alsatians, with whom I had the great pleasure of dining this afternoon for a lovely late lunch, this place offers some traditional regional specialties.  However, they noted that even the classically traditional items (such as Tarte Flambee) are served as an American fusion (e.g. smoked salmon instead of salted ham). Pretension aside, I'll just say that this place is darn tootin' good!  We started with Tarte Flambee & a charcuterie plate that was divine.  I learned to adore cornichons in France, and I was not deprived of my petite love this day.  I then moved on to a delicious Salad Nicoise (with perfect, rare ahi tuna), & finished with a molten chocolate fantastic mess.  We had champagne & a fine Sauvignon Blanc along the way.  Not a single complaint all around.  What did I say about leaving pretension behind?  Hard to do, I guess, when you're dining on such exquisite food.Oh, and, you know that belief that Europeans eat meals for, like, 2 hours?  Not this table.  The food was superb and brought out in a timely fashion.  What could we do but gobble it down?  As a matter of fact, I'm proud to say that I was the last one to finish.  (I think I was distracted by all the pig paraphernalia around - didn't want to resemble it for at least this one meal!)With 2 o'clock reservations on a Monday afternoon, we pretty much had the place to ourselves.  Service was superb, company marvelous, and the food, well, ce n'est pas le vraiment francaise, mais c'est tres bon!
<review# 983,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/11/2008,8/29/2008,451,412,3,3,4>Yum, yum, yum, yum.  I loved this place.  The ceasar salad is made at your table.  When I saw the lovely waiter make our dressing my initial instinct was to throw up, but ingredients aside it was delicious and I came close to licking my plate clean.  But who would do that in a nice restaurant?  Guilty as charged.  I had the cheese burger at it was not only huge (bigger than my face), but dericious!  My boyfriend had a Porterhouse Steak with Burgundy Sauce  and all that was left over on his plate was a few scraps for the dog and potatoes.  It was good.  We both left looking 3 months pregnant.  If you care about over eating, than I wouldn't recommend dining here.  It is hard to restrain oneself with food so flavor full and good.
<review# 984,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2008,8/28/2008,122,461,4,5,4>I walked in here totally intending to "window shop" and left having ordered their Zinfandel Six Pack to be gingerly shipped up to me in Seattle.  Basically I just wanted an excuse to have six more dinner parties before I left.  I chatted with the guy about apartments and where to live and felt right at home.  I love that they support small boutique vineyards in California, however I had to ask about the Oregon Pinots and some other varietals that are really coming out of the gates in the Pacific NW.  Super nice, even though I can get a little overly passionate, I think it was appreciated here...which equates to a very loyal customer.  Come here if you know what you want and are into branching out.
<review# 985,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2008,8/27/2008,13,91,6,7,7>I'm not sure that the photo of Mr. Happy, the gigantic, flowering phallus mascot is the best representative of the scene at  Annie's. Oh, this place is for floozies all right, flower floozies that is.   Who can' t get enough of that ... uh huh, yeah, .... horticultural stuff. Last weekend I went , in the rain, and purposely left my wallet in the car after vowing to spend no more that the $60 in my pocket.  I guess I wanted it bad.  Real bad.  An hour later I'm running to the car to grab another $30.Yeah, it's like that.    100 stars.
<review# 986,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2008,8/26/2008,287,292,9,9,9>So as some of you know, I recently participated in a charity event called, Keep-a-breast (yelp.com/biz/the-keep-a-) where you take a plaster of your bust, an artist decorates it, and then it's auctioned off for charity. Well I volunteered to not only get my bust plastered but also to decorate it. Being an incredibly weird project using many mediums I have found that Ben Franklin crafts contains everything I need. From gesso by the gallon, to stencil paint and brushes, to silk flowers, and so much more.I've still got a lot of time to put into my bust so I'm sure I'll see you again soon Ben.
<review# 987,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2008,8/25/2008,54,218,4,5,4>It's like the thrill of the hunt, looking for the next little black dress to add to the collection, amazing statement bag, or perfect shade of lip gloss, and when you find it and pounce upon your prey, pay, and take it home, all those baser animal instincts we take for granted kick into high gear.    It is no surprise, then, that when I entered the boutique Citrus with plenty of fun, juicy purses and shoes that I myself would give in to my natural instincts. My friend Jess and I were perusing the merchandise: shiny patent royal purple frame satchels, jewel toned strappy sandals, white studded clutches with matching wallets and shoes, all very reasonably priced. We were in veritable shopaholic heaven. But it wasn't until we reached the very back of the store so that Jess could pay for a great braided leather white bag that I actually felt like I had died and gone to heaven: atop a crisp white shelf was the most perfect black leather  bag. Cue parting clouds, bright glowing light, and angelic hymns.     I pulled the bag down from its place of honor and carefully plied it open. The rich smell of its leather seduced me as the design of the bag itself begged me to carry it in the crook of my arm. I asked the boutique owner Kelly if I could put the bag on hold. As politely as one could when breaking another's heart, Kelly told me no, she didn't hold any items in her store because she liked to keep the inventory moving. As I looked around I could tell that this wasn't difficult. Everything in the store was beautiful and ranged in style so that hippies and yuppies alike would find something to take home and treasure. Myself being a proud yuppie, I naturally gravitated toward the most chic and expensive thing in the entire store. I held the bag protectively, not wanting any other potential buyer-predators to snatch it away from me. After a few minutes of quick calculations, I realized that the bag would not only make me incredibly happy now, it was an investment for my closet. I  could no longer resist the siren song of Citrus.
<review# 988,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2008,8/24/2008,6,117,2,3,2>I have been going here since I was 4 and it was across from the Hotel Mac and they had the most beautiful luscious garden in the back.  They have THE BEST PANCAKES, ever, period.  So affordable, almost all breakfast plates $7 & under, $3 for b-fast sandwich.  Their sandwiches are extremely fresh and tasty, and they always have out of the ordinary items like brautwurst, which is great because you can get almost anything you are craving here.  And the owner is such a nice lady who always starts a conversation with you.
<review# 989,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2008,8/23/2008,5,155,5,4,4>This was my first visit to this location since it was the Avenue Grill, one of my favorites from the 90's.   I remember eating there once at a table next to George Lucas.   I had read a review which mentioned the meatloaf and that was what I was craving, but alas it wasn't on the menu.  Fortunately it was Monday, the special "cayenne crusted prime rib" night so I ordered that instead and it turned out to be some of the best prime rib I've had, even more tasty than what they serve at the House of Prime Rib.  I was a bit put off by the obscene size but since some poor cow sacrificed himself without being consulted for the opportunity to become a menu item I felt it my duty to finish every bite, and so to the cow I raised a glass of excellent Zinfandel in toast.
<review# 990,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2008,8/21/2008,101,81,4,5,4>Belli Deli makes me smile.  My husband knows this and suggested that we go to Belli Deli today.  My husband makes me smile too. :-)Belli Deli makes incredible French dip sandwiches, with the most perfect, fresh bread, juicy roast beef, melty cheese, and succulent au jus for dipping.  It seems that every time we order a French dip from Belli Deli, it is better than the one before, even though it is always so good, it seems impossible.  Somehow, with this sandwich, Belli Deli manages to improve upon perfection every time.Their other sandwiches are great too.  I like the veggie sandwiches.  All of their sandwiches are huge and can easily be split between two people.  The sandwiches are so good, however, that sometimes it is difficult to share.  Sharing the French dip, with its mouth-watering jus, is perfect to share with your true love, though.  Anyone else, and I would say, "This is my sandwich.  Go order your own!"
<review# 991,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2009,5/20/2010,352,403,6,7,6>My first time hanging out in Sausalito or "the sauce" as my friend calls it.  We decided to get some dinner before heading to dugout bar for some boozing.  When I heard the name of the place, I envisioned a snooty yacht club vibe serving sauerkraut and boiled goose.  I was assured by my friend that the food was good and the environment was very casual.One of my friends is a member of the cruising club, so we just had to pay 15 bucks for the buffet dinner.   They had a bunch of different dishes, fish tacos, seafood linguine, roasted vegetables, and amazing bbq/hoisin sauce chicken.  There was also a good band that played some mellow funky music.
<review# 992,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2010,5/19/2010,67,79,10,12,7>I was just sitting at my keyboard watching a very dull page load when I felt a big nothing -- light headed, dizzy, about to pass out.  Within a few seconds the big nothing passed.  I thought about this experience for another 20 seconds and asked my wife to drive me to Emergency at Kaiser San Rafael-Northgate.Most people would not run to Emergency on a single episode like that -- most people would just sit there and wait to see what happens next: like a stroke or a heart attack.  Luckily I have had heart surgery 6 times before this, so I can recognize a danger signal the first time.Others might be concerned that a big nothing episode is not enuf to bother the emergency room -- there is awesome fear of embarrassment when you go to Emergency and it turns out to be nothing special.So, maybe, if it happens again, they might telephone the Advice Nurse.  IMHO, you could be seriously dead if you wait for the telephone game to play out.  Luckily, I had three more nothing episodes during the fifteen minute drive to Emergency.  Good show -- built credibility going in.Another one while checking in at Emergency reception -- OK, that's enuf, case is made,  They wheeled me directly into the main cavern and hooked me up to all kinds of doctor things --  multiple monitors which they watched clkosely -- bringing out more tools and doodads including crash pads (one on chest, one on back) like they use with defibrillators on TV -- in fact they brought one in.  Just lying there, not doing anything, I felt another nothing episode and said "i am having another episode,"  and they said, "yes, we know, don't do anything."  Like what was I gonna do?They injected more stuff and the episode passed. Later they told me that there was a nine second "pause" between heartbeats, and when the heart isn't pumping blood, the brain starts to go dark.So, within 20 minutes of my arrival at Kaiser Emergency they had ruled out stroke, and focused on irregular heartbeat as the probable cause.  More white-coated doctors came by and said, yeah, that's probably it.  One of them turned out to be a cardiologist and he settled on installing a pacemaker within the hour (but he didn't say which hour).Apparently there was an outbreak of chest pains in Marin on Wednesday afternoon.  They had to park five of them on gurneys in the ER hallway -- no more beds available.  When they started taking them ahead of me into the operating room, I said,"Hey, I'm waiting first."They were polite to me but I think my complaint did not have the desired effect.Finally, two hours later they took me into the Cardiac Catheterization room.  I looked around, it compares favorably to the busier procedure rooms at Kaiser San Francisco.They gave me a good dose of sedatives, and then it was all done.  I got a booklet that says my pacemaker is about the size of two silver dollars stacked one upon the other, with a couple of wires stuck into my heart.The booklet also says one night in the hospital is enough and within six weeks I should be certified to resume all activities -- except kick boxing and cage fighting.And one more thing, Obama, Kaiser Senior Advantage is as good as it gets. Full Five Stars.
<review# 993,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2010,5/18/2010,86,345,3,7,4>If I updated my Hacienda review as many times as I've dined there, I'd surely have like 400 reviews by now. If you are looking for Mexican food in Sonoma, this is the only place to consider. Quick, efficient service. Really yummy, consistent food. Now they have a full bar. Woo hoo! And the self serve salsa area is always a plus. The horchatas delicious and they have a decent selection of beer and spirits. Reasonable prices. Hacienda is an A+ in my book every time.
<review# 994,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/7/2009,5/17/2010,155,397,4,6,4>My biggest hang up with this place is the cost. I don't think it quite deserves the hefty price tag for what you get but it is delicious and I have never been disappointed in the 4 or 5 times I have been here.Just came back today from a beautifully delicious swiss cheeseburger with a stack of fabulously perfect onion rings. Their onion rings are cooked to perfection in a light batter that is crunchy and delicious!The service has always been good and prompt. Overall I just think if everything was about $2-3 cheaper per menu item then I would be gold and this place would be 5 stars. OH! AND they have a stout right now that I NEED to try, some kind of crazy raspberry chocolate espresso flavor. Crazy combo. Next time for sure. Not with grandma though, which was the visit this time.
<review# 995,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2009,5/16/2010,163,290,2,9,5>It's always a daunting task to find a new physician after your work switches plans on you!I looked on yelp, I looked into Marin IP's, looked into Dr. Robinson's history and reviews and could not be happier. The office has serene decor, and a great staff. I was seen in a timely manner, and Dr. Robinson made me feel at ease. It is nice to have found a new doctor close to home who is empathetic, caring and professional, having an easy manner about him. He is now our family Doc!
<review# 996,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2009,5/15/2010,19,45,2,8,4>I worked at an Italian cafe for a few years in Seattle, and after moving down to the bay area it's been difficult to find sandwiches that compare - however, Mangia e Bevi's parma did the job. I have never seen that much prosciutto on a sandwich before! I didn't even touch the chips I got to go with it because it was so filling. Very clean, very nice service. Not overly friendly, but timely and nice. Definitely excited to add this place to my lunch time repertoire.
<review# 997,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2009,5/14/2010,157,259,3,3,3>I am a total brunch snob.  For example, I've sent my eggs back when they were overpoached.  The wait for a table shouldn't exceed 15 minutes. Service shouldn't be slow or rude.  Above all, the food needs to be good and interesting.The Dipsea was actually going to get a 4 because it can get very busy and the service a little behind.  I rethought that and bumped it to 5 stars because the food is reliably tasty and fresh, the staff is pleasant, atmosphere nice, prices decent, and they rotate their specials frequently.  They have about 5 different benedicts that are great, as well as good fish and chips.One drawback is the parking lot on busy days.______________July 2010 Update: when you have the choice between toast or a biscuit, choose the biscuit.
<review# 998,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2009,5/13/2010,62,208,4,5,4>After seeing all the wonderful reviews and being right next door getting my H1N1 vaccine, I had to get an early lunch. At the door was a sign with all specials. I spotted the Pastrami Grill - Lean Hickory Smoked Pastrami, grilled ( no bell peppers ) & onions, Swiss, olive tapenade, house made thousand island dressing - hot pressed on Rye Bread. For an appetizer I had the Chocolate Ganache Apricot cake. A little dry but very good and would definitely order it again. So.......after the cake came my sandwich. This sandwich was one of the BEST I have had!!!! No shortage of meat, cheese, onions or olive stuff and the thousand island dressing pulled it all together. Oh........and a side of pickles. They were awesome too.To bad they did not have longer hours.
<review# 999,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2010,5/12/2010,307,201,4,5,5>We strolled in here without rsvp for my birthday as it was on a Monday this year : ) It was our first dinner experience there, and as always, Le Garage did not fail to impress us.We were seated promptly, the waiter explained their special of the evening, and when we ordered a cheese plate to start, he helped us pick a good wine to pair with the cheeses.My husband was floored with the cheese plate.  "Assiette de Fromage - Petit Billy (goat), Abbaye de Belloc (sheep), Le Demon du Midi (cow) served with Marshall's Farm natural honey, date cake, and quince paste"The goat cheese was paired with honey, and it was orgasmic.  The Abbaye de Belloc  was paired with a fruit jam/cube (to come to think of it I do not know if this was date cake or quince paste?) that went together nicely.  And lastly, the Le Demon du Midi was paired with a handful of roasted pistachios.  That one was good too, but our favorite was the goat/honey combo.We then got our main dishes.  My husband got the duck confit and I got the clams.  His duck confit fell off the bones, and had such complex flavor, with white emergo beans, chorizo, frisée and poached quince with a pippin apple gastrique.  My clams were cooked with great broth, with some chorizo and other interesting flavors with a side of toasted bread with spicy, garlicy aioli on top.  The serving was hefty!! I believe there were a good 30 clams in there... and all were delicious and perfectly de-sanded, except from just a couple of grainy things I caught, which looked more like chipped off pieces of shells.  These dishes were again paired with great glasses of wine.  I also ordered a side salad, which again were delicious, however if I had known that the portions would be so generous, I probably would have skipped the salad and left room for dessert instead ; )We left the place relaxed and satisfied.  I am so glad to have such a consistently great venue so close to our home!  I see that they are offering a Valentines day pre-fixe too... we just may come back for that as well!  Always great food, always excellent service : )
<review# 1000,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2009,5/11/2010,90,172,6,7,6>Three words:pecan.sticky. bun.@ $4+ it's worth every penny, but get there early (by 10 am at least) or else you'll be leaving bun-less and hanging your head.
<review# 1001,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2009,7/29/2009,34,17,6,5,8>If cupcakes had their own slice of the Food Pyramid, we'd come here every day. As it is, my kids and I come every couple of weeks, and are having Karen make the treats for an upcoming birthday party (complete with custom flamingo decoration on top!). From start to finish, the Frosting experience is delightful. Clear and appealing signage, spacious store, nice layout and display elements. Very friendly and accommodating team, particularly Karen who obviously loves her business, bringing these delectable delicacies to her customers. Don't be put off by the low traffic; much of their business is conducted behind the scenes, catering for parties and other events. Cupcakes are made daily and always fresh.Recently, they've added more gifty impulse items, very colorful and, if a little pricey, certainly not out of character with this area. I like giving my kids a choice between a cupcake and a fun party favor when we visit. The cupcakes themselves are perfect for our tastes -- any bigger, and (A) my kids wouldn't be able to finish them anyway and (B) I would feel guilty about going as often as we do. (Compare the now-departed Lollipop on Miller, which had larger, chilly, less tasty cupcakes... larger is not necessarily better value or better confection.) Other reviewers have pointed out the wide variety, and I'd like to add that each variety has not only its own flavor, but its own specific texture and mouth-feel. The coconut cupcake -- my fave -- has coconut milk baked right into the cupcake, I think, and is nutty and satisfying with a very light whipped topping sprinkled with shredded coconut. The cookies & cream variety -- my kids' favorite -- has moist white cake and an almost gritty frosting (much like the ice cream of the same name), with actual cookies top and bottom. The key lime was light and tart, and there are noticeable differences between the chocolate cake bases of others -- velvety and rich, cocoa-y, or deep and devilish, depending on the cupcake you choose. The cake bites are visually appealing but the few I've tried had a uniformity of texture that makes them not as appealing to me. And we have only tried one frosting shot -- they key lime, just to see what it was all about. My kids are more cake eaters than frosting fans, but I can see how a little cup of frosting might be a fun treat!Most important to me, the customer experience has been top notch every time. Karen and her team welcome comments and suggestions, often involve customers in decision-making, and so clearly love what they do that it is a pleasure to visit. They have a small seating area and with milk to wash down our cupcakes, we would spend a happy half hour people-watching and chatting.Two chocolatey thumbs up for Frosting in Mill Valley!
<review# 1002,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2009,7/28/2009,170,264,1,9,10>The owner of Little Piggy, Tina, is very nice and definitely aims to please when asked to make her cupcakes to order for special events.She was very accommodating when she requested prepayment, but I didn't have time to run a check or cash over to farmers' market or Little Piggy headquarters in Terra Linda. Tina set up a PayPal account and we were right as rain.The minis were a big hit at a 3-year-old birthday party with the kids. I'd like to try them again for an adult party now that there are so many more flavor options.Little Piggy Cupcakes are boasted as organic, but I'd double-check especially when ordering the red velvet. They were very red as red velvet should be, but when I've used organic dyes, they tend to look very dull in comparison.Hop on the cupcake craze and put Little Piggy Cupcakes to the test!
<review# 1003,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2009,7/27/2009,438,66,11,15,14>There are some good times to be had here!  Kyotos is one of two prominent Japanese places in Ropo...I would have to say that its also my favorite place in Rohnert Park for sushi. Their sushi selection is pretty large and can also be paired up with different dinner combos...The service at Kyotos is also another great part of Kyotos. Most of the servers I've had here have been sooo friendly and fun!  Sooo...If you're looking for something besides burritos in Rohnert Park...This may just be your saving grace!
<review# 1004,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2009,7/26/2009,45,118,5,6,5>Robert is a total rockstar.  He and his wife, Elaine, know Petaluma intimately, have been here for a long while (long enough to know whether that wall was original to the house!), and know exactly what to do to help first timers navigate the weird world of REOs and short sales.  The key things that make him five-star:- Knows EVERY neighborhood- Doesn't waste your time with places you aren't going to like - scouts them out, gets your feedback.- Doesn't let you miss something he thinks you WILL like - even if you think it's not going to be good, trust him.- He and Elaine are all about education - they go over all the stuff you need to know, point out janky heaters, explain weird counter offers, make you feel prepared.  You'll never feel like something is getting out of hand, or drifting off course.- He's got range - doesn't matter if you're entry-level or working on your sixth income property, fixer or fancy.- He is a no-nonsense closer with nerves of steel.  You want the place, you've got the money, he'll make it happen.  He stuck by us for what seemed like an eternity dealing with a bank (the seller), and when I was beginning to despair, he pulled off a 9th inning miracle.When you're ready, call them up.Wasn't kidding about the rockstar bit either.  He is an actual rocker.
<review# 1005,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2008,7/25/2009,248,493,11,13,11>A good crab cake can make you or break you. Everyone's got it on the menus, but few really know how to succeed in the cake of crab. How many have you had that are too wet, too chewy, too dry and just suck as a food? Yeah, there should be like Government regulated requirements for these or somethin. Way too many are masquerading as the Real Thing. I had the Sabor crab cake today with not a discouraging word to say of it. Moist inside with lumps of crab, onion and herbs, crispy outer shell with a dollop of spicy/cool sauce on the top. THAT'S a crab cake.The star of the show? The bacon wrapped dates. Yeah, sounds like not much, but these are fucking awesome. 1 date, pitted + toasted almonds to fill the hole the pit left + a nice piece of bacon = bite size greatness. Ladies are beautiful culinary professionals with a good thang going. I want another date. Maybe 3. I want a platter of those dates. Now.
<review# 1006,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2008,7/24/2009,16,60,5,7,7>My boyfriend and I were originally in San Rafael to go to Rafters. After discovering they have closed down, we walked through downtown looking for a place to eat. We ended up back at our car, which was parked right in front of Napoli. We went to look at the menu hanging in the window and two of the guys said "Come on in! We're still open!" How could we turn that down? The waiter was extremely attentive, as was the rest of the staff. The owner (dad) would stop by to make sure everything was okay. His son brought us fresh baked herb rolls that are made by scratch daily. Delicious! For two dinners, a cannoli (sp?), tax, and tip the bill only came to $40. Well worth it! Amazing Italian food and service that you can't find anywhere else.We got to talking to the son and he told us they've only been open for 5 or 6 weeks. You never would have guessed...they really have their act together!
<review# 1007,isUSA=TRUE,2.0,12/26/2008,7/23/2009,175,39,6,8,6>Originally I gave Arrivaderrci 5 stars because I had an amazing meal there once, long ago. But every experience I've had since then has been unpleasant. The food is ok, if you love gluten and wine.My biggest problem there though is the overkill of unfiltered art. As an artist I was initially enamored with the art on the walls. But after contacting the art manager there realized there were all kinds of problems with the way he was handling the art and the artists. First of all the guy does not use a computer or call waiting, so it was very difficult to reach him. I have also had several artists tell me they would never show there because of the huge fees charged to show.  And a neighbor told me that they once bought a piece from Arrivaderci only to find out later from the artist that there was a 50% fee added to the original price of the art without the artists knowledge.  As far as the Art program there I would stay far away from showing and buying if you don't want to be ripped off.  As far as the food, take your chances.
<review# 1008,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2009,7/22/2009,133,206,6,10,8>Yum! Been here twice now -- for dinner and lunch -- and was entirely impressed both times.I typically order my Thai food "extra spicy" and often am disappointed by sub-spicy flavors -- but not here! The panang curry for dinner was quite hot but still maintained excellent peanut and coconut milk flavors.The chili-basil chicken is now a favorite lunch special. It was cooked to absolute perfection in a slurry of basil, chilies, ginger, and soy-based sauce. If you like fiery hot with a full depth of flavor, give this a try.The Tom Ka Gai soup is also absolutely delicious!For lunch, they serve a main dish of your choosing with rice and a small appetizer for $8. The appetizer is a fried wonton-like item with a small amount of potato filling that is quite sweet. This is interesting but in the long run, I'll probably prefer having option of a spring roll or something else.
<review# 1009,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2009,7/21/2009,2,18,2,4,4>Impressive!!!  Service and food was excellent.  We had octupus with chorizo, steak, brussel sprouts done up to wow anyone, tombo seared tuna, scallops, super delicious blueberry cheesecake, vin santo and delicious crusty bread with ever so fresh butter.  I'm being really brief with details becuase it was that wonderful.  And... the owner Sonia, is a charming little lady who came over and introduced herself as she checked in to see if everything was fine.
<review# 1010,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2009,7/20/2009,34,99,4,7,5>Solid 4-star restaurant.  More towards a cafe-style restaurant than a "classy sit down and eat fru-fru food" place.  Pretty trendy inside, I enjoyed looking around at the decor while I was waiting for my food.Stopped in for lunch one day out of curiousity b/c yelpers had such good things to say and I got the curried chicken wrap.  Yum!  A little curry, a little apricot chutney, fresh veggies - just the right balance of moist, savory and sweet.  It came with a side of coleslaw - and I was one of those who was like "it's coleslaw - how good can it be?"  But I was admittedly surprised and impressed - it's a blend of regular and red cabbage, slightly sweet and a bit of a kick (chili powder maybe?) and JICIMA!  I'm a sucker for anything with jicima  :)  It's light, crispy and wonderful.I definitely want to stop by another time and try one of hte noodle soups; and if you're in the north bay and looking for a quick, fusion bite, I'd recommend Cafe Zazzle in a hearbeat.
<review# 1011,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2013,12/26/2013,69,366,,6,3>A hidden gem in the heart of Sebastopol. The food was amazing, the owners (head chef and pastry chef) were there when we arrived and we got to talk with them extensively about the menu and their fantastic events (they have a beer dinner coming at the end of August). This is an exciting little place to eat, not to be missed!We ordered a caesar salad (great dressing), main course was steak with asparagus and mashed potatoes (steak was cooked PERFECTLY!), my wife had a soft shelled crab sandwich (which had an extremely fresh taste to it, surprisingly good for my taste buds!), and we shared an apple pie (a la mode) which had been baked earlier that day. You won't regret checking them out, you'll want to go back and take part in their wine/beer dinners... Try em' out!
<review# 1012,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2013,12/25/2013,38,174,,2,2>Was wandering around old downtown Mill Valley and checked the market out.  This is the place to go if you like interesting, delicious foodstuffs.  Great selection of meats, cheeses, wines, beers, breads, jams, you name it.  We got a roast chicken for dinner and also noted with delight that they have about a dozen varieties of marmalade.  This store is definitely a pillar of downtown Mill Valley.
<review# 1013,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2013,12/24/2013,97,98,2,3,4>Ok lindyhoppers, we were wrong! They don't bite! They are actually the most friendly and welcoming group of dancers I've met in 17 years of dancing. (For those of you that don't know west coast swing dancers are viewed as kinda snobby by other swing dancers) Atleast for this group they are definitely not. Now, don't get me wrong, they are exclusive to west coast. Don't come here and think you're going to do a lindybomb! That would be rude, disrespectful,  and they probably wouldn't be as friendly to you after that. I attempted to revive the west coast I learned around ten years ago and my lindy roots did show but everyone was patient and very kind. So, when in Rome atleast try to walk like a Roman.Tips:1) The lesson is really good. Kelly is funny, a great communicator, and very knowledgeable! 2) They do sell water for $1 a bottle if you forget your nalgene.3) Guys, bring a change of shirt and a hand towel! For some reason, I sweat more doing west coast than lindy. (Probably because I was nervous)4)Can't stress this enough, they are friendly and nice, but it is a west coast venue. Not lindy! (I love you guys though :) )5) Entrance is in the front above a loading dock. You can't see it frome the driveway, but it's in the front left corner.
<review# 1014,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2013,12/23/2013,104,103,4,3,2>this is my favorite sparkling house, I came here after a staff member at Bella wine caves said it was their favorite sparkling house and highly recommended it. As you can tell by my other reviews I love Bella so off I went. To get here it might look like you are about to drive off a cliff, you aren't trust your GPS.It is a lovely tasting room outside with AMAZING views, as well as fans and heaters. The sparkling here is yummy and they have so many different types, they also have a rich history here as well. I recommend doing the sparkling only flight as I am not a fan or their pinot but that is just me, my dad came and LOVED it.
<review# 1015,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2013,12/22/2013,83,446,,9,4>We've returned to this restaurant 3 times in the past week and a half. Their nan is still as outstanding as when they opened (still my favorite of all time). My favorite entree is dal mixed up with an order of rice. The rosewater lassi is also the best lassi ever. The veggie samosas were extra good with a nice fresh indian salsa on top. The Goan fish curry was appreciated by my husband, and both the mulligatawny soup and lentil soup with chicken were deliciious. The palak chana was delicious as well. The chicken-rice and also the veggie Brianyi are fantastic.I have recently given up dairy and they were able to make dishes for me that are normally dairy with coconut milk. That's a huge plus. All this, and a nice atmosphere and excellent servers as well. They have 2 gas fireplaces and it was nice sitting in front of one last night as it was chilly out.All in all, I can easily see why they're 4 1/2 stars on Yelp, Zagat rated and Michelin recommended.Yum!!!
<review# 1016,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2013,12/21/2013,30,66,2,2,2>I've only been to Ike's a few times but each time have found myself entranced by the names on the sandwich board...and by the sandwiches themselves! My favorites? The Paul Reubens and The Name of the Person I'm Currently Dating (or We're Just Friends). Get the Dutch Crunch and extra dirty sauce - just make sure to load up on the napkins too! Oh....and any place that gives you a free sandwich for your birthday is pretty alright!
<review# 1017,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2013,12/20/2013,142,267,,7,1>On our way to work a week ago, we noticed that the Boca Steak restaurant is now called Boca Tavern.  We both loved the restaurant, but was intrigued to see the transformation and was excited that they have lunch hours.  We finally made it today and was thrilled this "new" addition to the restaurant scene in Novato.We were impressed with how quickly we were served (important criteria for weekday lunch) and thought the Rib Eye French Dip with duck fat fries (!) was superb!  We also had the Grilled Salmon Nicoise which was good though served on a flat plate which I did not feel appropriate for a salad.  Service was friendly and attentive even if we were the only ones opting to eat indoors (everyone else were enjoying the lovely patio outside).  The entire meal, from the time we parked to the time we are pulling away from the restaurant, took 50 minutes and we did not feel rushed - it helps that they have parking I guess.The entire bill for two with iced tea came to $31 (without tip).  Great value.  We will miss the old place, but somehow I think this new affordable Boca will see more of us more often!
<review# 1018,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2013,12/17/2013,12,49,,2,1>Trevors is a great local bar! The bartenders run a tight ship and are very professional. They are fast and efficient. The drinks are very fairly priced and excellent wine. The place is clean and love the popcorn machine and jukebox. People are super friendly to anyone no airs in this place. Reminds me of another fav place PJ Clark's in NYC!!!
<review# 1019,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2013,12/16/2013,120,109,,1,1>Been going here about once a week since I was first introduced a few months ago and have never had a bad experience. Yes, we may wait up to half an hour for a table, but totally worth it. Personally, I like the crowds and how you will always run into someone you know on any given night. I'm not sure if the beers make the food taste better or vice-versa, but everything is always delicious. I love that they're open later and gives us an alternative to Denny's at midnight. I've just moved into the area and feel like I really should explore the other breweries more, but I've been hooked. Russian River has changed my perception of beer.
<review# 1020,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2013,12/15/2013,62,113,3,2,2>Every Sunday in my childhood consisted of Tans infamous pink box. Filled to the brim with maple bars, chocolate eclairs, sprinkles, cinnamon rolls, apple fritters etc.Tans has the best donuts. Seriously. I have been in a pinch before and have strayed to other donut homes, but all have fallen far below par when compared to Tans.I know what I'm getting when I get donuts here. They are consistent and delicious beyond all compare. The best part about Tans is that their customer service is even sweeter than their sugar glazed donut.This place was my favorite when I was a kid, and it remains to be to this day. I love you Tans!
<review# 1021,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2011,5/16/2012,13,47,3,6,4>We love this place!  We do not often have a reason to be in Novato but we just found a very good one!My wife works in Petaluma so we were heading back down to San Anselmo, recently, and realized that this would be a perfect opportunity to visit a restaurant that we had meant to dine at for some time now.  We were not disappointed.Handy parking on the street right outside the restaurant was a very good start.  Prompt, friendly service, soothing and smart decor, and amazing smells coming from the already crowded tables kept the momentum going.An excellent menu of mouth-watering selections, with a prevalence for organic ingredients and plenty of vegetarian and vegan options had us browsing for quite a while.  The restaurant manager assured us that we should take our time.The Navarro Pinot Noir is a sure thing. Not the most expensive Pinot in the world but it comes with a full flavor and has been consistently good over the past three-four years.We made our way through kabuli naan, veggie samosas, malai kofta, tandoori prawn masala and plentiful brown rice.  Desserts were offered but we simply could not manage them.If you are looking for excellent Indian food with great service in a welcoming atmosphere, make the trip to Anokha in Novato (conveniently located in the downtown area). You will happy that you did.
<review# 1022,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2012,5/15/2012,9,31,4,31,7>I'm a bit stunned by the negative opinions expressed here by those who were turned down for adoption by Milo Foundation.  In no case is there a clear description of the specific reasons that were given for rejection.  Instead, there is just the defensive rationale that "I would have been a good owner."  Understandable.  But these reviews are one-sided and unfair.Here was my experience with Milo.  After the sudden death of my old dog due to a heart attack, I was heartbroken and not sure about adopting a new dog.  I started looking at the Milo website just to see how it felt.  Milo has a pretty good website that is fairly up-to-date - not perfect, but pretty good, especially considering it's relies so heavily on volunteers.  I also learned that a lot of dogs on the website are fostered, so they're not necessarily available if you just drop in at the center.  So if you see a dog you like on their website or petfinder.com, I recommend you call them to find out if the pet is available for meeting.I don't quite understand people who negatively describe Milo as "hectic" and "disorganized."  Of course they are!  They have many animals to take care of, and walking into one of the kennel rooms is cacophonous.  My wife and I met quite a number of dogs.  It was on our fourth visit that we found the one we wanted - Lola, a precious 6-week-old pitbull-boxer mix.  As I had completed an application on my first visit (they require this before they allow you to visit with a dog in order to ensure that you're serious), the adoption process went incredibly smoothly.  They wanted to understand what kind of situation the dog would be in, and none of their questions were inappropriate.  Although my wife and I both work, Lola goes to doggie daycare, where she gets to play all day, go on two long walks, and not get left alone for 8-9 hours a day. She has access to a safe, fenced back yard.Here's the real deal, folks - Milo takes in an incredible number of dogs and cats from other counties where they would be euthanized.  They take animals with horrendous health problems and rely on their volunteers to help bring these animals back to health.  For all of their "faults," they are an amazing organization.  For people to say not to deal with them because they were turned down - or they didn't like the tone of the refusal - says a lot about pettiness.  Who are those reviews really hurting?  Milo?  No.  They hurt the animals who need homes.You want pleasantries and no questions asked?  Go to a breeder or a pet store and have a perfectly nice experience with somebody who is more than happy to sell you a dog.  That's not Milo.  Milo takes their rescue seriously.  You may not like their policies, but those are based on what they believe is doing right by those animals.As for Lola, she turns 1 next month.  She's a healthy, incredible, friendly, and loving companion, and I'll always feel blessed to have her.  Please give Milo a chance - so many people there are devoting their lives to saving animals, and they deserve your consideration.
<review# 1023,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2012,5/13/2012,11,45,,2,2>Michael produced some amazing headshots and group shots for our company website.  Everyone looks stunning - and in an office full of women you know he's good when everyone loves the way they look in the pictures!  He has a great eye - I would recommend him to anyone looking for a quality photographer.
<review# 1024,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2009,5/12/2012,3,11,,2,1>Peri Park is a great place for kids to go to play.  It's also a great place for the community to hold events at, as there is a stage there.  Beautiful redwood groves, and a creek running through.
<review# 1025,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2009,5/11/2012,47,68,,6,2>Kay Poole with Pet Patrol is awesome! When I lived in Larkspur, she cared for my senior citizen cat while we vacationed or had to be away. He needed extra care because he was Diabetic. Our initial meeting involved Kay meeting me and my cat at our home. She had me fill out an extensive questionnaire. I could tell it was very important to her to get to know the animal before she would be caring for him. We used her for 3 years, multiple times a year. She always did a wonderful job. When we were away we knew our cat was receiving excellent care. I'm sad we can't use her after moving north a bit. We are out of her service area. We have added a puppy to the family and still haven't found someone like Kay to care for  our animals! She's a little pricey compared to a kennel or boarder, but it is worth it to have your pet in it's normal comfortable environment, and someone checking on your home daily while you are away. She's also bonded and insured.
<review# 1026,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2012,5/10/2012,147,287,5,5,6>Rough day? Dying of thirst? Pop in here and Raven will fix you right up. It's a little cramped in here, but decent beer selection, enjoyable cocktails, and a rockin' happy hour.
<review# 1027,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/5/2011,5/9/2012,90,177,9,5,4>The YAY: Nice location, right next to the ferry station, awesome place to stop and grab a brewski before or after a Giants Game. Chinese Chicken Salad, a little different but unique taste. Along with their salad, they offer very generous portions on all their plates. The garlic fries, bomb. Outdoor seating, is awesome. The NAY: The beer selection SEEMS awesome when they hand you the menu, although I found that the menu describes each beer they have ever sold there, but they only offer about 10 beers at a time. Lame.While a few of their dishes are delicious, some are just meh. The waitress we had last kept forgetting everything we ordered or asked for and was constantly coming back to reassure herself. I guess it's better than bringing us the wrong beer or dish but maybe lay off the weed before work? Just a thought!
<review# 1028,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2011,5/8/2012,2595,287,4,29,4>Went here for lunch buffet, also amazing.You can't fail here, really everything here is good.I tried the mango lassi, which is a creamy yougurt based drink, and it was cold and refreshing on a hot day, and really complimented the spicy chicken dishes they serve.Don't forget the kheer ! :)
<review# 1029,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2011,5/7/2012,63,158,7,5,3>Torch of India completely earned their fifth star this time! My sis and I were actually trying to give Sizzling Tandoor another shot, by buying a groupon for lunch buffet for two. That's right, I said Sizzling Tandoor. We made the trip downtown, scrounged in our purses to find change for the parking meter, got seated....and then failed. No buffet on Saturdays! I, for one, strongly believe that Indian food is best served buffet style. We decided not to eat there because of it. This is where Torch of India comes in. We left our car parked, and walked ONE MINUTE AWAY to Torch of India and their Saturday buffet. Done and done. Two minutes, and we were eating. And it was oh-so-delicious! Garlic and regular naan, hot and fresh, amazing flavors in their food, and their service is perfection. We could also see into the kitchen, and it was exceptionally clean. Highly recommended!
<review# 1030,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2012,5/6/2012,155,397,,1,2>It is pretty tough to beat a delicious glass of wine at an affordable cost.  This place serves up ambiance with their lovely story all around and approachable wines.  It is centrally located in downtown Healdsburg and tastings are free.Their sparkling wines are inexpensive and simply delightful.  The Risque label is ADORABLE!  Love this place!!
<review# 1031,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2008,8/20/2008,192,96,11,26,24>In March, I wanted to throw a surprise party for my husband, and I had no idea how to pull off such a feat.  Luckily, Stephanie, one third of the fab trio that runs Atelier Joya, is my friend, and she came to the rescue.  She helped coordinate and plan my party, with another friend, to make sure the event went off without a hitch.  When I arrived at my house, she had turned it into a red themed paradise, with a few signature drinks, great snacks, and amazing music.  I would not have been able to do it without her.  I can only imagine the amazing things Stephanie, along with her business partners, would be able to create.  I am searching for an excuse to have another party so that these creative ladies can help turn my crazy ideas into reality.
<review# 1032,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2008,8/19/2008,176,249,7,6,6>My wife and sister, possessing, perhaps, more refined visual sensibilities than I, were a little, uhm, not *upset,* not *discoboulated,* just a little perturbed at the plates of  clashing color and design patterns laid out on our table settings as we sat down.I, being one who is more focused on the olfactory-taste-bud-stimulation experience of an eating establishment, did not find the color-design clash perturbing at all.. even when it was pointed out to me..(it *had* to be pointed out to me)..I *did* find Arawan's curry plate with the mango-chicken.. mmmm.. good and doled spoonfuls and spoonfuls of the stuff over my brown rice. My sister.. a Sausalito house boat resident and a semi-regular of this place confessed that despite their clashing place settings.. the Curried Salmon plate is what keeps her coming back..If they ever *did*  bother to provide matching place settings, and redesign the interior as opposed to the cheap route they go now.. you can be sure that the menu prices would rise also..
<review# 1033,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2007,8/18/2008,79,142,5,5,6>I was extremely nervous about trying on wedding dresses and have been putting it off for a few months.  I'm not a girly girl (see my review of the 53rd and 6th Halal Cart; I also wore my engagement ring on the wrong hand for an entire week before consulting Wikipedia -- where the hell was I supposed to learn that, anyway?).  Prancing around in front of three-way mirrors is not something that comes naturally to me.Enter Cassie, who was down-to-earth, supportive, and just plain cool about everything.  She walked through all the different lines and what they tend to emphasize and assumed no previous mastery of advanced bridal vocabulary.  She made it a fun, no-pressure experience.  I'm definitely glad my friend and I made an appointment, though.  I had no idea I would end up spending a total of two hours... prancing around.In addition to offering a good range of wedding dresses, especially some of the less standard/traditional ones, Shadows also has a ton of unique vintage jewelry.  Super, super cool.
<review# 1034,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2008,8/17/2008,44,214,3,4,3>There's something about listening to travel tales of Italy while eating Italian food that makes the experience that much more enjoyable. This is especially true when eating good food and hearing about good food: A whirlwind tour of Italy that included the culinary delights of Bologna.We enjoyed the food at Cucina:- a nice bruschetta with chopped tomatoes- stuffed mushrooms- a fig salad with goat cheeseI had breaded chicken cutlets served on a bed of wilted greens. Delicious. There was so much I would've been a smart guy to share it with my gf and two friends.The prices were surprisingly reasonable. We learned that it was a rarity to be able to just stroll in on a Saturday night. Luck was on our side.Good atmosphere, good food, and great company.
<review# 1035,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2008,8/16/2008,248,493,7,6,6>Food to go? CheckBakery goods for the Sweet tooth? Check.Pull up a chair and eat option? Check.Comforts is more than I thought it would be, and I had some high hopes. It's a big airy building full to the brim of all the foods that you dream about. You pretend to be completely under control and nonchalant when gazing in their deli case, at their cookies, bars and cakes and especially as you drool at the food being brought out to the people who had their act together faster than you and have already ordered. Bastards.I have been wanting to try Comforts for like 3 years. What the hell, why did it take so freaking long? Who knows, but let me tell you - now that I have gone, I will get back at ANY chance I get. Sunday. Brunch Day. And apparently bring your designated Old Person to Comforts day. Seriously. Not a problem. They all eat oatmeal, so my chicken salad would be nice and fresh. I had heard stories of this salad, stories so great that I was sure they could only be legend. Let me tell you. Santa is a legend.The Chicken Salad. Not. The hitch-hiking bride who's been dead 50 years? Legend. The Chicken Salad. Not. Light, fresh, citrus-y greatness. Sesame seeds, toasted almonds, and chicken chicken chicken. No sweet, sticky dressing. Just fresh, clear wholesome flavors shining through your salad greens. This and a cup o'chili were my lunch and I couldn't have been happier.  The chili was the freshest brightest tasting chili I have ever had. A combination of stewed and fresh tomatoes, black beans, fresh green onions and white cheddar. So great.My Mom (yes, I brought MY Mom too, I so copied everyone in the damn place) got the corned beef hash. She loves a hash and this one did not make her feel any different. Toasted sourdough and 2 fried eggs with the red potato chunky beef hash was cleared from the plate. Our waiter was the guy from the picture on the website, he's awesome. Quirky, interesting and seasoned, he's part of what makes Comforts what it is, ans that is something great in this pretentious, snobby town. We stopped for some goods for the Grandma on the way out, who could pass up 2 individual carrot cakes? Not this Girl. Thumbprint jam cookies for my Ma and me and we were on our way.The cookies. Thick little rounds of perfect cookie rolled in crisp walnuts  with a little raspberry jam bowl. Buttery wondrous flavor - comforting, you might say.I was Comfortable at Comforts, perhaps the pants slightly less comfortable...
<review# 1036,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2008,8/15/2008,302,447,3,2,5>Despite what some may say/think this place has terrific food! Back when I was a meat eater I would order the Benedict & hash combo, the best damn corned beef (which BTW is Irish) hash and eggs Benedict that I ever had. Yes there are Mexicans that run the food you eat and they do a damn good job with it. I have never had anyone cough on my food, the place is always packed, tightly packed (sardine can comes to mind) but I have never had my table stink literally..All in all, I love the place and honestly - I think I may go there tomorrow...today....in about 7hrs LOL
<review# 1037,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2007,8/14/2008,199,169,4,7,8>I give it 4 stars, not 5 bc I think it's slightly over-priced for what it is, but it is nonetheless good stuff. Our server was very friendly.  Someone came by the right amount of times to see if everything is ok/refills. The chicken skewers were super tender! The beef ones were good, nothing to write home about though.  The bacon wrapped shrimp stuffed with jalepenos and cheese were excellent, although i don't think I found the much awaited cheese. Anyway, there are great views, outdoor seating I imagine is superb when the weather is nice, they have heaters out there, so it's prob alright during the chillier months as well.  Great if you want to go to an actual Mexican restaurant and not just a taqueria. Plus, the neighborhood is sweet and could be a great date place.  There is a firepleace inside too.  My friend said they are usually packed and even that we might not get a table bc we might need reservations. We got a table just fine, but for future reference, do make reservations and for a date ask to sit next to the fireplace if it's cold and at night and ask for a window seat if it's daytime and warm. Although the views are amazing near the window at night too....you guys figure it out, but just a heads up about the "good" tables.
<review# 1038,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/22/2008,8/13/2008,250,724,3,5,4>Downtown Tiburon is so close to San Francisco, but such a world away. I traveled the short distance across the GG bridge and ended up in a woodsy and beautiful area. The whole ambiance of the area makes you feel like you are on vacation, its so clean and well kept. So onto the restaurant review... we arrived for a midweek dinner out at Servino, after randomly selecting it cause it was one of a few restaurants still open at 9. (Those small towns, they always shut the party down early.) After being seated quickly we had a view of the bay, kind of. Well, we had a view of the sides of boats in the bay. We ordered the Affettati, or meat plate, to start with and I stuck with the Italian theme and enjoyed a Moretti. The meat was very good and I loved the olives that complimented it. I wish there would have been more crostini, but the bread that came at the beginning served a similar purpose. For my main I had a "lazy man's salad" - Insalada Cremosa - with gorgonzola and pancetta. It was very good and refreshing. My date for the night had the margarita pizza and it has a great thin crust and was good as well. Tiburon is such a fun place to visit if you need a night away from the city. Servino was a fun place to try with good food and friendly service.
<review# 1039,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/22/2008,8/12/2008,113,264,5,8,7>We came here on a tip that all the hot North Bay folks hang out here during brunch.  We just wanted to have a look-see.Well, what a disappoint when we find out the "scene" is actually senior citizens with their mom jeans and families with their kids running about.  I think we came on the wrong day... Ok on to the food... standard fair.  Nothing special, nothing out of the norm.  I can get an omelette or waffles in any diner for probaly $10 cheaper.  I settled with the Eggs Benedict, a dish as common as air, but one of which I don't really eat often.  Especially after reading "Kitchen Confidential".  (Bourdain basically says hollandaise sauce is not made to order and sits in some bucket and reheated.  That sounds like a bacteria party on the raw eggs yolks!)Well anyways, the sauce actually came out pretty damn stellar!  Rich and lump free... super buttery!  And that ham was not some cold cut lookin' slice with that gnarly rind.  Even that surprised me.  But my friends' egg dishes seemed a little on the dry side.  Not a restaurant I'd come hopping back to.Service was prompt.  Always had my coffee refilled.  But eww I had a really dirty spoon... actually all the flatware had water stains.I'd say Sam's is pretty great place during the summers when you come for the rays and the view.  Food is good albeit a little uninventive... that's forgiveable when you can look out into the Bay.
<review# 1040,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2008,8/10/2008,87,152,8,7,5>Well done!  Freshest Sushi place in Marin.  The rolls are creative and tasty.  Sashimi is just real fresh.  Did I say that already?  It's worth mentioning it again because many sushi places just don't cut the wasabi when it comes to raw and cooked fish.  For me it becomes a mark of distinction for Sushi dining.  Service not up to speed with such high end eats.Special mention to the cod dish.  It was sooo freakin good.  It melted and lingered at the end of our meal.  I want to go back tomorrow but I need a raise first.  Be prepared to let go of money.
<review# 1041,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/26/2008,8/9/2008,262,294,14,13,10>I'm scared to even yelp this place because I feel like the couple who work here will come after me. Or worse -- they'll take even longer than usual making the next sandwich I order from them.Or worse yet -- they'll call me even meaner names than they did the first time I went in here.Okay, okay. Let's be fair. The guy is just fine. But the woman -- do NOT catch her on a bad day. Do NOT have a difficult time deciphering their kindergarten-font menu. Do NOT drop your potato chips on the floor. And no, you don't have to do all these things in the same visit. Don't do ANY ONE OF THEM. EVER.She will insult you. To your face. And then smile. A Susan Lucci smile. Meeeaaannn...But she makes a damn good sandwich. So even after she called me "not so smart" for failing to notice that the Marin Supreme and the something-else BOTH have sprouts in them (I stupidly asked for the one veggie sandwich "with sprouts" -- KINDERGARTEN FONT, OKAY?), I still come back here repeatedly to take her abuse. And I'm still giving them three stars.But also know that she -- and her better half -- take about 15 minutes to make one sandwich with no line. So if you're gonna brave it, call ahead. And hold onto those chips.You've been warned.
<review# 1042,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2008,8/8/2008,209,211,8,6,9>I've had some really horrendous cuts.. I mean, nightmarish. There was the horror cut from the guy who I brought a picture of Charlize Theron to and then he botched up my cut by giving me bangs which were too short.  He should have just told me that my thick, brown, wavy locks were no match for Charlize's blonde, fine hair.The last cut I got was okay, but I don't think he was very used to cutting hair like mine (I was the only Caucasian girl in the salon).  I develped split ends shortly afterwards. Luckily, my Paris Salon hairdresser, Nina, took the time to talk with me for the first 10 minutes or so about why my last cuts didn't work for me, as she pointed to my jaw line and facial structure, and showed me why I'd been getting split ends since my last cut (wrong tools/hair cut for my hair texture).  She put some defined layers in and gave me a nice graduation from the front of my face towards my shoulders - beautiful shape and excellent execution.  A true artist!I'm even going to let Nina de-virginize my lovely locks with some red and blonde highlights.  I know, you other hairdressers are dropping your jaws right now.  Go ahead.  be envious.. be oh so envious...
<review# 1043,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2007,8/7/2008,108,294,2,3,3>This tiny burger joint is certainly a suburban gem.  Tucked among the shopping opportunities in Thrill Valley, Pearl's Phatburger's is a heart attack haven featuring all the oldies but goldies.  Hearty burgers topped with thick slices of tomato, cheese and lettuce.  Cooked to order, and I mean offering to cook it medium rare, which is rare for a burger joint, the hamburgers are quite delectable.  Certainly worth the elevated heart rate that will occur as a result as your heart copes with your narrowing coronary arteries.The onion rings and fries are good too, but the real kicker is the sweet potato fries.  Sweet potatoes are just like regular potatoes, but far more awesome.  cut them into strips and deep fry them and you have just created a greasy little slice of heaven there.  Pearl's are delicious, not too sweet but very tasty.  And finding them at a little burger joint is great too, most of the time you can only get them at a fancy steak place.The coconut malt I had was also delicious.  Not too thick, just right.Overall, very good, not too expensive at all considering the high quality of the food (but a little more pricey than your run of the mill burger place).  Definitely recommended if you find yourself milling around Mill Valley and in the mood for increased cholesterol levels.
<review# 1044,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2008,8/6/2008,100,150,7,6,8>I was going to keep this one a secret, but since J.P. already blew it, why not? (Love you Jess)What's not to love about having brunch here on a Tuesday and the bar being full of whiskey drinkers at  10:00 a.m.I am partial to waitresses in their golden years who insult me for putting my sauce on the side.Our lovely waitress kept calling me honey and sweetie muffin and then backhand me with a witty insult.  "Can I get you a warmer on your coffee, honey?""Would you like some more water, sweetie muffin?"Then she insulted me for putting my sauce and unbuttered bread on the side and turned to my mom and says, " At least one of you girls eats."She is my 75 year old doppleganger. Sweet with just a little bit sour.  Service =perfectFood = Hot DamnMy favorite is the Prosciutto Benedict with Fresh Tomatoes.View = keeps it interesting.exhibit A: man rowing a 12 pack of BUD back to his living barge in the canal, also at 10:00 a.m. on a Tuesday.Best Tables = outside, where every table has its own umbrella if you can't handle the rays.Best Brunch Drink = Ramos Fizz (try it, but don't ask what is in it.)Accepts = cash, check, charge, sarcasm, and witty comebacks.Hope to not see you there.
<review# 1045,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2008,8/5/2008,1632,440,2,4,7>T-bone was in town. He's kind of has an accent that makes him sound like a hick but he really isn't one, although he does love GUNS! Anyways, I suggested we head to go shooting. He was psyched, we decided to go to Bullseye after first trying to goto Jackson Arms, but they needed 24 hour notice. We called them up and reserved 3 lanes for our group of 7.When we arrived they didn't have the reservation, but luckily people started to leave the gun range (we arrived at 5pm on a Saturday). This was my first time shooting. It was scary. The guns were loud, it's kind of jarring when someone is blasting a powerful gun next to you. We ended up with 3 lanes, the range will rent you a bunch of different types of guns. You can see from the photos :). I learned that when you fire the 357 magnum there is a fire ball when the bullet is fired. Pretty wild. Tip: would recommend going with someone that's shot before. I wouldn't feel comfortable without having T-bone there.
<review# 1046,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/25/2008,8/4/2008,567,250,13,20,17>3.5 Stars.The fondue experience here is amazing. Mainly because the restaurant is in a historic brick kiln. Yup, that's right, they used to make bricks in this restaurant. You walk in and you feel like you just stepped into an underground hobbit world. Before you eat or after you eat, be sure to take a walk around to check out this dark maze of brick inferno.We were fortunate to be nestled in our own private table down Lover's Lane. It was cozy, private, and dimly lit. This is definitely a good place to go if you want some one on one time with your SO. Well, until the food arrives because then it's you, your SO, and the food. Not at all a bad arrangement. We decided to do the Big Night Out for $84. This is a four course meal for 2. You can individualize your meal according to the different fondues and food selections.1st course - Cheese Fondue - We had the Spinach Artichoke Cheese Fondue which is made with Fontina, ButterKase, and Buttermilk Bleu cheeses. The fondue was yummy! The "dippers" that they provide to dip into the cheese needs work. The bread quality was really awful. It was hard and tasted stale. The veggies were ok, but we had a little too much celery. Maybe some steamed broccoli or just more broccoli in general or a better selection of veggies.They also had green apples, I felt that red apples would have went better with this meal or just give me really great quality bread and I would be set with this delicious cheese fondue.2nd Course - Salad - My bf and I both had the California salad which was mixed baby salad greens, Roma tomatoes, walnuts and Gorgonzola cheese, with Raspberry BlackWalnut Vinaigrette Dressing. Was great, but not stellar.3rd Course - Fondue Fusion with Coq Au Vin. Fondue Fusion came with a sampler for two of Lobster Tail, Filet Mignon Medallion, Jerk Seasoned Sirloin, Vanilla Rum Chicken, Marinated Pork Tenderloin, Zesty Peppered Shrimp, Butternut Squash Ravioli, and Fresh Vegetables. I enjoyed cooking the medley of meat, seafood, and veggies over the pot of simmering Coq Au Vin. I thought it was good, but not excellent because the pieces are so small that you can't appreciate what you are eating. Maybe medley of different dippers is not a good idea. Probably the same type of meat would have been better. That way you can appreciate the quality and really taste what you are eating.4th Course - Dessert! - Chocolate Fondue - My favorite part! My bf and I love dark chocolate, so we decided to skip over all the fancy chocolate combinations and go for the pure dark chocolate. It came with a medley of Fresh strawberries, bananas, cheesecake, tasty marshmallows,pound cake and brownies. These were all very small pieces, so there were tons of yummy dark chocolate left over. Disappointed! This would have been better if you could choose your dippers, too.Overall: This is really a 3 1/2 star place. The stars are for the restaurant ambiance (historic brick kiln!), our wonderful server - Krystle, and the fondue itself. The "dippers" really need improvement in quantity and size.
<review# 1047,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2008,8/1/2008,5,49,4,5,4>Best roast beef sandwich EVAR? Yes, yes, and yes again.  I work in Sausalito and love this place.  I cruise in early in the morning pre-makeup with a cigarette still on my breath to grab myself a hot mocha and something sweet.  (so many sweets from which to choose!)  Then I'm back again for dinner to soothe my addiction - their roast beef sandwich with pickles, salt and vinegar chips, and a little piece of gourmet chocolate - gross, I am salivating just thinking about it.The staff is amazing and friendly, great with regulars.  Now that I'm recognized, I get tasty samplers and occasional discounts.  It really makes me feel great to go in there, very welcoming, and their selection can satisfy a wide variety of cravings - from chocolate to caffeine to fine cheese and crackers.Best is relaxing outside at the little table with a book and some potato salad, ogling the view.  I am always craving that. :)
<review# 1048,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2008,7/31/2008,62,167,3,8,5>Cute little inn and restaurant with a FANTASTIC view. Probably like many others, we happened upon this place while hiking at Muir Woods. It's basically a cabin-turned-inn/restaurant that has huge windows for looking out when sitting indoors for colder days, and also has a nice patio overlooking the entire Marin County. Luckily, it was a beautiful, warm, summer day, so we sat in for lunch on the patio. Service was provided by 2 ladies - the black lady was really nice and accomodating; the white lady not so much. We thought service was a bit slow, since we were starving from the hike, but the view makes up for it. Here's what we ordered and how they tasted: 1. Asian Pear Salad - delicious and refreshing. The walnuts are covered in curry powder, which was definitely unique and a great complement to the Asian pears. However, $10 is a bit pricey for a starter salad. 2.  Niman Ranch Burger (with cheese) - a delicious, enormous burger that's just the right amount of juicy. Nicely grilled, but the buns were a bit too crisp it scraped the roof of my mouth (ouch). $12 is decently priced for so much food.3. Croque Monsieur - pretty standard ham and cheese sandwich topped with an egg sunnyside up. It came out a bit dry, and the bread, again, was toasted a bit too crisply. $10 - again, decently priced for so much food. 4. Niman Ranch BBQ Pork Sandwich - The pork was a little dry, and the buns, again, were a little too crusty, but with the combination of the freshest coleslaw you will ever eat, and fresh-cut fries, it was a good combination. $9 - cheaper than any chain restaurant that doesn't have a view!In general, the food is alright but very reasonably priced. But the main attraction would definitely be the view. All in all, everything was GREAT, and I would highly recommend eating here.
<review# 1049,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2008,7/30/2008,103,336,3,3,2>3.5 stars, but I'm feeling generous today.I came here for lunch yesterday and sat at the counter.  I noticed the "People on Yelp Love Us" sticker and got excited for the food to come.  Boy are they super busy, even when I got there a little after 1pm.  Those waitresses sure know how to hustle.  I ordered a turkey club croissant sandwich with fries.  I saw the order come up (about 15 min later) and then another waitress takes the plate outside.  There's some confusion outside, then that waitress brings the food back in.  She asks my waitress, "This isn't sourdough for my customer.  Is this your order?"  She looks at it, then at me, and says yes, it's for me at the counter.  Ok.  So I take a bite and start chewing when it occurs to me that club sandwiches have bacon.  I ask the lady if I'm supposed to have bacon in my sandwich and she says yes.  Her eyes say, "Oh crap."  So they take my lunch away so the kitchen can put bacon in my sandwich.  I totally thought that the kitchen was going to cook me up some bacon so that it would be fresh and hot in my sandwich.  Nope.  The bacon that topped my sandwich was cold, hard and crunchy.  I picked it out because it made my sandwich not good.What was good were the french fries.  So hot and delicious!  And the croissant was soft and buttery.  The service was good too, although I think maybe they need to hire another person to help with the lunch crowd?  I also checked out their pastry section and learned that they make them there fresh daily.  I am not exaggerating when I say that the pastries are freakin huge.  Like Kai T. says - they are the size of your head!I would love to come back to try breakfast food.
<review# 1050,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2008,7/29/2008,103,21,3,4,3>This place makes me feel like its christmas everytime they bring me my food. Hands down the best breakfast I have ever had anywhere i have ever traveled. Everythign is always perfect, I love the waitors and they have the most amazing coffee on earth. I find myself having at least 5 cups. It is so easy to do a basic egg breakfast, but it is so hard to do it perfect and fluffy and with a touch of heaven. They have everything your little breakfast heart desires. I LOVE FREDS!!!!!!! The french toast is insane by the way, you never want it to end!
<review# 1051,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2007,9/6/2012,29,60,,1,1>I travel from San Rafael to take my dog here.  Everyone is so nice and loves all the animals that walk in.  They have someone that comes from UC Davis once a week to look over xrays, etc.
<review# 1052,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2012,9/5/2012,724,333,5,9,5>Just heard about 'Hey Mister's bar and grill' while I was at Monti's a couple nights ago. A well respected bartender, Linda, that works there and I knew at another place was at Monti's and told me about it. Seemed like she knew everyone. I love how the wait staff and bartenders move to different places and you can almost follow them - it's worth it if they're good enough. She is. So my friend and I went there tonight and was pleased to find 2 bar stools free. Julie was bartending this evening and she makes a great cocktail and has a sassy attitude - that I really enjoy. They have a great happy hour - $2 for all beers - domestic and imported! $3.50 for well drinks, and a nice assortment of appetizers for less than the menu. What's really great about this happy hour is it goes from 3pm - 7pm. Most Happy Hours in Santa Rosa end at 6pm. I don't know about you but I don't 'usually' start drinking at 3pm, so I appreciate that it goes a bit later. We had the fish taco's - fried cod w/ plenty of fresh veggie toppings, accompanied with jalapenos - you get 2 per order - quite delicious. Then we shared a serving of Pork Lumpia of all things - 6 are served - great size for a discounted appetizer and really good. I will be back to try the many other delights. They have a deal - one price for a cheeseburger with fries (good fries), a choice of 2 on a shot, AND a beer.
<review# 1053,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2012,9/3/2012,42,17,,2,1>I got an outline of a horse above my inner ankle. I had a great experience and it didn't hurt at all! The shop has a relaxing fun atmosphere and everyone is very welcoming. Lady Blair did my tattoo and she did a great job. Everything was sanitized and very clean. I can get addicted to this!*The next day my tattoo wasn't very red at all and is healing nicely. I'm very impressed and highly recommend Flying Colors Tattoo and Lady Blair!
<review# 1054,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2012,9/2/2012,4,7,2,6,3>We have waited so long for an authentic Indian food restaurant that is reasonably priced in Napa for so long!!! We have eaten here several times and have loved everything we have ordered. My favorite dish is the samosa chat starter. I am always full when I leave but some may think their portions are small. They have decorated / remodeled  the Old Adobe Building to accommodate this restaurant perfectly. It feel comfortable, service is excellent, food is served promptly, but best of all - it is absolutely delicious. So exciting for Napa!
<review# 1055,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2012,9/1/2012,7,26,1,2,1>Unless you live on the waterfront or in SF proper, it's pretty hard to get such incredibly fresh fish anywhere. Especially in Napa. The selection is limited, although from what I've seen, diverse. Today it was Petrale Sole, local halibut and Alaskan Halibut, jumbo scallops, ahi, and several others that I didnt' really take note of b/c I was actually there for ahi poke. If you've been to Hawaii, or have lived there and have had the poke which is abundant (they even have it at most grocery stores) and varietal, it's just something you crave. Of course, it's not something you find on every street corner on the mainland and I'm thrilled that Osprey offers it. Today they didn't have any made up but the man behind the counter told me if I'd wait, he'd make it for me...and he did....you can't get much fresher than that unless you're in Hawaii. And it's FABULOUS! Just exactly what I wanted. The store is IMMACULATE and they have a few other little items that will accent or accompany your fish on sale; Hawaii sea salt for one, which I was thankful for, b/c I realize I need it for something else and didn't think to buy it when I was in Hawaii. I'll definitely be back, probably tomorrow for some of those beautiful scallops! Such an asset to the community!
<review# 1056,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2012,8/31/2012,170,264,2,4,5>There's always something about the day before going out of town that makes me crazy. I like to leave with a clean(er) house, put a few things in the fridge for when I return, pack & get my errands done. A flat tire certainly isn't part of the plan. Thump. Thump. Thump. I stopped at the nearest gas station I filled up the tire with air only to hear a pretty powerful hissing leak & moved my car until I found the top of a huge screw glaring at me. Another errand was promptly added to my list.Luckily, I was in central San Rafael & having driven past Cain's a countless number of times, I knew right where to go. I pulled in, but there were a ton of cars in the lot, so I wasn't hopeful to get out of there any time soon.I was helped immediately & was told Cain's could patch the tire from the inside so it would be an excellent repair & cause me no problems. Wait time? Only about an hour. There is one of my favorite places for hard cider conveniently next door to Cain's, but knowing the amount I had to accomplish & not wanting to slow down myself any further, I walked the 4th Street strip instead. So much to see & do & that hour passed quickly.The repair was also very affordable. If I ever have another tire-related need, which hopefully I won't any time soon, I won't hesitate to revisit Cain's.
<review# 1057,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2009,8/30/2012,0,7,,2,2>My wife and two little girls (8 & 6) eat here regularly. Poncho is great as is his Tia. My 8 year old got separated from us in town one time and she went straight to Poncho's and asked him to call me. But we love the food too. Priced right for a family, easy to take out and a fun place to be. I live for the chile relleno and chicken enchilada combo, and yes I know that sounds common but it is good to the last bite. I support our local businesses but only if the food and service is good. It is here.
<review# 1058,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2011,8/29/2012,0,8,1,3,2>LOVE LOVE LOVE Prima Palate.  I love to meet a friend for a glass of wine and a nibble.  They always have extraordinary wine recommendations, I have never been disappointed.  Atmosphere is great, wish they could enlarge their bar to accommodate a few more people.  It is also a fantastic place to pick up gourmet nibbles.
<review# 1059,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2012,8/28/2012,45,39,,6,4>I had a very nice lunch at Lily Kai today.  The food is fresh, the staff is so nice and the atmosphere is warm and inviting.Today we shared pork buns then had lunch specials.  I had spicy basil shrimp and my friend had kung pao chicken.  My friend had a salad and I had an spring roll.  I'm really picky about spring rolls and this one was very good.  I tried my friends salad and the light sesame dressing was nice without being overpowering. We both had hot and sour soup.  The fresh mushrooms were a nice touch.  The soup was hot and sour but not too much in either direction.  Very nice.The spicy shrimp could have used a bit more spice but I think that was my fault.  I asked for it just a little spicy. The kung pao chicken was tender with just the right amount of heat.Everything was good and fresh..  The service is great and everyone working there was incredibly friendly.  To me that shows how happy they are to be there. We agreed that we'll be going back soon!
<review# 1060,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2012,8/27/2012,21,19,,2,1>Not sure where some of the negative reviews are coming from...maybe an off night?Anyway, I took my Mom to dinner here for her birthday...She is not a fan of an entire restaurant being drawn to the fact that it is her birthday, so we did not inform the waiter.  However, our waiter, Jeff, either sensed that it was a special occassion, or he is just really good...He went above and beyond to make our mother/daughter dinner feel special.  He was friendly and attentive without being OVERLY attentive...if that makes sense.Also wonderful, was the food. We started with the escargot, not usually my cup of tea AT ALL but is a favorite of my Mom...this escargot completely changed my mind.  It was really good.  As an entree, I had the sea bass and my mom had the filet mignon.  Both were really delicious and we polished them off.  Luckily, we managed to save a little room for dessert...We shared some delicious chocolate molten cake, to die for.  All in all, I am glad I decided to splurge a little for my Mom's birthday.  The whole dinner from the service to the food was really wonderful and left us with a night to remember.
<review# 1061,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2014,11/27/2014,2488,142,4,5,7>Danny's Vacuum Shop goes straight into my Yelp List, "My Village"! It is a business that I consider important to running my household and supports my community! Plus, Danny's is a locally owned and operated small business unique to Sonoma County!Contrary to the business name, the owner of Danny's Vacuum Shop in Rohnert Park is Keith! He bought this store from Danny many years ago!I have a wonderful, powerful upright vacuum cleaner manufactured by Sharp that is no longer made. This Twin Energy Sharp is a mah-va-lous powerhouse that has lasted me seventeen years and still runs great!Danny's Vacuum Shop has performed regular maintenance on my Sharp all this time! That is one reason for its longevity!My Sharp was considered the Top Pick by Consumer Reports way back when I bought it. So I am benefiting from a high quality product too!I buy only HEPA filter replacement bags for my Sharp. Danny's has every type of bag, accessory and most anything needed to keep any vacuum in tip-top shape!Keith at Danny's advises me to replace my drive belt once a year on my upright Sharp. Well I average every two or three years. When I do change that belt, my Sharp runs much better! :-)I had the electric cord replaced twice by Danny's. Once when my cat chewed it up and another time when my housekeeper sucked it into the vacuum!Recently, Danny's replaced a broken internal solid-state "switch" that had failed. It was a little pricey, but well worth keeping my Twin Energy Sharp happy!My super high-end Miele Capricorn canister vacuum I brought to my RP home from my Menlo Park apartment is a little sad because I haven't used it in RP. But when I do, I know Danny's Vacuum Shop has everything I need to keep my Miele virtually forever.I asked the owner Keith why he didn't rename his business from Danny's Vacuum Shop to Keith's Vacuum Shop. He replied that he likes telling salespeople that "Danny is not available" when they come calling!Quite the character... and I love character!Review 0134
<review# 1062,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2014,11/26/2014,25,69,1,4,4>Thumb's up for me and my family.  We came today for an early dinner and while it's not SUPER kid friendly, nor do they have a kids menu, it is perfectly appropriate for kids.  There's classic video games and lots of TVs.  We sat in the back room.  We had calamari, 2 burgers, chicken fingers for my daughter (it's on the starter menu) and the steak salad.  All of it was much better than I expected, fresh and delicious.  I also thought the service was great - friendly, prompt, didn't rush us and lots of water refills.  I'd definitely return!
<review# 1063,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2014,11/25/2014,0,36,2,5,7>Delicious! I'm not from Seattle, but I lived there for a long time, and it feels like home. Rocket made me feel like I was at home, in Seattle, eating amazing sushi. Rocket has a unique menu, filled with items with a Hawaiian influence. It's sushi with style! Jacob is an amazing chef. Very conscientious about what he serves. The ambiance is really cozy. I love the lighting done by local glassblower Alex Leader! The crowd seemed to be lots of local loyal customers. Local tattoo artist Shotsie Gorman and his wife Kristine- tarot card reader, were eating at another table. Rocket is the place to be! The food was awesome! Very fresh. I went with a group so was able to try lots of things. The cosmic roll was my favorite, but anything with Mac nuts has my heart too (the Rocket roll). I will definitely be back!
<review# 1064,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2014,11/24/2014,24,101,2,15,11>LOCAL'S NIGHT!This review really is for local's night more than anything since we went there on a Tuesday evening.1st off, where are all the people?  It was pretty slow for a Tues but then again, it's a Tues and the locals that do come out have about a dozen options for local's night in Napa...what about Mon or Thurs????Anyway, this was the first time my gf and I have been for this occasion, knew there was $10 Veuve by the glass, so we were sold.  Once there we found out that all "bar snacks" as their menu describes them, were 1/2 off, yeaahhhhh boy!We already decided we were having dinner somewhere else, so we only ordered the corn fritters with our veuve.  Service was great, we sat at the bar, so you expect that it should be rather attentive.  The chef not only sent out a special dish (avocado mouse with a bean on it, btw I know it's fancier than that but I'm just a simpleton), they also sent us out a small chocolate dessert too, very nice of them.Anyway, the local's night value is very good.  The bar snacks include a cheese platter $12 I believe, Burger and chips $13, Corn fritters $7 and a number of other offerings and at half off is a damn good deal.  I noticed the couple down the bar from us were enjoying multiple bar snack items for dinner and that seems to be the way to go.  The only thing I would say (which I didn't notice) was if there were additional drink specials.  It is always nice if they do $2 off beer and wine (similar to what kitchen door does) that way you do not have to get Veuve, or Krug if you don't feel like it.5 Stars for another local's night to add to the list.
<review# 1065,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2014,11/23/2014,103,212,5,6,6>The remodeled restaurant is a definite sight for sore eyes.  My goodness... It is just lovely inside!  They could stand to turn up the brightness level of the lights though, especially if seated toward the kitchen.  It was a bit too dark for lunch in my opinion.I have had many things here now:Appetizers:  Prawns, crab puffs, pot stickers.  The prawns are absolutely delicious - sweet and spicy.  The pot stickers are delicate and full of flavors. The crab puffs were not quite what we were expecting, and I enjoyed them more than my better half did.  They are not crispy, as you might think.  But they are tender and tasty.My favorite dish is the spicy lemongrass and shrimp soup.  I am not crazy about the little cherry tomatoes in everything.  As much as I love tomatoes, I'm not so crazy about hot tomatoes in my soup.  That aside, the flavors going on in this broth are outstanding.  SO much flavor - tangy, tart, spicy and lemongrassy.  The pork rice bowl is a second favorite dish.  The Drunken Man noodles were just ok.  They were too sweet, and I honestly thought I was getting a soup dish, so I was disappointed when it was just the noodles.  It tasted fine, but I think I liked it better the next day w/ a fried egg on top. It is not a repeat order for me.Last time here, husband ordered the duck rice bowl.  The duck was slightly overcooked, and there was not much to the other ingredients in the rice bowl.We have ordered the organic green salad twice now.  Honestly - how can a salad be SO outstanding?!  It's *just* a salad, right?  Wrong.  What they do to this salad is simply tops.  The meyer lemon vinaigrette is the star here, plus little bites of goat cheese, toasted cashews, avocado, tomatoes...  It's really all about the dressing, but the greens are fresh, as are the veggies.  They don't over dress the salad either, which is great because I always forget to ask for my dressing on the side.We have had very good service the last 2 times we dined here, both friendly and attentive.  I highly recommend the Paul Mathew Rose with just about anything you order here.  It's so worth the price.
<review# 1066,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2014,11/22/2014,74,89,3,6,4>I really like this place for non-pretentious authentic food and great service. My dad and I came 5 min from closing in a Sunday night and they were more then happy to serve us with a smile, and I didn't even expect that. The staff is talkative and friendly and makes you feel at home. I had the Bun bo hue and my Dad had the Chicken Pho soup. We both loved ours. Very rich and properly made broth with richness and depth if flavor. The Bun Bo Hue was great and very spicy like I like it. I would say they could have put more meat in maybe but the brisket was nice for what I got. We shared a Bahn Mi sandwich and it was really great. This is one of my favorite things to eat and I really loved theirs. It's the best and really only authentic one I have found in the county. The decor is simple and not fancy in any way. It's not the kind of place you bring a date or go for a nice meal. It's a simple reasonably priced Vietnamese place that is putting out really excellent and authentic food. Go check it out. If you live Vietnamese like me you will live this place.
<review# 1067,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2014,11/21/2014,141,176,4,6,6>Okay, where to start. We all love Oliver's here in Cotati.I've been to the other Oliver's only to find each one the same, but oh so very different too. Well, carry many of the same things, but like any good marketing scheme, cater to the locals. For instance, there's a terrible price for Lagunitas IPA at the Oliver's in Rincon Valley. It never goes on sale. And my friend who lives there just says "There's nothing but old people out here. No one buys it!". But when pointing out, it always goes on sale at "my" Oliver's she simply quips "Yeah, that's because you're in a college town where the kids drink beer."The largest of the three Oliver's in Sonoma County is located in Cotati. I think it generally speaking has the best prices between each location and also the best selection. Especially the bulk section. Sprouts in Petaluma rivals Oliver's bulk section, but only by freshness/sale pricing, not by selection.The main reason I love this Oliver's, besides being close to my house, always having affordable deals, fresh barbecue to buy that you can smell walking in (on weekends and holidays), the awesome soup and salad bars, the cheese samples throughout the store, the really fresh and obscure produce (like over 10 types of mushrooms, fresh turmeric, fresh galangal, and say ... passion fruit?), the fact that there is always a good beer sale (always at least one good IPA on sale each week) - not to mention an awesome beer selection, is that ... no matter which way I change my diet/lifestyle they always have an awesome selection of tasty goodness. Oh going vegan this week? Try some fresh sliced vegan bread, or some awesome frozen gourmet veggies patties (I recommend frying in coconut oil straight in a pan for best results), or meander down the dairy isle and at the end is all your dairy free wide selection of vegan "cheeze" and soy based products. They do have some good miso selections too, but if you want a really good miso selection from local companies (cheaper too) head down the street to the Asian market by Mike's at the Crossroads.Or if you are feeling especially carnivorous, this Oliver's has killer meat. The butchers will trim, cut, or even order/save special cuts (we once stumbled upon some pork belly for almost nothin) ... but hey, don't all the specialty gourmet grocery stores do that? There is just a HUGE selection here by the other fancy grocery store standards. Ehem, yes, even over Whole Foods in Coddingtown in Santa Rosa. Better prices too. Not that much better mind you, but we all love our grass fed beef and local fresh-never-frozen Rocky Chicken, right?And don't get me started on the deli ... great sandwiches, wraps, and salads. A complaint? The sushi bar. It's terrible. It's made fresh but once we had the sushi at Sprouts, couldn't go back to the packaged sushi at Oliver's. The rice is really bland and mushy. You can't have mushy rice in a roll, that's a no-no.Basically, if you shop the deals here and look to where they can be found you can get out of here with a really healthy basket of goodies at a low price. My favorite latest find? If you buy the sunflower sprouts in the salad bar, they work out to under half the price of the prepackaged sunflower sprouts in the produce section. And you get to pick out all the good ones!Oh and if you ask to buy something by the case (like if the coconut oil goes on sale for $7.99 from $18.99 or your favorite olive oil goes on sale for $9.99 from $21.99) you not only get the sale price but you get an additional ten percent off. Awesome!I could really gush about this place for days, but really, I'm sure you'll just bump into me there tomorrow. And while you're there, don't forget to check out the ethnic isle. Everything from authentic Jewish, UK, Irish, and Italian imported food. I wish I could afford all the Italian stuff! Some really great olive mixes, condiments, truffle this and that ... ah to be a foodie. To be a foodie, is to love this Oliver's.
<review# 1068,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2014,11/20/2014,11,104,3,5,4>After a bad experience at one of the big box stores, I asked my friends on social media where I should go to buy a refrigerator. TeeVax came highly recommended by some close friends.My spouse and I went on a Saturday, and were warmly greeted by Justin Montague. We explained what we wanted, and were presented with their best options. Rather than just point us in the direction of the appliances, he presented us with an Electrolux French Door Refrigerator. Since most modern refrigerators are so darn similar, Justin highlighted all the features that made this particular model unique and attractive.After presenting us with some information and a price quote, we shopped around, but were less than impressed with some of the other places in Santa Rosa. We returned the following day, made our purchase, and the refrigerator was delivered the following week. Delivery was made on time, installation was a breeze, and we're extremely happy with the performance of our new appliance.Without hesitation, we will return to TeeVax for any major appliance purchase.
<review# 1069,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2014,11/19/2014,17,80,5,6,5>We just celebrated my boyfriends birthday at MacArthur Place. We stayed in room 42 the Camellia Suite and it was BEYOND AMAZING.First off, the room is one of the very best hotel rooms I've ever stayed in (and I traveled all over for business on a good expense account so, I know a great hotel room when I see one!) The room is huge with a super comfortable four poster bed with luxe linens. You can lay in bed and enjoy a romantic fire in your fireplace and watch a movie (they have a huge selection of current free movies to borrow in their library.) There is a big flatscreen TV mounted on the wall with actual surround sound.You might think the huge bathroom (granite, two sinks plus a vanity) with a giant two person shower and two person jacuzzi tub which is open to the bedroom (if you don't like it you can close the shutters) is the best part but, wait, there's more! When I opened the back door to the private back patio I think I actually yelled, "OMG, Yay!" There is a totally private courtyard with a charming tented cottage and inside is a gorgeous wooden 2 person Japanese soaking tub. (It looks like a giant wine barrel!) The tub is spectacular and the only thing that rivals it is maybe the outdoor rock shower for two with the giants sunflower rain shower head that's right next to it. Seriously, crazy good perfect room. (We also noted that although there were other guests next to us the rooms are totally soundproof, we didn't hear a single noise.) Secondly, the food was AWESOME! Saddles Steak House was fantastic, (separate review) It's like Ruth Cris only better. My steak loving man had to have a moment of silence to savor his steak, I thought he was going to cry LOL. He proclaimed his steak, "BEST EVER." The stuffed mushrooms and beet, strawberry, mango salad were also very, very good and the dirty martini was the best we've had in a long time.We can't wait to go back!
<review# 1070,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2014,11/18/2014,68,105,2,8,7>Gorgeous winery. Friendly and knowledgeable staff. Amazing property with 100 acres of planted vineyards, man-made lake, authentic Chinese pavilion at the lake center, beautiful views, and iconic buildings. The Bottle Shock movie is based on this winery that put Ca wines on the map in the 1970s with their world famous chardonnay. Delicious wines ranging in price from the 20 dollar range to the 150 dollar range. My favorite wine ended up being the 25 dollar reisling. Great spot to bring out of town guests.
<review# 1071,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2009,1/8/2010,352,403,6,9,9>On a warm day, the allure of frozen treats like otter pops and ice cream are almost inescapable.  Stepping through the door of Silbermann's is like taking a step back in time.  The inside of Silbermann's looks like an old school ice cream parlor, and is nicely air conditioned making it a nice reprieve from a hot day. They make their own ice cream here, and feature a bunch of different delicious flavors.  I can recommend the mocha almond fudge, but honestly I don't think you can go wrong with anything available.Relax in one of their booths with friends, a scoop or a shake, you'll thank me for it later.
<review# 1072,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2009,1/6/2010,43,119,6,12,7>After having sufficient pregnancy-related pain my doctor asked me to make a visit to Labor and delivery yesterday. I was screened for swine flu and asked to sit in the waiting room.  This particular waiting room was enjoyable enough as it had a big window and did not have a television blaring at high decibels.  I loath the always present television in waiting rooms of all types.They had me suit up in a cotton robe and hooked my belly up to some devices that would monitor activity.  Overall, the experience was painless, easy, and thorough.  The floor was quiet and the nurses and staff were very efficient.  They were clear with the results I was seeking and let me depart with a handful of info to assist me with the upcoming big day.  I like it!
<review# 1073,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2009,1/5/2010,14,89,3,7,8>Don't be fooled by the fact that it's adjacent to a chain hotel, this is rather fine dining. The interior is warm, low lighted and quiet, the bar is ample and acts as a great place to lounge, the dining room is large and has a high ceiling. As for the food, well, I've only eaten once, but they've got this gnocchi that is out of this world good. Just thinking about it makes my mouth water.I know that the owner and some of the head chefs are actually Italian, and they take a lot of pride in their work.Highly, Highly, Highly reccommended for couples or groups who want extra- yummy, quality, and elegant Italian.
<review# 1074,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2009,1/4/2010,86,345,6,8,6>Took my grandmother here for dinner the other night and it was fab. I'm no stranger to Rin's. I've been coming here frequently for years and it's always been delicious. My only complaint is that it's super expensive. But after our wonderful meal the other night, I'm reminded it's worth the cost. Grandma let me do the ordering.  A major plus since I'm kinda bossy and controlling =) We had Tom Kha, Puffys, spring rolls, param and.... I feel like there was something else which I can't remember. Including tip, the meal was $53.00 and we were stuffed! This is a great place for a casual date or taking your Grandma out. But maybe not the best place for kids. It's centrally located in downtown Sonoma and an easy walk from all the shopping and many of the hotels. The service is quick and friendly and accurate, so thank you, Rin's!
<review# 1075,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2009,1/3/2010,163,290,4,6,4>As I walk into this visually stunning parlor, I feel as though I am in Miami or South Beach. Half inch sized light ocean blue tiles cover the lower half of the wall then the upper half of the wall has a plaster of white waves. Nice!  What is not to love about that and the recessed lighting, and the fabulous orange and white chairs, pristine white tables and the columns done in 1/2 inch tiles again, but in the hues of greens and browns. Oh yes, and the Neon Green back wall that ties this all in. The creative touch of one fresh lemon on each table, did NOT go unnoticed! This in Marin? WOW. Ok, on to the scrumptuous goodies. There are over 24 Gelatos and they rotate out with other flavors. Creme Brulee, divine. Pistachio, meow!The yogurts are mouth puckering fabulous. My favorite is the pomegranate with fresh mango topping. They usually have 4 flavors of yogurts as well. Plus they have a myriad of toppings. From crumpled cookies, candies, granola, to delicious fresh fruit. Their granola is house made, and they have a nice selection of organic teas. Plus smoothies and Yoggi drinks. All this, reasonably priced.They have the nicest wait staff to boot!What  a wonderful addition to San Rafael. I was getting sad with so many businesses closing down on 4th. But this gem, makes me have a new sense of confidence for this sometimes weary town.
<review# 1076,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2009,1/2/2010,155,397,4,4,5>Can I just say that I love this restaurant and John!Their home made mozzarella can be ordered in little golden nuggets off the bambino menu and it is arguably one of the best things on the menu, it is fried to perfection-lightly but still crispy on the outside and the minute you break into the center it drips and oozes with cheesy heavenly goodness.I know I can't review this place every time I go here but it is fair to give another review since it has been months since my previous reviews.
<review# 1077,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2009,1/1/2010,90,172,5,8,8>Really a 4.5 dinning experience.Parents were coming into town and offered to take me out to dinner, so why not try something new and treat us all to a good meal?  I wasn't let down by my fellow yelpers with their recommendations... AVA's rating is well deserved. We made reservations on OpenTable and were glad that we did- even at 8 pm on a Friday they was still a line of people waiting.  Our table was ready right away and we were impressed by the smaller, more intimate dining room- the lighting was perfect, the decor was very cool- an old wine vine made for impressive decoration on one wall- very unique and cool.The service was only to be out done by the food.  We started with their famous cheese-stuffed, bacon-wrapped dates ($7) and quickly understood why they are well known- the dish was outstanding.  Perfect temperature to meld the flavors (salty, sweet, savory) and textures (creamy, crispy, chewy).  We also enjoyed the squash soup ($9.50- which was good, but not overly remarkable) and the iceberg wedge with blue cheese (stands out a good-to-great restaurant salad).We moved on to dinner highly anticipating what the chef had in store and were not disappointed with the braised pork shoulder w/ white beans and flat iron steak.  The twice baked potatoes and brussel sprouts (changed my mind on these oft hated veggies) were especially good sides- I would highly recommend these, if not for the Hobb's bacon alone. :)If your stomach can endure through the fantastic food and still have room for dessert, it will love you for the bread pudding- better than Mom's (and that's saying A LOT).  For the more refined palates, the cheese plate is also excellent with carefully selected cheeses (Cowgirl Creamery is represented well).  This place is a gem of restaurant, representing all of what this area has to offer in the way of local foods and wines.
<review# 1078,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/27/2009,12/31/2009,157,259,6,5,4>I am very familiar with Cafe Trieste, which was the predecessor to Taste of Rome.  So when I stopped into Taste of Rome last weekend, I was pleasantly surprised to see that they offer more options for drink and food than Trieste.  We were only there for beverages and fraternization, however, so I had a cup of camomile tea, while my companions had soy chai and freshly squeezed OJ.  Note: we walked in the side door and there is a sign almost directly above the register that says, "Line Forms Here."  Well, that's a little silly - of course the line forms at the register.  There was one person ahead of us, so we stood behind him.  Another person walked in with a toddler in a back-carrier.  He started blustering and fuming about how we were in the wrong place for the line.  OK, big freakin deal, right?  I moved to the opposite side of the person ahead of me.  He followed suit.  While I ordered my and my husband's bevs, he stared me down (apparently - my husband told me afterward since I am selectively oblivious to most creepsters).  My husband stared him down from our table next to the counter and when the man looked up and saw him, he stopped glaring at me.  Before I even placed my order, he barked his order at the staff.  Um... wasn't he the one kvetching about a line?  Respect and step off.But the staff knows what's up.  They made and delivered the orders in order of the line.  I got my beverages and sat down.  You could tell that Waspy McStarer hated that.  When the staff was preparing his cappuccino to go, he complained, "you weren't paying attention when you were putting sugar in my cappuccino and now it's on the floor.  I guess I'll just put my own sugar in it."  OK?  Really?  His tone of voice had such a ... sense of entitlement to it, but also a frightening hint of rage.  This guy could easily be pushed over the edge, I thought.  His poor toddler just stared at me with her big brown eyes.  :(He left, we sat there enjoying our beverages and there was too much tea for me to drink.  Taste of Rome gives you a teacup, a single-serve tea pot and a strainer.  It was very good tea.  My friends were done with their orange juice and my husband was 1/2 done with his chai.  I had more tea, but was sipping and not sure I would drink the remainder.In walks this 50-60ish man wearing a black beret.  He impolitely said, "you've been sitting at this table for a long time.  Are you leaving soon? I want to sit there."  Um, it had been 20 minutes and there were other available tables.  We told him we were almost done.  He sat down on a stool next to our table and proceeded to stare at us, pound the counter with his fist, grumble about how f*ckin slow we were and how we just needed to get up and leave his table already.  I decided to drink the rest of my tea purely based on that.  And it just pushed Jack Kerouac over the edge.  He said something like, "oh, give me a f*ckin break!  you're drinking your tea!  get up and leave already!  this is my table!"  I mean, he was really buggin.  I told him that we were paying customers and had every right to sit there to enjoy our beverages and that he could wait or sit elsewhere.  My husband chimed in, as did our friends, by informing him that he was the rudest person they'd ever met.  He didn't care; he told my husband that if we didn't move, he would move us.  Which would have been pretty funny.Needless to say, we got up and left.  I complained to the staff and I got the impression they were upset that 4 customers were chased off by their resident crazy, but that they weren't altogether surprised.My review: the beverages at Taste of Rome are great.  The clientele, not so much.  Do yourself a favor and get your beverage to go... and the line forms to the left of the register.
<review# 1079,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/20/2009,12/30/2009,307,201,2,4,4>This theatre is small but have that small town kitchy vibe thing going.  The lady at the box office is really friendly and seems to care about film a lot, and after picking up the tickets, most people either kill time/have dinner in the neighborhood, then stroll in for movies, find your way to the theatre room your movie is playing, watch the movie and leave.  No security, uber casual, great for mellow evening hang out.  They only have 3 theatres so they only play 3 movies at one time.  Their selections are usually pretty good, skewed towards Sundance/artsy movie than blockbuster hits.  I think it suits the older generation crowd in Sausalito well.... cuz let's face it, Sausalito residents are predominantly families with kids or older  couples, there aren't very many hip teen/20 somethings living here and, most people that visit this town are richer adults with money to spend at Sushi Ran, Horizons, Wine Bistro, etc. and go sailing and such.  Not at all a criticism, it's just the demographic here.Anywhoo, although we are actually a married 20-something couple, we feel comfortable with this theatre when we wanna do a mellow movie night and watch something non blockbuster.  We've found that, a couple of weeks after opening, and/or on weekdays, seats aren't packed at all.  So the movie experience is generally non-noisy, and you get to pick the seats you want ; )
<review# 1080,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2009,12/29/2009,79,88,4,3,6>Once again, another hidden gem off the beaten path!  I went with a close friend to a wine club event and they were very generous with their pourings which included their signature zin, cab, petite syrah, rose and a too die for zinfandel port.  I especially enjoyed the zinfandel as it had subtle notes of black pepper and a cherry finish.  The family owned winery is so quaint and the family is so hospitable and warm.  They invite you into their winery as if you are a long time friend.  All the wines are named after the grandkids of the owners so it is kind of sentimental too....
<review# 1081,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2014,6/16/2014,162,206,,7,3>I made an appointment, for me & my daughter. I drove down and when I came, I was greeted and helped right away. I waited & was seated for my pedicure. They treated me very well while I was being serviced. I sat down & the woman started my pedicure and another started with my daughters nails. The pedicure was amazing with a good massage too. And a lot of personal attention to details. It felt so nice to be taken care of. My daughters nails turned out really good too. She loved them. I will update my review in a few days to let everyone know how the nails lasted- cause I know that is a big deal when finding a good nails shop. I felt very relaxed with the beautiful soft music playing and with no TV on. The environment is very mellow and serene. I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a clean, peaceful and budget friendly nail shop.
<review# 1082,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2014,6/15/2014,17,80,2,4,4>My team had a celebratory dinner at The Thomas last night and it was pretty much perfect.1. The decor is spot on perfection. Like Anthropologie designed this place, only better. The wall made of antique textiles was gorgeous. The Red Wing crocks full of sunflowers and antique demijohns with tomato plants in them were beyond farm to table charming. Old book, paintings, tables from a bowling alley and unique booth seating? Check, check and check. (Did I mention that even the bathrooms are design magazine worthy? Exposed copper pipes are uber chic.)2. Our server was Dan Alderman and he was THE best. VERY knowledgeable. Flawless. Charming. Funny. We were indecisive and we let him pick almost everything - it was exactly what we wanted. (He even made us a chair out of one of our champagne cages. Bonus!)3. The food. The Food. The Food. Sigh...EVERYTHING was artfully presented and unique and soooooooo tasty. We literally had every appetizer and they were all wonderful. The salmon tartar and the mushroom mousse and the flatbread we REALLY spectacular. The halibut was great. My steak was a bit overdone (I asked for med/rare and I would say it arrived more med. But, it tasted great and the presentation with the bone was um...interesting..and kind of phallic but, in a good way. Certainly a conversation piece. You really have to see it...the ice cream sampler was the perfect ending and so was the coffee drinks and just oh, wow.4. Three levels of cool - The rooftop bar is excellent but, we enjoyed sitting by the window on the second floor - almost a better view and not as chilly or windy as upstairs. The bar on the first level is great fun but, it can get crowded.We used the stairs but, some people will appreciate the elevator.Likely one of the best dinners I ever had in Napa Valley! A+++
<review# 1083,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2014,6/14/2014,230,178,3,5,4>I love Tea Room Cafe!We've come on two occasions. We heard about their delicious eggs Benedict so went by one Saturday and found out its a Sunday special. Both meals we tried were yummy but I do love that Benedict. It's my favorite breakfast food! They even serve their espresso coffee drinks in bowls which is cute - and caught me off guard.They were pretty busy both weekend days we went. There's a line almost to the door but it goes pretty quickly. Seating is the hardest thing to find. There have indoor seating and a few outdoors. You aren't allowed to hold a table or be seated before you've ordered as it isn't fair to other customers but if you don't mind waiting a few minutes a table will usually open up. This isn't a place to linger longer after eating - that's just rude. The design of Tea Room Cafe is super cute and the staff are so nice. It's decently priced as well - the same you'd pay at a diner. We plan to go back and you should too!
<review# 1084,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2014,6/13/2014,179,297,3,8,5>Whenever I introduce people to the great wines of Sonoma Valley, specifically Kenwood, I always stop at Ty Caton.This is not your glamourous Napa-fied experience.  This is your, off the beaten path, local people, kind of place.  They know the land.  They know the grapes.  And they know their wines.  All of the grapes are Estate-grown, in both the Sonoma Valley and new Moon Mountain AVAs. Now to the wines...They do a few whites.  Most recently is their Riesling.  Has a honeysuckle floral nose.  and not too sweet.  Then their Rose of Syrah, that has a light pink color, which is amazing as Syrah is such a dark, inky grape.  It tasted to me like crisp fresh peaches.    I love their Petite Verdot and PetiteSyrah.  They were earthy, deep, dark, tannins,  Awesomeness.  You don't drink these kind of wine on the porch on a nice hot day.  You need food.  Serious food.  You need meat.  Some good beef or lamb.  Of course, my favorite of all the wines is TyTanium.  It is a blend of all the inkiest wines you can think of - Syrah, Petit Syrah, Malbec, Cab Sauv, and Merlot.  This is probably one of their best wines.  Either way, if you are in the area, don't pass this place up.Cheers.
<review# 1085,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2014,6/12/2014,419,792,2,6,5>They take reservations but walk ins are welcome.  That worked for us since we had no reservations.  The 3 of us got seated at a big table which we shared with three others.   Good thing we were all friendly.  We were then served by super friendly staff who were well versed in the kraft of beers and fine foods.  Within minutes we had a great selection of beers on tap including IPA's, Belgiums, and Koelsches.  Oh and a cider.  The waitress made some great recommendations.  As a result the three of us ordered a nice selection of small plates.  We had raw tuna, sardines, mushrooms on bread, mussels, and pork.  All was beautifully presented and tasted really good.  They offered deserts including a chocolate cake and strawberry shortcake.  It all sounded great but we were full.  Another time perhaps. Bottom line, great service, excellent beer and delicious food.  Give ema try if you are in the hood.
<review# 1086,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2014,6/11/2014,25,76,2,4,3>Oh my gosh, this is a small grocery store that make great sandwiches and they have fabulous salads!! They were bought out by Woodland Market also a great establishment but they kept the small town grocery store feel! I love that you can come in, pick up your sandwich order form and custom build your sandwich!! Also their pork burritos and taquitos are fantastic!! They have pizza by the slice, chicken wings, potato wedges and pasta salads that are fantastic! My favorite is the curry chicken salad a must try! They also make a killer Asian Chicken Salad and Cobb Salads and they make them in two sizes small and large so you can buy according to how hungry you are or get a small salad and a burrito lol!! I will have to say try to get there before noon because they get slammed!! Yeah it's that good! If you are ever in Ross you need to stop by and pick up a sandwich or burrito or salad or whatever you cant go wrong!!
<review# 1087,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2014,6/10/2014,88,77,6,7,6>This is my favorite deli to date, and here's why:- Assortment of freshly-baked breads (recommendation: dutch crunch)- Variety of salad mixers and dressings- You can go for a 1/2 sandwich, 1/2 salad which is light but filling- Hits that sweet spot where "healthy" and "yummy" become one
<review# 1088,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2014,6/9/2014,114,151,4,7,5>Simply the best pupusas I have ever had. If you've been going to Mexican restaurants for pupusas, you've been cheated. The queso y frijole pupusas are my favorite, but there are no bad pupusas here. They carry loroco pupusas, which is from a vine that produces edible flowers from El Salvador. If you have not tried loroco, I highly recommend that you do. Their curtido is perfectly seasoned too! If you're a fan of platanos, order the platanos fritos. Salvadorians beat the Cubans at the platanos fritos game. The red and green sauce is to die for. Refreshing drinks and delicious horchata that isn't gritty or overly sweet. Service is great, establishment is meticulously cleaned, food is cooked when ordered and is so inexpensive to eat. Doesn't get any better than this place!
<review# 1089,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2014,6/8/2014,113,126,2,7,2>Went back in here the other day and have a few more updates to the review.  First of all, this place is very very small, and always has been.  But they do maximize what they have.  There are maybe a dozen and a half chairs around the bar and about that many chairs outside under cover of umbrella.  Although the location is on busy 4th street, the outside chairs are tucked away nicely on St. Helena and you don't really get the full onslaught of the traffic you might expect.There are 12 or so burger selections with 4-5 options per Burger.  Everything is a la carte.  So plan on spending $20 if you're ordering a big burger, onion rings/ sweet potato fries and a drink plus tip.  $20 might be a lot to pay for a burger experience for some.  But here, truthfully, you can skip the sides.  The burger is a meal and a half in and of itself.  If you king size it, you're definitely not going to leave hungry.  The fries, onion rings, and sweet potato come in regular and super sized.  The regular is what I imagine 2 supersizes would be at a fast food joint.Plan on a 1/2 hour experience here at least.  Bring a book.  It's not slow by any means.  But the burger will come out at restaurant pace.  I'm not one for milk shakes anymore, but I'd be remiss if I didn't mention that they have 35-40 milk shake options/flavors.  So definitely keep that in mind.  More than adequate service.  Charming, prompt, you're never kept waiting.  There's usually one hard working cook, so you might be waiting 20 minutes for your burger.  But it's worth it.  They have a lamb burger, and a couple veggie options including veggie burger and grilled cheese sandwich.  They have chicken sandwiches too.
<review# 1090,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2014,6/7/2014,69,260,1,3,4>Some think I'm crazy to drive two cities away on a Sunday morning for breakfast. I say, they're the crazy ones not to.I first experienced Flavor many moons ago in my, ahem, glory days after a night of.. Being glorifying. We would show up around 2 pm, order a dish of their Mexican Ranch Eggs, a personal sized French press coffee and a mimosa and BAM! It would do the trick every time. Now that those days are behind me, I like to come at a more reasonable hour to enjoy their breakfast delicacies. First of all, the service here is HANDS DOWN the best I have ever, and probably will ever, receive. A prompt delivery of a 12oz French press will get your morning started right. These days, It's always a toss up between the eggs benny and chilaquiles. But there is one thing that is always a must-- a side order of French toast for the table to share. I've only had dinner a handful of times, but I would have to say that the butternut squash ravioli with brown butter sage sauce is my go-to.Who says comfort food has to be deep-fried?
<review# 1091,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2011,6/17/2011,176,66,3,3,4>I placed an order for take-out and I am in love! The pumpkin curry was probably the best that I have ever had, pumpkin was nice and soft, so full of flavor and a mild spice. And who could not love their pad thai?The only thing was, I had wanted the mango sticky rice, but I got regular sticky rice. A little disappointing, but probably my fault when I was ordering. Oh well... next time!
<review# 1092,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2010,6/16/2011,424,5,4,11,2>I got to meet with the owner and I have to say, I was really impressed by this laundromat! They have big, heavy duty machines, and a full service dry cleaning service that delivers! There is always an attendant in the 'mat to help you, and they have free wi-fi! It's a clean, comfortable atmosphere in a convenient location. Never thought I'd get so excited about a laundromat, but this one's definitely worth checking out.
<review# 1093,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/24/2010,6/15/2011,7,22,24,3,6>Went back to muse yesterday..After hittin up 24 hour fitness to get my pump, I took down my protein shake and was feelin extra fly. Had one problem though, my hair was a mess. Holy crap, I thought, "I haven't had a haircut since early november!". For someone like me, looking good is top priority 24/7 so I strolled on down the boulevard to muse hairdressing. Everyone was checking me out on the way in, with my sleeveless guns n roses shirt conveniently revealing my 15 inch freshly pumped pythons. Muse is full of beautiful girls, and they love beautiful men. Obviously I was the star of the show from that point on and they treated me as such.After greeting every girl in the building, I went over and said what's up to my hair stylin homeboy Max. A quick chest bump, that nearly knocked him on the floor, and then over to the shampoo bowl so he could hook me up with his extreme passion neck massage. I had been doing some isometric neck exercises at the gym so not only did I need my sweaty hair shampooed, but I need some of his magical myofascial release as well. I'm secure with my sexuality, and sleep with tons of women (seriously, tons), so I have no problem letting a man work his magic on me with an amazing neck massage. He's the best in the business, if you don't believe me, then it's your loss.My hair's clean and my neck is nice and relaxed, so now we head over to the chair to clean up the do. Max lands a lagunitas in front of me, and since I already took down my 60 gram time release whey protein shake 45 minutes ago, it was time to start the evening fun. Max kept the convo rollin while coloring my hair and had it done in no time. I sipped on Petaluma's finest and took note of all of the girls checking me out in the mean time. I'll admit I love the attention, it's good to be alpha male, what can I say.After heading back to the bowl and washing out my color, we went back to the chair where Max fixed me up with a number one A+ haircut. A quick style and blow dry later, I tossed max a roll of 20 dollar bills and told him he was welcome for me letting him work on such a masterpiece of a man.I said goodbye to all of the girls in the salon, got a few phone numbers, and then rolled out into the sunset to go get dinner at my favorite taqueria down the street, Solo Pollo. If you want to be complete perfection, or need somewhere to start, head to muse and hit up Max. The man will take your hair power to the Maxxx.Period.
<review# 1094,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2010,6/14/2011,44,303,2,3,2>We stopped in for a couple drafts and a root beer on a rainy saturday. The only thing that could have topped off the experience would have been a wood fire crackling. Great service, good seasonal draft list and EXCELLENT fries. I can't wait to come back when I'm hungry!!
<review# 1095,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/8/2010,6/13/2011,17,94,5,7,3>Bring back the Mexican Mac and Cheese, Annie! What were you thinking?
<review# 1096,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2011,6/12/2011,67,79,3,6,4>China Camp is perched on the East Coast of Marin County (on San Francisco Bay).  Lots of good sunrise photos here -- you just have to get up before sunrise to get them.  A road runs thru it so you don't have to walk far to get them.When someone mentions China Camp, the image in my mind's eye is the old Chinese fishing "Village."  If you can't get yourself up to see the Village at sunrise, I have attached a couple of photos here.  I don't know if these pictures are really good -- but they ought to make you want to get up and go take your own sunrise images.The sun doesn't always rise at sunrise.  What you might get these days is grey overcast drizzle (cold).  At the tail end of every storm the morning sky breaks-up over China Camp and the Bay -- you have to see it and feel it to believe how great it is.From the village you can walk north (either along the road or on the beach rocks) towards Bullhead Flat, Buckeye Point,. Weber Point lots of rocks - especially good at low tide.  Late afternoon brings different shadows - I've attached one image looking north from Bullhead Flat, tward boys fishing from the shore at Weber Point.
<review# 1097,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/31/2010,6/11/2011,123,1032,2,3,2>I had a craving for Buffalo wings this afternoon, and I was feeling kind of lazy ... so when OBW entered my field of vision I went after it.The price is right for the food you get, and the food you get aint bad. Props on the varieties available. Took a while for them to prepare 13 wings to go, they seem a tad understaffed.
<review# 1098,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2011,6/10/2011,96,212,7,6,5>LIKE AN OLD BOYFRIENDPasta Po is like hooking up with an old boyfriend. It's comfortable, it's familiar, it's easy. It's all right. At least for a wee bit.  Then you remember all the stuff that made it not so good.Pasta Po has basic, straight forward Italian at reasonable prices. They do make an effort to throw in some au-courant ingredients. But the golden oldies are available too (chicken parm, spag & meatballs, pizza, cheese ravioli).  It's all good, until you start looking at the details.  They still serve the overly dry gorgonzola cheese with their misto salad.  The pasta is always a bit overly al dente.  Parmesean cheese comes in a shaker, rather than freshly grated at the table.  So when you're in the mood NOT to experiemnt, just go with what you know, then head over to Pasta Po.
<review# 1099,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2011,6/9/2011,856,152,6,3,6>The most fabulous crab cakes, OMG BLT deviled eggs, and Ahi to die for! Foodies delight- this old fav has been given makeover and the Tyler Florence touch! The amazing menu, superb service, and ensconced in a secluded courtyard all make El Paseo where you want to go on a romantic date!  (Or a little star gazing - Sammy Hagar was at the table next to me)!In our party we had a severe food allergy (besides me) and she was accommodated with ease and grace.The chef made her a custom plate with all safe foods. And the presentation was lovely.There is also a very lively  and vibrant bar scene, envious wine selection and beautiful people everywhere!  I didn't want the night to end.  This is one hot spot I plan to make a regular destination!And to the A-Wipes who left the one star reviews- when you call the hostess a whore because you can't get a walk in table on opening week you deserve to get thrown out!  And go ahead and try leaving a message for French Laundry 3 days before you want to have dinner and see if you get in. You won't! That's what Open Table is for and look, it's integrated right here on Yelp! You could have read reviews here and made a reservation all at once!So to end on the fabulousness, the food is awesome, the ambiance is the best, and the longer you wait to try it the more you'll kick yourself later.
<review# 1100,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/3/2011,6/8/2011,35,76,2,3,3>Dempsey's is one of my favorite lunch spots in Petaluma. I love the patio, a beer, and the Chinese chicken salad on a sunny day. So, it immediately came to mind when my boss charged me with planning our holiday lunch this year. I set up the mid-week lunch for an off-peak hour with Bernadette, who I believe is an owner, several weeks in advance, explaining that one of the only requests my boss had was that we all be seated at one large conglomeration of tables despite being a large group of about 25. No problem, I was assured.When I arrived 10 minutes prior to our reservation, our tables had not even been set up yet. Then they began setting up two groups of tables. Negotiations ensue about if we can even be seated all together. Fast forward to almost 20 minutes after our reservation time: all of my coworkers and my boss standing around nervously still waiting for our table to be set up. And me looking like an ass that dropped the ball. I was really disappointed.Our food was okay and I'm sure I'll go back for lunch. But I don't think I'd return with a large group or for a special event.
<review# 1101,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2012,5/5/2012,47,60,,10,6>I am a little disappointed with some of my fellow Yelpers. This location opened its doors for its grand opening on 3/21, I am writing my review on 3/23. I typically wait about three months to begin writing my review so an establishment can work to solve any issues that follow an opening. Everyone is entitled to their own opinion but fellow reviewers are bashing the Habit for bad service and mediocre food, give them a chance to get settled.  I just want to shine light on the fact that this location hasn't even been open for a week. I have visited other locations and the overall product is good. I walked into a clean restaurant and was greeted by friendly employees. The menu was easy to read and I wasn't overwhelmed with too many options. The cashier answered my questions and took my order with a smile. There was not a long wait to receive my food even with a crowd. Everything I ordered was on my tray and an employee asked if I needed anything else. I tried the Charburger with sweet potato fries and was pleased with the overall flavor and value. On my way out a manager asked me if my meal was satisfactory and told me to have a nice day. I will be back to dine at the Habit again, but after the initial crowds die down.
<review# 1102,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2012,5/4/2012,19,179,3,6,3>Here is my one-word review for Napa Valley Biscuits: "Potential".I say potential because they have all the components for making this an insane smash hit where...and I'm just speculatin' on a hypothesis here...they have a retail location and then bust out some sort of Food Truck or franchise thing elsewhere in the valley.  I mean, it's all right there.  They have the pieces to this puzzle.I'm thrilled to have a chicken & waffles outlet here...but that was not the focus of our first visit.  Our focus was on the biscuit.The biscuits, first and foremost, are great.  Probably...and I mean, I'm giong to have to do a buiscuit tour again here, but if I had to pick "best biscuit I've ever had outside the South", it would be here.My wife had the Mr.Pickles (fried chicken thigh w/ pickles, honey mustard, honey on biscuit) and I had the Wilbur ("Carolina style" BBQ w/ slaw on biscuit).  We shared sides of mac n' cheese, deviled eggs & a small pecan pie.The deviled eggs were essentially a throwaway item; edible but absolutely nothing memorable.  Don't put 'em on the menu at this sort of place unless you're going to knock it out of the park.The mac n' cheese was a nice surprise; a good-sized portion for the money, great consistency and really, really cheesey.The Mr.Pickles was more honey-mustard-y in flavor than I would have liked, and the chicken may have needed a little more seasoning.  But it was definitely a tasty little sucker.That brings us to the Wilbur.  Now, I've spent loads of time in the Carolinas, and when you claim something is "Carolina-style" that is to infer that the sauce is more vinegar and less tomato.  Chopped pork rather than beef.  The PULLED (not chopped) pork on the Wilbur was about PERFECT.  The sauce...well...not quite Carolina.  But it worked.  I'd just take "Carolina" out of the description because it's misleading...this ain't Carolinian.  (They might have it in the description to manage expectations so folks aren't expecting a giant slop of Kansas City barbeque sauce on it).The pecan pie was good...again: "potential".  But it needed about 30% more filling to bring it where it needed to be.In the end it was an enjoyable visit.  We'll be back in a few weeks to give the menu a chance to mature and let the owners catch up to the demand.  But this place has all the marks of a future legend.  Let's all hope they can live up to the potential.
<review# 1103,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2011,5/3/2012,4,21,,3,1>If you need alterations done beyond hemming your new jeans (which can be done as well), I would recommend Armando.I had him help me re-fit a couple of suits (in the right direction :)), which included remaking the jacket and pants.  Suits fit great, price was fair, and he's a good guy to do business with.
<review# 1104,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2011,5/2/2012,69,8,,5,5>I love this place. I discovered it right here on Yelp a few months ago by searching for a "cheap lunch" near Fourth St in San Rafael. Well, I got just that, but a lot more! Forgive the cheesiness, but I seriously fell for this restaurant. I started coming at least once, sometimes twice a week for lunch or dinner.My go-to is always the yogi bowl. You get a little bit of everything, which changes every day. The veggies are always fresh and delicious, with my favorites zucchini & squash leading the pack. I've had both the quinoa and the basmati rice as the grain dish, which are both really good. I like the curry soup best, but the black eyed pea I've had there has been also tasty. Honestly, I have never eaten anything here and been really disappointed. Some days are more delicious than others, but it's never bad. They also do a juice squeeze thing that changes all the time as well. It's lovely and complements the food quite nicely. They also sometimes have little daily specials that I've enjoyed. Once it was braised BBQ tofu, and another time it was sesame ginger tofu with Padron peppers which was absolutely to die for. I was so glad I had leftovers of that to enjoy later at home! This is keeping in mind that I've never been a fan of tofu before I had it here.I tried the salad once and it wasn't really my thing. My mom loved it though, so hey! I think that is honestly the only thing I've had where I thought "ehh" rather than "mmmm."I seriously get bummed out when it's a day they're not open and I'm craving it. Try this place out!
<review# 1105,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2010,5/1/2012,27,5,,6,3>Dr. Lie (pronounced "Lee") is amazing!   I was devastated when I learned that my cat, Micah, has diabetes and that the natural herbal route wasn't working.  Dr. Lie was so kind to me, helped me understand the disease and explained that there are so many cats that live with diabetes.  His bedside manner is top notch!  He deals well with cranky cats too - Micah has been labeled as an agressive cat with other vets - but Dr. Lie is able to handle him in a gentle manner.  He follows through by calling or emailing with lab results right away.  I was blown away when I received an email from him just to check in and see how Micah was doing.  He truly cares about the animals and their parents too!I also met other clients in the waiting room who said they followed him from San Francisco to San Rafael because they will bring their animals to no one else.  I highly recommend him - he is the best!
<review# 1106,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2010,4/30/2012,9,20,,3,2>This place has insane bbq chicken tacos. Get the dinner plate, it's very good. The music is kind of loud sometimes in there but the food rocks.
<review# 1107,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2009,4/29/2012,35,77,1,5,5>I like the fact that the San Rafael Library is right next to city hall. If I'm at city hall I always drop by the library to browse. This library is very organized and computer space is always available. I never had a problem getting a computer right away or a small wait for one. I also like the fact that the magazines and newspapers are next to the computers. The flow of the library is mapped out well. I like the grab the wall street journal or Sunday New York Times to read at the library. It saves me a good $3.00 each week and I like being around old books too. Staff is very friendly and helpful.
<review# 1108,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2012,4/28/2012,724,333,4,10,4>I'm way overdue on this - my buddy and I went by here for Happy Hour. It's a beautiful wooden bar and cocktail area with class. Like an exclusive club with high initiation fees. We were attended to by Chrissy or is it Christie or perhaps a K. Point is - she was Outstanding - great disposition, funny, friendly, knowledgable, and went out of her way to take care of us. We were both extremely pleased - it made my night, and uplifted my view of the place ten fold. I've recommended it to everyone I know and now I'm telling you - GO THERE. Go for a wonderful meal and beautiful scenery or go for Happy Hour because it's one of the best in the area - but definitely GO.
<review# 1109,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2011,4/26/2012,5,16,,1,1>I just moved to Sausalito recently and my friend introduced me to the lattes at Cibo. I've never tasted a more delicious and smooth tasting coffee in my life-- with the exception of a couple spots over seas. Their choice to use Blue Bottle is both ethical and shows their eye toward quality. Until my last visit, I had only tried out the lattes, but this past weekend I had a go with the Eggplant Panini, it was fresh and so flavorful. I'll be back each weekend as long as I can afford it :)
<review# 1110,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2012,4/25/2012,34,294,3,3,3>I am about to move here.  I was excited when I put the deposit down on my new place that my friend took me here for brunch.  I am a sucker for french bistro food, and the croque madam was yum.  My friend's eggs benedict looked good.  It was crowded here and there was a wait, and i get it, cause it was good.  Nice view of the water, and there is a little beach nearby, and a little place to rent boats and stuff.  I will definitely be back here, and I want to try the dinner menu.  The service was really friendly, and the portions were perfect.  The music in here was cool too. Next time I will try the brussel sprouts with pumpkin seeds.
<review# 1111,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2010,8/3/2010,61,320,4,5,5>Everything at Arizmendi is YUM TASTIC!  Good thing there's a gym next door...Pizza of the day today was truly a treat - zuccini and yellow squash with feta and pesto, cooked to perfection with lots of melty yummy cheese.  A perfect lunch, and all those baked goods were calling  - nay, SCREAMING - my name from their cases, begging to be taken home.  I love everything about how this business is run, from the worker-owned cooperative to the friendly workers and extremely high quality goods they turn out day after day.  They have every reason to be incredibly proud and YOU have NO reason not to go there rightnow.
<review# 1112,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2010,8/2/2010,53,182,2,5,4>What do you get when you have an upstate New York guy falling in love with Texas BBQ, spiced with North Carolinian flare?  You get the Sebastopol BBQ Smokehouse restaurant and catering.My wife and I love BBQ, but the recent rainy weather has not been conducive to using my Weber.  This afternoon, we were hankering for good BBQ, so headed to this tucked away jewel we heard about on the advertising screen of one of our local movie theaters.When we arrived, we were in for several surprises.  We walked up the ramp to the dining area, only to find that there is no inside here.  All dining is al fresco on a patio enclosed by canvas and plastic.  But wait a minute -- it's winter, and there's no inside dining???The outdoor temperature was 46 degrees and overcast with a cold drizzling rain; we were chilled to the bone.  The last thing we wanted to do was eat outside but the young man at the counter invited us in, pointed out the register vents in the patio floor and encouraged us to sit a spell at a table near one of the vents.  What a surprise -- the vented heat actually did take the chill out of the air so we decided to stay (even though we kept our jackets on).We both ordered the pulled pork sandwich with a side of sweet pickles and cole slaw.  The pork was incredibly succulent, tender, sweet, juicy and amply proportioned.  My next surprise was that it wasn't drowned in BBQ sauce.  In fact, I couldn't see any sauce at all.  I was confused; I thought all BBQ sandwiches were slathered in sauce.  Once again, the nice young man explained that in real BBQ, the meat stands on its own -- the sauce is secondary.  And with that, he suggested the North Carolina BBQ sauce made from apple cidar vinegar, salt, sugar and chili flakes.  Okay, he didn't steer us wrong on the heat, I'll trust him on this one as well.  I'm glad I did.I poured the sauce over one half of my sandwich and determined to pour the traditional tomato-based sauce over the second half.  The first bite with the North Carolina sauce was a little bit of heaven.  Gosh it was good.  So good, that I only tried a bit of the other and then switched back.The next surprise was the cole slaw.  Every cole slaw I've had has been mayonnaise based.  This one was different.  The marinade base is oil and vinegar which made for a palate cleansing effect between chomps of pulled pork.  After finishing our sandwiches, we decided to order a side of wood-smoked chicken wings.  Again, there was no sauce, only rich smokey flavors infused into the meat.  Yet another surprise.Country and Cajun style music played from a speaker mounted under the eaves.I'm so glad we didn't turn and walk away.  We'll definitely come again, but probably when the weather warms up a bit.
<review# 1113,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2010,8/1/2010,81,202,12,11,11>This corner of Magnolia and King Street in Larkspur has always been relevant with the times.  I probably know too well.  Decades ago *ahem* I was the 5-year old looking out the window at it from St. Patrick's Grade School right across the street from this place. In the 1980's, this spot was a down-to-earth flower shop, Eubanks Florist.  In the 1990's, it evolved into a more "hip" coffee shop, Java Cafe.  By the 2000's, it went into the Stratosphere and became a "Do You Have a Reservation Six Months in Advance For Our Innovative Restaurant that only Serves Raw Vegetables?" type of place.  That was, until, one night, co-owner husband caught co-owner wife getting "hot and heavy" with one of the staff members, thus storming out into the packed dining room and announcing that dinner was free to everyone and that it was the final night of said Pretentious Restaurant.Or so the story goes.  And so do the 2000's, thankfully...Cue a rainy Sunday afternoon in January 2010, and discover that this place has become something much more relaxing and approachable than its former tenants.  Authentic, Wood-Fired, Thin-Crust pizzas like the Della Santa with Broccoli, Roasted Onions and Peppers, Garlic and Mozzarella.  A fantastic Caesar salad that can be split by two; Straus Vanilla (or chocolate) Soft Serve to finish it off.  This place is cool, but small...you are going to hear that awkward first date ask each other questions like "Um, what sports do you like...?" across the way.  Which, actually, only makes everyone smile and like the place even more.  So, back down-to-earth this corner of King and Magnolia has become...and that is something to be thankful for!  Hopefully the kid staring out the window from St. Patrick's Grade School today will be able to talk about this place 30 years in the future?  Something tells me that it will evolve (fortunately or unfortunately) into something else sooner than that...
<review# 1114,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/30/2009,7/31/2010,26,112,2,10,9>This beach is fantastic and I think better than Stinson and other beaches going up to Bodega bay.What you need to have the best beach day there:1. Plan for a all day, good relaxed time2. Cooler with snacks and beverages3. Trash collecting items (bag)-- this beach is SUPER clean-- lets keep it that way!!4. Walking shoes/flip flops-- you have to park 5 minutes away from the beach5. Dogs are allowed, on the left side of the beach-- but must be leashed.6. beach chairs or a towel. No benches or other sitting.7. they have a bathroom/rest area, but its pretty bare bones.
<review# 1115,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2009,7/30/2010,39,179,12,4,3>Yes.I enjoy and appreciate the Khoom Lanna.I'm still a Jhanthong Banbua die-hard, but Khoom Lanna is fine by me. Perhaps a little expensive for... almost identical cuisine, but not unacceptable. AND, as an added bonus for those of us that are hooked on Motel Thai... they share a server. He doesn't smile, and isn't so much with the words, but he remembers faces, and is quite efficient.Actually, I saw him smile once. I was at Jhanthong, and was ordering a (and forgive me if I get the spelling wrong) "Salad Kak." Now... I had ordered this salad dozens of times before, and have always enjoyed saying the "Kak" part because, let's be honest, I'm quite juvenile.(For those of you that don't get it? "Kak" is pronounced like "cack" which sounds a little bit like a dirty-word for a man's genitalia. I know. Stupid. Also. Sorry Mom.)I always giggle when I start to order that particular salad (Again. Juvenile.) and when I finally got to the salad, I overemphasized it. The whole order came out like this:"So... I'll have the Chicken Satay and... hmmm... What was I going to get? Curry? No. NO... It was a salad.... OH! RIGHT! Okay. Sorry. I just blanked out for a second. Um. Yeah. So. Um. I'll have the Salad Kaaaaaaakkkkkk."I kind of over did it.Still, Mr. Never-Smile, while never making eye-contact, giggled and smiled as he wrote down my order.And that? That gave me pleasure.Khoom Lanna. Yes.
<review# 1116,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/8/2009,7/29/2010,141,176,3,3,3>This place has lots of pros to it like clean restaurant, on and off site beer sales, an attentive staff and appearingly owner, as well as friendly service.I ordered the crab and fish sandwich as it was claimed to be delicious. Along with a chowder of the day. The server forgot to put sprouts on my sandwich and offered it on the side.The style of this deli is walk up, read boards, look at things behind the glass, and much like a school style cafeteria you get your tray of food and slide it down metal railings toward a cash register. Lots of the food looked good, albeit not always the freshest., as in prepared lasagna which by principal isn't a big deal. However, much of it did look pre-purchased rather than prepared on site.My friend and I pretty much ordered the same thing but picked out different drinks. After grabbing our drinks from a cooler, we then placed them on our tray and paid for our meals.I loved that there is an alcove to sit in that faces the outside. It gives the feeling of being homely sheltered while still letting the sun and fresh air in ... and still getting to people watch that pass us by.Unrelated that ruined the meal a bit (but honestly we were mostly done) was a couple of young ladies walking their dogs. One of the dogs was running and pooping much to the lack of notice from the women.Back to the food at hand. The soup was good but a little thin for my tastes for a chowder and a bit over salted. Lots of clams though which was a plus. I can't say I was very impressed with the sandwich though. For the money I would have expected a bit more crab or the same amount of crab if the crab was real and not the fake red stuff mostly made of fish. Thus where the sandwich gets it ingredients list as "crab and fish". The dressing was more thin soupy and made the bread soggy. The spice I recognized as similar (if not) Bay Seasoning. Though the celery was a nice touch.I did also ask for water. The water was tap and served in a small cup. Not even thinking I was particularly thirsty I still had to go back twice to refill the cup.I know there are a lot of good reviews for this place and I do really want to like it. I just can't say what I had was stellar. I'll update another review if or when I go back. I just really think for the money there are a lot of better sandwich places out there ... because when I hear deli, I think good sandwiches!
<review# 1117,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2010,7/28/2010,30,42,2,9,5>I will be completely honest....I was never into the river until I decided to rent a canoe and connect with mother nature.  My goodness the Russian River is beautiful! We had a fabulous time. I saw a bald eagle, 4 turtles and baby ducks. The river is majestic and tranquil. Everyone at River's Edge were friendly and very hospitable. We arrived on time, the shuttle left on time and everything was very efficient. Kids love it!....great family fun!
<review# 1118,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2009,7/27/2010,352,403,2,7,6>I came here with some coworkers for a "work" dinner, and was pretty impressed.  The "private" dining area was a nice spot to eat and have a conversation, with a very chill vibe.For appetizers we had the Tuna Tartare, which was served on top of fried sticky rice in the shape of tater tots.  I also enjoyed the Stuffed squash blossoms (fried with corn), and the avocado bruschetta with balsamic was an interesting fresh taste.For the main course I had the fettuccine, one of the mini burgers and a bit of the grilled quail with roasted grapes.  Most of their dishes seemed to have a Japanese/Italian fusion theme that lead to some pretty unique and delicious tastes.  It all worked, and I was impressed.  I think this would make for a good date spot, pretty classy so it shouldn't offend anyone.There is either a valet or street parking, if you are coming from the north side of Magnolia, you can make a right on Kings and a right on Locust for dinnertime parking.The signs for the bathrooms are a bit confusing, one is a tomato and one is a squash.  Pretty sure they are unisex...  (hope so!)
<review# 1119,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2010,7/26/2010,184,265,6,5,6>I don't know what membership rates are here....I don't even know all of their facilities or services offered...I just tag along here with my boyfriend (a member) to use the hot tub, work out on the elliptical, and sunbathe outside occasionally. This is a pretty clean facility and never crowded, machines always working and easy to configure. Thank you for keeping my butt tight, toned, and tanned.
<review# 1120,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2010,7/25/2010,99,207,,5,2>Umi Sushi is becoming my favorite Marin Sushi joint. Wonderful service and tasty tasty tasty food. It really doesn't get any better. On our last visit, we enjoyed homemade gyoza, chicken udon, spicy tuna rolls, salmon & green onion rolls and a philly roll. We had a lot of food and I was very happy about our full belly results. We had wonderful wait service. There is nothing I can complain about at Umi sushi. We loved everything we got! Umi is the place to be :)
<review# 1121,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2007,9/22/2008,861,621,22,15,22>Coworker Sailing Trip 10/07--- Last month my boss announces to our team that the founders of our company will be coming out to San Francisco (for a meeting) and want to take our SF team out for a nightime sail and party on the bay..... hmm, now THIS could be interesting.As I mentioned, this event was at night.... And anyone who has sailed in the arctic winds of the SF Bay knows how freezing it is out there. Even at high noon in the middle of summer you wear a coat. This was October and at night-- so we bundled like it was january in northern wisconsin.To keep us warm they arranged for an open bar.... Which I knew would make the trip extra memorable. They also provided blankets for us just in case. Down below deck they had a nice spread of food laid out for us as well. This was a chartered sail and the sailing crew was great--they let us take the helm for most of the cruise but did all the hard sailing duties for us. Thanks Pamela and the really cute cabin boy who's name escapes me!It was a gorgeous fall night and the views were amazing.....  really is nothing more beautiful than the glittering lights of the SF Skyline from the bay.The sun started to set just as we got close to the Golden Gate bridge towards the Pacific Ocean and that's when the alcohol started to settle in......and all of a sudden the music got really loud. The boat also got really rocky as we headed further out to sea. Some of us started to get numb from the cold and we went below deck where the party was in full swing.... And I'm not even kidding. My coworkers were literally swinging from the rafters trying to hold on. The boat was tipped on an extreme angle and kept changing positions so we all had to hold on or get seriously hurt. I'm not even joking but at one point both my legs were actually in the air as I held onto the ladder. The weirdest part?  All the food laid out on the table was totally intact on the platters like they were held down with glue. Which made us laugh even harder. Or it could've been all that free beer and wine, but at one point there we all were dangling from the furniture like monkeys and roaring laughing because we looked and felt so ridiculous.So the night was fun as expected, and we definitely had some great gossip floating around the office the next day..... another "adventure" with the coworkers. Like we don't spend enough time together already or something.....  Love you crazy people and even though none of you admit to having Yelp accounts I KNOW that you do and read all my reviews! hahaha oh, and obviously I recommend Bay Breeze Charters 100%.
<review# 1122,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2007,9/20/2008,39,196,5,4,5>In the weekly circular I found you Mi Tierra, oh how I thank the weekly circular!  You are abundant in everything south of the border. A fresh deli with meats and cheeses, produce galore (8 limes for a dollar..take that united Market!) All the goodies to make the tamales I like, pre-marinated meats, a great frozen section and fresh bread every day.  I love coming here and always think I will be spending a ton of my grocery budget, but I walk out with four bags and still have money to blow at the taqueria on the corner. It can get a bit sketchy at night, so I only come during the day.  There is a parking lot and lots of good people watching, no one really speaks English here either. So if you don't know Espanol enough to say what you need I will gladly go with you. I shop on Friday mornings.
<review# 1123,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2007,9/19/2008,30,152,7,6,4>3 1/2 starsSooner or later during your pregnancy you will succumb to those goofy pregnancy jeans with the massive cotton waist-panel that spans your entire stomach (which now ends at your underwire). You will stop fighting with those utterly futile hip-riding maternity jeans (that may as well be leg warmers for all the effort you have to put into keeping them up over your butt - maternity coinslot is not hot), and you will find warm comfort in properly designed maternity pants.I have purchased a half dozen or so pairs of pants from Motherhood - all kinds of pants: jeans, cords, cargos, basic black capris, etc... - they're all cute (as long as you don't lift your shirt to reveal the awful waistband), unbelievably comfortable and reasonably priced.Their shirts are another story: If you started out with anything to speak of "up top," you'll probably look like Dolly Parton during pregnancy. For some inexplicable reason Motherhood's shirts are designed for the relatively flat-chested.
<review# 1124,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2007,9/18/2008,9,6,2,6,3>Jeff Is my absolute favorite message therapist. It is a challenge to describe in words the bliss that he transmits through his bodywork. He is a master of the healing arts.  He has a calm, healthy, secure nature and has impeccable boundaries, energetically and otherwise.  I trust him entirely and can completely let go of all thoughts while letting him take care of my body and its stored tension. He carries a gift for intuitively knowing how and what to work on throughout the message. I never need to make suggestions, because he is always right there with what my body needs. He works in message studios both in San Rafael and San Francisco and his rates are very reasonable. A Jeffrey Leaver message is the perfect gift for yourself and your loved ones.
<review# 1125,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2008,9/17/2008,76,113,3,4,3>Easily the best brew pub in Marin County, and a mecca for bicyclists and family dining.  Mike and Anne Altman have created a fun place, with live music, great beer and very good food that has become one of the most popular gathering places in Fairfax.The beers are fine and quite consistent. The amber is a solid mid-range beer, and the ales are quite hoppy. Get a sampler if you aren't sure of your preferences.  The food is well prepared, and sometimes innovative -- for example, try the Fuji Apple salad or the Tiger Shrimp salad, both of which can be a full meal.  They do great burgers and fries too, and sometimes have excellent specials.  If something with a Mexican name shows up, try it -- the chef is from south of the border.Mike's musical preferences are wide ranging, and you will often hear bluegrass, folk, Grateful Dead, reggae, or other iconic music from the '60's and '70's.  The local live bands that perform on Wednesday evenings and Saturday afternoons are a treat.  You can get schedule info on their web site.  They have a separate room that will accomodate about 15 people, or can arrange tables for groups of 20 or more.Lots of families with kids dine there early in the evening, especially Tuesday nights, when there is a special.  Later in the evening the bar is crowded, and you'll meet local business folks, town council members, lots of people that know each other.  Highly recommended.
<review# 1126,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2008,9/16/2008,183,223,3,3,3>100th review!!!!!!  WOOOOOOHOOOOO! 5 stars for the restaurant. 5 stars for the waitstaff1 star for the inn, which i am not letting affect my ratings because dinner was that great.came for our 4th anniversary jaunt up north.  drove in after an 8 mile hike, still wearing boots, grime and sweat.  the old man and i made a deal that 200 was our limit on a room for the night.  she quoted 270 and to my surprise the old man agreed.  cause i'm that worth it.  we ended up with a room at their new location up the street at a b&b they had just bought.  we drove up and checked it out and it was a run down house with small rooms that were poorly decorated and the size of our closets at home.  we went back to the inn and talked to colette.  she refunded our money and was really, really great about it.  dinner was wicked awesome.  our server was molli- and she rocked.  after asking where we were going to stay, she made several calls to try to find us somewhere, even calling a friend who owned an inn.  she was very attentive and friendly but not imposing.  whoever complained about the service obviously didn't get molli.for starters we had 4 types of oysters.  got the cooked ones with bacon and the ones with garlic and the raw with tomatoes and with champagne and red onions.  the last one was my favorite, maybe the best tasting thing of the night.  i wish i had more than 1.  the old man got a small plate of tartar which was put together beautifully and he said it was the best tasting thing he had in a long time.  i thought it had a bit too many kumquats but it was great.  i had a half bottle of the honig sauvignon blanc which was sweet but went well with my meal.  for my entree i had the sea bass which came with amazing fresh peas, chantrells and fiddlehead ferns.  the veggies were unbelievably fresh and delicious.  the sea bass was cooked perfectly and tasted awesome.  for dessert i had chocolate peanut butter mouse type cakes with basil infused strawberries and organic rose ice cream.  the old man ordered his own dessert and still managed to eat half of mine.  it was divine.  overall, it was a fantastic dinner with awesome service.  they get big props for using sustainable, organic, local ingredients.  we would love to go back someday, but will need to start saving now because it is pricey.  if i found 150 bucks in the sofa, i would drive there in a heartbeat.
<review# 1127,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2008,9/15/2008,202,399,1,5,6>Wow. An amazing trip to just get out there! It was cold, windy and super foggy when I was there just recently...on a summer day. The ranger who was tending the lighthouse lens was really knowledgable about the 1st order fresnel lens, its history and all of the legends around it. The lens is beautiful. Definitely worth a see. A gorgeous drive, and going up  the stairs is a bonus mini-work out after sitting in the car for so long. Can't wait to go again, and explore more...and maybe check out the beaches. On a side note: If you're an Oyster fan, be sure to make a pit stop at Drake's Oyster Farm to have fresh oysters on the half shell or take some home. Mmmm...fresh briny goodness.
<review# 1128,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2008,9/14/2008,36,347,4,5,4>Thank you Yelpers, you have done it again!My Dad and my 18 year old brother were in town for one night only and asked me to find a place for us to eat at. I was warned my brother is still super finicky but is always happy with Mexican food and my Dad (knowing my more refined tastes- especially when Dad's paying) asked that I choose somewhere not too fancy. My Mom had suggested the Cantina in Mill Valley. I checked out the reviews for it which were pretty mixed(I guess it was recently purchased by Carlos Santana and is now called Maria, Maria?). I then decided to check out what was rated highest which is how I stumbled upon Avatar's. So it's not Mexican per se, BUT- it did claim to have Mexican influences... would my bro go for it I wondered? I bit the bullet and made reservations.My BF and I met my Dad and bro in front of Avatar's and I could already see my brother cringing. He looked at the signs advertising no dairy and low carbs and rolled his eyes. My Dad seemed hesitant as well but we made our way inside. Within minutes my brother was told he was about to have the best meal of his life. Seriously. The Avatar man makes ridiculously high claims but I wanted to believe every word. We began with Indian beers (Australian ginger beer for bro) and Samosas. To my disbelief, neither my Dad or bro had ever had Indian food (they live in Solvang and are a bit sheltered, OK?) and were a little wary of fried potatoes w/peas. They needn't have been. My brother ate his Samosa in 30 seconds flat (they come in a delicious creamy sauce reminiscent of Spanish Mole). He who abhors all things grown from the ground, was nibbling at everything brought out from pickled carrots to sweet mangoes. I don't think he had ever experienced such flavors. For entrees my Dad ordered the salmon enchiladas, bro had the crab enchiladas, I had the veggie spinach pasta dish w/a curry tomato reduction, and BF was courageous and told Avatar man what he likes/doesn't like and was promised something truly out of this world. Well, we were all in heaven. Seriously, I think it's the first time I enjoyed a meal with my family without a single complaint. Bro ate up every last drop of his enchiladas, as did my father. BF's mystery dish ended up being Sea Bass and Ahi Tuna in a sauce similar to my curry tomato reduction which he LOVED. We were all pleasantly stuffed but agreed we had to sample Avatar's Dream which as mentioned in other reviews, is AWESOME. A frozen creamy pistachio cheesecake (sans the cream cheese) of sorts, it like our dishes, was gone in minutes.I can't think of anything better than exposing my small town family to some new food and having them..., [gasp]... love it. Everything that's been previously written in other reviews is all true. At the risk of sounding completely generic, I'm going for it anyway... This place is a true one of a kind dining experience which surprisingly has something to offer for everyone. Perfect for families, friends, or dates, I cannot wait to come back!!
<review# 1129,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2008,9/13/2008,15,8,5,8,6>San Francisco google mappers beware!  Sometimes google maps will tell you to take highway 1 all the way to the coast to get to the restaurant.  This is not right.  If you're coming from SF, Buckeye is right off 101.On to the review:My friend said it best while we were there.  "This place is a cross between Buck's in Woodside and MacArthur Park."  It had that venture capital big timer clientele with great american food.  Other than the food, the waiter was the best part.  He was a true professional.  Couple jokes here and there and left us alone for the most part.  Well played, waiter-guy.Started with Oysters Bingo.  I said BINGO because they were cooked.  (Not much of an oyster guy, but these were right up my alley).Brisket for dinner.  Good stuff.  Had a couple ribs also.  Good times.  Dessert was S'mores pie.   Thought I had died and gone to heaven.  Only reason I didn't give five stars was that my mint julep was kind of weak.  Maybe it's my fault for ordering it.
<review# 1130,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2008,9/12/2008,553,297,2,3,2>Hello, Beautiful!I don't care if I can't find parking near-by, because I'm goin' hikin'!!I love, love, love your beautiful scenes. More so than the worlds in N64-Zelda! zzomg. Where else could a lonely Cal student go with their best bud to take artsy-fartsy pictures of everything from centipedes to 200-year old trees!?We did get lost, but eventually ran into half-naked people telling us we parked not 50-meters from where we were standing. Nice people, too. The kind with French accents and 'North Face' jackets.Take your kids and let them get dirty... or, take your parents and let them get dirty, too!
<review# 1131,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2009,9/11/2009,67,339,4,8,8>Well, it could be that the owner wasn't around (because I hear he's a soggy mop in a damp, musky dungeon), it could be the beautiful day, amazing company, friendly and knowledgable pourer, or tasty wine, but my experience at Iron Horse was pretty fantastic. I got to taste a bit of the still, but got myself the bubbly flight (for that is what they are known for here), and had a beautiful time. Unlike what I have deemed "wine alley" in these here parts, Iron Horse sits by itself within its sweeping vineyard, offering samplings of their enjoyable product -- no more, no less. I'll certainly be back.
<review# 1132,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2009,9/10/2009,10,42,2,8,5>Quite easily the most wonderful tanning salon I have EVER been to. Each room is careful thought out, the staff is helpful, sincere, and friendly, and the prices are unbeatable, especially considering it feels more like a spa than a normal tanning salon. I regularly use their Mystic Tanning, and always have fabulous results. Everything is also extremely clean, and I am always thrilled with the service. However, my recent airbrush tan with Chiara now has me hooked. Not only did she make me feel comfortable, I got the most AMAZING tan (10 tens long!) at a reasonable price. Why go anywhere else? I recommend this place to all of my friends.
<review# 1133,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2009,9/8/2009,83,446,2,6,5>We had dinner there on a recent Thursday night. I ordered exactly the right things. The mushroom soup (special) was superb. Very subtle layers of flavor made my enjoyment of it increase exponentially as I spooned it down. mmmmmm. Then I had the salmon (pan seared) atop (which I immediately liberated each thing to its own corner) mashed Jerusalem artichokes which were perfect. My dessert, an apple tart was good, but nowhere near perfection. And the waitress assured me my coffee would come with half and half, and sadly, it was only blah milk. Still, what I had was worth going back for. I would just bring my own half and half.
<review# 1134,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2009,9/7/2009,121,139,6,8,7>THE. HOLY. GRAIL.I must confess, that ice cream and I are best friends.  So, out of respect to my sweet & highly caloric best friend (even with all her faults, I love my friend) I have shunned frozen yogurt for many years.  I thought that nothing could ever compare in deliciousness to ice cream.  Boy, was I wrong!!Tuttimelon is wonderful.  Even though it's fat free, it doesn't have that tapioca-ish texture that fat free ice cream has.  It has healthy probiotics, and tons of flavors that you will be hard pressed to find elsewhere.  Unfortunately, I cannot tell you about all the flavors and toppings they carry, since I was much too busy stuffing my face with Coconut-Almond Joy.  You'll just have to come in for yourself  :  DThey get half a star off, because it was way too hot in there, much hotter than outside.  A fan or two would be greatly appreciated.
<review# 1135,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2009,9/6/2009,61,320,2,6,5>MT. Tam state park is in my backyard so I get to hike all the time!  We summited Tam today from Mountain Home Inn via fire roads, then some really narrow and  steep trail that may or may not have a name.  Headed back down via Fern Creek Trail (beautiful) to Hog Back Road which is INCREDIBLY STEEP!  My knees are killin'.  I love this state park because its so close to home and there's so much to explore.   The trail signs are somewhat lacking at times and there doesnt' seem to be many good free maps out there, so getting lost is a definite possibility.  Still, its a fantastic park and chock full o' beauty.  Don't shut it down Governator!
<review# 1136,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2009,9/5/2009,32,117,,23,6>I can't believe Hood Mtn hasn't been added before. My guess is that it's an addendum to Sugarloaf, but it's a park in it's own right & as such deserves a separate review. We went to the North Pythian Rd entrance & didn't have a $5 bill for the parking fee - urgh, so drove back down & parked near Los Guilicos & the equestrian parking area on Eliza Rd for free. The Lower Johnson Ridge trail starts here & runs .8 miles to the parking area with porto bathroom, drinking fountain & excellent signage. The ranger was there when we arrived & very kindly offered us a trail map when he observed us studying the trail map on the signage. From there we continued up the Lower Johnson Ridge Trail, then headed up the Panorama Ranch Trail at the suggestion of a woman who works at REI and comes here often. That had some exquisite views & was lightly traveled, so our dog was able to run off-leash (rules say that dogs are on-leash always, but hey, at least they're allowed, unlike at Annadel). I pushed for an ascent of Hood Mtn summit & then a side trip to Gunsight Overlook, which was very impressive for views of SF, Oakland, and SF Bay. Backtracked down Hood Mtn Trail to Upper Johnson Ridge Trail, then to Pond Trail (Blue Heron Pond was iced over - a fun surprise since it wasn't that cold) and hooked back up to Lower Johnson Ridge Tr. back to the parking lot & then another .8 mile to our car. We only stopped 1x for snacks & were gone 4.5 hrs total. Moderately strenuous hike, not for beginners or those out of shape. We're all tired, including the dog, but really enjoyed the day.
<review# 1137,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2009,9/4/2009,79,88,7,8,9>My introduction to LImerick Lane was so wonderful!  A friend of mine won a food and wine tasting with Michael Collins.  I was so lucky to be invited along for this adventure since Michael had prepared some wonderful dishes to pair with some fantastic wines!  We were given a tour of the inner workings of their winery and it was really interesting to say the least of the experience! They even have a pool shaped like a wine bottle!  I love their Zins and they have a beautiful Zin/Syrah blend that is exquisite!  Michael and Gina were very gracious hosts and I will be back for more of their great wines!
<review# 1138,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2009,9/3/2009,40,177,5,8,7>I've been to Syrah a few times for dinner.  I am always a happy happy camper when I leave.  The food is more than terrific, it is a perfect balance of high end dining and home cooking.   But, after reading the "burger wars" in our local newspaper, I decided I needed to go for lunch, just to have the burger.  Am I glad I did?  You betcha!  A perfectly grilled ground chuck burger, on a perfectly toasted bun (how it got so toasty without getting overly brown?  I just don't know) served with some wonderful fantastic house made bread and butter pickles and a heaping serving of crisp and tender fries (seasoned just right with salt and a bit of parsley); Yummers!  I chose to have the Syrah vertical to taste with my burger, if you choose a bottle or glass, go with the Longboard Syrah, it's a great match.  And if you really want to be entertained, sit at the counter and watch the chefs prepare the food!LindySez: Why go to Dennys, Chilis, Applebees or Cocos for a burger?  For about a buck fifty more, you get excellent service, along with a perfectly cooked burger and a great presentation. Oh, and did I mention the fries?  I say OK Syrah Syrah!
<review# 1139,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2008,8/31/2009,39,179,4,6,5>Had to rent a wireless mic for a wedding this past weekend, and Zone came through. Knowledgeable staff that never made me feel like an idiot for not knowing certain terms that I actually did but acted as though I didn't. I like to test people... What can I say?Specifically, Memo helped me out and was as cool as a cucumber on ice.I've purchased guitars, strings, tuners, amps, picks, and... all sorts of things from Zone, and as far as Sonoma County goes... There's no better music store. Although... Tall Toad deserves mention.
<review# 1140,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2009,8/30/2009,39,92,3,4,4>Great lunch special, extremely cheap for a large plate of really good chinese food. Not the most upscale looking place, but the servers are all nice and the service is quick and attentive.I've had the sweet and sour chicken, fried rice, the general's chicken, and the lemon chicken. Of these I'd recommend the lemon chicken and the general's chicken as my favorites, but all of them were very good and the portions were very generous for under 6 dollars a plate.
<review# 1141,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2009,8/29/2010,108,294,4,5,5>After a couple of "bummer, man!" tastings, Alpha Omega lived up to its fancy-pants grounds and prices. Whew!Our server, John, was GREAT! He had the coolest voice - sorta quiet and husky, actually reminded us all of Paul Giamatti in Sideways... He was super friendly and knowledgeable. And with that voice, I could have listened to him talk all day. Maybe my other tasting experiences would have been better if we'd tossed John in the trunk and brought him with us?? Hmmm.Anyway, we tried: Chardonnay (SB was sold out) - was pretty good, but I prefer my chardonnay unoaked. Bring on that steel barrel taste! This was surprisingly buttery in scent and taste too. Rose - I'm not a big fan of Roses, and this was pretty much what I expected. Not terrible though.Cabernet Sauvignon - wowee! good stuff here, and it should be, for $74 a bottle! Nice and complex.Proprietary Red - another wowee! I could see myself sipping this curled up in a comfy chair, by a crackling fire, snow falling softly outside... but I digress. We bought a bottle of this to give as a gift. My wallet hurts as a result, so they better like it!Like I mentioned above, the grounds are fancy, also pretty new. Big fountain out front. See the pretty picture I posted. They've got a nice patio overlooking said fountain with comfy chairs and chaises too. Alpha Omega is definitely worth your time amongst the 400-some odd wineries in this valley.
<review# 1142,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2009,8/28/2010,248,493,7,8,9>You can tell a true Sonoman by the ones that know this place as the town's original Greasy Spoon, Babes. This makes me wonder though, how much of a claim to fame is it to be bred in SONOMA. So, eh hmm....I was TOLD that Babes was...Dingy. It was dirty. And the old ladies were cranky. But you could get a huge burger and a side of greasy ass fries and you were down for the count the rest of the day. Time for an update, time for a change and Boy Howdy, we didn't even KNOW it was time for Fremont! All local, all in season ALL a treat. Burgers and fries done not just right - deliciously. Shrimp Po' Boys with sweet tender shrimp and a light crispy batter, and my current favorite, the Gardener's Sandwich. Thick sliced toasted sourdough bread, generous slather and a half of goat cheese, fennel, sauteed root vegetables and a grin from ear to ear is what occurs. It's almost a phenomenon. Fried pies, let me tell you - you will be full from lunch, but no one, no how is too full for a fried apple pie. Hot off the stovetop, this is a delectable way to get that evasive apple a day. Clean as a whistle, neat as a pin and they've even got a pantry of homemade goods for you to grab and go, jams, jellies, pickled yummies - even homemade baking powder. Holy Rhubarb Compote Batman!It's a definite. Much needed update on that past Grease Bomb.or, so I'm told...
<review# 1143,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2010,8/25/2010,423,254,5,10,4>The Kunde family has been strong part of the Sonoma wine community since 1904. Marcia Kunde Mickelson is now 4th generation 'wine grower.'Kunde has over 1800 acres, over 700 planted with 20+ wine varietals.Kunde is a great example of how the old, established wineries can showcase a big, beautiful property, but not be the over the top palaces you often find, which I don't care for.I didn't get to tour them this time, but there is a large wine cave on the left, build directly under a gorgeous sweeping view of terraced grapevines. Next visit! Kunde also offers weddings. (Our contact person at first thought I was here to preview for a wedding! :o)Their tasting room is expansive, but tastefully and simply appointed. There is a large tasting bar, staffed by warm friendly people. At the far right is a seperate area with comfortable seating where they host the Grand Estate Series tasting experience. For $20 - this is more than worth it. Wine tasting should be leisurely, relaxing. This tasting experience allows you to try some of the very best of the offerings, in a relaxed comfortable setting, with generous pours. Today's tasting was:* 2006 Reserve Chardonnay. $34 retail. There are few chards that see new oak and full ML (malo-lactic fermentation) that I like, but this was one. Well balanced, and great body and mouthfeel, from extra time on the lees (sur lies). (spent yeast cells.) only 2900 cases*2005 Reserve Zinfandel. $45 retail. Zin is not my red varietal of choice, but its hard not to appreciate a zin that comes from vines planted in 1882, and allowed to age gracefully for complexity and character. Wine Enthusiast rated this a 92 for good reason. A great zin, only 1900 cases.*2004 Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon - Drummond VarietalI drink less Bordeaux varietals than I used to, so its always a treat when I find a cab I really enjoy, and this was one of my fave reds of the day. 89% cab, 11% Malbec, beautiful nose, big red fruit, and a pleasant finish that lingers like chocolate. Only 1200 cases made.* 2006 202 Meritage $42 retailHere's a wine tip for you. Meritage is NOT french, its an American term. So its NOT pronounced MARE-eh-TAJ, its  MARE-eh-tedge. :)Only two varietals went into this blend; 61% cab, and 39% merlot. A big wine, exploding with berries, and nicely balanced tannins.Zinfandel Port - NV. $25 retailMade with a blend from three different vintages (2001, 2002, and 2005) this liquid desert was further enhanced by pairing it with a chocolate truffle. Desert heaven!!If the reserve tasting doesn't interest you, the standard tasting is also worth My friends arrived early, and were treated very well at the tasting bar. Kunde offers a # of great varietals, make sure you seek out the one especially only sold at the winery, when you visit.I also tried the2008 Chardonnay Nu, or 'naked' chardonnay. This is an emerging style of chardonnay that is stainless steel only (no oak) and no ML fermentation. Done well, this style of chard is wonderful - all fruit, crisp acidity, and bright flavors. I have been trying many of this style chard recently and this one excels. I will be back for more!Kunde is also a green winery' -  In 2008 Kunde Family Estate received the GEELA Award, the Governor's Environmental and Economic Leadership Award for their sustainable practices and facilities, which is the state of California's highest environmental honor. Eco tours and Hikes are featured regularly.Actually with so many to try, I need to head back soon anyway!*post review add* After reading other reviews, I wish people knew what they were talking about when making derogatory comments. The negative on flies - fruit flies are an annual menace during harvest during fermentation and there is nothing you can do, even downtown Healdsburg tasting rooms, will see a few buzzing around. When I crushed wine at home this year, they find their way. This has nothing to do with the winery, and can't be avoided until the lil bastards die the first cold weather drop, and then even some survive.*cheersread more about wine, wine country and wine reviews atsimplehedonisms.com
<review# 1144,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2010,8/24/2010,54,279,,4,3>I really enjoyed the food here. I wasn't sure what to expect and went for something more traditional with beef and plantains. It was so good! I tried their special oil with chili infused and that was good as well but the food by itself was really delicious. I like that it is a little different, gives your palate something to think about. I'd like to go back and try a dessert, those looked good as well.
<review# 1145,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2010,8/23/2010,15,46,3,3,3>Relatively affordable and extremely delicious food-- I got the basic meal of baked chicken, white rice, and black beans with salad, and I was amazed at how delicious and moist the chicken was! And the rice is appropriately buttery. Yum.The boyfriend got a sandwich with some delicious garlic mayo and it was also absolutely delicious.The only downside here is the crowd!
<review# 1146,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2010,8/22/2010,127,301,4,4,4>My favorite yogurt place so far!!A friend of mine brought me here and I was surprised to find a SanJose-stylefrozen yogurt place in Petaluma! I can't stop thinking about how perfect it is!The routine: grab a cup, choose from 6 different flavors of froyo, add toppings, be happy.Froyo: different flavors every tuesday.. how awesome is that?! Toppings: WIDE selection.. very wide selection.Peeps: super friendly stuff.. patient too, with all the first timers!Location: super clean, pink, cute, and with a chalk-painted wall to awaken theinner artist in you.The parking lot is fairly small, so plan ahead when coming on a busy night.Also, you pay for the end-weight of the cup/bowl.. so you might wanna stay reasonablewith your toppings. The upside is that you can eat as little as you want if you'rejust in the mood for a quick snack. I normally manage to stay in the $2-3 range.
<review# 1147,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/15/2010,8/21/2010,40,177,2,2,2>If you like beer, they have a great beer deal...$1.00 for any draft.  Cheaper than getting a soda for sure; and probably offset by the, what I consider, high price of an average at best, burger.  I got the Texas Burger, supposed to be a Humbolt Grassfed patty (I gave them the extra star for that, otherwise it would have been 2 stars); the burger was done all right, I had just a touch of pink inside; along with some uninteresting BBQ sauce, grilled onions (I found a few); cheddar cheese (one thin slice) AND bacon, (some sort of strange round bacon like thing that was difficult to bite through) served on a slightly warmed but very soft bun.  Meh, it was o.k.  My husband had a burger with mushrooms on it and he thought grilled onions, but the onions were raw...again Meh...The french fries were fried, (frozen); and the onion rings were of perhaps a higher quality of frozen rings because they were pretty crisp, hot and good.  As I said though, if you like beer, they have a few on draft and are selling it for $1.00.  So, for 2 burgers, 1 order fries, 1 order onion rings and 2 beers?  $24.70.  LindySez: Unimpressed.  If I'm paying $25.00 for burgers, I think I can find a more comfortable place with service.
<review# 1148,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2010,8/20/2010,53,61,11,7,6>I have to agree with other reviewers that have described Slice of Life as hit-and-miss. Their menu is huge and I don't think I'll ever be able to try everything on it, but what I have tried has been either "meh" or "OMG AMAZING"!I wasn't impressed with the tofu om-let, veggie burrito, or "hot airs" (oven baked fries), but, my god, the pizza. This place is vegan pizza heaven. Of course, you can get dairy or soy cheese, but the other ingredients are so flavorful I don't miss cheese at all. The pesto is so good it makes me cry. Pricing is very reasonable for such tasty, quality ingredients on organic crust, and you can get any toppings you want on just one slice or on a full pizza (8 slices).Slice of Life's hippie environment makes me roll my eyes and smirk, but I'll keep coming back, again and again.
<review# 1149,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2009,8/19/2010,147,287,16,16,15>Dear Sweet mother of..I mean, seriously...I can't...Look. You know their beers. You've had their staples in plenty of bars. If you've put yourself about a bit, and are a connoisseur of tasty refreshing adult beverages, you've also enjoyed their seasonals like Gnarlywine, Hairy Eyeball, and of course, Cappuccino Stout.Now imagine going to their brewery. Going to their inner sanctum. Getting oodles of tasty goodness to sample, before getting a tour of the facility.Then there's the beer sanctuary. And the new schwag shop. Petaluma's got a wee slice of brewing heaven, and I suggest you check it out, toot sweet.I SAID NOW, MISTER!!!
<review# 1150,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2010,8/18/2010,340,166,14,22,19>All that really needs to be said is that they have the greatest selection of Mystery Science Theater 3000 I've seen in awhile.  They have an endless array of silent movies, most classic movies you can name, Greta Garbo movies... They have 'Home Movies' (Coach McGuirk!) on DVD, too.  They have a whole wing dedicated to television series, from Dallas to Mad Men, even Get A Life (all three seasons).  The cult selection seemed basic at first glance (If you've never seen Repo Man or a John Waters movie, then it's a great resource.)  But what is steampunk?  Come here and find out.  They've got a whole microsection on the movie genre.  And they've also dedicated a section to movies that have received the Criterion treatment.  Just beware of those late fees.  Netflix has been too kind: Return your Video Droid rentals on time, or you will be fined!  AV Club article on steampunk:avclub.com/articles/stea
<review# 1151,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2014,11/7/2014,21,86,4,5,6>Purchased two bikes here, roughly $1000 purchase.Friendly, attentive people working here.  Sometimes they are a little short on staff and so you've got to exercise some patience... but it's worth the wait.  Unlike our previous bike shop experience elsewhere, these guys acknowledge us as soon as we walk in the door, every time, even if we've got to wait a few minutes for help.James spent a good deal of time educating us and helping us make the right choice for our purchase, and it's been two months now - we are very pleased with our bikes and grateful we found this shop.  I don't hesitate to recommend this location if you're looking for a bike or service/parts.edit:  i should also mention they have a visually impressive selection of bikes available in store - but if they don't have the color/style/whatever you want, they have several other locations they can poach from.
<review# 1152,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2014,11/6/2014,156,1159,4,5,5>Wow!  The food here is spectacular.  French bistro style eats with some CA twists.  All organic, all the finest quality ingredients.  EVERYTHING made in house from scratch.I attended a Yelp event.  Tried samples of just about every dish made for the evening wine pop-up menu.  Literally 2 dozen, or more, items.  Quality, flavor and just purely luxurious satisfaction levels surpass the food I've had in most Paris, France bistros.  I know Paris well after 20+ visits, and I speak French.The shop is attractively decorated & provisioned. There's plenty of long plank counters and high stools to accommodate the breakfast ferry commuter crowd. Some outdoor tables for nice weather dining.There are several high end restos in this shopping center courtyard.  My opinion:  This place serves the best food.  And it ain't expensive.Go!
<review# 1153,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2014,11/5/2014,169,348,5,6,5>Seeing as I am currently the duchess of this establishment, I should probably leave a review :) Marin County gem. Best Chinese food around. Love this place. I have lived in Marin on and off for almost 30 years, and I just discovered this place a few weeks ago. I live for the dollar store next door, and as I was leaving, I noticed the "People on Yelp! Love Us" sticker in the window of Pings, so I wandered in. What a packed crowd during the lunch hour! No wonder the tiny parking lot is usually bustling with cars. I came in and ordered the lunch special-- spicy basil chicken with chow mien. Also came with a delightful egg roll. Ordered a Sprite (I knooooooooooow, I know... trying to cut out soda, but it was hot, the can was glistening with condensation from the cold fridge. Had to have.) I asked for it spicy, and it came spicy. And the sauce was just DELIGHTFUL. It was thick and packed with flavor. I came back another time because my meal was so good and got dinner entrees- chicken in black bean sauce, chicken chow mien and the spicy basil chicken again (couldn't resist). The food was quick (ordered in the restaurant for take-out), hot, spicy, full of flavor, and made for EXCELLENT left overs. There's no true Chinese food restaurant test like how the food tastes cold the next day straight out of the fridge. Perfection.
<review# 1154,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2014,11/4/2014,32,203,6,6,5>Yeah, those pork belly biscuit things are ridiculous.  Seriously ridiculous.Squid ink pasta...perfect.The fried quail should come in a 30-piece bucket.  I'd kill one by myself.The meatballs, the crudo, the veggies, the wines, the service -- it's all a party on your table.Go here.
<review# 1155,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2014,11/3/2014,62,68,2,7,5>A trip to the Russian River valley wouldn't be complete without a stop at the Wine Guerrilla in Forestville, CA. The winemaker is Mr. Bruce Patch, he is what I like to call the Wizard of Zin. He hand selects from special vineyards that produce only the best fruit. Last time I checked they had around 20 different kinds of Zin and Old vine, the blends are equally delicious...Beautiful custom art on each bottle makes for a lovely gift. I guarentee you will find one or two that will suit your palate! I highly recommend a visit.
<review# 1156,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2014,11/2/2014,15,77,5,7,6>A must see if you are a fan of Jack London, or if you just like history, hiking or adventure.  $10 entrance fee will get you in the park, and you can start wondering around the visitor center, the museum, the cottage and the park.  There is also Wolf House, which is the ruins of London's dream house that perished in a fire.  The staff/volunteers' hospitality and knowledge is superb.  I think the admission fee to the cottage is $4 per person, but it's well worth it as you get a fab tour of it, and they make history come alive.  I would suggest loading up on food/drinks from the Glenn Ellen Market and having a picnic before/after the tour.  They seem to have plenty of picnic tables at the park.  Also, the Benzinger winery is nearby if you are up for some wine tasting.  Enthusiastic thumbs up for Jack London State Park!
<review# 1157,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2014,11/1/2014,23,42,3,7,6>You know what I hate? When bakeries can't get a freakin Red Velvet Cake or cupcake right. Usually places will just make a "Red Velvet cupcake" with chocolate cake and red dye, essentially it tasting like well, chocolate cake. NOT Sift's though. Sift's has the best Red Velvet Cupcakes around and understands the flavor and color of a Red Velvet cupcake. There are few things that get me in a good mood instantly. Sift's Red Velvet cupcakes are one of them. Oh and these other flavors are pretty good too. ~Snickerdoodle~Cheesecake (My husband's favorite)~Carrot CakeThank you Sift's for making the best Red Velvet cupcakes around.
<review# 1158,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2014,10/31/2014,83,446,6,7,7>We meandered to Petaluma today for a mini vacation from Mill Valley. A lovely couple we met at a restaurant in MV last week told us this place was great and so we gave it a try. Preface this with no one is pickier than me. It is now my #1 go to Italian restaurant in the SF Bay area. The house made foccacia and garlic oil dip were great. The garlic is slooooow roasted and very sweet. For a starter I had their Caesar salad with anchovies. It was textbook perfect and then some. My husband had the tomato soup with crab. I loved it and slurped a bunch of it. Next I had the papperdelle with tomato, prosciutto, and asparagus. It was a very nice sized portion and all the flavors and textures were a perfect marriage equal to way more than the sum of its parts. What a treat to discover this gem of a restaurant. We made a reservation for my birthday and I'm soooo looking forward to going back.
<review# 1159,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2014,10/30/2014,139,91,4,5,5>I love how they seem to have regulars that they know by name, that is always a good sign. They are more than happy to make you something that is not on the menu if you ask. A customer ahead of me wanted beef and bok choy only and they made it no problem at all. I ordered vegetable stir fry rice and I do not care for baby corn or the mushrooms they use ;so I asked for white mushrooms and broccoli to be substituted and it was a dollar extra . My order was great and although nearly $9.00  just for rice, it was enough for the next day or too share with a friend.  I already had bbq pork at home to go with it. I rated 4 stars as I really need to try some more dishes before I can give,them a 5.
<review# 1160,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2014,10/29/2014,23,34,7,8,7>Bella Rosa Coffee Co is the reason I started drinking coffee again. They produce the tastiest coffee beverage one could ask for. My favorite roast is the Roaster's Reserve, hands down....but the Morning Star and Four Seasons are excellent as well. They also make the best cup of decaf coffee I have ever had.I often would get a stomach ache after drinking a cup or two of coffee each morning, but not with Bella Rosa. There is no bitterness or burnt taste, nor do I experience any gut issues after I have a few cups. Their coffee tastes incredible compared to most other coffees, and I'm happy to see that several stores in the area carry Bella Rosa now, and some local restaurants do as well. I work up the street from their actual store location near the Airport,  which is awesome because I can pop over there on my lunch break, bring in my coffee tin for a refill, get a free cup of coffee for refilling my tin and grab a sandwich for lunch before I head back to work. It's perfect. Their food is excellent. The smoked turkey with havarti cheese and bacon is to die for. The aioli spread they make in house and put on their sandwiches is super yummy! I tried their side salad once and it was also delicious, made with fresh, and I believe organic produce. If you only go there for coffee, I suggest you give their food a try next time you're there. I order the same drink nearly every time, the lavender white chocolate mocha. It's a nice twist on a mocha, and one amazing drink! Not too sweet, and the lavender is not overwhelming. All the flavors along with the espresso just blend so well together. I usually get it iced, and it's divine! I like to give this place my support and business because they make excellent coffee and food, they are local, family owned and the women behind the counter that work there are really nice. Just skip the Starbucks up the street and give your money to Bella Rosa. The quality is far more superior (that should go without saying) and they sure do make a damn fine cup 'o coffee!
<review# 1161,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2011,12/21/2011,96,212,4,7,5>NO COMPLAINTS, NO CARTWHEELSHad lunch here last weekend with a large group of ladies. We sat on the outdoor patio which is set back from the 1st St hub-bub.I had the Niman Ranch Burger.  It was perfectly cooked to order -- medium rare.  French fries had a nice crunch to them and nicely seasoned.So why no cartwheels? Well $14 for burger and fries at lunch? That seems kinda steep, no?   Also, the menu, at least for Sunday brunch, was unadventurous.  Not what I would have expected for this wine-food mecca.  Chicken caesar salad, burger, egg dishes, portabella sandwich. Stuff that you could find any restaurant, any where. Anyway, this is not exactly a destination restaurant. If you happen to be in Napa and not into adventurous dining, you'll be fine here.
<review# 1162,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2010,12/20/2011,72,86,1,4,5>Stunning and otherwise nothing short of spectacular. I found Fritz & Mischell one Saturday afternoon in Walnut Creek at a super droll Art & Craft fair. A sleepy "fair" that proffered stall after stall of the useless and the horribly heinous. Being a big fan of jewlery that isn't so "typical," I gravitated immediately towards F&M's standout displays. F&M's designs are what fashion editors and art afficiandos would call "organic." They do NOT cast, but choose to craft EACH PIECE by hand. The duo have experience working with all precious and semi-precious metals (gold, silver, platinum) as well as precious and semi-precious stones. Their website offers a mere glimpse into F&M's reporitoire and from they said, they often custom design pieces with clients as well.Prices go from a week's coffee allowance ($25+) to a month's mortgage ($5000+). They have some lovely stacking rings that I fell in love with-- sterling silver band that was torched (think of a hammered effect) and finished with a semi-precious stone in the center. The particular one I had my eyes on had a delicious fushia garnet. The boyfriend wanted to buy one for me; however, I have VERY small digits (4-4.5 on the ring finger) and all the ones on display were too big. Not one to disappoint, F&M measured my finger, took down my metal and stone preferences, and promised to make and ship one out within 2 weeks. Awesome.Thanks, Fritz & Mischell! I'll definitely be returning for more custom pieces and singing your praises to anyone in search of lasting, wearable works of art.
<review# 1163,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2010,12/19/2011,5,5,1,6,3>I drove past Lonesome Cowboy Ranch, often wanting to stop, and finally did.  Wow!  They are a treasure trove of western wear from boots to hats + fabulous Native American jewelry.
<review# 1164,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2011,12/18/2011,32,203,6,8,10>If you too are a big fan of farm-to-table goodness, this place is like box seats to the farmer's market World Series.Saturday mornings here will fill your canvas bags with the area's most amazing, just picked produce and greens, ranch raised meats, flowers, hot beignets, crusty breads, local oysters, cheeses, wood fired pizzas, and crazy brunch choices.A few of our regular stops:Bernier Farms, Costeaux Bakery, Louisiana Legacy, Rosso, Triple T Ranch, Scopa/Santi Sausages, Bellweather Farms, Santa Rosa Seafood, Ecco Cafe, and Salmon Creek Ranch Duck & Goat.If you've been to a better farmer's market, you need to spill.
<review# 1165,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2011,12/17/2011,170,264,3,14,5>A couple years ago when a sick friend passed, I tried to donate brand new shower and potty chairs, but nobody would take it. I was referred here & they welcomed the chairs with open arms. Recently when a friend fractured her foot, she really needed a special boot to allow her foot to heal. With no medical insurance (no job), paying for something outright would've been tough. I decided to check out HomeCARES & sure enough, they had a whole box of boots; lefts, rights, full-length, short cam... & one of them worked pretty well.HomeCARES is an amazing nonprofit which recycles gently used & new medical equipment to those who need it at no charge. Their hours are only Wednesdays, but if you or someone you know can wait to check to see if they have what you're seeking, it could be well worth it. It doesn't get better than FREE. I saw numerous commodes, crutches, wheel chairs & so much more. If you have medical equipment to donate, this is the place.
<review# 1166,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2010,12/16/2011,9,169,2,5,3>I just made my first trip in Three Dog Bakery after a friend recommended I bring my dog here. The baked goods look delicious so I got my beagle a cannoli since she loves carob chips, and the lady behind the counter also gave her a sample of the carrot cake in which she gobbled up right away! The store has the cutest variety of collars and leashes, although a bit pricey, but they are high quality. I ended up getting a couple of all natural rawhides, biscuits, and the cannoli. After getting home, I gave my dog a piece of the cannoli and she love it, it's filled coconut. All of their treats are all human quality. I will definately be returning to this store to buy my biscuits, she's such a spoiled dog!
<review# 1167,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2011,12/15/2011,7,14,3,4,4>Hand down the best flour tortillas ever! Get there when they are being made and will have one placed in your hand right off the grill!
<review# 1168,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2010,12/14/2011,31,24,5,8,6>Needing a ice cream fix, we decided to head to the new kid in own and try the "Mexican" ice cream.  After a little confusion about the flavors, a nice young girl walked us though all of them.  And there were A LOT.  We decided on the pineapple coconut and peach.  After the first lick, our eyeballs popped out of our heads.  This is what ice cream is meant to taste like before it was mass produced in a plants somewhere else.  Each vat of ice cream is handmade in the back room.  Rich, creamy and flavorful.  Being for the Sonoma Valley we are accustomed to fine foods, fine wines and now we have fine ice cream to go with it!!!  You are missing out if you haven't been here yet!!!
<review# 1169,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2011,12/13/2011,19,53,1,4,4>Bagel heaven! My friends who move away and come back to visit always go to Homegrown when they are in town. I hear them moaning on the phone when they're away saying, "I wish I could have a Homegrown bagel." That's how good this place is. I recommend it to anyone.
<review# 1170,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2008,12/12/2011,51,28,2,2,4>There is something refreshing and genuinely Sonoma in Sheana Davis' work.  Of all the chef's I've known around this town, Sheana stands out in the effort she expends in researching and cultivating relationships with various suppliers in Sonoma County.Her work obviously is paying off as every time I have attended an event catered by her, I have been treated to a culinary delight.  The extra effort she puts into sourcing her ingredients from other artisans who craft special food, drink and flavorings is obviously paying off.Most recently, I had the good fortune of tasting her latest creation -- "Delice de la Vallee".  This cheese is both light and refreshing as well as quite satisfying on the palette.  I took home a container which my 25-yo daughter found and promptly finished off with her boyfriend.  Without knowing the source of the cheese, they told me how good it was and asked me to "get some more".  It is a hard cheese to put down once one starts eating it.  So, I recommend buying it in quantities one won't feel guilty about eating in a single pass.
<review# 1171,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2007,11/18/2007,287,292,5,8,7>Jackie.... I have something to tell you. I LOVE THIS CLASS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  YOU ARE AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! My friends are ready to shoot me because all I talk about is how much I love class!So, here's the story... I've been looking into joining a new gym and couldn't decide which one to join, etc. etc. Then I started thinking... What do you LOVE to do, Ali?   **lightbulb moment**   And it hit me... I LOVE TO DANCE! So... I used to do ballet, too strict. Tap... uh no. Jazz... no.  But... what about Hip Hop!?!?! Am I cool enough? Well no, I'm not cool enough. But Jackie makes me feel cool enough. I love love love hip hop class. She has two types of classes - Hip Hop with Abs, and Cardio Hip Hop. The cardio one is SOOOO much fun but it's Sun. mornings, so I'm not sure how often I'll make it up there. The abs one is a little more technical and there's a kick ass squats/abs session after. Jackie makes you do things until you are crying. Literally. But I listen to her because she has the body to prove it. Oh- and be ready to be dripping with sweat. Maybe in a few months I'll post my Sports Illustrated Swimsuit pictures online. :-) Jackie is so fun and energetic and nice and anyone can come to the classes at any time. Give it a few classes and you'll be fine.I can't attest to any other classes but it seems like people like them. All I know is go to Jackie's class and you'll love it.
<review# 1172,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2006,11/17/2007,71,58,3,5,6>I have avoided Pelican Inn since I suffered through an overly-romantic first date here with an attractive but right-wing R.O.T.C. cadet in 1997. Luckily for Pelican, my associations with the establishment took a sharp turn for the better recently, when I stumbled in, dripping wet, in search of a hot drink, following our quick winter swim. Warming by the fireplace, and with far more charming company than on my last visit, I found the atmosphere much less pretentious than I had remembered. While I am always suspicious of American "English-style" pubs, this was far above the average. The food was not spectacular, but the dim lighting... enchantink.
<review# 1173,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2007,11/16/2007,120,82,,4,2>Last night's special occasion visit (we wanted to get out of the city and not try too hard) was as close to perfect as I think the Buckeye could be.  I was impressed: I mean, I know it's a "Marin institution" (translation: caters to Patagonia-wearing, BMW-driving, middle-aged white people who will pay high prices for okay food) - so my expectations were only so high.   Imagine my happiness when:*They sat us immediately at a good table.  Big points here.  I am very fussy about tables.*At this table, I had a nice view of the fireplace.  Too bad it was not roaring as loudly as I would have liked - actually it was pretty weak.  Turn up the gas, this is supposed to be lodge-y!*I started with a perfect Manhattan.  I could have drunk these all night, instead of the overpriced bottle of Sicilian wine that our cocky-but- appealing waiter proffered when they were out of the Burgundy I wanted.  *We ordered the oysters bingo.  These things are fantastic.  Sure, you can't really taste the oyster under the thick blanket of parmesan and cream and spinach.  But who cares!*I got to eat more basic, rich, comfort food that was completely tasty: wedge salad with good bacon, crab cakes, scallops on risotto (kind of gluey but I again, expectations were quelled), bites of new pseudo-bf's perfectly done (charred med-rare) NY steak, and addictive s'more pie.  I love kid desserts for grownups.That's a lot of pluses.  I suppose I could be really picky and complain about the valet guy who chided us when date zoomed too close to their station so that I could scamper into the restaurant (rain + no umbrella + suede shoes = danger.  But what was I thinking, suede shoes in an obvious downpour?).  He should have graciously offered me an umbrella, right?  But that's neither here nor there.  In fact, I'm thankful that valet existed at all AND it was free.  Buckeye, you were good to me.  I will be back.
<review# 1174,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2007,11/15/2007,607,964,2,8,10>We love patronizing this INDEPENDENT bookstore.  Even though it doesn't have massive quantities of books; you get the feeling that the books were lovingly picked.Wonderful travel section.  We always buy books for our trips here. Nice selection of domestic travel and huge international travel section (even though we stay state-side--it's fun to "armchair" travel in this section!)An emphasis on mysteries, sci fi, cookbooks and local authors.  Sweet and appealing kids and teens section. Wish I still taught or had a little kid to buy books for......Large selection of BOARD books for those sticky-fingered babies and toddlers you love. Nice PUPPET selection (larger, lovable Folkmanis critters) as well as story-book character stuffed animals (ie. Wild Things, George & Martha, Babar, to name a few)
<review# 1175,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2007,11/14/2007,278,355,5,8,9>Post-DYK hike on Sunday, we all needed a beer.  Food is second fiddle this day.This place has Gordon Biersh and some other beer on tap, Sierra Nevada Pale Ale maybe?  I don't remember, we got the Biersh... by the pitcher.  Yeah why waste time with bitty little pint glasses.The pizza here had a nice amount of cheese.  And the crust was thin and crispy.  Not cracker crispy, but normal thin crust like.  The pepperoni had good flavor too.And the best thing about this place?  The cute girl behind the counter with the pretty smile?  Nah,  best thing is that this place uses solar power.  Really.  Their electricity bill used to be $12k/year and now its only $80.  Awesome!  Good for the environment, good for their bottom line.Ehhhh who am I kidding, that solar stuff is the THIRD best thing.  Of course the beer and girl take precedence.P.S.  Best deal in town, a *humungous* slice of pizza and a drink for $3.50.  Too bad "drink" doesn't mean beer.3 stars for the pizza and beer+1 star for the solar power with the pretty smile
<review# 1176,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2007,11/13/2007,175,39,3,7,7>Number One I should say that I manage the place, but will point out that I am a volunteer, and am working for free since I think the place is soooo cool.  It is in my neighborhood and owned by the American Legion, a core group of old guys who served our country. We have a lot of young Military men and women as well, who are just getting back from overseas and it is a perfect place for them to connect with older veterans and aclimate to being back. It makes this little hole in the wall very special and why I don't mind spending some time to manage the bar.Other reasons I love this place are:...Its the best place to have a Party!, There's a Full Bar Downstairs, Plus a Rental hall upstairs with kitchen, fireplace, stage and lots of character.  The parking is excellent!  The Bar has a Pool Table, Shuffleboard, Darts, Pinball, Video Golf, Megatouch, Jukebox, Plus many bar top games like dice, dominos, apples to apples, boggle, etc...Overall this place is very rare and a place everyone should check out at some point.
<review# 1177,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2007,11/12/2007,1501,948,23,15,24>It was my father's day present from my son to go up there to see HAIR!We both like theater.It was Hot like HELL but I got energized by trees.The BEST NAP I EVER HAD in the shade of trees.It was great even though I don't remember what was goin'on the stage.Thanks to my son.It was the best present ever.I feel great.Let's go up there again next year.Hey, are you listening?Oh, sorry, I woke you up.
<review# 1178,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2007,11/11/2007,175,80,8,9,13>Let me start by saying I was RAISED on this pizza... and that when I was a kid, I got SO excited about the word "pizza" that my parents started having to spell it out when discussing it... being that I was a pretty sharp tack as a kid (I wonder what happened?), "P-I-Z-Z-A" soon reversed into "A-Z-Z-I-P"... which I also figured out rather quickly.Perhaps it's that I gnawed on their pizza crusts from toddler-age on, or perhaps it's that every time I go in there, I'm greeted with a nice big, "Heya! How's you Mama?!" from Nicola... Perhaps it's that for the longest time, they had a letter from my brother in his childish scrawl posted up proudly on their wall amidst a myriad of awards and certificates and newspaper articles.... Or maybe it's just the fact that the pizza is good, and simple, and delicious... and that the crust is amazing.... But something about this place makes it dear to my heart... And I judge all other pizzas by Lo Coco's standards. I LOVE this place!!
<review# 1179,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2007,11/10/2007,645,301,,8,7>Rarely am I moved to purchase a season pass for any one museum or park because I feel like there is so much to explore in the Bay Area, that a season pass wouldn't be worth it.  But I have to say... this is the kind of experience for children that will grow with their evolving developmental stages. And yes, after a visit this weekend I am going to become a member.I loved the fact that it is home to both indoor and outdoor activities. And being located just over the GG bridge (read: beyond the fog belt), it's a great way to escape the City's cold summer days and get out for some fresh warm weather and fun!The variety of activities captivated the group of little ones that we went with (five kids ages 2 - 6) and it was a good time to be had by all. Best of all it seemed very clean, the staff was really nice and it looks like they might be expanding with new exhibits and such.Definitely a winner in my book.
<review# 1180,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2007,11/9/2007,27,156,6,6,5>As a Brit living far from home, there are certain things that one HAS to do every so often to stay true to their country and themselves. The first is drinking at least 3 cups of tea a day (easily done), and the second is a hefty portion of carbs with something deep fried. We actually can't function without it. While there are a few places in the city that do pretty good fish and chips ('O Reilly's in North Beach), the drive across the bridge to Fish really is as close to the real thing as you'll get. I tell my self everytime to pick something else, as their menu is extensive with such fab locally caught fish, but I just can't not get my fix. It is not too greasy at all, just a really light golden batter, with chunky chips/wedges and delumtious tartar sauce. All that's missing is big ol' dollop of mushy peas...
<review# 1181,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2008,12/7/2008,490,1086,10,13,14>I grew up in a bit of a nose-to-the-ceiling house. Like- I've never been to a Kmart or Wal-Mart (ok, once, to get an air mattress on the way to some hippie burner campout with my ex). But like a child denied candy who becomes a sugar addict as an adult, I lovelovelove Target. Specifically the one in Walnut Creek. The ones just outside of SF only depress and frustrate me...dirty children attaching themselves to your cart or darting in front of you shouting, parents who don't care, and about a million different languages (I love diversity- just organized diversity) being bellowed around my already anxiety-ravaged person. This is like the maserati (did I spell that right?) of Target stores. No screaming, no ill-behaved and gummy children. No problem. In and out without any traffic jams or people giving me the hairy eyeball means I was very happy. Also- they have all of my favorite children's t-shirts (what can I say? I'm snack-sized Autumn in the boob department) in stock all the time and easily accessible, whereas at the Colma and Serramonte locations, I have to physically fight off parents shopping for a hot deal for their children. Much better bedding selection means I got 600 thread count sheet sets for $17.98 on clearance and some accent pillows on clearance for $9.98. Now that's one hell of a deal. And the fact that I didn't have to endure the pain of our more local stores makes it even sweeter. More money for Missoni dresses and Coach bags makes Autumn very happy. Plus, there's lots of parking. Never go to the others ever ever again. I don't usually leave SF unless I'm on a plane or on my way to wine country, but this trip is well worthwhile.
<review# 1182,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2008,12/6/2008,108,1734,17,18,22>Alan and I debated whether it was 3.49 or 3.51 and the latter won, rounding it up to 4, but it's really 3 1/2..  I love the location.  Wharf-type restaurants speak to me.  Any time I can sit outside on a deck and watch boats bobbing in the water, I'm there.  We found parking on the street and walked through the bar back to the deck.  Nice vibe throughout.  We were seated and given menus and it took 10 minutes or more before a waitress approached.  Once contact was made, service was good.  Alan noticed that they made Ramos Fizzes and I decided to order one.  Haven't had one for decades, but it sounded good.  We determined that the calamari came w/ tentacles and we ordered some.  It arrived w/ tartar sauce, cocktail sauce and my Ramos Fizz and was very tasty.  So was the drink.  Alan ordered a prawn quesadilla and I ordered a bar burger, rare, no mayo, w/ grilled onions.  It arrived w/ mayo and no onions so I sent it back w/o even checking the doneness.  It returned as ordered and was medium rare, which was fine.  My appetite is still not what it usually is, so Alan had several bites.  It came w/ a very nice slice of tomato and a dill pickle spear, which always annoys me because I like pickle slices, but that's just me.  The waitress came later and apologized for the kitchen's error.  The hamburger was very good.  The bun, not the best I've had, but OK.  All in all it was a cool place and we will return.  Two of my favorite pastimes in restaurants are eavesdropping on others' conversations and people watching and this was top notch.  There were three older guys eating lunch at the far end of the deck.  Their voices carried well enough to hear what they were talking about and the conversation ranged from brown bears to Steve Fossett to bougainvillea and then our food came and I lost track.  It's an easy walk from the Lexus dealer that services my car and will be another nice lunch option when it's being worked on.
<review# 1183,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2008,12/5/2008,202,399,8,6,5>I discovered this store while waiting to meet a friend to go hiking. They have, of all things...quail and rabbit canned cat food, so I picked some up for a treat for my little beastie. It seemed like she would appreciate it, since she's not going to be able to hunt those in the city. If they had mouse cat food, I would have gotten that for her too (I know, that sounds disgusting, but that's what they're meant to eat, right? ). After all, when was the last time you saw a house cat take down a cow or catch a tuna? Hmmm...??I didn't think so.
<review# 1184,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2008,12/4/2008,35,77,3,4,6>I was having my wedding in Las Vegas so I decided to throw a smaller casual wedding dinner in my hometown San Rafael. The first place I thought of was Chrysanthemum. We have been coming here for years and the restaurant set up is perfect. I had about 22 people for my gathering and the waitress helped me put everything together.First the restaurant is split into two dining rooms, they use white linen and spot lighting in the restaurant. It feels like a 4 star restaurant with a one dollar sign dishes. The waitress help me put together my husband and mine favorite dishes. --Veggie eggrolls and green onion pancakes as appetizers. So light and non greasy.--Wonton Soup the broth is crazy good, she told me it's homemade--Veggie pan fried noodles which is like a bird's nest --Sesame beef - clearly the favorite of the night--Cashew chicken--Salt and Pepper Prawns it's shell-less here and my personal fav--Red braised Eggplant They have brown rice here! They also give you almond cookies at the end of the meal which is a beautiful touch. The waitress asked me a lot of questions and even brought in tea light candles for us. It was such a wonderful night and everyone enjoyed everything. It was stress free and Chrysanthemum will always hold a special place in my heart.
<review# 1185,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2008,12/3/2008,44,214,5,8,7>One of the things that I like very much about the East Bay is the proximity to nature. There are so many regional parks to go to. It'd take a lifetime to explore them all. When I think about moving to the City, this is something that I always bring up. I'm not sure it's actually true anymore.Today, we drove the short distance across the Golden Gate Bridge to Tennessee Valley for a hike. The 1/2 mile approaching the parking lot was lined with cars as the parking lot was full. We managed to grab a spot on the street not too far away from the Tennessee Valley trail head.We're finding important to go hiking on a regular basis. We're trying to do at least one hike every weekend. Doing more would be ideal, but it doesn't always work out.This hike is something that's extremely easy, not long at all. We did a loop of the lower and upper. The view of the valley's hills was incredible. The ocean's waves crashing against the cliffs was impressive. The wetlands were interesting to see.The trails are wide and well maintained. Part of it is paved. The people with horses were respectful for the most part. The bikers not so much. Other hikers abounded with so many children. Always a pleasant sight. We took a small detour on the way back to check out the Haypress Campground. It has bathrooms and many campsites with picnic tables and food bins. The signs reading "No Fires" will keep us from probably ever camping here. It's too bad because it'd be a great spot.One word of caution: there are snakes! We were walking along the lower trail and a large snake slithered across our path just as we were about to step on it. I'm not a fan of snakes. They freak me out. I don't mind them in cages that much, but in nature it's a completely different story. This one looked like it could've taken down a small dog. It would've taken awhile, but I'm sure it could've done it.Another great day, another great hike. Add this to the list of enjoyable places to go when living in the City.If you have a spare couple of hours and want to go hiking, head out to Tennessee Valley. It's worth it. If you have longer, there looks like there are many other trails to discover.
<review# 1186,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/30/2008,12/2/2008,119,389,14,8,12>God I have memories of this bar. Most of them associated with this dude I used to "see". And by "seeing" I mean "watching movies, drinking, smoking & having really amazing sex with all weekend. Without leaving the apartment"So apart from the occasional trip to Safeway to stock up on munchies (and he was a stoner! Surprise!) we didn't get out much. But the flatiron was literally right across the street from him. So when we did venture out it was usually to go here. So we would have a couple beers watch whatever was on ESPN, have some fries, which were great (USEFUL PART RIGHT HERE FOLKS) and then go back & smoke a bowl or play video games or some equally mind numbing activity.And as I write this I realize how sad this whole episode in my life was. But man, good sex can get a girl by the BALLS!
<review# 1187,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/26/2007,12/1/2008,591,426,31,19,22>After the obligatory Christmas Eve movie with the *****bergs (that's me protecting my families anonymity, but still allowing my readers to see that my name ends with a berg, though for purposes of this review it could be a "stein" or a "man" or any other Jewish name since every Jew in a 20 mile radius of Marin County does the exact same thing as we do on Christmas and a good 75% of the time it ain't kosher.) we ventured to Feng Nian for the obligatory Chinese dinner full of shellfish, pork and dark Jew magic.The food was so good, I wanted to cry.  Either that or A) - the movie was touching and I was a little shaken from it, B) - my ex was sitting next to me and I am a big huge mess from that, C) - I haven't eaten since Thanksgiving OR D) - I got pork in my eye.If you guessed C and/or D you are correct.Anyway -- as we made our way through what appeared to be the red sea (Jewish people on an exodus in order to get their Chinese on) my father wished everyone a Yom Tov and a Chag Sameach and a Good Shabbas.And then we all got up and did the Horah in honor of the baby Jesus' birth.L'Chaim!
<review# 1188,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2008,11/30/2008,3,13,3,4,5>You gotta love the butchah!! This little family-owned & operated place is find! The people are friendly and knowledgable about their meats, they can provide inspiration and advice on cooking times & techniques on pretty much anything. They also cook and smoke their own meats. AND, they will prepare any meat or fish that you bring them.Oh, did I mention that they make a killer deli sandwich? Why go across the street to Subway when you can have a fresh, sandwich made-to-order!
<review# 1189,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2008,11/29/2008,54,108,3,6,4>After a tough semester my boyfriend's father treats us to Seafood Peddler. We always order surf and turf and roast crab and we always leave very satisfied. We had our filet mignon medium and it was succulent and so very delicious with the lobster. On our plate there looked like there was a portion of some kind of seasoned fish which turned to be the tastiest potatoes au gratin we've ever had. Their was 2 sides of corn that came with the roast crab that complimented the meal very well. Two cosmos later(two bloody marys for him) we left happy, full and glowing. We don't eat here very often(we come once a year) but we consistently have a lovely time. The waiters are courteous and great and I like the live music. I can't wait til we come here again!
<review# 1190,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2008,11/28/2008,2510,1034,2,4,5>Really phenomenal ice cream! So rich and excellent flavors! They encouraged me to sample as many flavors as I wanted and I took full advantage... the coffee oreo was really good with perfect coffee taste, the 3-chocolate blend was insanely rich and decadent, and then I chose Jack's backyard complete with chocolate ice cream, oreo, chocolate chunks, and YUMMY WORMS! Wow! :) The best part is I had a coupon for a free mini scoop. This was a perfect size because it was almost guilt-free but still SO satisfying! Lollipop is across from my office which is dangerous because I will definitely be back!The store is really clean (probably partially because it is new) and there are a couple indoor tables if you want to enjoy your treats there.
<review# 1191,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2007,2/7/2008,133,143,2,6,5>Even the cramped quarters, inability to serve wine in the outdoor area, or my poor date's hive breakout, could intrude on the magic that is Picco's pizza. As I mentioned, it's a really small space, the inside is strictly bar seating, but the ambiance is really quaint and romantic - fairly dim lighting, heat emitting from huge wood burning ovens, handwritten menus on chalkboards - for pizza, it's pretty swank. As my date was pumped full of benedryl we didn't explore the wine list too deeply, but no matter, we were there for the pizza. After consulting the waitress about the typical ordering/sharing strategy for a party of two, we decided to share a salad and order two pizzas; we went with the mixed greens salad, the cannondale pizza, and the margherita pizza which we added prosciutto to. This was WAY too much food but oh my was it tasty. Everything was fresh, from the basil to the homemade sausage. The topping combinations were really creative, very bold interesting flavors. And I loved the thin crust - I can't stand it when pizza is so doughy it takes over and drowns out the other flavors. We got through half of each pizza and were stuffed. Though we admittedly accepted a complementary frozen yogurt with hot fudge directly afterwards, but who can turn down free sweets? I was lucky enough to go home with the leftovers and enjoyed amazing authentic cold pizza the rest of the week. I'd come back here in a second, and if by that time they happen to have a license to serve wine outside, where I can enjoy my pizza under the sun with a little more elbow room, I am confident they will deserve an updated 5 star rating.
<review# 1192,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2007,2/6/2008,473,189,19,16,15>Plethora isn't a naughty word. Best sex shop in and around San Francisco. VIP is a big store, clean, very well lit and has a plethora of Very Intimate Presents. It's the same familiar lubricants, condoms, adult toys and gadgets found in The City, but MORE of it and displayed and organized very nicely. Seasonal gifts, discount items and gag gifts. Notable were the portable stripper pole for sale; adjustable sex furniture for a myriad of sitting-reclining-laying positions; sex swing and the Monkey Rocker Sex Machine for $750. A contraption that looks like a hamstring gym equipment which you kneel on, arch forward grabbing a lever, and with each forward movement a pleasure doohickey THRUSTS UP and...WHOOP! There it is! WHOOP! There it is again! WHOOP! There it is again! There's a plethora of phallic prosthetics, plastics, and rubber to build an army of diverse bionic men.Halloween all year round: Cop, nurse, school girl, Leg Avenue stuff.Leisure and educational books, including some artsy stuff by David LaChapelle and pin-up artist Olivia.DVDs for rent or buy are organized according to your fetish, porn star or producer. Even the educational DVDs are available for rent. Lubricants and condoms plethora: edible and ribbed respectively.The guys and gals that work here are cool and helpful. Not weird looking or weird acting. Nora was the salesperson that rang me up, and she has pretty eyes, a nice smile, long blonde hair and is very easy on the eyes and I don't mind her helping me one bit.If you're not looking for private booths or classes, then this is the Olympics of XXX stores. The only caveat, don't look too close at the Monkey Rocker Sex Machine or you'll poke your eye out. Literally.
<review# 1193,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2008,2/5/2008,535,770,2,5,5>Earl Greyer. Hot. Haha lame ST:TNG reference I know, but with a Republic of Tea twist. I have been in love with Republic of Tea since I was 16 and worked at a cafe, and that was basically when I was first introduced to designer teas. We would make whole canisters of Blackberry Sage or Mango Ceylon as iced teas, and I would take sips throughout the day. Back then I only made $6.25 an hour and would spend 10 bucks to get a tin. That was more than an hours worth of standing and making lattes or cleaning tables, but it was worth it.Chamomile is good for helping me sleep, and some of their more classic teas bring me back to a place that was simpler. A time when I had no bills, no worries, and knew how to make a mean vanilla latte. Not to mention the designs on the tins are cute, make for great gifts, and last a very long time.
<review# 1194,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2007,2/4/2008,64,99,,10,6>I've been to a few of American Youth Hostels and Hosteling International hostels (I'm a life member), and the most important thing I've learned is to keep an open mind. This seems simple and obvious, but it's the truth.Most people who leave a youth hostel disappointed do so because they expected the wrong things. It is NOT a hotel, so doing your part to clean up after yourself (especially in public areas like the kitchen and bathroom) is expected but not demanded. This type of courteous behavior means a lot to the people who run the hostels (who are either locals or know the area very well), and if they see that you care and respect your environment they will do as much as they can to make your stay a memorable experience. They also know A LOT of secret getaways and tricks for tourists, so getting on their good side will only help you out in the end.  Staying at hostels is a great way to meet people from all over the world, especially if you sleep in the shared dorm-like rooms. You will, however, encounter some snoring or more personal information about relative strangers than you ever wanted to know, but the experience is worth it. The last time I stayed at a hostel in CA I met some very nice Germans, who were touring the western coast. If sharing a room doesn't sound comfortable to you, you can pay a little extra (and this is actually very little extra) for a private room, usually for 2 - 4 people. During tourist seasons, these get taken pretty quickly, so a reservation is in order.Most hostels do not allow sleeping bags or personal pillows for sanitary reasons. However, a set of clean sheets, pillow case and towels come included in the price for your stay. There is no room cleaning service, so you make your own bed and tidy your own room as you see fit. Many people object to this, but for the low price and great locations it is easily overlooked. It's also safer for your personal items if you are in a private room. In shared rooms, there are free day lockers to put your things in. All you need is a personal lock and you're free to wander with a free conscience.  AYH and HI hostels are a great form of budget travel. Depending on the hostel, a bed for one person is generally in the range of $30 per night or less (depending on the location in the USA). Private rooms are only a few dollars more per person per night. You can also save by making your own meals. The fully functional communal kitchens vary in size and quality, but all of the ones I've seen are clean and organized. Everybody can store their personal food in the refrigerators and shelves during their stay, and any left overs can be put in a communal 'free' bin for other guests. It is wise to mark your food with the provided tape and marker, to ensure other guests will respect your food as you respect theirs.All in all, hosteling really is like home away from home, and I would highly recommend it.
<review# 1195,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2007,2/3/2008,39,196,3,4,6>If you are on Fourth Street and need a tamale,  you can buy one here. I think the City inspected them recently because they now have a proper steamer for them, it used to be just a crock pot.   They have a good selection of Guatamalan/Salvadorian goods which is nice if you are looking for a proper spice for your dinner. I have not purchased any produce here, so I can't vouch for the freshness of it. But the Queso Fresco is always salty and good, as are the meats.  The staff are really friendly and they carry the Japanese peanuts I am addicted to, they are half the price here too! Loves it! ***Update*** I guess the beer/wine lisence has been revoked by the city, so if you are in the mood for a beer in a brown paper sack to drink you are out of luck.
<review# 1196,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2008,2/2/2008,447,211,2,3,4>One of the best Deli's in Marin. I use to live downtown Mill Valley and most days would start with either a roast beef on sour or my favorite Ham and brie cheese on a french roll. You CAN'T go wrong with either of these. The market also carries goodies that aren't found in typical grocery stores, its like a specialty shop. Love it!
<review# 1197,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2007,2/1/2008,1425,139,8,4,5>Once upon a time in the land of SF hipsters, two girlfriends woke up at a relatively early time on a Saturday morning.  They ambulated amongst the Burberry-toting, fake-tanned tourist-folk of the Ferry building population, and embarked on a journey to a remote place far far away; the land of Sausalito.  (Where even the shitting eagles have 'etiquette' lessons).  The Ferry ride was pleasant enough.  The air nice and crisp, and hunger rumbling deep in their guts.  Their mission (and they clearly chose to accept it) was to look for, meet, and talk to the infamous 'ASHOK'-man, and eat at the much talked about: Avatar's.After taking some delirious touristy snaps, whining about the sudden temperature climb, soaking up some much needed Vit-D-creating rays of sunshine, and walking from the Piers to the restaurant, they saw it.  They ran.  They took a photo with the sign (still in tourist mode), and sat inside and look around desperately for: The ASHOK-man.  There he was.  Smiling.  Radiant.  Pleasantly Bossy.I made friends with the 'King of Good Times' (aka. 'kingfisher beer') and looked over the menu; I was confused.  Very confused.  There were Indian dishes and Mexican dishes and Italian dihes.  Sigh.  Luckily The ASHOK-man asked the inevitable, "Is it your first time here?" and then swooped in to save the day.  No, quite literally, s~w~o~o~p~e~d!  As in, got in "my  s p a c e" which, I was a little thrown off by. (read: my OWN issues, my OWN issues). ahem.After having our menus deftly taken away, and being told "I'm going to make you something you've never had before, and you'll be asking me what it is", we got a chicken enchilada and were made to guess the mystery ingredient: duh. pumpkin -- which has only been mentioned like er... a BAJILLION times on the yelp reviews, but I was too food-struck to recall. (I failed you Yelp! - I failed You!!! WAHHHHH!!!!)The second dish was also a mystery -- but my friend quickly saved me from taking my first - albeit unsuspecting - bite of fish (salmon in this case).  This is *after* I specified to The ASHOK-man that I eat not sea food or fish, and then.. WHA-PA! - he busts this out.  not cool.Aunty was a darling too -- and true to our already stereotyped "All Indian People Know Must Know Each Other Theory # 168674 - she ended up being the mother of my friend's friend from our Bezerkeley days.  So we chit chatted, mingled, ate and begged, begged, begged, begged, begged and begged again for them to open a spot in SF.  Anywhere.  Somewhere.  Please.[There's some talk of a potential opening in the 'Mission, but they've yet to hear back about their offer].Sigh.  Fingers Crossed.  I'll pray to the blue-faced Gods, promise.All-in-all.  They made us feel like we were eating in their home, they were warm-hearted people, who truly love what they do, and it clearly shows.Bill? - We ate the enchilada, a fish dish, had a beer, a lassi, and a mango-chocolate-pistachio fusion dessert thing-a-ma-bopper, and our bill was $40 something... - we were also given a papad appetizer, and a free paratha to boot! - woo-hoo! =DSo take my advice SF'ers -- jump on a ferry; take a hike.Meet The ASHOK-man, and let him feed you.You'll be in good a-swoopin'-hands!
<review# 1198,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2007,1/31/2008,101,81,10,6,4>A nice birthday dinner from Mark:We sat in the indoor/outdoor room which had heat lamps, but these would go off, leaving us cold.  The staff was nice about putting them back on again, though.  Hand-made gnocchi with gorgonzola sauce--pretty tasty, but the gnocchi were a little burnt after some serious pan-searing (kitchen should have skipped that step, maybe), and some delicious fried chicken with buttery, silky mashed potatoes.  The kobe burger was admittedly ordered well-done, but seemed burnt too.  Great carmelized onions on the salad.Bungalow 44 has a high ratio of what Mark calls "cougars": older women on the prowl.  Mark thinks that a cougar is any woman on the prowl over 35, but I think that it's 39.  Please let me know and help solve this debate!  In any case, cougar hunters will definitely find some fine cougars to poach at the Bungalow 44 bar, which is especially a cougar den of the rare species Cougarae Marinitae, genus Rich Man Seekus (okay, so I flunked Latin).  Bring your binoculars for the hunt--and a Porsche and major credit card!  Be careful, though, these cougars have well-manicured claws and can pounce at any minute.  To defend against a cougar attack: quit your job, sell your house,  give all your money to charity, and find a girl who genuinely loves you--then the cougar will seek other prey.
<review# 1199,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2008,1/30/2008,376,527,,7,8>Beautiful beautiful sights at Muir Beach replete with rolling waves and jagged cliffs... so much so, that we stood on the beach daydreaming about moving to this area for a good 20 mins.  This beach is dog-friendly and right before it, there's a creek where you can watch trout swimming and the salmon run.  There are also great hikes nearby that you can check out on weekendsherpa.com
<review# 1200,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2007,1/29/2008,630,154,11,8,13>I don't eat eggs.  Not scrambled, not poached, not coddled, not over-easy, not hard-boiled, not sunny-side up, not even sunny-side down.  I don't eat them when they don the zorro-esque mask as "huevos rancheros" or quand ils sont presentes comme une quiche.  No egg bagel sandwiches for this jew, no western omelettes for this cowpoke.  I can't speak well for eggs benedict and I certainly don't dance with the devil-ed eggs either.  There is just something about eggs that I do not trust.  They're too morphable.  They can be any consistency you want them to be.  And that freaks me out.My aversion to eggs leaves me with very few choices when I go out for breakfast.  And unfortunately, most of these options are full of carbs and simply not worth the calories.Luckily for me, I've discovered a dish that is worth BOTH the carbs and the calories (and a little egg too): FRED'S FRENCH TOAST  Deep-fried segments of baguette goodness smothered with butter and soaked with syrup.  Now this is a true breakfast of champions!  Crunchy on the outside, spongy on the inside just like God intended French toast to be.  Wash it down with some fresh squeezed orange juice and an endless cup of java and you'll be ready to conquer the day.  So eggs-plore your breakfast options and try some of the French toast at Fred's Coffee Shop.  It's all it's "cracked" up to be!
<review# 1201,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2009,8/18/2009,30,176,3,10,9>I love finding those little places where you feel like you could be anywhere.We ordered:2 Cappuccinos Extra Dry of courseSome crazy good chocolated cake soaked in espresso layered with creamand an Italian sausage panini.Deeelish!  Very comfy booths that make you want to hang out for a while and drink your coffee in a real cup (something which I rarely do).Everything was very yummy, very attentive and friendly service.***Best Cappuccino in Marin..Hands down on that one, so smooth and sweet, no bitter/burnt flavors going on here.I have had their other cakes too and they are all amazing.
<review# 1202,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2009,8/17/2009,39,196,2,8,7>I love shopping here! The staff is amazing and very friendly, they will take you to where the item is in the store not just point you in the general direction. The deli rocks and if you ask for a recipe for an item they will most likely share it with you. They have the best, freshest produce in town at the best prices too. I have scored several bags of fruit on the way out for 1.50$, mmm banana bread for days!
<review# 1203,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2008,8/16/2009,58,38,6,5,6>Is hipness catching? Is coolness contagious? If such a thing is possible, then Muse salon should be quarantined and stylist Elia Inglis has a bad case of the hipster flu. To paraphrase a band that knows a thing or two about hair....If you've got the money honey, she's got your disease - and this is one STD (Stylist  Transmitted Diva - Do) that you'll be happy to get. They even liquor you up with a free drink before infecting you!Muse is definitely a hip place, and Elia sure is one cool girl - this is where to go and who to see if you're looking for a big city vibe in small town Petaluma. The salon is minimalist chic with a few dramatic touches (like the snakeskin styling chairs - goddammit, even my ass was cradled in coolness!). The complementary beer, wine or champagne is a nice touch, and they do indeed seem to have every magazine known to woman, and perhaps a few for the guys as well. Elia can do anything from a simple trim to a full on mod or punk style, and is a color specialist - even though I keep my hair au naturale, based on the work she's done on my friends and family (from very natural highlights to bright pink streaks) she's got the color thing down. She even gave my daughter her first haircut, and the photos of my toddler getting a trim from a stylish little pixie chick with beautiful tattoos are pretty great in the baby book (see honey, Mom knew cool people once upon a time!).I also like that she's an intelligent conversationalist if you're in a chatty mood, or if you'd rather be left alone to peruse Celebrity Sluts Weekly, she's fine with that. Elia offers some great deals to first time customers - so check her out! Then maybe you too can catch the hipster flu....what's next, skinny jeans, some full sleeve ink, ear plugs and an ironic mullet? Damn it, I need a vaccination before this gets out of control!! Wal-Mart and Kenny G here I come.....
<review# 1204,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2008,8/15/2009,19,26,2,4,4>I read about Humble Pie in the Press Democrat, Thanks Heather Irwin, a short while back and knew I had to give it a shot.  Last night a very good friend came up from San Francisco to spend the weekend with our "group" and I took five of "us" to this great new little "joint" that is now very much going to be a part of our world.The atmosphere is quaint and quirky, much like Penngrove and much of Sonoma county (a large part of why my wife and I live here).  Our server was friendly and not only made us feel comfortable, even squeezing five onto "a four top", but kept us happy during our entire visit just because that is what he does.  The first thing we all loved was the cucumber in the water, huge points with us, the fact that our waters stayed full, and we drank about two gallons worth no joke, was just bonus.  The second thing we loved was the music, The Doors "Morrison Hotel", which was at a good volume and felt just right.  The chef switched it to an Armstrong and Ellington platter when side B was done and that only made us happier since two of us are big jazz fans and had not heard that record in a while.  We were also invited to bring in any vinyl we wanted next time and they would be happy to play it.  We might if we remember, but next time Stevie Wonder "In the key of Life" and Dave Brubeck "Time Out".The menu was small, but wonderful sounding and we tried most of it between he five of us.  It changes all the time with what is available, but it looks like some things stay for a while as long as folks keep eating it!  Two of us had the Lasagna Pie (cooked and shaped much like a pie), I had the steak sandwich and one of us just asked for a big salad which was lovely and not an eye batted about asking for something "off menu".  The Lasagna was outstanding with so many lovely veggies including roasted peppers and the pasta was cooked perfect.  The steak was cooked a lovely medium rare with some great horseradish under it and some arugula with balsamic syrup on top of it.  All of this was sitting perfectly on a not to big a piece of chibata bread.  We also had an order of Blue Balls as well as a Devil in a Blue Dress.  The blue balls  are four nice sized pork and beef meatballs filled with Point Reyes Blue Cheese and a lovely "house" ketchup, cooked perfectly with a little crust on the outside yet super moist and flavorful.  The salad in a "blue dress" was highlighted by some wonderful deviled eggs that possessed a wonderful little kick to them.  I know I have used the word lovely several times, but that is a perfect word for this food!  Everything is served on a fun "retro" plate with each dish having its own style/design. For dessert we wanted a piece of the Strawberry pie sitting behind our table as well as the Apple Ginger the couple next to us we polishing off, ala mode of course!  Alas, it was not to be so since that was the last piece of the Apple Ginger.  Two pieces of Strawberry did a nice job of filling in the corners though and the best part of night was the chef telling us to just call a couple of hours a head of time and she would make us a pie of our choice as long as she had the ingredients in the house.  That sealed the deal for us and we will be back soon for more pie, all types and we might even have to request something special for dessert.If you want to have a really nice meal in fun little "hole in the wall" that feels like your great aunts house then Humble Pie is for you.  If you want to dine at a fine local place that is more than happy to make you a part of the experience and makes sure you love it all, then this is the place.  If you just want a quick snack in the late hours of night that you can afford and is much much better than 4th meal at The Bell  than this is the place for you.  I will report back again soon!
<review# 1205,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2009,8/14/2009,117,30,7,6,4>So a couple of nights ago, after watching Anchorman, I was suddenly struck with an intense craving for Indian food for some reason (if you don't know why, don't ask). Panic immediately set in as I was out of ye ole San Rizzle for a couple of years and my old standby, Sher-e-Punjab, has gone the way of the dinosaur. Yelpazord...energize!!!Om came up as tops, and since I would trust you all with my quadriplegic baby while I did crystal meth I had arranged to dine wif me Pa and was out the door without delay or question in seconds..yes...seconds!!!Now, it's worth mentioning that I was a pizza delivery driver in my younger days and know pretty much every square inch of San Rafael and central Marin and have worked on Fourth Street, twice, and I STILL managed to pass by this place. For future diners, keep an eye out for Bordenave's bakery on the right as you come over the crest of the hill going west and it is directly next door. On to zee food...I know the dosa is the big deal here and I will try it but at the time I was ravenous and needed MEAT and I AM an obstinate eat beast, after all, so I dove straight for the Kozhi varutha curry, which has zee chicken which eez zee meat, accompanied by a mango lassi to mellow zee "fiery pepper sauce" in zee curry. The server took our order within two or three minutes (POW!), had my lassi out in two more (POW!) and our food less than five later (POW POW!!).The mango lassi was a splendid bit of yogurrificness, cool, not cold, sweet, but not too sweet, thick, but not too thick . Basically, it was Goldilocks' third bowl of porridge. But a yogurt drink. With mango. My only complaint is that I was too gluttonous and impatient to not slurp it down before my curry came, which we're getting to right now...The curry was...perfect. Generous portions of meat, just enough hotness that you can still taste the food and don't die but get that nice, warm, sweaty band across your eyes and forehead, perfect balance of pepper, coconut milk and curry, and a generous but not overwhelming portion size. The only thing I would change would be to get brown or wild rice on the side instead of white (which I did not see as an option on the menu), but in fairness to them I didn't ask. God! Idiot!I rounded off the meal with a shared Mango Indian ice cream, which was a lot like frozen chunks of the mango lassi but made with a reduction of milk instead of yogurt, and quite tasty and melt-in-your- mouthy. The decor doesn't really matter to me but was cozy, tasteful and definitely Indian. I mean, you don't usually sit under a big painting of Krishna and Radha with all the lower consorts ogling him like frisky coeds at Bubba's house o' pork. I enjoyed their company.I will return to this place. I will review again, oh yes...
<review# 1206,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2009,8/13/2009,25,77,3,14,10>I consider Tennessee Valley a playground for adults; it is my happy place, my temple. There are over a half dozen different routes you can take starting at the Tennessee Valley trailhead, which they have been revamping over the past year, installing pit toilets and making the parking lot area look a bit more polished. The trails tend to be mostly on rolling hills with very few trees; if you want to hike through a forest, go to Muir Woods. That is not what Tennessee Valley is about; here, you get amazing views of the Bay Area and the Pacific Ocean. There are beautiful wild flowers in spring, lots of cow parsnips and lupines, and the trailhead has pictures of the different plants growing in the valley (poison oak included - it is very present on the side of certain trails but I have never had a problem).  I love to hike out to the Zen Center and Muir Beach from Tennessee Valley; the Middle Green Gulch trail is a great way to get there and few people take the trail. You can then loop out to the beach and take the costal trail back to Tennessee Valley. Be sure to bring water - there are no water fountains or hoses at the beach; I once ran out mid-hike and a very nice guy who lived in a house next to the beach let me fill up my Camelbak with his hose. If you take the trail that leads directly out to the beach from the trailhead, you are likely to have lots of companions in the form of strollers, parents with their kids on mountain bikes, joggers, horse back riders, etc. It's the worst on a beautiful day; around 5 pm on a weekday, there are few people and its a great place to go on an easy 3 mile jog roundtrip after work. I could go on for pages about all the great different trails you could take, of different lengths and difficulties, but the best thing to do is for you to grab a trail map at the Depot in Mill Valley, then go explore them all yourself.
<review# 1207,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2008,8/12/2009,2,7,5,9,7>I've been using Cain's for at least 10 years.  I always feel that I get a straight story, good recommendations, and lots of helpful tire information at Cain's.  I think their prices are fair, though I don't tend to shop around much because I have been so satisfied.  They've also been great when I need help fast, such as a flat just before leaving on a long trip.  I love that I can stop in and ask them to check my air pressure, and they are never too busy to take of me, even on a Saturday afternoon.  I have dealt with most of the family members and a number of the employees and have always been treated well.  I've purchased the Toyos for my older car, 1996 Audi A4, and have been very happy with them.
<review# 1208,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2008,8/11/2009,21,7,4,12,7>Was looking for a place to stay the night that wasn't going to break the bank and was also within walking distance of downtown St. Helena. The very nice old lady on the phone gave us a good rate for one of their 'suites'. $185/night is very competitive for this area. We arrived and were given the keys to the room. The room was clean, and pretty spacious. There's fake wood beams giving and almost English Country feel to the place. There's a small lounge area with a TV and working wood burning fireplace. That certainly didn't get any use in the heat we were experiencing. Bed was a comfy and King size! Bathroom was clean and newly refurbished. Was a fridge for the Sparkling Rose purchased just up the road. The room backed onto a small vineyard and was pretty peaceful, although you could hear the traffic from the 29 which the Inn sits on.We used the pool in the evening which was very nicely kept and clean. A 5 min walk and you are at Tra Vigne which is an awesome place to eat. Another 5 minute walk on top of that and you are in downtown St. Helena.All in all a pretty nice place to stay if you are on a budget. Probably not the place you want to stay if you are after the very best accommodation in Napa.
<review# 1209,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2009,8/10/2009,103,359,6,8,7>The best scones ever!!!My goal in life is to find the perfect scone and I found it here, my search has ended.  The $3 cost almost scared me away but it certainly is worth it!  I can only use exclamation marks because I'm so enthusiastic about the pasties.  Oh my gosh good.  I'm ready to get a job here to learn how to make the scones.  The atmosphere is casual and friendly and ready for the locals to hang out at the front window counter. Go here, have a scone and a coffee, you'll enjoy.
<review# 1210,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2009,8/9/2009,362,1009,7,7,8>I have driven by Mario & John's more times than I can count. I have said "I really need to check that place out" - also - more times than I can count. After far too much talk and not nearly enough action, I found myself approaching its boarded-up front and walking through its doors last Saturday with the two other members of my bike gang. The moment we opened the door and stepped foot in this gem of a place, all heads turned our way and the room was SI.LENT. The regulars sized us up quickly. In turn, we went straight up to the bar and ordered a few drinks.The normal chit-chat resumed and we felt a bit more at ease. Armed with our drinks, we made our way up a couple steps to the left and into the "game room" - for lack of a better name for it. We sat down at what we christened "the kid's table" and made small talk, keeping our ears peeled to pick up bits and pieces of the other patrons' conversations. The ice was broken when some guy in a puffin t-shirt spent more than an hour telling everyone repeatedly that Van Morrison used to be in a band called Them and had a hit song, "Gloria" while trying to find evidence of this on an iPhone. Why he felt it was so important to prove this, I don't know. All I know is that he made fun of us for being young (the bartender said we were born when her granddaugher was) and he doesn't have any clue how to work technology; Easy Rider found what he had been looking for in a matter of minutes.From then on, we were all fast friends. The visit ended with a group shot (and one guy grabbing Baby T's ass) and everyone asking me "Where the hell are YOU from?! British Columbia?!"Yes. Yes. Yes.Anyway, this place is AMAZING. Anecdotes aside, the drinks are CHEAP ($10.50 for a vodka tonic, a Mirror Pond and a Lagunitas I.P.A.), there is pool AND shuffleboard, the jukebox is powered by real CDs and not the Internet, the place is WAY bigger than it looks from the outside, you can buy Lotto scratchers AND there is a cigarette dispensing machine. TIGHT.OK, one more anecdote. Some middle-aged guy showed up to play pool with his wife and on the break, hit in the 8-ball. "THAT MEANS I WON!!!!!! I CAN'T BELIEVE I DID THAT" he said to his wife. Yeah, that's all you need to know to know this place is amazing.
<review# 1211,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/27/2007,1/16/2008,218,378,10,17,16>some lucky duck was hankering for steak and a................GOOD COMPANY!..so i cross the 70 years old bridge that evening to give what he craves.it was obviously that this place has a better ambience than the sf and san carlos location. the set-up is more comely & spruce up.the condiments that are usually sitting on the ledge by your table is not available for you to grab here, instead they are neatly line up by the cooking area and you have to request it from your server.i noticed that their steak (izzy's cut) has a smaller cut compare to the two locations previously mentioned.the crab cakes that i ordered was quite "bready", though delicious and the aoili sauce that came with itwas pretty bland.the two sides that we both had, have the same consistency, flavor & texture just like the two other places......just pleasing!the vodka/cranberry that was asked for was strong and definitely it has more grey goose than ocean spray in that simple mix!the service was awesome...really friendly & attentive...so at the end of a satisfying and satisfactory meal the beau was delighted and gorged.and of course, i'm glad i brought him here and i'm also pleased that i made someone special elated.
<review# 1212,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2007,1/14/2008,215,199,20,16,11>When I moved to San Francisco, I knew the Marin Headlands only as a low bellow on foggy nights from the Richmond District. I then teased myself with a bike ride across the Golden Gate Bridge, but was too intimidated to ever ride up the hill & see all that the Headlands has to offer. Then I met a woman, and her poofy little dog. We both enjoyed hiking, so I took it as an opportunity for an afternoon date with her & the pooch. This was a BAD IDEA. We drove up Conzelman Road, looking back at the beautiful view of San Francisco & the Pacific Ocean, and then parked off Field Road near Fort Barry. We started walking down a nearby trail. The dog was going berserk--it wanted after every damn butterfly, bird or moving leaf in sight. She turned to me smiling and said, "Should we let him off the leash?". I wasn't too sure about it, but mistakenly said "Yea, go for it". And she did. And off he went, sprinting through the trees.30 minutes later and a coarse voice from yelling "Cody" repeatedly, I found the stupid dog. I picked it up and carried him to her, only to find that he had gained some new friends. Hundreds of them. TICKS! And they were on me now! We abandoned the rest of the afternoon in the Headlands and I abandoned ever really talking to her again.I have since visited the Headlands on many different occasions, riding through on cycle training or hiking around with friends. The Headlands is an amazing area to visit, and is the home of the only standing NIKE Missile Silo. All of the other silos throughout the west coast were destroyed after the Cold War ended, but this particular site became a museum of sorts. I have yet to visit the low-bellowing lighthouse, on the few occasions I've tried it is always closed for the day.The Marin Headlands are definitely worth a day's visit if you have never been (or again if you have)...But please learn from my mistake and keep your dog on a leash.More info on NIKE Missile silo:nps.gov/goga/nike-missilUFC, k thx.
<review# 1213,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2008,1/13/2008,209,211,5,7,7>I absolutely love shopping here!  You're guaranteed to find something cute in this boutique that none of your friends have!  Their clothes are trendy - some on the bohemian side.  Plus, they've got some really cute shoes.  The pricing of their inventory varies however but, I've never been dissatisfied with a purchase there.  I've also done some homework to see if the brands and labels are available online for cheaper and have not found this.  I've gotten several compliments on my Tulle Denim Bib Jacket, which I've worn several times.  I bought a pair of my favorite Matiko blue and white flats over the summer here, too, which I've also gotten compliments on.  It turns out they were too small but, I didn't know this until I'd worn the hell out of them.  But, when i told the sales girl she gave me a 40% discount on the correct size when I ended up buying a second pair.  Anyone want my pair of 8's?I've also been to the store on Chestnut in San Francisco and this store is never as crowded as that store, which has about half the square footage- a little claustraphobic.
<review# 1214,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2007,1/11/2008,288,330,12,6,8>I love this beach... I've been here about a million times... but last time I was here I nearly had a heart attack!Oksana T. and I drove down here for a day get-away to play in the sand and talk and just enjoy a lazy summer afternoon. We walked all the way down to the end of the beach and among the giant boulders we found a little stream coming down from the hills above. There was not a lot of water, so it branched and soaked into the sand almost as soon as it left the rocks... Since both Oks and I are suffering from occasionally ridiculous outbursts of energy, the only natural thing to do was to start digging a river bed for this little stream of water and make it into a legit RIVER that runs all the way into the ocean...Long story short: So, we were digging a river, and we found some hair! I am NOT kidding! I found HUMAN HAIR in our stream, and it was stuck in the sand and wouldn't come out!!!!! I thought that we found a dead body!!!! We had to find a lifeguard to go dig a large hole and see what it was... and it turned out to be a few strands of hair stuck on a rock under the sand.I am SO GLAD that no one died!!! I still love this beach.
<review# 1215,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2007,1/10/2008,12,30,3,6,4>Cinderella in flip-flops walks in and a few minutes later walks out a princess.  It must be magic, although the ladies here at BE have brushes instead of magic wands.I had always hoped to wear make-up but almost all the brands (including the hi-end ones) leave me unsatisfied (bad skin reactions, even the hypoallergenic kinds) - - - then in February 2006, my then   precarious toddler suggested, "Get that, Mima!" when BE was on TV.  And I did.  Almost daily I wear the Bare Minerals and Mineral Veil.  I loved it from the first time and I still do.  I have been telling friends and family to do try.  I have also became the BE/BM fairy.  Love giving out the kits as gifts.With Bare Minerals tried and tested, I finally stopped by the BE boutique here in Corte Madera.  It was perfect timing:  the early evening  Friday rush has not started, and Hilary greeted me.  She was gorgeous, and one can only hope to look like her.  Finesse.  She started me with an eye-kit and worked my face like a canvas.  She was very gracious and did not really sell me anything.  I think BE products sell themselves.I cannot wait to go back.
<review# 1216,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2007,1/9/2008,174,143,3,5,3>This is my second visit to Gaspare's Pizzeria in San Rafael and I am even more certain that I've found a great restaurant.  It was bustling last night, with just the right level of music and the right mix of people.  Their minestrone soup is light and delicious and the house salads are hearty.  The pizza of course, is the main attraction and the crispy thin crust and the wonderful herbs make such a great combination.  The pizza margharita......now, coming from someone who doesn't eat pizza, and who ate four pieces last  night.....all I can say is.....yummy!!  My boyfriend loves the lasagna and we are dying to come back to try other things.  I am so glad they've made their way out of the city and into Marin.  Excellent.
<review# 1217,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2007,1/8/2008,156,1159,2,5,3>Dinner report  Wednesday 5-16-07:Bambie & I  entered a nearly deserted 50 seat restaurant. Cute decor, nice classical music playing. Not usually a good omen.  But this is sleepy little Ross, the Marin town that the passage of time forgot. Wednesday is not wealthy mommy & daddy date night.Menu is French Bistro style with Cali food galore.  Seasonal menu follows the fresh market items.  Bambie had warm goat cheese on butter lettuce with lardons.  The pork bits were a bit too chewy. She followed with the halibut with tiny pasta "peas" in a briny tomato light sauce.  Real Good! I had the Milanese breaded pork slab. Real good as well. My arugula side dish was the perfect green to cut the fried pork. We drank various glasses of French and CA wines for $7- $9 per glass.  Wine by glass selection is minuscule, just 2 choices per color.Dessert:  Hot chocolate cake with  sides of hazelnuts and a scoop of home made Vanilla ice cream.  Good, not great.Competent, cheerful,  friendly service:  Well, the place was empty.  Good food.  $107 total bill.
<review# 1218,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2007,1/7/2008,302,835,2,5,5>I figure if I put this in my Yelp reviews and not review for a while then I'll remember to go to church the next time I log in.Fantastic priests with a great sense of humor. We sat in a baptism class  and couldn't stop laughing. Was like a Joe Rogan performance, without the profanity and some holy water thrown in.Haven't met a mean person yet -- you know, the usual righteous churchgoers you can only expect to bump into. This is a great little church in the old "downtown" of Larkspur. In fact not too far from the local drunken bar if you want to drink after mass."Honey, the priest is wearing Birkenstock's"Sweet.Saturday evening: 5:00 PMSunday morning:  8:00, 10:00 & 11:30 AM. Children's Mass 4th Sunday - 10:00 AMDaily Mass, Monday through Friday:   8:00 AM (During Lent 7:45 AM)Also have Catholic, private school on the property.
<review# 1219,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2007,1/6/2008,97,164,4,8,7>This place is so cute and the food is damn good... The butternut squash and gnocchi were delish!Before I came here for dinner, I was reading the Yelp reviews and noticed the mention of the sneering bald waiter... of course when I arrive to Sorella and my server arrives... it's the bald waiter (unless there's more than one bald waiter)! I definitely trust my fellow Yelpers so I was a bit worried about the service at that point but he ended up being quite pleasant and very attentive... maybe he was having an off day??Anyway, great food and service, this will definitely be a regular spot for me whenever I find myself in Fairfax.
<review# 1220,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2007,1/4/2008,13,82,2,4,5>You want Mexican food?  Real Mexican food?  Check out El Palmar!  They have AWESOME chilaquiles!!!  If you've never had chilaquiles, do yourself a favor and go get some!  Filling, delicious, and very effective at dulling a terrible hangover.  There is a little market attached to this place that is very decent as well - you can find out of the way ingredients common to the Mexican kitchen, but not usually found in American kitchens/supermarkets.  El Palmar is a humble little joint, maybe not the place you'd take a first date...unless they were super cool and can handle real Mex.
<review# 1221,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2008,5/4/2009,423,725,8,12,10>This was one of our first stops on the way up to Mendocino last weekend, and it's true, they have top notch zins, unpretentious service, and a nice, friendly, bright tasting room with a great view of the vines right outside the window.  The syrah was very good, from Collins Vineyard, and they had a nice sampling of a few zins.  I have more of a taste for syrah, but found a few zins to like here too.The Furmint is quite interesting, and you'll likely only find it here, which might be worth the trip in itself.  If you read up a bit on Furmint you'll find out what puttonyos are and they make this a quite sweet wine - a little too sweet for my taste, but definitely worth a sample.
<review# 1222,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2008,5/3/2009,490,1086,8,10,11>Wow. Just wow. In the words of the great Christopher Kaminski, I seriously "got awesome" here.If you (or someone who desperately loves you and wants to make you happy) have around $800 a night burning a hole in their pocket, you can enjoy the luxury and splendor of one of the amazing Zen Suites on the grounds of this heavenly estate. Our Zen Suite came complete with king size bed outfitted in Frette linens, an in-suite atrium (waterfall included) that connected the bedroom/front room to a bathroom the size of a generous San Francisco jr. 1 bedroom. Inside the bathroom one will find a 6' long, 4' deep granite soaking tub, a huge glass-encased open shower with two rainforest-style shower heads- perfect for naughty, soapy fun. In addition to all of this, there is a fireplace, a private back deck (complete with ashtray...ah, love!). Ipod docks, comfortable couches, and a large flat-screen tv and dvd player rounded out the experience. The bar area is well-stocked with flutes, wine glasses, tumblers, ice buckets, and wine accoutrements. The lovely pool area was the perfect place to display my brand new sparkly bikini while soaking up the kind of sun we just don't get in San Francisco. At night, the hot tub was the place to be. Afternoons spent rolling around on the grass or laying in the hammocks also sound extremely relaxing and I wish we would have done more of that.Breakfast can't be beat! Even a spoiled SF eater like myself was floored by the quality of the fresh, local ingredients and the care that clearly went into the preparation. Evening wine tastings and the proximity to Matanzas Creek, Arrowwood, Mayo Family, Loxton, Wellington, and Gundlach made this the perfect home base for us for the weekend. Gaige far surpasses many of my Four Seasons experiences, and that is certainly saying a lot. I can't wait to come back. And never leave.
<review# 1223,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2009,5/2/2009,449,1556,11,12,12>They say nothing is forever.  You see it everyday: people who are seemingly deeply in love break-up, good people become bad, and marriages fail. Heck, even my highlights that are supposed to last more than a month fade in 2 weeks! But my love for Chocolate Bouchons? those little chocolate pots that look like petite brownies which are slightly crunchy on the outside, and rich, moist dark chocolaty taste inside? did I mention that it has chocolate chips in it too?My love for Chocolate Bouchons will remain forever. For richer or for poorer.  (you definitely will become poor if you buy everything in sight!) In sickness and in health.  (you definitely will be sick, if all you eat are the bouchons. Mix it up with the macaroons and eclairs and...)Till death do us part.  Death by chocolate. It's the only way to go.
<review# 1224,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2008,5/1/2009,181,176,5,8,11>Just looking at a few of the reviews will tell you that this is an amazing place.  In the San Francisco Bay Area, we are absolutely spoiled with good food.  And, you still have not eaten until you have spent 6 hours having lunch at the French Laundry.  There is too much to say, so let me sum up with a brief description of the service and a list of the food...There were 6 of us at the table and when the first plate came out, it did so in the hands of 3 primary waitstaff (though the term waitstaff is sort of offensive when used in the context of French Laundry - they are soo much more).  Standing to the side of three of my tablemates, they set the plates down in front of us (in unison) then turned to set the plates down for their immediate neighbor (also in unison).  Turning back to the first plate they placed down they picked up the cover and then took the cover off the 2nd plate they placed.  It was all, well, choreographed like a modern dance routine.  There was spinning and turning and over/under and hand-offs.  Then, just as suddenly as the plates arrived, the entire waitstaff dissappeared, except for one.  This one described in detail what everyone had in that course.  There were 9 courses (and a few little things in between).As one course was being served, our tables head waiter noticed there was a mistake and he waived off the line of 5 other waiters and they turned and went back into the kitchen with everyone's food.  About 4 minutes later, all together, they came back out with the one minor change handled and the next bit of choreography commenced. The service is nothing less than THE BEST service I have ever imagined or experienced.  Phenomenal.  At the end of the meal, they asked us if we would like coffee.  5 of us opted for some coffee or tea, but my wife asked what was possible that had no caffiene (she is so sensetive).  He offered a couple different herbal teas and she was obviously not interested...  So, he said, "Would you like some warm milk and honey?"  The table lost it, of course - We would all like some warm milk and honey.  What a finisher, it sounded fantastic.  The only thing that might have been better is a hot bath and a long nap.  But, even if you had the bath/nap option, wouldn't some warm milk and honey be an excellent pre-cursor to it???  Brilliant, "Yes please." OK, so you get it, service second to none.Now, the food...Oyster Glaze White Sturgeon CaviarFoie Gras, black truffle, onion relishJapanese Bluefin Tuna (WOW!)Lobster Mitts - Orange GlazeWhite Truffle Rissoto (OMG!!!)Milk Fed CaponKuroge Beef - The single best morsel of food I have ever eaten in my life!!!Clothbound CheddarBananaCake and Feijoa SorbetVariety of desserts - all delicious and beautifulBy the way, my tablemates took pictures of almost every dish - something I have never seen anyone do before, but something I highly recommend when you go (please, no flash).I also have to offer up my appreciation to Lee R. who got the reservation for us and made the suggestion we all go together.  I guess also because of the Lee connection, we were able to meet Thomas Keller and see the kitchen.  Thanks Lee, it wouldn't have been as much fun and may not have happenned at all without you.
<review# 1225,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2009,4/30/2009,389,574,8,12,12>We do our regular grocery shopping elsewhere...but if I'm looking for that something special, this is where I go.  Sunshine is a great spot to pick up meats, cheese, picnic food, etc.  The other night I was planning to make a special dinner for the fam, but we rolled into town later than expected.  A quick stop at Sunshine and I came out with:- two already cooked NY Strip steaks @ $8 ea- one pkg sushi, 6 pieces $9.75- one bag of fresh rolls $3.49Mixed that with stuff I had on hand and presto...a lovely dinner with zero prep.
<review# 1226,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2009,4/29/2009,750,680,16,25,23>Review #400! I struggled to figure out what I would review for #400. I have a lot of recently visited places that I need to review, but I wanted to write something that was memorable. A little over 4 years ago, we arranged sitters for our kids for the weekend, and my wife took me away to the Kenwood Inn and Spa for my birthday. There was an article in the San Francisco Magazine that featured this inn as one of the most romantic inns in the Bay Area. So we checked it out. We stayed during the Winter, when the weather was cool and misty. When driving along highway 12, it's easy to pass by this place. As many of the previous reviewers have noted, the buildings and the layout of the inn is reminiscent of an Italian villa. Baskets of fruit can be found over the inn. There are two pools, and a bath house with a pool, steam room, and sauna. The room itself is very spacious. There's a large fireplace with two large chairs placed in front, and a chaise along side it. The bathroom has a very large shower and a two person jacuzzi, complete with candles and bath salts to set the mood. No on site gym. None of the rooms have TVs, but they do have CD players with a set of CDs. So if you need a TV in your room, you're out of luck. You'll need to bring a book, or find something else to keep you occupied ;+) My wife also booked for 3 treatments for the both of us at the on site spa. Started with a facial, then a grape seed scrub, followed by a massage. Friendly, and professional staff. She also had the same treatments as well. I felt so relaxed after my treatments (I think I also fell asleep during one of the treatments). Unlike a bed and breakfast inn, breakfast is served between certain hours in the morning, so we can stroll on in at out leisure. Breakfast is usually 3 courses, and its leisurely and relaxing.Overall service of the inn was excellent.Reading the recent review of Kenwood Inn, I noticed the reviews are mixed.  It's really a blend of a bed and breakfast and a small hotel.  Won't have as many amenities you would see in a hotel, but you will get the intimacy of a B and B.I'll need to plan another stay to update this review.
<review# 1227,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/7/2009,4/28/2009,655,244,7,9,7>Le Belge is more about the special flavoring accompanying the chocolate than the chocolate itself. My bf's mom gave me a four-piece box from the Sublime Truffle Collection, such a pleasant surprise! :) Their boxes are very elegant. It's an oval shaped, deep rich brown with lime accent edging box with "Le Belge" subtly pressed into it. You can definitely reuse it instead of throwing it away like any old chocolate box. The chocolates themselves are very pleasing to the eye. I had a heart, crown, envelope, and round swirl shape with beautiful details and colors. La Couronne de la Mer - sea salt blended into dark chocolate ganache covered in dark chocolate. I ate this one first thinking it would be my least favorite but it turned out to be just the opposite. The sea salt actually mixed in very well with the ganache and added another element to the chocolate's flavor. Thank goodness there were no big grains of salt. Citron Vert - key lime granche covered in white chocolate. The lime flavor is a bit strong for me but the white chocolate was even stronger in sweetness. I'm not really a fan in general of the lime/white chocolate combo. Hazelnut Caramel - hazelnut praline over cinnamon ganache infused caramel covered in milk chocolate. This one left me wondering where the hazelnut flavor was but the cinnamon was a great compliment. It wasn't overpowering like I expected but rather light and subtle. Le Coeur D'Amour - raspberry and vanilla & dark chocolate gelate covered in dark chocolate. The raspberry was very sweet and almost liquidity. The chocolate was even sweeter but I could not taste any of the distinct underlying flavors from the cocoa beans like I'm used to with quality grade chocolate. Besides the chocolate itself not being the best, I didn't like that Le Belge used artificial flavors and colors. Most often it masks whatever real flavors there are with a strong sweetness and adds nothing else. There is SO MUCH more to chocolate than the sugar. And there are so many delicious flavors in nature. There's no need to use the fake stuff!
<review# 1228,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2009,4/27/2009,100,150,7,16,11>5 stars on steroids if possible. I've never met a more honest Auto Service owner in my life!  I had taken my car to BROADWAY SUBARU IN OAKLAND, CA. and they quoted me $749.00 for a 30K service.  I asked for a print out of what was included in the service and called around. Let's just say that after calling 2 other businesses with similar quotes, Jim Askim was the only HONEST one in the bunch. He said the 1st dealership was trying to charge me for something needed for an automatic transmission.  I have a MANUAL. OMGHe also gave me options and told me that some of the items on the list could wait for another 15K miles or so. He worked with me and narrowed it down to 2 things that he wanted to look at, and suggested that I purchase a few things beforehand and bring them in to save some $$. That blew my mind, how cool is this guy!! So I dropped my car off and got a call later that he was done looking it over and simply said, "All you need is an oil change & a filter and the rest of this stuff can wait until 45k miles. Your balance is zero today and you can pick up your car."I nearly fell on the floor. My 30K service went from possibly being $749 to $0 for things I can do myself.  Jim Askim deserves the humanitarian award!
<review# 1229,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2009,4/26/2009,281,205,16,17,16>I suffer from separation anxiety when I leave my dog. She's not a dog to me, she's a dat, a cross of a dog and a cat that follows me around like I'm the holy grail and she's Indiana Jones. Well, not really, it's just because I'm warm and smell good, oh yeah, and I feed her.When I used to go away, which is often for both work and play, I would feel the need to leave these huge long lists about what Fillit can and cannot have. Let's just say that I don't have to do that anymore. Postmore's staff is incredible, and Fillit LOVES them. She jumps out of my arms and into their, excited at the possibility that they'll start to play immediately as she begins to nestle into her bed in the front office, where many of the smaller dogs hang out with the front end staff.It's like a "lavender scented day spa" for pups. She always comes home happy, healthy, well fed, and smelling fantastic. Her nails are trimmed and she doesn't shed that much as they brush her and give her little treats. She's princess Fillit of Mignon there (not like she isn't at home, trust me on that one) and she never shakes or whines when we drive up and I bring her in.Although she's always excited when I pick her up and take her home, it's obvious that she loves Postmore. Not too expensive either, it's the best option I've found in Marin County to board and groom my little wonder dog. She's my pride and joy, and worth every penny. Plus, you can't buy peace of mind, but boarding Fillit Mignon at Postmore is as close as it gets. Now I can breathe while I travel.
<review# 1230,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2008,4/25/2009,854,590,60,36,40>I've been to Ubuntu twice and look forward to a third visit like it's my job.  First visit:A really wonderful, super romantic* dinner.  The food was delicious and perfect, especially the coconut watermelon basil soup.  that soup is ridiculous.  it will change your life.  it's better than the sex (that you have, most likely.  not me, i am amazing at sex.).  it is like drinking the blood of virgins.  eating it is what winning a gold at the olympics must feel like.  The wine list is filled with sustainable, organic and bio-dynamic (wtf does that mean?) wines.  The prices were totally reasonable based on quality of service and food.  I didn't see one heifer doing yoga.  Just the thought of a Skinny White Bitch running around with a yoga mat under one arm and a little crop top (YARG) that says "Namaste" on it is enough to make me lose my shit/lunch so plus multiple stars for that.  I cannot hang.Second visit:Holy shit, why am I impossible to take out in public?  I did quite a bit of wine tasting in downtown Napa before (including one place that I thought was a free tasting room but was actually a bar!  Oops, we have to pay for that?! Thank God I have fabulous slut friends who are willing to exchange numbers for many bottles of free wine!) and so wasn't entirely prepared to enter a classy establishment for dinner.  DO NOT INFORM THE HOSTESS THAT YOU ARE DRUNK WHEN YOU ARRIVE.  you will be rightly cut the fuck off.  it went a little like this:hostess: hello!  laura b: i'm DRUNK!hostess: okay, what's the reservation under?laura b: i'm DRUNK!maria d: it's under ed m.laura b: HE'S DRUNK TOO!!!  HAHAHA!and so on and so forth.don't worry, i hate me too.once seated, we were politely and tactfully informed that we were being cut off because of my outburst and the you know, being openly intoxicated in a nice restaurant thing.  the wait staff and management at Ubuntu handled it VERY well.  they never made us feel unwelcome or called out or anything like that.  and the food helped.  i swear, everything tastes even more amazing when you're drunk.  that is, it tastes amazing until you want to die.  i wanted to die right before dessert so i headed out to the car to take a power nap.  it felt so good, i can't even tell you.  we then headed back to the city and don't worry for my safety and for the safety of others, kind yelpers, i didn't drive!  ed was sober sister and is an excellent driver and made an amazing mix c.d.  if you've never seen maria and ed perform usher's, "love in this club", you are missing the fuck out.  you have not lived until ed has looked you in the eye and told you he wants to set you free, sexually, emotionally, mentally, physically.  or however it goes. (ED note: it goes, "physically, mentally, sexually, emotionally".)  it's hot, trust me.  i think they'll be doing it tomorrow at temple bar, in fact.  you should totally be there.)  In conclusion: Ubuntu.  Delicious when sober.  Delicious when drunk.  Delicious for dinner.  Delicious for lunch.  Please someone send that into The New Yorker poetry section, kthx!*THAT IS RIGHT, I AM LIKE TOTALLY IN LOVE.  WITH A HUMAN DUDE.  BELIEVE IT.
<review# 1231,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2012,3/20/2012,81,202,,6,3>Really happy to have this place as an addition to our neighborhood.  With the closure of Pacific Lumber and Hardware a couple of years back, it left people in the Terra Linda/Smith Ranch area of San Rafael with the unfortunate option of having to go much further South to Jackson's or (worse) Home Depot.  It's in a small spot for a hardware store - used to be a Sizzler for a long time - but they managed to pack in a lot of stuff you would want or need into the space they are working with.  Top that off with friendly employees (a big problem with the former Pacific Lumber and Hardware), I have been made an instant regular of this place!
<review# 1232,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/4/2011,3/17/2012,47,229,5,7,5>Came here on a Saturday morning before a hike up Mt. Tam. Around 11am it was busy but I came just in time to get the last table. I love this place because of its homey, intimate family setting. It's the perfect place to eat with family and friends - everyone here is very friendly! The only downside is that everything echoes in this building so it gets noisy!I ordered the Eggs Benedict and the bf got two eggs over easy. The eggs were cooked to perfection. We both love over easy, runny eggs and have yet to perfect making them on our own, so it's a big treat when we get them. My breakfast was very tasty! The hollandaise sauce wasn't too rich or overwhelming and tasted great with the eggs, ham, and muffin. I would say that the portions here are rather small, but it made for a perfect breakfast before our adventure!!Although I am not a breakfast/brunch kind of girl, I'll be coming back for more! Next time I will be coming back after 11:30 to taste their lunch specials!
<review# 1233,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2011,3/16/2012,66,100,4,4,4>Delicious Best Value!? Darn tootin' buster!As soon as you walk into this place they are eager to serve delicious best valued Chinese food directly to your open mouth. Go for lunch and you will get soup- glorious egg drop soup with your entree and rice! This place can't be beat for quick friendly service and good quality food.Then when you are done you can get a cigar from the shop next door as you bask in post culinary rapture.
<review# 1234,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2011,3/15/2012,87,152,,5,5>Been here 10 times last year as I took advantage of the 10 visit discount.  Not sure it still exists, but if it does, I advise to go for it.  An affordable way to get involved in this wonderful method of healing.Ronit and Ryan are all the good things people say about them in their reviews.  Calm and caring are words that first come to my mind.I like community acupuncture but I must mention the limitation I experienced.  Lying back in a chair does not always allow the same kind of access to the body, such as your stomach or back, from a needle perspective.  Being able to disrobe and lie on a table, face up or face down, can give the opportunity to access such points if called for by the issue.  Also, I miss having the heat lamp over the part of the body being treated.   Their new space is awesome.  Great selection of herbs.  All in all, a needed service to have in Marin County!
<review# 1235,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2012,3/14/2012,259,650,10,32,11>Welcome to the secret gym.  Nobody even knows it's here.  Unless you work for Autodesk, you'ld have no reason to venture into their parking lot or go near the building but that's where you'll find this little gym, a branch of the chain of Club One fitness facilities.I thought it was open to all, despite it's miniscule size, but I checked the web site for all Club One locations and it's not even listed,.  Then I asked the people who run it and HELLO, it's open to all.  Why is it not listed on the web site for Club One?  Because it's secret.  If you've been searching for a secret gym here you've go.  Membership is $45/month plus a $25 processing fee and a $50 registration fee.  A day pass is $12 or $8 if you're a guest of a member.  If you're related to a member who's an Autodesk employee your rate is $30 per month and if you're an employee the monthly rate is about $12.  There's classes (yoga, spin, stretch & tone, etc.).  Some are included with the price of membership, others cost a few extra bucks.  Some you need to make reservations for; others are drop in.  There's the usual weights and machines (ellipticals, stairmasters, rowing, bikes).  There's also personal training and personal pilates lessons available for the usual high fees.  Clean locker rooms, clean showers, towels, hairdryers, soap, shampoo... maybe this is why they keep it a secret.   Finally, if you join this gym the deal is that you have to use this particular site 51% of the time or more. The rest of the time, you can go to other Club One facilities.  Ssshhh....don't tell anyone.
<review# 1236,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2009,3/12/2012,25,112,4,8,3>Excellent!  Novato has one of the best Indian restaurants around.  Ambiance is great, service is great, and the menu has a good selection.  Everything I ate was 5-star taste.  Don't miss this gem.
<review# 1237,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2011,3/11/2012,152,59,,3,1>I've been in contact with Alta Cuisine for probably the past four months while patiently waiting for my High School's class reunion event planning to come together.  This company was always so friendly with their approach and very helpful when it came to figuring out a quote that would work well with our budget.  While we ended up going for a venue that provided catering, I definitely will recommend Alta Cuisine to whoever I can for their professionalism!
<review# 1238,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2010,3/10/2012,21,19,,3,2>This is a review of the Deli-Today I was craving a sandwich...not some lame safeway deli sandwich, but a more gourmet out-of-the-ordinary sandwhich, and I decided to try Paradise Foods.  I ordered the pork loin sandwich (pork tenderloin, apple rosemary aioli, carmelized onions and lettuce on a soft french roll)...Yummy!  The sandwich was so delicious, the flavors went really well together and it was a nice breakup of the usual turkey and swiss on whole wheat sandwich monotony.  The sandwich was pretty big and I couldn't finish it all in one sitting, but I found myself daydreaming about it waiting for me in the fridge and I ended up finishing it an hour later.  I'm glad I decided to try out the Paradise Foods sandwich...it's a nice option to add to the usual lunch spots around the BMK business park.
<review# 1239,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2011,3/9/2012,5,54,,4,1>What a great bakery, and it keeps getting better. They've added more selections and the quality is fantastic. The bread keeps for a week sitting on a counter and there are no preservatives!
<review# 1240,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2012,3/8/2012,110,278,4,5,1>Great service, nice ambiance for an Indian restaurant. The servers are really attentive.We ordered:- Pesto naan. Delish, it's like an indian pizza!- Chicken tikka masala. Pretty good, very creamy.- Onion pakora. Totally hit the spot.- Chicken biryani. Terrible! Rice is soggy, tasteless, and they use carrots and green peppers.Nevertheless, a good place for an affordable white tablecloth Indian restaurant.
<review# 1241,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/9/2010,12/6/2010,47,100,1,3,1>I'm new to the area, so any women needs to find a reliable and fun hair place right away. I found Renaissance on Yelp (surprise, surprise) and they did not disappoint. I love my new cut and color and they were flexible with only doing a couple foils and giving me the first time discount to help me stay within my budget. My only complaint was how LOOOOOONG it took. I was there for 4 hours and this was AFTER I requested that they don't start on another client in between my cut and color. They told me that they had a another client coming in and my stylist was going to have to start on her, so they wanted to keep my even longer than 4 hours! However, the listened and finished me up in time for my birthday dinner. They really do make a point to make your hair perfect and exactly what you want. I'll come back for sure but put a time limit on it.
<review# 1242,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2010,12/4/2010,9,23,,2,1>As a first-time home-buyer, I received good advice and great service from Ken's.  The price was reasonable, and the all-included service was luxurious (tearing up old carpet, disposal, adding a new pad, new carpet, and fixing it down).  They even threw in an extra couple inches of carpet which allowed for a bonus welcome mat and some extra remnants - they did a quality job.  I would use them again for other materials (they have vinyls and linoleums) in the future.
<review# 1243,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2010,12/3/2010,3,16,,2,1>Lindsay and her hubby are great! They really seem to care about the individuals needs with bikes, bike clothes, etc! A really warm and 'fuzzy' feeling and expertise in bikes and in riding them! They have a great selection of mountain bikes and that's what I'm talkin' about!
<review# 1244,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2009,12/2/2010,2,22,1,2,2>Had a great experience at the nail spa. The staff was friendly and nice. Both my manicure and pedicure were done wonderfully. The surprise was when doing the hand massage for the manicure, she rubbed my shoulders too. So nice. It has been over a week and my toes still look great. I am a fan and will be returning often.
<review# 1245,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2010,12/1/2010,259,64,1,7,5>We have sorely missed having a great deli at this location. Just a few blocks away from the Plaza makes all the difference in accessibility because there is no problem parking when you stop in to get your picnic items.The service is friendly and the food items are delicious. Your biggest challenge will be choosing because everything is excellent. And they make a great cappuccino - best in town.They will be opening a wine bar in the very near future to it will get even better. The place has charm and history and did I mention great service and friendly staff! There is lots of seating too so you can even hang out for a while. Lovely.
<review# 1246,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2010,11/30/2010,241,27,2,6,7>I needed a place to meet my husband with the kids for dinner and decided to try Rafy's. This is a very casual 'deli' type place - nothing fancy - but the food is FABULOUS. The kids had pepperoni pizza and the adults had stromboli. It was perfect. The stromboli portion was so generous I thought I would explode if I finished it but I simply could not stop, it was so very good. The ingredients are obviously fresh and very flavorful. The cook was very accommodating and friendly. We had their home made cookies for dessert and they were wonderful. We will definitely be back!
<review# 1247,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2010,11/29/2010,36,15,,1,1>All I can say is YUMMMM !!! By far, the BEST Mexican food in Petaluma. That's only my opinion. Do the research for yourself. I judge a Mexican restaurant by their chips and salsa bar - Mi Pueblo has the best one in town for sure !!!!!!!
<review# 1248,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2010,11/28/2010,54,279,2,3,4>I'm definitely a fan of their chocolate and the ambiance but the prices are a bit high. Nearly $2 for 1 piece of chocolate! Ouch! The gentleman who served us was very nice, spoke to us about the different types of chocolate and their box presentation. Overall a great experience. I would definitely go back to get it as a gift.
<review# 1249,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2009,11/27/2010,2,24,1,5,2>My dog loves it there.  I can tell he is treated well by how happy he is when he is there and how excited he is when he gets there.  He usually passes out on the car ride home from daycare because he is so worn out from playing all day.  I have left there for the day and overnight and have always been very happy with his care.
<review# 1250,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2010,11/26/2010,4,16,,2,2>The only pho joint in Petaluma. Portions are sized well and the prices are right. I wouldn't recommend the rice dishes but the pho and vermicelli are excellent. Sandwiches are tasty too. Ambiance is average but the servers are nice. I come here frequently!
<review# 1251,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2014,6/6/2014,2488,142,6,17,8>4 1/2 StarsI feel a little sad for Marvin's In Cotati which is a breakfast & lunch restaurant just few hundred feet away from Country Fresh Cafe in the same mini-strip mall. Because Country Fresh Cafe is a better restaurant with better food and delicious dishes!I've had four or five meals here already and tried Country Fresh Cafe the same week they opened. They've shaken out all the settling-in pains and are in full swing now. Every breakfast I've had here was excellent with the most recent one being the best so far!If they have the Crab Benedict breakfast special I highly recommend it! The Hollandaise Sauce was extra tasty and I think they used some orange juice or zest in the recipe! It was sooo good!The breakfast potatoes are great, the water glass is a "County Fair Drinking Jar" mug and even the orange garnish was so ripe and tasty!One of the owners Natasha is a sweet and nice person who often doubles as a server. I can tell she puts a lot of Love into her restaurant and it shows... and you can taste it in their food too!The other owner Edgar is a pleasant man who is very attentive to guests and makes very sure you are happy with your breakfast experience.Their business cards say this is an "American/French Fusion Restaurant" with their logo being a Rooster, a French symbol.I certainly agree that Country Fresh Cafe is something the Cotati/Rohnert Park area can "Cock-a-doodle-doo" about!Thank You, Natasha and Edgar for your warmth and friendliness! You have a lovely restaurant!Review 0132
<review# 1252,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2014,6/5/2014,2,14,1,4,4>Ask my 9 year old where she would like to go for dinner and there is one overwhelmingly used answer for that question. The girl loves her sushi.Gary Chus Osake Japanese Bistro in Santa Rosa is a favorite of our whole family. We usually start with the Martini Prawns, another fave of my 9 yr old and edamame beans. My 12 year old, who is more of a steak kinda gal, always starts with the miso soup and salad.This week's cute quote from my 9 year old "The salad dressing in Japan looks like face concealer make-up." As you can guess, she opted out of the salad portion of the meal.I have done both lunch and dinner at Osake and enjoy the atmosphere. It is toted as California Style Japanese and I would agree, I liked the California Wine List that is.However, we are still in wine country. When seated at the sushi bar, the chefs have terrific personality and also the waitstaff is attentive and sweet to children at the tables most of the time. Sometimes, when rushed the sushi rolls can be loose.Unless your children are well behaved and of course, enjoy Japanese cuisine, I do not recommend the place as it is a fine dining establishment. Although, they do give my 9 year old a cute pair of chopsticks cheats to help her eat without ever needing a fork.They are always very clean, nicely decorated with urns of flora and native murals and also have a L shaped fish tank to help pass time if you wait for a seat.Making reservation for Friday and Saturday nights is best since Osake is very popular with locals and tourists alike.The restaurant is located right next to the Montgomery Shopping Center on 2446 Patio Court - Santa Rosa, CA. You can call them at 707-542-8282 with questions or for reservations.But let me also state that the Martini Prawns Rock...and are quite addicting. The service is a hit or miss which is why I went with the 4 star rating.My favorite at Osake is the Cancun roll with uses pieces of  jalapeno, habanero and masago on top instead of making them into a sauce. Most spicy rolls I find have a spicy sauce to create the heat. The cancun roll at Osake has no sauce, but uses fresh small chunks of peppers to light the tongue on fire. Worth a try and a great presentation.Our picks for the evening:ROCK 'N' ROLLBBQ Fresh Water Eel w/ AvocadoHORIZON ROLLPrawn tempura roll w/ curry mayo sauce, drizzled w/ soy honey.DRAGON ROLLPrawn tempura, burdock root, shiso & cucumber, wrapped in eel, avocado & tobiko.PHILADELPHIA ROLLCream Cheese, Smoked Salmon & AvocadoLEMON CHICKENCrispy Chicken Breast With Fresh Lemon SauceTERIYAKI BEEFGrilled Prime Cut Angus Beef In Teriyaki SauceCANCUN ROLLSpicy tuna, onion, avocado, soy paper, jalapeno, habanero, masago, and lime juice.
<review# 1253,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2014,6/4/2014,62,68,3,4,1>My go-to local plant nursery. It's right down the street from my home so I love the location. Great selection of starter plants! When they are fully stocked it's like candy shopping for adults, so many choices and healthy quality. I bought and planted one of each tomato plant last year and they all produced a good- great amount, the Hillbilly was exceptionally happy! They also carry delicous fruits, veggies and preserves along with a variety of other yummy jars. I just love this tiny nursery, I always leave with a cart full of something new.
<review# 1254,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2014,6/3/2014,90,112,10,12,10>I am always game to try something new. In the mini restaurant row in downtown Cotati, the restaurant scene has recently acquired an international flavor w/ the addition of a Tibetan restaurant. Being the adventurous person I am, Yongewa certainly piqued my interest and curiosity. Yongewa also features a wide variety of Chinese food but I'll restrict my review to Tibetan entrees.From the little I know about Tibet, I've to confess that in my mind, a Tibetan conjures the image of a Buddhist monk garbed in yellow robe and is a strict vegetarian. Wrong! They are in fact heavy meat eaters as explained by Tashi whose family owns the restaurant. I wanted something authentically Tibetan and my server recommended Kham Then-thuk ($9.50), a steaming bowl of beef noodles soup w/ veggies. When asked the kind of veggies that would go into the soup, she said "....broccoli, zucchini, celery...." and I interrupted her "Whoa! These veggies are probably not available in Tibet!!" My guess was right. The kitchen promptly substituted them w/ cabbage, Napa cabbage and bell peppers. "Then-thuk" as far as I can tell was the equivalent of Chinese hand pulled noodles except they looked and tasted like flat pasta sheets. The broth had a subtle beefy flavor w/ all the fat from the meat trimmed off. The broth was bland and tasted MSG free (yay!) quite unlike the Chinese versions that tended to be overloaded w/ MSG. Tashi personally hand cut those noodles for me which I appreciated. The hot bowl of noodles was gratifying, perked up my energy level for the rest of the day just high enough for me to contemplate scaling the Himalayas.Momo is one of the most well known and beloved Tibetan delicacies. Short and simple, they are dumplings and the fillings can be either meat (6 for $7.50) or veggies (6 for $6.50). In Yongewa, only one meat momo was available...Sha Momo. It was a dumpling filled w/ ground pork and assorted veggies. They were steamed and looked like Chinese dumplings in their traditional 'plump round purse' shape. It is a simple dish, healthy and tasty although I find that Yongewa's momos were not as juicy and had a lower squirtability factor compared to the Chinese versions. A nondescript side of 'how' sauce was provided for Momo dipping that was nothing more than some salty chili oil.A Tibetan meal is quite incomplete w/o drinking the Tibetan butter tea known as Po Cha. ($2.50). I had my first sample and it was quite different from any tea I ever had. Po Cha was a filling and stimulating brew of tea that was butter rich, milky (yak's milk in Tibet) and salty and drunk at all times of the day and throughout the year in Tibet. It may be hard to imagine the blending of three distinct flavors...a creamy, buttery and salty mixture. The tea needed getting used to and I'm sure it can be addictive once you acquire a taste for it. Maybe you can even attain spiritual enlightening after a few glasses.The peaceful and colorful Buddhist ambiance caught my immediate attention when I walked in. Both the left and right walls were beautifully painted in bright red and adorned w/ attractive Tibetan paintings. Right against the back wall was a bar that appeared also like an alter w/ a picture of the Dalai Lama and contained other unique color symbolisms in Buddhism. Tibetan chants were faintly heard in the background giving me an awesome experience of being transported thousands of miles away to the exotic land that is Tibet!
<review# 1255,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2014,6/2/2014,119,96,1,8,4>Just bought a car from Hansel BMW, and I'm giving the experience 5 stars! We worked with Chris in the sales department, and he was great. He wasn't pushy, and we didn't feel forced into anything or rushed into any decisions, which for me is very important. If I feel rushed into anything, I back out. He let us test drive multiple cars to get the feel for them, and never got impatient. Since Hansel owns multiple car dealerships in a row, we ended up driving down to VW to look as well, and that's where we ended up choosing a car. That's one really nice thing...we didn't have to deal with multiple sales people, we were able to look all around and didn't have to explain what we wanted to several different people! Once we found what car we wanted (at a great price no less!), Chris stayed through the whole process and was there to hand me the keys at the end, even though I was with the finance manager finalizing stuff until several hours after closing time! That is great service. The finance manager, David, was great to work with as well! Open and easy to talk to, made sure I understood everything I was signing, let me know all of my options, and got me great deals :) I'm very cautious with decision-making, and have never gone through this car-buying process before, and so I was probably a little bit annoying, considering it was hours past closing time, but he was very patient and extremely nice about all of it. Everyone I came across at Hansel BMW was friendly, and great to work with! The car was priced below Kelley Blue Book value and CARFAX value, so there are great prices there at Hansel dealerships as well. One thing though is I wish they could directly withdraw down-payment money from a savings account. That would have made the process a little bit easier, as I didn't have any checks with me, etc.
<review# 1256,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2014,6/1/2014,6,15,3,7,3>Yesterday my car's battery and brake light came on, indicating that my alternator needed to be replaced.After calling a couple places, I decided to go with On Site Auto Repair. I am from San Jose where I have a very trustworthy and reliable mechanic that I have even gone to from Sonoma, however this is not ideal, so I think after my experience today, i have a new go-to mechanic in Sonoma County!First of all, they offered to pick my car up and drive it to their shop. This is an awesome convenience considering my car was dying and I am at work and would have to take PTO to get away.Initially I left a message on their voicemail, and they called me back after about 5 minutes and gave me a quote. They picked up the car and got it all done within 4 hours. They fixed the problem completely! Both Chris and Corey are great and I will definitely be going back again for both my car and my wife's.After having some not-so-good experiences with other mechanics in the area, thanks guys you rock!
<review# 1257,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2014,5/31/2014,26,304,2,6,1>These guys are great.  My husband brought his car here and had a great experience.  So when I needed new tires, it was an easy choice.  They outlined my options.  They even gave me an education on why my land rover goes through tires so quickly.  They were patient and helpful.  They have a nice lobby and free wifi.  They said they'd be done within an hour and it was only 40 minutes.
<review# 1258,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2014,5/30/2014,724,333,5,11,9>Love this place - Best Coffee that I've tasted in Santa Rosa. I've had a lot but not all. Easily better than Dutch drive through. Susan buys the best beans and really makes an effort to have excellent coffee - it's not just a business for her. Stopped by today for a Big Coffee - and Nikki (sp?) was working - she's Awesome, totally took care of me and recommended this Ethiopian blend that is so delicious I want to go back and get more of it. Excellent reasonable prices - for this level of expertise and quality. I know and love coffee and this is excellent. it's weird to me that one person tries their latte one time and has so much to complain about/might they work for a rival? idk  - I'm not a friend of the owners, they just make outstanding coffee. I usually order a Latte and ohhhhhhhhhhh they're sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo DELICIOUS. Check it out if you dig really good coffee! Yum.
<review# 1259,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2014,5/29/2014,9,30,,4,1>As good as it gets in SoCo.  Joe and Mike really went above and beyond to get me the bike I truly wanted.  I purchased a bike for my wife, myself, and a trailer for our daughter (including all our gear) and couldn't happier with everything.  Pricing was extremely fair as well.  I see some people comparing prices to Amazon or other places online which is unfair.  While I'm sure the prices are marked up, I'm sure the margins are much smaller than you think.  If you expect to pay less at a local bike shop than on Amazon then maybe you shouldn't be shopping at a LBC.  It's about supporting the community and the people working at the shop.  Bottom line is that the staff is friendly and knowledgeable, and truly care about you having a fun cycling experience.
<review# 1260,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2014,5/28/2014,3,11,2,4,1>I love yoga. I have practiced at least a few times almost EVERYWHERE in Marin, but Red Dragon has officially become my new yogi home. The instructors are friendly and professional. No nonsense environment. Very clean and very HOT. I practice both Bikram and power yoga most mornings and love the people who make this place an amazing retreat.Thank you Red Dragon because I would surely lose my sanity without you.
<review# 1261,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2013,5/6/2013,10,15,3,5,4>As a non-Napa native and an anti-wine aficionado, the familiarity and knowledge one is assumed to posses on a Yountville excursion can be daunting. Luckily for my credibility and taste buds my boyfriend and I stumbled onto Mustard's Grill right off the freeway. At first glance it appears to be a basic burger joint that can satisfy the most elementary of cravings while providing a preliminary glass of wine prior to a day of wine tasting. The hostess sat us with ease and our waiter continued to make our meal easier and easier. It was apparent we had never ventured into Napa; we could barely tell the difference between the notes and undertones in a glass of wine from a piece of sheet music. Our waiter continued to provide the perfect amount of insight for our pairings without a pompous preface. Beyond the wonderful training and plethora of knowledge the servers posses, the food was terrific. As a vegetarian, (I mostly only dabble in cheese-infused dishes) my palette is smaller and my choices are limited. For a "grill" I, Stephanie --a vegetarian, must say I was thoroughly impressed and satisfied.My wine paired perfectly with entree and side dishes. I've never been so excited to eat "mixed greens" and mac and cheese. The quaint hillside in the background overshadows the sight of Highway 29. It reminds you that you are deep in the Napa valley, expected to fill up on fresh food and start your day of wine tasting off right with a decadent dish from delightful people. We continued to visit Mustard's every day we stayed in Napa and will be back on our next trip.
<review# 1262,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2013,5/5/2013,0,7,,3,2>Love the "new" Sweetwater Music Hall & the adjoining Cafe. We first had Dinner. It is a limited, but super bar type of menu. The really nice thing is If you go in early, before a group starts their concert you can Eat in the music hall, itself. The food is delicious and creatively done.  I have never been one to order sliders but at Sweetwater, they were fantastic. We ordered a medley of shrimp, sausage, and meatloaf sliders. All outstanding.  The real treat were the appetizers. We ordered a Vegan Spring roll that was just, the best!  And, they offer a Burrata cheese Bruschetta with melted chard that was outstanding.  They also have a good selection of wine. We shared a Carafe of Oregon pinot noir, named Workbook and it was very good. Where else can you go to see and listen to tons of music artists and have a nice bar like restaurant?? Love this place!
<review# 1263,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2013,5/4/2013,0,17,,3,1>We had such a great dinner here last night, that I feel compelled to write it up. Though it was Saturday night and the restaurant was full, we decided to take a chance and see if we could get dinner with  a reasonable wait. The wait was short and there was room at the bar for two of us to sit and two to stand while we waited. As busy as he was, the bartender was friendly and immediately took our order. Our waitress was genuinely welcoming but professional and gave us plenty of time to decide, recommending exactly the correct wine. The food was outstanding, especially the lamb and the osso buco. But the pistachio cake with cardamon gelato was probably the best dessert I've ever eaten! At one point the waitress diplomatically backed away and came back later when she saw we were in the midst of a conversation. Nice.It was the first time in a long time where I've felt the food and service was worth the money we paid. A refreshing experience!
<review# 1264,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2013,5/3/2013,5,14,,2,1>My favorite bar in Fairfax!Great beer selection (15 taps or so)Good Food- Sausages are good, sandwiches are huge and the brownie was ridiculous last time I had one.Indoor bike parking has always made it my go-to post ride place, but its now my favorite bar anytime due to the selection.  Only con was that it was cash only, but its not anymore, so problem solved.
<review# 1265,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2013,5/2/2013,98,124,5,5,3>Muir Beach is so beautiful despite it being packed on weekends and the paucity of spots in the free parking lot. But enough whinging. Leave the madding crowd behind and head left, up a small hill to the 5.2 mile roundtrip Coastal Trail. You wil huff and puff a little bit (you need to get to the gym more often!) ascending the hill, but you will be rewarded with a sweeping view of the Pacific Ocean. As you walk the trail, which has slight ascents and descents, you may be lucky enough to see dolphins or even whales (in season). This is a great, albeit slightly technical, trail for running, but I don't recommend mountain bikes, as the trail is quite narrow and there is no room for others to step aside. It's going to be fairly windy on the trail, so bring a light jacket and perhaps gloves if it's chilly. Of course, don't forget your camera -- there are tons of Kodak moments here. Afterwards, go to the Pelican Inn to warm up with a nice draft beer.
<review# 1266,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2013,5/1/2013,2,3,,3,2>Wow, what an amazing breakfast/brunch we had at Woodruff's. This place is Sebastopol's best kept secret. We have had wonderful meals here before but today I decided I needed to tell the world not to miss out! We ordered the Fritatta, pecan pancakes and the Sebastopol scramble. The flavors were amazing, the eggs cooked perfectly and the pancakes so unique. On top of it all the service was terrific, and the prices really reasonable. They have moved out market items to make room for more tables by the windows which makes the experience even better. There is even outside dining!
<review# 1267,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2013,4/30/2013,56,48,,1,1>Tri Tip sandwich is amazing, half chicken if I'm watching carbs. This place is a top notch lunch spot.  Location, trees and ambiance make me feel like I'm in the south.
<review# 1268,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2013,4/29/2013,32,124,5,5,4>Finally a hip place to hang out in Marin!The ambiance is swanky modern and has different environments depending on the mood: the formal dining room for us famished folks, the bar seats for those of us who just want to enjoy a good drink or the lounge area to just sink into the chairs and relax. The oysters were good, but the star of the show was the amazing sauce that accompanied the mussels... this awesome wine creamy amazingness! The fries on top of the mussels is a bit of an odd addition, but whip out an extra plate for those puppies and all is saved.O! And did I mention they have live music?! Ya - pretty awesome.Thank you, for coming to the Marin Bubble.
<review# 1269,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2013,4/28/2013,71,32,,4,1>LOVE Happy Hour. Like a lot. Like seriously. It's 3-7 p.m. which is an hour or two longer than most places. I get their house margarita (organic style) for a buck more. $6 for a good tequila margarita made with agave nectar and lime juice instead of the grossly sweet sweet and sour mix. Totally worth an extra buck! Their Mucho Combo is good to share too and they never get angry when I ask for extra quasadilla instead of hot wings. Even when the sun is down and it's 50 degrees outside you'll shed your jacket in front of their fire pit outside. It's my favorite place to sit any time of the year. They also have heaters outside if the firepit is crowded.
<review# 1270,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2013,4/27/2013,75,132,3,6,4>While Marin County is known for its coast and beaches, it is known for only one lighthouse. The Point Reyes lighthouse gets all the flashy attention on California Coastal guides, hiking books and Marin calendars while its little sister the Point Bonita lighthouse appears less on the covers of magazines and tourists' agendas (although that may change as San Francisco tourists trying to escape from other San Francisco tourists drive out here.) That is the case for me, I have not been to this lighthouse in years while I visited the Point Reyes lighthouse at least twice last year (and knowing me, I will visit it again.) I decided though to visit with my friends and see how Point Bonita was doing. What I first noticed was the wind which was crazier than a Lost Coast hike where my friend's tent nearly blew into the ocean. The Point Bonita wind threatened to blow my precious USC hat away so I held onto it for dear life. I also had gone on this hike in my sperrys (I hardly ever wear sperrys but I go to USC where people gave me weird looks for wearing hiking shoes when I first got there so I changed to sperrys and forgot that in Marin, spontaneous hikes are pretty common.) This hike was a very spontaneous hike,  I was not expecting to take it. Then I reached the bridge before the lighthouse and learn that the bridge was recently replaced so it was not the old bridge where only a few people at a time could walk across it. That created a long line the last time I was here. Then I crossed the bridge to the lighthouse on the precarious cliff above the ocean. I immediately took shelter in the lighthouse next to some diagrams of some old maps because I wanted to get out of the wind as soon as possible and judging by the crowd in the lighthouse, I was not the only one who disliked the wind. I soon left but had a nice time there. Comparison to Point Reyes lighthouse: less stairs, easier to reach, smaller, less exciting, less reward and closer to the city. I still recommend it though.
<review# 1271,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2011,4/26/2013,0,8,,3,2>My favorite clothing store.  I make a trip over to Sonoma once or twice a year to shop at Total Look.  The two gals that work there are Wonderful, helpful and fun.  They are so good at what they do and help me find what I want.  If they don't have my size, they find it and order it for me!!!  Awesome shop!!!
<review# 1272,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2010,4/25/2013,92,4,,4,1>i highly recommend pierrette's of sonoma!  i have been an eleven year customer of hers, and we have become dear friends!  i recommend her waxing, facials & massages!  she is one strong woman!  as a sonoma native, i recommend pierrette's for locals or for those visiting.  she has an immaculate salon, a warm smile, and a tremendously professional demeanor.  love pierrette!
<review# 1273,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2010,4/24/2013,1,27,2,4,3>In the Summer of 2005 Barking Dog opened a second location. This downtown café caters to central Sonoma and is convinently located in the Marketplace shopping center just a block from Sonoma 's historic plaza. 201 W. Napa Street #9. (same shopping center as the Black Bear Diner and Whole Foods)This coffee shop is far better than the chain run starbucks.  This location in particular is huge with tons of seating - a group workspace area located in the back and even a childrens corner for you busy parents who need a cup of joe to keep up with your little ones.The space is clean - and there is a ton of parking in the shopping center lot.  Out door seating as well as a sunny ampitheater just outside its doors to relax in and visit with friends.The quality of my large iced tea ($3) today was amazing - a black tea - but with almost a hint of jasmine to it and some very fresh organic lemon sliced into it.The service was friendly and fast.Might just be my new coffee place.
<review# 1274,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2013,4/23/2013,70,223,3,6,7>I'm in love with this new salon!  It's hip.  It's clean.  It's comfortable (their chairs are the BEST!)And they do good hair!Ask for Nancy.
<review# 1275,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2012,4/22/2013,259,650,11,15,15>Mr. Disney, has an attraction gone missing?Until this star attraction finds its way back to California Adventure, you can save yourself the $80 and the schlep down I-5.  Besides, I'm not certain Disney could do justice to the majestic beauty of the real thing.  To see real waterfalls in the real world, head 8+ miles out Fairfax-Bolinas Road and look to park as soon as possible after passing the dam.  Walk a bit past the 8.09 mile marker on the roadside and, on your left you'll find the entrance to Cataract Falls trail.  From there, it takes very little time to reach the first of so many waterfalls I lost count.  Head up, up, up on easy to follow steps and bridges and dirt paths and you'll be treated to a true water show with many places to stop for photo ops or get close up with the falls.  The actual trail that goes alongside the falls runs less than 2 miles.  Getting up it takes all the time, since you'll be stopping for frequent admiration breaks.  Getting down is a cinch but murder on your knees.  Leashed dogs are welcome on this trail.  People with mobility and balance issues will find it uninviting.  Dress warmly as it's freezing when you stop moving.  Finally, for better directions, you might check this out:  bahiker.com/northbayhikeLast year, with no rain, there were no falls.  This year is currently making up for that.  Check it out now, before it dries up again until who knows when.
<review# 1276,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2012,4/21/2013,4,6,,1,1>Niles Szwed is a fantastic massage therapist.  I have gone to Niles at least twice a month for the last 15 years - he does tremendous body work.  Niles skill draws from his vast knowledge of how the body works and now I have a back that could once be left to science fiction can now be considered in the bounds of normal.  I am very careful on how I spend my money.....Niles is worth every penny - he is a master in what he does.  Run, don't walk to see Niles (if you can't run Niles will get you up and running soon enough) - he is as good as it gets.
<review# 1277,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2012,4/20/2013,103,212,1,4,2>4 stars for being the only book store in Windsor.3 stars for being on the smaller, high-priced side.5 stars for the lady who has helped me on a number of occasions (wish I knew her name).Cute little store. I will continue to support them when looking for a book as a gift, or something for myself.
<review# 1278,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2012,4/19/2013,24,4,,2,1>This is my favorite jewelry store in Windsor. I have never gone in there and not found what I was looking for. I can go in and find a beautiful $100 bracelet for my mom or a $25 necklace for a friend. Plus they carry some really cute nick nack items like high heel jewelry holders and decorative fans.  Friendly and helpful service as well!
<review# 1279,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2013,4/18/2013,49,3,3,4,2>Wow, I just got a mani and pedi today and I had a great experience!!! Very clean and the gal was very sweet.  The tools are sanitized. They used brand new buffer and file. They were going to dispose it if I didn't want it. Of course I took it! Will be back in couple of weeks! Yay my new hot spot!
<review# 1280,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2013,4/17/2013,58,17,3,5,7>I'm reluctant to write a raving review only because I want to keep this place locals only! (And after reading a couple mediocre reviews, it's clear those folks don't actually live in Mill Valley nor do they appreciate 'real' food. Recommend Toast or Dipsea over this place? That's crazy. Their menus are 100% Sysco.)Shoreline: The ingredients used are local. The coffee is top notch. (Kicks Blue Bottle's ass.) And the owners are clearly excited to be serving you the best quality breakfast fare in Marin.#1 thing you must try: The homemade hot sauce. When are they going to start selling that s*hit to go?!! Love. It. On. Everything.Hope to see you all there! (or not, because I'd like to be seated and served right away :P)
<review# 1281,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2011,2/24/2012,724,333,2,5,4>Ordered the Dinner-to-go and Javier brought it out to the car. Each meal was $7.95 with a delicious full of flavor pork chop, excellent rissotto and sauteed spinach - Excellent. One of the best deals I've come across in the area.
<review# 1282,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2012,2/23/2012,106,130,,7,5>Nate did my tattoo yesterday, and it came out exactly the way I wanted it!I knew I wanted to get it done here, and walked in with the intention of just getting a price and an appointment. Right off the bat I was greeted by the very friendly artists. Sometimes when I walk into tattoo shops Ill get a "why are YOU getting a tattoo?" look. Not these guys.Nate started talking to me about what I wanted. I gotta say, I give the guy kudos. I was a bit nervous and a bit excited as what I wanted came out in a flurry of bits and pieces of what I did and didn't want. He sat through all of it, and helped me plan out my script tattoo that was to go on my ribcage.When we got done planning it, he said that he had a cancellation and could fit me in today if I wanted. Although shocked and a little unprepared to get it done right then, I couldn't resist, so I got it. When he first put the stencil on, he said that he thinks it would look better if it curved more with my ribs, so he wanted to redraw it. I like that he spoke his mind about what he thinks would look best on me.The tattoo itself hurt (of course it would on the ribs!), but he talked me through it, was friendly, and I got through it and now I have a gorgeous tattoo to show for it. It came out exactly the way I wanted it, and I can't say enough how happy I am with it. If it were appropriate to lift my shirt all day to show it off I definitely would!Nate was clean, professional and friendly. I would definitely recommend him!
<review# 1283,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2011,2/22/2012,32,203,1,11,8>Just opened, re-designed, new menu, and lower prices.  The food is Syrah-like, yet the plates are easily shared and cost between $6-14.Highlights:  the beet salad, pork shoulder, slow cooked egg, crudo, and excellent wines by the glass.It's not surprising that Josh and his chefs are nailing it already.  The dishes feature exceptional ingredients and inventive flavors that rival the best you'll find anywhere in Wine Country.Forget Napa Valley and the loud touristy destinations.  This is a hot local spot that blows them all away.  And the exceptional service is designed to treat you like you'll be back, instead of eyeing you like a piece of tourist meat that they'll never see again.This is what Sonoma County cuisine is all about.
<review# 1284,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2011,2/21/2012,72,28,,1,2>Keller Estate is right across from Papa's Taverna so we have been eating here for the past 20 years! I love the Athenian Pita, the dolmas and the octopus. Enjoy!
<review# 1285,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2012,2/20/2012,141,83,3,4,5>I love coffee houses, I love family owned companies, i love great food, thus place is all three!
<review# 1286,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2011,2/19/2012,34,74,,2,2>This place was recommended to me by a friend who'd just had some work done by Ben. I was impressed with his work so I went and checked it out. I've had two pieces done by Ben since and I'm happy with the work. Nice, clean spot, good music playing, friendly staff, worth the price.
<review# 1287,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2011,2/18/2012,170,264,4,6,7>Am I the last to know? Oh, Charlie! If only I'd found you sooner! Organic, nearly-fast food & in Marin! Yes, I'm beyond excited.I love, love bahn mi sandwiches, but I'm always disappointed with the amount of pork fat in them. (Yes, I realize that's authentic, but why does it have to be?) Well, that doesn't happen here. I have had the best bahn mi sandwich here (too many times to count now I'm delighted to say) with the traditional pork, but better than traditional because it is slow cooked & positively superior to any other. The jalapenos on the side & other spicy condiments add all the flavor anybody should need in my humble opinion.The guy hustling does it with such a smile you can't help getting sucked in to his chill vibe. The breeze & happy decor along with the reggae or whatever happy music of the day is being pumped doesn't hurt either.The order taker has had some communication issues. I have no idea why Little Dan Noodles have arrived with rice & no noodle at all, but there are never any complaints as the good food is just that, but tack on *really* as in REALLY good.I adore veggies, but can also be quite the carnivore when I know the meat was raised with a smile. You just can't go wrong with organic & local.The drinks are pricey, but I still can't give less than five stars. This is one of those places I just can't overdose on the good eats.
<review# 1288,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2012,2/17/2012,252,234,5,7,6>My fiance took me to the Dry Creek Kitchen to celebrate my birthday on February 1st. The evening began with a glass of bubbles, of course. Our server brought our menus with several choices; Sonoma County Neighbors menu, a great deal: $36 per person for three courses, the Chef's Tasting menu: six courses for $74 and the main menu has many great options for enjoying a little bit of this and that ranging in price from $9-$38.  We went for the three course menu and ordered a few items off the main menu. We have gone in a few times before and the Chef, Dustin, is always so gracious; he sends out some of his favorites for us to try.The Foie Gras dish really needs no more discussion, it is what a Foie lover would think it would be: dynamite. With the new law coming into effect, no more Sonoma County Foie Gras, we thought we better get as much in as we can for now, at least while it's still called "Foie Gras".Every bite was creamy, rich and fatty. The presentation was beautiful, the entire dish was delightful.Diver scallops en croute; cooked and then baked with puff pastry on top. Table side they poke a whole in the puff, steam pours out and they pour in truffle, red wine beurre rouge. I am still blown away by this dish, the scallops were cooked perfectly, down to every last bite. The flavors of the scallops meshed beautifully with the truffle and red wine. A true masterpiece.We shared the paprika crusted sea bass and the honey crusted pork chop, both cooked to perfection. Dry Creek Kitchen commitment to quality ingredients shows through in every dish and is the main reason we continue to revisit the restaurant.From the bed of root vegetables and local olives to the house made bacon and hash, all the ingredients are fresh, local and many are made in house. Many of the meats at DCK are all house cured.The roasted Porcini Veloute, a soup that began with a bowl filled with crispy prosciutto pieces, Cognac sabayon and scallion coulis was finished off table side with the Porcini soup. A gorgeous presentation and brilliant mix of flavors.The dining experience at DCK is meant to be long. This is a place to sit and appreciate the fine foods we have available to us in Sonoma County.The service is quality; the Sommelier is approachable and knowledgeable. We brought in a bottle of Williams Selyem 2004 Bucher Vineyard Pinot Noir. The wine was treated with respect and poured gracefully.Each element of our experience was quality, well thought out and wonderfully executed.We finished off the night with an incredible display of chocolate: a multi layerd mini cake with layers of different textures of chocolate along side a "hot chocolate" or a chocolate consume. Basically we ate and drank chocolate.
<review# 1289,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2009,2/16/2012,31,145,,3,4>I'm rating this place based on their cakes and not the cafe given I've never eaten at the cafe.  We ordered our son's birthday cake from Couteaux's and we were extremely impressed.  It was the best cake we've ever had... the cake was perfect, the frosting wasn't sickly and it was light and perfect.  They did an absolutely amazing job decorating the cake.  We asked for a batman theme and it was beautiful; not the cheesy stuff you'd get from the local grocery.The cake was a big hit at the party.  You'll pay more because it's from a professional bakery and not the local supermarket.  The people were friendly and the cake was ready when promised.  We were impressed that we needed it for a party at noon and they baked the cake that morning instead of the night before so it was extremely fresh.
<review# 1290,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2011,2/15/2012,55,57,,1,2>Last night we had an excellent dining experience for my wifes birthday.  I will break it down in the order we went:-Glass of Roederer Champagne- Always great-Cheese Plate- Humboldt fog, some blue cheese which wasnt to stinky (thats good), and a firm cow cheese.  All good.-Oysters- Wife enjoyed Kumomotos and some local ones from Tomales-Scallop Ceviche- I got the screamin hot version and it was just that!  Delicous, and needed to get my water refilled twice to combat the heat.-Sav Blanc- Forget who made it but it was the cheapest one on the list yet very crisp and delicious-BUTTERFISH- SO GOOD! honestly the best fish plate I have ever eaten.  It was cooked perfectly and it was in this miso sauce with mushrooms. -Crab cake- The inside was very good, could have been crispier but I love them over crispy and we should have asked for it that way.  Tasted great. -Uni Mac and Cheese- Tasty.  Had scallops and breadcrumbs in it.  The Uni pieces could have been bigger.-Sole- Almond crusted.  Not as good as the butter fish but still good.  The almond crust made a good texture against the soft fish.-Bacon Wrapped Scallops-  These came with a BBQ sauce on the side as well as a pesto sauce.  Sometimes bacon wrapped items can be not cooked all the way through but the scallop was perfect.-Chocolate cake- I think it was a no flour cake, very rich and delicious and had some ice cream on the top.We ate here before and I think we made a smart choice staying away from fillers like the truffle fries and the chorizo cheese dip.  They always sound good but end up just okay.  Overall an amazing night.
<review# 1291,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2012,7/16/2012,63,169,1,3,1>I've been visiting the bagel shop my entire life and its an amazing place. The staff are great, and the bagels, oh the bagels they are just incredible. Someone else said they aren't as good as they used to be but I think that's bananas. If you haven't had a bagel shop bagel then you have been missing out!!!
<review# 1292,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2012,7/15/2012,147,287,26,7,6>I'm probably not the best person to judge, but...My wife's been trying to talk me into getting a pedicure for some time now - and by that, I mean since we met. I see her point, my feet are nasty, with calluses thick enough that I don't really need shoes. Toenails that don't really need to be discussed among rational adults. Suffice to say, I really shouldn't wear flip flops as much as I do.So when Halloween rolled around, and I somehow ended up going out dressed as St. Pauli Girl (don't ask), I found myself in here with the missus, getting my one and only mani-pedi. I'm not sure why I haven't gone before. And as I tap this out, I'm not sure why I haven't gone back. The lady that took care of me, Rose, didn't flinch at all when she was presented with my nasty, cheesy, stinky hobbit feet. She soaked them, massaged them, cleaned them up, de-funkified them, and changed them in ways I didn't think possible. Despite my wife's constant protests, I never had issue with the state of my tootsies, but after 20 minutes in Rose's hands, they looked like someone else's feet.Then came the fingernails. Same thing, luxurious hand massage, cleaned up the nails, made 'em look awesome. Didn't even flinch when I sheepishly told her I was getting fire engine red nail polish slapped on there. The assembled ladies getting their nails done giggled and hee-heed (my wife leading the way) as my nails were painted, with me sitting there wanting the ground to swallow me whole. But - and this is probably something I need to discuss with a therapist - at the end of it all they looked great, and a part of me didn't want to take the polish off after tottering around the City in my ridiculous outfit.For about an hour of severe pampering? $35. If I was a girl, I'd be here daily, but as a manly man, I have to pretend that nailcare is just for sissies...*puts on hat and sunglasses and sneaks off*
<review# 1293,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2012,7/14/2012,2595,287,5,4,7>Can't say enough about the phenomenal work the North Bay Veteran's Center does.They provide support and counseling as well as readjustment work with vets, their families, and their support networks. There are wonderful counselors, excellent support groups, and a plethora of resources for you or the Vet in your life. Some gave all, all gave some.Land of the Free because of the Brave.Oohrah
<review# 1294,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2012,7/13/2012,155,397,1,1,3>This place is solid!  Their tastey confections are a treat from heaven with options like smores, cupcakes, macaroons, and cookies.  The smore is divine, I catch myself day dreaming about them from time to time.  It is the perfect topper to a fun day or evening out.To make a good bakery better, they serve Four Barrel Coffee! It is strong, delicious, roboust coffee with no-nonsense flavor profiles.I'm in love with the cuteness of this bakery! It is a perfect gem in Sonoma County.
<review# 1295,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2012,7/12/2012,63,158,,5,4>Unpretentious. And free. So, yay to that! Good wine at affordable prices. WAY better wine than their neighbor Viansa, yet sister winery to Cline, which is directly across the street, bonus! We were treated really well, even though I know we probably didn't look like the typical wine snobs or buyers. We tasted every wine, and got a friendly explanation for each. We ended up taking port shots in a tiny chocolate cup for $1.00. Worth it!Cute gift shop, and lovely grounds.
<review# 1296,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2012,7/11/2012,66,100,,9,6>I have gone to Biscuits twice since they have opened. They are always very busy so it's a good idea to get there early for lunch or dinner. The first time I went I ordered the chicken and waffles. The waffles are super good- thin and tasty and come with a side of delicious creamy butter and real maple syrup. The chicken is free range and perfectly cooked. I would prefer a saltier batter personally but the taste of the chicken is very clean and fresh and good. The second time I went I had the Half and Half drink which is an Arnold Palmer in a huge mason jar. I ordered the Pappy- waffle and chicken slider with thick bacon slices and pepper jelly which is a real hit. I also ordered a biscuit on the side. It was fluffy and really good. The sandwich comes with maple syrup for dipping. I ened up basically combining everything and drenching it with syrup.My friends ordered the baked beans, greens and macaroni which they really loved. The quantity of food is so much that I didn't even taste anything else but I can't wait to go back and try more!The customer service is very good. The owners are very invested in the success of their restaraunt and the satisfaction of the customers. They are very upbeat and Tara (?) regularly visits tables to make sure eveything is okay and to communicate with everyone how long the wait is and to thank them. They are working on getting more seating. Apparently they are also looking into getting a beer and wine license so it would be nice to enjoy a cold beer with some fried chicken! It's really nice to see that this location is getting a lot of business since the last few businesses in the spot haven't done so well. I can't wait to go back!
<review# 1297,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2012,7/10/2012,0,3,,2,3>Dierk's is the best! I was feeling adventurous so I got the veggie hash last time. Good variety of vegetables chopped into squares and cooked just right, with eggs and toast. I've also tried the corn beef hash. It was too salty for me, but I think that's how it's supposed to be - so don't pay attention to me on that one! What I've had the most is the "Country Benedict", usually with sliced ham on sourdough toast and a good portion of hash browns. So delicious, just like you can expect every time. Also, plenty of parking in the neighborhood behind. If you come here on the weekend expect a 20 minute wait. But it's worth!
<review# 1298,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2012,7/9/2012,116,62,,1,1>Great local wine list with tasting flights! Small plates make it easy to have a variety of delicious foods at a reasonable price and you leave without be overfed and stuffed.  It is intimate and a good use of the space!  Great place to go for an early dinner without formality, sit at the bar and relax!
<review# 1299,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2012,7/8/2012,29,12,2,4,3>This place gets 5 stars for the food, wine and hospitality.  This place was packed.  I went with my boyfriend and we made a reservation.  However, the people at our table were taking their sweet time and we had to wait 10 mins or so.  It was a little annoying because I was starving but the sommelier/host was very friendly, accommodating and gave us each a complimentary glass of pink champaign to sip on while we waited.  The service was excellent.  The wine was the best and the food was even better.  I ordered a beef dish with truffled potato crostini.  Never have I had beef that literally melted in my mouth!  Together with the crunchy breaded and fried potato balls and the wine it was heavenly!The restaurant is dimly lit, perfect for a romantic evening and if you are willing to drop a Benjamin on someone special I would definitely recommend this place.
<review# 1300,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2010,7/7/2012,152,59,3,2,2>I love this store! I went in there randomly a few weeks ago and walked out with some really cool "elephant poo" products - basically paper made from elephant dung because it's actually quite fibrous.  I was impressed that the prices were totally reasonable (10.95 for a really cute elephant poo frame) and that I didn't have any type of awkward vibe from the employees as you might feel in other small stores.  The woman who worked there was totally helpful, I want to say her name is Ellen...  She's only worked there a short time so it was cool that she was as helpful as she was.  She also gave me an information sheet about the "elephant poo paper" that explains everything about it.  I definitely recommend this store!Here are their hours that I pulled off their business card:Mon through Sat - 10:30 - 6Sunday 12 - 5
<review# 1301,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/7/2008,6/15/2008,69,199,5,4,4>After perusing the various brunch options in the Fairfax area, Gaelen and I decided to try the Barefoot Cafe, a charming place to enjoy a  meal on a lazy weekend morning. We arrived around 9:30, Gaelen a bit concerned that it was too early to be open (this is Marin, after all) yet as I suspected, the place was pleasantly filled with locals enjoying dishes ranging from sweet and rich to savory and spicy. The waitress that led us to our table, did not speak english, and while we had asked if we could sit outside or near a window that was not shaded, clearly had no clue what we were asking and gave us a blank stare. Not wanting to cause commotion, we settled for the small table in the back so we did not get the full sun effect that I had been craving coming from cold and dreary SF. I started off with a soy latte, which came in a large rimmed  mug. The coffee was incredibly strong, and a bit bitter but the frothed soymilk on top was the saving grace. Gaelen ordered the breakfast sampler with texas toast, sausages, and eggs. I opted for the oatmeal served with currents and brown sugar and asked for additional fruit (as it said on the menu you could add fruit for an extra dollar). We shared an order of sweet potato fries. The oatmeal was good- but initially the order came with pineapple and kiwi, not the typical fruit that goes well with oatmeal (I was thinking more on the lines of berries and bananas). I asked the waitress if they had other fruit, but she said no. Luckily about a minute later a banana delivery saved the meal. They immediated sliced some bananas for me which added texture and flavor to the dish. The sweet potato fries were excellent- light, crispy, with a hint of sweetness (so easy to eat mind you). Gaelen's texas toast was a treat as well, the bread slightly infused with citrus and a hint of cinnamon. We left full and with ample energy to spend a day hiking in the nearby Fairfax Hills.
<review# 1302,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2007,6/14/2008,39,196,3,6,4>This is a great store to find what you didn't know you needed. If you go in with an idea you probably won't find anything, I usually am just browsing  here and they have a good selection of higher end clothing from people who have decided to rid themselves of "those jeans from spring"  The aisles can be tight if you and another person is in the same aisle, everything is well placed in the store which is nice. The clothing is all clean and color coordinated on racks. My closet is like this, either I am born for retail or I have a closet-color fetish.  They have four or five changing rooms and they all have those swinging doors on them. Some close, some don't. I have only seen one man in the store ever so this is not  an issue for me if the door is open a bit.    I have sold a few pairs of shoes here, I am still going through my stuff at home, but they take half of the profit. The saleswoman was really cool when I brought them in and she bought a pair from me on the spot, funny. I also signed up for the "if my stuff doesn't sell I want it to go to charity" program, I recommend it if you don't care to sell your stuff on ebay later.  Parking is tight as Peets is in the same lot, but street parking is available. They also have daily half-off prices on certain color tags.
<review# 1303,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2008,6/13/2008,22,126,8,8,8>It is a rare site to see a bar that can turn [[some yelper who shall not be named]] into a true stumbling mess.  Most bars can get him drunk and smiley.  Hell, some places can get him bordering the line between *that guy* and chester-the-molester, but to truly incapacitate [[some yelper who shall not be named]] takes true skill.  Nothing quite seeing a hardened drinking buddy into 'just got my fake ID'  slurry of incomplete sentences and college-esque liver poisoning.Good job Log Cabin.Mixed drinks taste like the liquor they're poured with, not their mixers.  Shuffleboard!Fun bartenders!Fun bar patrons!
<review# 1304,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2008,6/12/2008,38,33,2,5,5>I'm always checking out places to eat for lunch to escape from the normal workaday world, and Le Garage certainly has a wonderful charm.  Built in the side of a ship building garage (see what they did with the name there?), it has a lovely view of the bay and the hills beyond.  So what if boats are in the way sometimes, it's Sausalito!  One should expect boats and richness growing from trees.What an excellent find; the food was wonderful, with a variety of French dishes that one would (presumably, never been myself) find in little Bistros in Europe, slightly heavy, with a touch of the exotic that we Yanks sometimes need in our lives.The service for the most part was excellent and speedy, menus, drinks, meals flying out at a good clip.  As the lunch time progressed, it became more and more crowded, a good sign usually, but unfortunately the service decreased in proportion to the amount of customers.  Benefit of the doubt, it could have been a bad day, but when we waited 15 minutes for the check, cleared plates, and napkins in the "oh look, I'm done" mode on top of the table, it was a little annoying.Le Garage is still pretty young, so the kinks and service could fluctuate; with a little more customer service this could be an excellent place to be a regular.
<review# 1305,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2008,6/11/2008,47,38,3,3,3>The best part about this restaurant has to be the beautiful ocean side views. The oysters were fresh but overpriced ($2-3), the catch of the day was a fresh halibut that melted in your mouth- prepared with a truffle oil and seasonal organic vegetables.  The wine selection is impressive. A good solid restaurant with that open, airy, fresh new american feeling.  The service was not impeccable and for this price range there are many other restaurants that hit all their notes a bit higher.  Needless to say a worthwhile venue even for pre-dinner cocktails with that special person. Parking is validated which is nice since street spots are limited in this exclusive town.Ambiance: Dark-stained wood, maritime themed decorCost: $50 per person
<review# 1306,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2008,6/9/2008,19,44,4,7,5>I got married September 2007 and used Delicious Catering for our event. We had about 90 people and their work was absolutely fantastic. Lara has kept track of absolutely everything, including my other vendors.We have also provided them a schedule for the wedding day, and everything was followed perfectly. Lara was there to help set up and make sure everything was in order, the staff was super friendly and the food outstanding!. We received great compliments from all of our friends. I can't say more great things about their work. I was very very very pleased. It couldn't have been more perfect.
<review# 1307,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2008,6/8/2008,510,384,1,7,7>I've been coming here for five years on and off and I really think it's the most relaxing brunch you can have in SF. It's so nice to get outside the city in the morning for a nice breakfast. The food is very consistent and you get a lot of it (try the Dipsea Special if you're really hungry). I love their scones, they're baked fresh every morning and it's the perfect way to start your meal.I'll often come here after kayaking in Sausalito or hiking in Tennessee Valley, both activities are great for building up an appetite and the Dipsea always offers a satisfying meal.
<review# 1308,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2008,6/7/2008,45,40,7,10,12>Yeah, I get that a rabbit isn't the most common pet people have, but once you get one (or four) you become enchanted by their personalties and begin to brag about their litter box skills and how stinking cute they can be.  SaveABunny is the place to go to learn all about how to live with a rabbit in your house or apartment and get really educated about your pet before you adopt (why can't people do the same thing with children?).  It is also a fun place to volunteer.  You can help with gardening, grooming, outreach events and cleaning (which as a princess, I can tell you actually isn't so bad!).  They also always have a stash of chocolate lying around for volunteers to eat (a bonus).  The best part about this organization is you are helping animals that need homes due to stupid people who were too lame to be responsible pet parents which inevitably puts you in the lottery to not go to hell.  What more could you ask for?  Pets, education, fun and karmic points!
<review# 1309,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/25/2007,6/5/2008,22,38,,7,6>I chose this spot for dinner/drinks, because I needed a place open until at least 11 and I wanted something more fun than just a restaurant.  This place satisfies both.  When you walk in, there is a large dining area with huge booths and some tables next to a fireplace and a gigantic bar.  There weren't a ton of people there when we arrived- around 10pm, but still enough that we didn't feel pressured to eat and run.  I got two very good drinks and can only assume Rafael must've made them (based on RowBine G.'s review).  They were really good!   BUT, I ordered fried chicken (since I'm fried chicken obsessed), and each piece was totally cold in the middle!  Also, the breading was pretty thick and not super tasty.  When the waiter finally came back to check in on us, I let him know that the chicken was cold and he just said, "sorry, we'll be sure that it's warm the next time you come in" and didn't offer to warm it up or offer anything else to eat or nada!  I give it 3 stars because the drinks were great and it's open late.  The food is not so great.  That being said, my husband thought the pulled pork sandwich was pretty good.  Sooo, if you want pork, you're in luck, but don't go for the fried chicken.
<review# 1310,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2007,6/3/2008,630,981,1,10,8>NewTree manufactures intense dark and milk chocolate bars incorporating unique essences and flavors into them.  Made with pure Belgian chocolate NewTree makes the claim that all of their products are GMO (Genetically Modified Organism) free.  Their dark chocolates consist of 73 percent pure cocoa.  NewTree makes the claim that their chocolates are more nutritious by adding antioxidants such as guarana extract, grape extract, cactus extract and lime blossom extract into selected flavors.  Currently, NewTree manufactures 9 distinct flavors:Pleasure - rich, dark chocolate Vigor - dark chocolate with coffeeRenew - dark chocolate with black currantForgiveness - dark chocolate with lemonSexy - dark chocolate with gingerBlush - dark chocolate with cherryTranquility - milk chocolate with lavenderRejoice - milk chocolate with bitter orange and crisped riceCocoon - milk chocolate with cinnamonI sampled all six of the dark chocolate varieties at the recent San Francisco International Chocolate Salon, and Sexy became an instant favorite not only for the ginger flavor but for incorporating actual ginger shavings into the chocolate.  Forgiveness had a nice subtle lemon flavor and Renew was quite different with its black currant flavor.I was told by one of the NewTree representatives that I can now purchase these bars at Andronico's supermarkets throughout the Bay Area.  You can also order directly from their super informative website at newtree.com .
<review# 1311,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2011,9/16/2012,10,179,,4,1>It's amazing how many times I come here and end up hiking mainly on my own. So much space to roam, and so many paths to explore. Lots of wildlife, and lots of people to share it with.
<review# 1312,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2011,9/15/2012,177,143,2,5,3>With great service, contemporary French cuisine, and a classy ambience, Bistro 29 deserves recommendation.  I was blown away by the shift of my environment as I walked from downtown Santa Rosa into this French-style bistro.  There are many options for dinner--whether you're in the mood for something light or something rich and filling.  I definitely recommend the chocolate fondant cake with salted caramel ice cream.  I'm not usually someone who orders desserts, but I am so happy that I did this one time.Bistro 29 is the perfect place for a romantic dinner or a classy spot to meet with a friend one-on-one.  But, remember, they're closed on Sunday and Monday!
<review# 1313,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2009,9/14/2012,2,31,,1,1>Very impressed with their meals, I had the fish and it was excellent.  The soup of the day was broccoli soup and it was delicious, I even got a bowl to go.  Decent wine selection as well.  The tables were a bit close but they were able to seat my husband and I at a table that seats 4, but I wouldn't want to be crammed at the table for 2 that was next to us.
<review# 1314,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2012,9/13/2012,5,7,,5,2>All other Sushi places that i've been to in Marin have been mediocre but this one surprised me! The sushi was really good, the service was excellent, the location and actual restaurant decor were nice, and the prices were great for the type of experience I had! I would recommend this place for the next time you want to get sushi!
<review# 1315,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2012,9/12/2012,25,76,,2,2>This place is great any time of the day!! I've had their super burritos, dinner plates, taco salads and I have never been disappointed with anything! The place indoors is rather small but it makes up for it with plenty of outdoor seating which works well in the summer. I would definitely recommend Mi Pueblo to anyone passing by that wants to eat some good authentic Mexican food.
<review# 1316,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2012,9/11/2012,44,3,,2,1>This place is one of my Novato favorites.  Their BBQ chicken pizza is great.  I really like the sourdough crust and I've never had a greasy pie like you get at some places.  For pasta, the spaghetti with meat sauce and ravioli both can't be beat.  They just added hamburgers to their menu as well.  Their hamburg patties are made fresh and taste great, too. They've got Blue Moon in bottles and Hefeweizen on tap (plus several others) and for starters, try the amazing bruschetta.  Great wine selection (not the usual fare).  In sum - Delizioso!!!
<review# 1317,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2011,9/10/2012,2,31,,2,1>The Dailey Method is a tough workout (especially in the beginning) but I get the results I want. I feel stronger, have lost some weight and am toning muscles I never knew I had. The instructors are so welcoming and helpful. They adjust your form, throughout class, to ensure you are targeting the exact muscle that you should be. The showers are wonderful with supplied shampoo, conditioner and body wash. The schedule has early morning and evening classes to really accommodate everyone. The childcare room is really nice with lots of toys. You can purchase a package for classes and childcare. So grateful that The Dailey Method opened!
<review# 1318,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2011,9/9/2012,23,51,,1,1>My favorite place for Huevos Rancheros.  Why?  I love how they are just perfect.  Love the made to order fresh tortilla chips.
<review# 1319,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2012,9/8/2012,96,212,1,2,1>MY NEW BEAUTY REGIME USED TO START HERE....True confession...I used to get all my beauty products at Longs/CVS.  You know...Oil of Olay, Aveeno, Cetaphil.  Used to think that all beauty products were created equally.  On a fluke, I decided to visit Pharmaca's Menopause Event in March.  I was introduced to several skin care lines and I took the bait and purchased some.  Turns out, many of them are actually not good for your skin, according to beautypedia.com.  So now, do your homework first, then go shopping here.  What I do like about shopping at Pharmaca is that the staff is super friendly and helpful, plus they have a frequent buyer loyalty program.  Their prices are on par with Whole Foods, but they have a lot more sales. There's always something on sale for 20 to 25% off.
<review# 1320,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2012,9/7/2012,111,11,,2,3>I have been coming to Tag's for the past 12 years. One of the best delis in North Bay. Excellent food selection and customer service!
<review# 1321,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2011,9/18/2011,90,177,9,9,6>When I found this place, I nearly fell to both knees, looked toward the sky and praised God! I am not exaggerating, I am beyond myself, out of words, dumbfounded, completely infatuated. I am in love.... with a deli. But not just any deli, this old, classic, authentic, Italian deli. I spent the beginning years of my life growing up in Pittsburg California. In the late 80's, early 90's Pittsburg was a colony of Sicilians, straight off the boat. This was the resting place of many old Sicilian men bringing their families to the land of opportunity; just as my Nanu and Nana did. So, being that my family were a buncha pasta munching, cheek pinching, mafia rumored, church going Sicilians, we spent much of our spare time in the Deli. Meats and cheeses were a big part of our life, and still are. This is where my love developed for these little uncommon gems, and when I find one, I hold on with dear life.... and eat as much meat and cheese as possible =)My father, go figure, told me about this place. They have sponsored a few of his bocce tournaments, and with a name like "Mangia e Bevi", I knew it had to be good. The second I stepped in, I knew I hit the jackpot. Slabs of meat hanging from the ceiling, gigantic wheels of cheese filling the freezers. Shelves filled with freshly baked breads, peppers, oils, wines, olives, dried pastas, red sauces, white sauces, vinegars. Freezers filled with gnocchi, lasagna, pizzas, pastas, and of course gelato and tiramisu! And then I see it, in the corner of my eye, the Italian dessert shelves. A wall full of Italian cookies, almond and pistachio cakes and pies, tarts, candies, chocolates, assorted biscottis, candied fruits, ANYTHING your Italian heart desires. After exploring a bit, it was time to order my sandwich. I delicated read through my options. With over 4 different types of salami to chose from, mortadela, prosciutto, I wanted it all! Their specialty sandwiches sound absolutely delicious. Many made with pesto or oil and vinegar. Great combinations for delicious flavors. They also offer a great selection of sides, like macaroni salad, potato salad, chips, pickles. I went with the Toscano Salami sandwich with fresh provolone cheese, mayo, mustard, pepperoncinis and lettuce. It was ready in under 2 minutes and glaring at me in all it's magesty. The meat was piled high, the lettuce crisp, the cheese soft, the bread fluffy and fresh. He asked, "anything else?", and then it dawned on me... "do you, by any chance, have any.... cannolis?" ... "I do, I make them fresh". AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH! And the Heavens opened up and shined down a light so bright! "I'll take two!" 5 minutes later I was on my way with two brown bags filled with my childhood. And it was, perfect =)
<review# 1322,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2011,9/17/2011,352,403,2,10,4>I've started frequenting Deli 74 at lunch for their Korean dishes which can be had for a very reasonable price.   I've tried their Bibimbap, and spicy chicken with broccoli over rice.  Both were delicious and only set me back about 7 dollars.  Even better still is that Deli 74 is walking distance from where I work.  Good stuff, I'll be back to try their clay pot Bibimbap.
<review# 1323,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2010,9/16/2011,83,446,2,5,4>My husband and I wandered in there during a stay at Indian Springs in Calistoga. We wanted lunch without all the waiting that would happen in a restaurant, so we could get back in the pool faster. Both fans of Mexican Street Food, we thought this would be a good place to try. I must say, the chicken plato was the best plate of Mexican food I've ever eaten. It was juicy with shredded chicken in a fabulous sauce which included fresh cilantro and cooked red peppers. Since they don't have any tables and we were starving, we ate in the front seat of the car--moaning and groaning in between choruses of "yum yum." If you like Mexican Street Food and are in the Napa Valley, don't miss Vallarta Market!
<review# 1324,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2011,9/15/2011,39,179,9,12,8>What follows is a review of a spa, written by a man, who has has just returned from said spa, and smells and feels so good that it would be irresponsible to not share it with you, dear reader.I had never had a facial. I've never really been interested. The skin on my face is just there. It gets dry some times, it gets greasy sometimes. I shave it, I don't shave it, I wipe food off of it, I sleep on it, and I generally take it for granted. It's been a bad relationship. It's there for me every day and every night, representing who I am to the world and I can barely be bothered to wash it every night before bed. I now know that I've neglected my face for far too long and that it deserves much, MUCH better. I've seen the error of my ways.I got a facial at Skin Obsession today. My first.I didn't know what to expect. Would I be reclined in a chair, would there be some slapping or would paint be involved? Would I walk out smelling of lavender and flowers, or would I wind up bright red from some acid/peel/treatment? Would it hurt? Is it even right for a man to get a facial?I was a little afraid.I walked into Skin Obsession apprehensive, but was quickly relaxed. The surroundings were comfortable, and the aesthetician Ellie was friendly and welcoming. She explained what was about to go down, and made me feel at ease. I started to want it. I resigned my fears and got on board with the whole facial concept. My face has needs and it was making them known. It wanted to be pampered and massaged and exfoliated and hydrated and tended to. It was taking over, and was going to get what it wanted and deserved. Love. Skin love.I slipped under a warm blanket on a warm bed and the relaxation started. Ellie came back into the room (she had left me alone to remove some clothing and get cozy) and it began.I won't get too into the details, but here are the basics. My skin got gently stripped down, massaged, cleansed, hydrated, and exfoliated. Pores were flushed, there were some extractions, my neck got rubbed, there was steam and heat, and everything from my shoulders up kind of... melted. Never having experienced anything like this, it was foreign, but extremely enjoyable.Ellie told me what she was doing as she performed her magic, and gave me an education on how skin works, what it needs and wants, and why getting a facial is a good idea.Did I mention it smelled good? It did. It smelled amazing. It STILL smells good. So good, I'm writing this a few hours later and every deep inhale through my nose is a delight. I thought I was going to wind up smelling like a woman (in my mind, an older woman who may have had some work done...), but Ellie used products formulated for man-skin that aren't overpowering or... offensive to the... male palate. And of course, there's another set of products for the ladies.After about hour of this good kind of self-indulgence, I was left alone to reflect for a moment, get dressed, and bask in my own warm glowing warming glow. I was relaxed, I looked good, I felt good, and as I mentioned before, I smelled good. The point? I'm sold. Gentlemen, give your faces a chance. Make an appointment. It's worth it. I may not have any past experience to compare today's facial too, but I can tell Ellie is a pro, and that she knows what she's doing. The atmosphere she creates and treatment she gives is top-notch, and I've realized this mug of mine is worth it. We all need to give our faces some sweet, sweet love from time to time, and Ellie gives it good.Seriously. I've been converted. Ladies are on to something with this facial stuff. There's no reason they should have all the pleasure.So. Skin Obsession. HIGHLY recommended to all. Ladies, go see Ellie. Gentlemen, go see Eliie. I know I for one, will definitely be returning.
<review# 1325,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2011,9/14/2011,1,14,1,4,3>I had recently relocated to Petaluma and was looking for a good Chinese restaurant. I tried Lily Kai based on the reviews here on Yelp and was not disappointed (thank you Yelpers!!!). The food at Lily Kai's is very fresh; the sauces are well-balanced and not overly-sweet or "goopy". The restaurant itself is very clean, spacious, modern feeling; perhaps a little on the noisy side, but certainly nothing unusual - overall a very pleasant experience. They finally just started home delivery, but the driver seems to leave around 7:30 or 8:00 pm, so they really need to expand that service. I'm hoping they will do so once the demand picks up as people learn about it. Highly recommended!
<review# 1326,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2009,9/13/2011,1,23,3,6,2>Have a couple minutes to spare?Don't know where to find that fun and bizzare set of dishes/jewelry/toy for that strange yet loveable friend of yours? Heebe Jeebe's the place. They even have Champion, the coin operated wild west pony for the kids out front. Stop on in, you might just find that unexpected something which makes your life complete. And if not, it still is a super fun store to check out anyhow.
<review# 1327,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2011,9/12/2011,152,59,8,6,5>Finally a Chicago hot dog spot in the North Bay that actually does things right!!!  As a native Chicagoan uprooted from her land of glorious foods into this state of organic sprouts and wheatgrass, it is truly a gift to have Roy's Hot Dogs in town.  The people who work there are hilarious and probably the hardest working restaurant folk I have ever seen.  If you go there when it's busy, you'll see what I mean.  But... if you go when it's busy (on the weekends) you shouldn't be surprised if you have to wait a while to get your order taken or that they might be sold out of their famous italian beefs and pastrami sandwhiches. And if they are.. don't give them attitude!  They're busy because THEY'RE JUST THAT GOOD!!  You gotta try their pesto blue cheese fries.  At first I was afraid, I was petrified... I never knew that fries could taste so good with blue cheese running down the sides... But once I gave it a shot I quickly knew that I wrong... Pesto and blue cheese is a mixture that definitely belongs! Haha, check them out next time you're in the mood for some classic Chicago food and sure to represent your town in the Chicago area if you're from there on their awesome map!!!
<review# 1328,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2011,9/11/2011,139,364,1,3,3>This is probably the all around best roadside stand I have been to. The got amazing produce, fresh eggs, dairy, beef, etc. I stumbled upon this place coming back from Sonoma one day and couldnt be more happy to discover this gem. The prices are very reasonable and the quality is superb. They have starter plants too.
<review# 1329,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2008,9/10/2011,13,52,1,6,2>I had a car issue one morning just as I was headed out to work.  I know nothing about cars and what all the particular noises mean, I just knew that it sounded bad.  I'm relatively new to the area, so I had to find a new mechanic.  Out West (I guess Maria?) was really helpful on the phone and returned my phone calls immediately.  They fixed my car that day for what seemed to be a extremely reasonable price (spark plug and some line repair for a couple hundred) - or maybe I'm used to getting ripped off by mechanics.  If nothing else, they are fast and friendly!I guess there is something reassuring about a woman too...
<review# 1330,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2011,9/9/2011,6,36,1,3,3>The seed bank is paradise for gardeners.  I had been buying their seeds for a couple of years and was excited to hear they were opening a store in Petaluma.  Just my luck, I moved to the area a few months later.They store is beautiful with so many rare varieties to try.  They are very helpful and offer suggestions according to where you live in the county and beyond.  They also have workshops on Thursday evenings and offer the space for use by garden related groups.
<review# 1331,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2011,12/10/2011,32,117,2,8,4>Low lights, soft music, calming scents, soft voices - all this to get you relaxed before your treatment. They ask you to come early so you can get a hot foot soak & hot shoulder pack in the relaxation room. Then off to your treatment, which for me was The Essential Massage (their basic massage). I'd wanted the 80 min Ultimate, but called too late to book the longer session - note: call a few weeks ahead to get the date/time/treatment you want. Was offered one of three massage oils for my treatment & was then left to disrobe & slip between the sheets on the massage table. I swear the sheets were at least 1000 thread count - so soft & luxurious, and the down comforter on top - heavenly. The massage was just right & she told me to let her know if I wanted it harder or softer. I only wish it had been longer than 50 mins. Then she lifts you to a semi-sitting position, probably so you don't fall asleep - ha, I could have, easily. Then back to the relaxation room for water, tea & some time to come-to from your massage coma. The changing rooms are well appointed with lots of lockers, 4 curtained changing rooms for those who are shy, and 2 showers. Mirrored wall with counter and stools has hairdryer, curling iron, shaving gel, razors, combs, cotton swabs, and deodorant - pretty much everything you need to once again make yourself street-presentable, unless you like massage oil in your hair! They're very solicitous of your needs without being obsequious - just the right balance to make you feel truly pampered. Money saving tip - buy SpaFinder GCs at Costco ($100 worth for $80) to save 20%.
<review# 1332,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2010,12/9/2011,2,14,1,4,3>Everything we ordered was delicious. The starter salads were fresh and tasty. The bread for the table was really good. It had some sort of cheese baked on top and it was light and flavorful. The pasta primavera was one of the best I've ever tasted. The waiter was professional, very friendly, and went out of his way to be attentive.I'll definitely go back again.
<review# 1333,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2011,12/8/2011,60,64,3,4,3>We love marvins! Great breakfast spot in novato for a delicious and hearty meal, or just a few hot cups of coffee. This morning we came in as a party of four, were seated quickly, and taken care of very well by all the staff. Everything we ordered came out perfectly! Definitely recommend the OJ (truly fresh-squeezed) and their muffins are DElicious! That is all. We'll be back.
<review# 1334,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2011,12/7/2011,52,40,1,4,2>We went here last night and had a really good experience!  The restaurant was clean and inviting, and very kid friendly!  And our waitress, Mo, was fantastic, both with her service, and with her interactions with our 2 year old!  We hadn't been here before, but we will be back!  Oh yeah, they are at a new location - 459 Entrada Dr, Novato, CA 94949
<review# 1335,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2011,12/6/2011,39,90,2,8,3>You will not find a nicer sandwich anywhere!I've been going here for years, and the quality of ingredients, and the precision of how they build a sandwich is just tops! They even bake their own bread every day! I'm always glad to have an excuse to drive north to Novato on a week day just to drop by and grab my favorite sandwich. Atherton Club on Herb Roll!Please drop by the shop and give their sandwich a try. This is not the same as the one in San Rafael, much much better.
<review# 1336,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2011,12/5/2011,21,19,,3,1>Just want to update-I think this place has gotten even better with time.  I litterally CRAVE their pizza.  I love the crust and the sauce.  They have mastered the art of the perfect amount of toppings-not too little that I feel like I am being ripped off, but not too much that it causes the whole pizza to become a soggy mess.Also, my order has been correct every time I have ordered since the June 2010 incident.  My sister and her boyfriend DEMAND Stefano's pizza when they visit from college and Stefano's has officially become our go-to pizza place in Novato.
<review# 1337,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2010,12/4/2011,43,33,,2,1>I'll never go anywhere else for cakes.  We had them make our wedding cake last year and just picked up our complimentary wedding cake topper replica.  Not only are they awesome but their cakes are by far the best in the north bay.  We live in Santa Rosa and it is very much worth the drive.  They make custom cakes for any occasion.
<review# 1338,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2010,12/3/2011,79,91,1,4,3>I love that this store exists! I have bought honey here on multiple occasions because I have really bad allergies in Sebastopol and use local honey to help with the symptoms. I love that I have this option! Not to mention that the honey is delicious and fair priced and I love that I'm helping the local economy. They have honey sticks but they are not local honey, but from Oregon, I wish they would have local honey sticks too!I can't wait to try their beeswax candles. If you go you have to do the honey tasting and you have to check out the back room! I never knew how much goes into beekeeping and all the cool tools that have been made to support this craft. Its fascinating just to see all the suits and hive parts, etc. The bees are also on site in the back.
<review# 1339,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2010,12/2/2011,6,13,,3,2>Renga never ceases to amaze me. At my last stop they had these flowers that were crafted out of old LP's. They also had these awesome bracelets made out of bottle caps. Most of the items are fairly priced, and you can find a lot of great deals for this little store. If you're driving out to the coast be sure to stop through Occidental to check out Renga and the awesome store called Hand Goods which is next store.
<review# 1340,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2011,12/1/2011,1,18,1,2,2>Love this place. Great coffee, discounts for riding your bike and bringing your own cup, and super fun folks working there. Looking forward to checking out their new location in Santa Rosa!
<review# 1341,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2012,6/26/2012,12,79,,2,1>Great prices and wonderful selection. The family running this store is really helpful and nice every time I come in to shop. They are patient to my silly questions and make sure to accommodate my requests. They also open the kitchen up and have food made to order on Fridays!
<review# 1342,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2010,6/25/2012,273,551,,4,2>Visted Fisher the other day. Its really off the beaten path. You have to know about it to taste and tour their winery. They have 100 acres with 6 different micro climates and produce around 7,000 cases annually. I tasted their:2009 Rose (blend of Cab, Syrah, Pinot) ($25): guava notes on the aroma and especially on the palatte. secondary floral notes with beautiful strawberries and lemons. Very refreshing.2007 Chardonnay Carneros ($55): classic popcorn aromas with golden apples, creamy notes, not as much acidity as I would have liked, viscous on the palatte. 2006 Coach Insignia Cabernet Sauvignon ($80): 100% Cab, smokiness, with minerality, red fruits hiding behind the mustiness. wonderful acidity with medium-lighter tannis, plums and blueberries coming out with violets and herbaciousness. My favorite wine.2006 Sonoma Mountain Cabernet Sauvignon ($85): 100% Cab, red fruits, bigger tannis, finish is unsatisfing, not my style. Really enjoyed the other Cab though.Nice tour, very informative of the family and their style.
<review# 1343,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2010,6/24/2012,50,126,,4,1>This review is primarily for the restraunt,, although yesterday we ate and shopped. Lola's is a excellent place to get a well priced huge burrito. for 5.70 my husband got the Carnitas regular... It was jinormous and delicious. I took a bite myself. Tons of meat , just the right amount of rice and beans and a wonderful salsa. Daughter and I shared a super Nacho plate with sour cream and guacamole on the side. MMM delish and it was enourmous. Huge plate piled high with beans, prob almost 1/2 pound of carnitas and cheese... So huge, we were stuffed only half way though so we took home the rest for dinner. Imagine 4 meals out of one plate... that works out to less than 2 bucks a meal. The chips are great and they have a nice little salsa bar with 3 kinds of salsa... They have changed the place a bit,, moved the deli out of the main market and put it in the cafe. The flavors and freshness are excellent as well as the great prices. We shopped a bit in the market,, they have great deals on vegies here... no organic, but you can tell its fresh and always well stocked.  We are huge fans of Lola's Market.. if you have not tried it,, its a must.
<review# 1344,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2012,6/23/2012,29,109,,5,1>This place is out of a movie. The owners are always there and very nice. Staff is great. Have tried several sandwiches and they are all delicious. Reminds you of some place that would be on Seinfeld. Don't pass it up if you're ever in the neighborhood!
<review# 1345,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2012,6/22/2012,56,246,,1,1>I LOVE this place! We stumbled upon it a couple months ago and it's now our favorite pizza place in town- by far.The crust is the perfect thickness- not too thin, but not too bready. The toppings are fresh and delicious- and they say they source locally as much as possible. We've both ordered in and taken out and it's a great place for both. The people that work there are nice and very laid back.I can't say enough good things about this place. I'm so happy to have found it.
<review# 1346,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2011,6/21/2012,7,15,1,2,2>I found Marri from tanning at great sunsations, I was soooo lucky!  I had been waxed before but it had been a while, but was heading to Costa Rica so it needed to be done....I was soo happy. Marri did an amazing job, and it was fast..... I have been waxed before and it took 30+ minutes.... with her you are in and out in under 15 minutes with a perfect wax... then she will text you a reminder in four weeks!!  Aside from being good at what she is doing and fast she makes you feel alright to drop your drawers hop on the table.... Marri is the best in town without a doubt!!!!
<review# 1347,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2011,6/20/2012,177,143,4,10,5>Rating this one was difficult.  I mean, when you're looking for vintage clothing, this place has it ALL!  They have costumes, dresses, goggles, shoes, accessories, everything--from every decade since forever ago!However, it's also a pretty steep place to buy things.  I can honestly say that I have found same styles for much less expensive.  It comes down to a choice.  Do you want to spend the time on the hunt and creating the outfit?  Or do you want a quick fix of something snazzy and perfect?  Some of us like the hunt, but sometimes you just don't have the time.  If you don't mind spending $100 on a vintage shirt or $50 on goggles, this is your store.  If you're a bargain shopper, it's not for you.But, seriously, they have everything!  And, everything's cute!Also, I love, love, love an advertisement in the right dressing room.  It's an ad for a weight-gain supplement for women who want to be more curvy.  So cute!  I wish society/magazines/media could grasp that form of beauty again.
<review# 1348,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2012,6/19/2012,141,83,2,9,5>I can not begin to say how great this place is! Words cannot express the greatness this place adds to our community. The owner opened this restaurant, where she hires troubled youths to create their own menu, then the patron pays what they feel the food was worth, giving a portion to the future chefs! I love the concept to help the children of our community, I love the open and creative menus, I love the open heartedness this place brings.I love what this place represents!!!!
<review# 1349,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2012,6/18/2012,69,46,1,3,2>Melissa (Foxy) made my wedding like icing on cake. Pun intended. Amazing!!! And I tested like six or seven different options before choosing her. Every flavor was simply perfect. And I can't tell you how many guests' minds were blown by those cupcakes. Highest compliments. I dream of them still!! I've had tons of requests for her contact info too, so spreading the word as best I can. Don't even bother wasting time deciding, her prices and customer service were unbeatable!
<review# 1350,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2012,6/17/2012,39,70,13,18,9>In order to put this "woohoo" review in perspective, friends I must make a confession that is not in lock-step with our economically lean times; it may even cause some to rebuff me as a member of the dreaded 1%, but I am not much for political correctness, so here it is: I wear expensive shoes.  I am not talking about dropping $100 at Macy's on a pair of ghastly "leather uppers," with plastic soles.  My shoes speak French, Italian, and Spanish (from Spain), and most of them were hand made.  Aside from my beloved Chuck Taylor's, I wear these members of the European elite every single day.  Tate's is the only service I trust with my babies:  Gucci, Prada, Gravati, Blahnik, Dolce &Gabanna, and Chanel.  Hands down. I am a repeat customer--here is why:I believe that the gentleman that runs the place is nothing short of a miracle worker, perhaps even a shoe-shaman.  Case in point, in July of 2011, a dark cloud descended upon my house when I got home late one evening--I came home to discover that my chihuahua-fox terrier mix Tiberius was particularly frustrated at his Mama's late return (thus his late dinner time) and he sought his revenge on the exquisitely pointed toe of my black Dolce & Gabana kitten heel-sling backs!  When I saw the evidence of the mauling, I swear I blacked out for a moment.  Had Tate's been open that late, I would have fed the dogs and run over there immediately.  My heart sunk.  It is true that I wisely bought a spare pair, which remains unworn and protectively wrapped in its original cocoon, but I was not ready to press that red button.  I was unwilling to accept that my kitten heel-sling backs were dead.  I am an optimistic person by nature and I was not going to play Taps just yet!When I dropped them off at Tate's the next day, the miracle worker, looked them over and cautiously shook his head telling me that he was not sure what he could do, but he would try.  The damage was substantial.  The scene played out like something off of daytime TV, but forgive me, I love my shoes!  He asked me to give him time--trust me I did and did not regret it.I picked up my shoes weeks later and was not disappointed.  The shoe-shaman slung my sling backs back to life!! I now call them Lazarus!  The toe was expertly repaired--although there is some evidence of the little teeth marks that remain, which there was nothing he could do about.  I find them a bit charming actually... Needless to say, the shoes are beautifully back in circulation and bring me as much delight as they ever did.  The cost for this miraculous recovery? $24.Tate's has earned my eternal trust and confidence.  Let them earn yours!
<review# 1351,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2009,12/18/2009,24,408,1,6,3>This location has been the kiss of death for many previous tenants. I can't even remember all the restaurants that have tried to make a go of it here and failed. So for that reason alone I want Brody's to succeed. The owners are nice people and they do a great burger at a fair price. They offer some unusual items, like salmon burgers and sweet potato fries. And I like the idea of a fast food place where you can bring the kids but still enjoy a beer or a glass of wine. The dining room has been nicely updated, with all traces of prior occupants removed, with some antique-style window frames and ceilings, along with a few old bicycles, creating an old-time atmosphere.  The food is above average, better than any chain operation, although I can't say the burgers are in the same league as Mike's or Superburger. Still, this part of town badly needs a friendly, slightly upscale and affordable place like this. If you're in north Santa Rosa and in the market for fast food, skip the chains and head to Brody's.
<review# 1352,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2009,12/17/2009,67,79,5,9,12>Walk Rodeo Beach on weekday mornings before the fog lifts.Wet beach sand is a good run for dogs and people:  waves reach far up on the sand, tease dogs to chase the retreating surf into the next rolling wave..   And there's usually a brisk salt breeze here, where the coast is open to the ocean wind.Water and wind bring long strands of bulbous kelp, logs, fishing gear and even dead sea lions onto the beach.Ah, but, what's the joy of being a dog if you don't roll in carrion?  Gotta do it.  However, the death smell of a marine mammal is unattractive to people.   So, be alert, you don't want your dog to acquire it before the ride home in your car.When you're walking alone, without a dog, or with only a few select people who know when to keep their mouths shut, edge across the beach toward the lagoon.  Big brown pelicans over-night there and fly off to fish in the early mornings.  Sometimes they go as far as the Farallon Islands near the horizon.  Sometimes the pelicans and cormorants fish right there in the lagoon in front of you.Signs tell you this lagoon is fed by both fresh water from a stream and salt water from the ocean when storm waves crash over the beach where you are standing to read the sign.There are some unique species adapted to the mix of salt and fresh water in this lagoon.  Most dogs and people are unimpressed. Choose your company carefully -- or go alone.  And go early.
<review# 1353,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2009,12/16/2009,178,402,3,4,4>When I lived in Tam Valley, I found out that Cafe del Soul was not just the best thing since sliced bread, it was actually better.I would drive up to my little studio on the side of Mount Tam, and often get really lonely because it seemed so far away from anyone.  But I would sometimes stop and pick up food at Cafe del Soul and not much makes you feel better than opening up your to-go nachos on have'a chips with tofu and reading a handwritten note that it was "made with love..."Fast forward a couple of years- the prices have gone up, but the food is still fresh, healthy, and delicious (well, except for the nachos- not so healthy).  Yummy vegetarian and non-vegetarian food in sandwich, salad, or wrap form abounds in this relaxed and funky coffee-shop atmosphere.  I always take my food to go, and the box always tells me my food was made with love.
<review# 1354,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2008,12/15/2009,35,76,9,9,10>Do you need an apron that reads "Danger: Men Cooking," a beer cozy with your initial embroidered on it, a Le Cruset 7.25 quart french oven, a french press, and a cookie cutter shaped like an ostrich, but you don't have time to make stops all over town? Oh, wait, that's me. I used to think that Sign of the Bear was a tourist trap: specialty kitchen items that no one really needs for twice what they'd cost somewhere else. But I was wrong. Again. There's no Target in Sonoma, so when you need, say, a pastry bag or a tray for cooking madellines or a strainer, Sign of the Bear has you covered. Sure they have $80 pepper mills and other silly items, but that's what makes me love them more. I like to go to SOTB when all the stuff left on someone's wedding registry sucks and I want to get them something cool and useful.WARNING WINE TASTERS: Sign of the Bear is small. It is filled with lots of expensive glass items. Don't break shit. Oh, and they gift wrap.
<review# 1355,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2009,12/14/2009,856,152,4,5,5>Awesome burgers! But way better than that, kid friendly.  Along with the kids menu with a maze on the back was an etch-a-sketch! My son, who is the pickiest eater on earth, woofed down their kiddie sized burger patty and I swear he almost asked for another one but settled for eating the yummy fries!The atmosphere reminds me a bit of a NY cafeteria, open a little loud, which for a mom with a kid who may or may not behave the whole time, is a great thing. No worries that the table next to us is going to notice if he's singing his way through his coloring book!Did I mention the food was great?  My mom eats here all the time and this was my first time, so I'm saving my 5 star for a dinner review, although I have to say, they are PACKED nearly all the time.  Send a scout ahead if you want a table.  But if you're flying solo or duo and care to sit at the counter (which is quite cool), you can usually just go right in.Fresh local ingredients and a great chef. Nice combo. I'll totally be going back.
<review# 1356,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2009,12/13/2009,34,17,3,13,8>Come. Try it out. Have fun. Get stronger. CrossFit Marin has morning, afternoon and evening classes to suit any schedule, and there are plenty of concurrent classes so that parents with kids of any age can work out at the same time. It's the best gig in town.Our first experience with CrossFit Marin was at their weekly Sunday afternoon classes at Town Park in Corte Madera. We saw a couple of athletic guys setting up a tumbling and gymnastics course next to the playground, and signed our two boys (3 and 5) up for a drop-in gymnastics class. The boys had fun, learned some new moves, and worked off a Sunday-morning-worth of energy. Andres de la Rosa and Roger Harrell told us about their program and invited us to check out their gym over at Tamal Plaza.A couple of weeks later, I signed the boys up for gymnastics once a week. While I watched those first few classes, it quickly became clear that the CrossFit Marin team are patient, talented and positive teachers for both the littlest tumblers (whose attention often wanders) and those kids who have had more experience (who may need more focus and harder challenges). And as we spent more time at the gym, I saw how our boys' natural flexibility and strength were being enhanced by balance work, skill training and fun games during class. The prices are very reasonable, so we quickly went from once a week to twice a week for the boys, and I started chatting with the trainers (thanks, Bill!) about their adult CrossFit program.Now comes the personal part: I have a lousy body image. I was a plump unathletic little kid, and as an adult have always been more inclined to play Scrabble than racquetball, if you get my meaning. So it took a couple of weeks of watching at the gym before I was willing to open myself up to trying an adult CrossFit class. And you know what? It turns out I'm *great* at it! Sure, I can't really do many pushups yet, and I can't yet do a chinup, but for the first time I can actually see myself getting there one day. I'm learning ways to work toward those goals. I'm getting stronger every week.The focus at CrossFit Marin is on strength and overall conditioning, so the workouts are really varied -- we've done skill work on everything from deadlifts and pullups to juggling and balance beam, so I feel like I'm always making progress. They can scale a workout for any skill level. Can't do a pullup? Keep one foot supported! Can do 50 pullups? Wear a weight vest! They can even work around past injuries so that you can come to the gym even if you have, say, a bad back or a chronic knee condition. If you think you're strong, you'll get stronger, and if you think you aren't fit, you'll discover strengths you didn't know you had. There is always something new to work toward, and they welcome whatever you bring to the table (or the floor in this case). Bottom line? I am working harder and feeling better about myself than I have in years, and I can do it at the same time as the kids are doing their classes. So they see me being active, and they're well-cared-for and busy while I'm focusing on my own health and well-being.Roger, Andres and the rest of the CrossFit Marin team are talented, open-minded, positive and committed to teaching all ages and skill levels. Their gym promotes community, hard work and good habits, but without the posturing or 'sales' mentality of some other local facilities. They love what they do -- helping people to grow stronger and more physically confident -- and it shows.
<review# 1357,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2009,12/12/2009,148,101,43,58,64>Accommodating in life and death.PESC is the vet of last resort. It is to vets what an ER is to hospitals, and as such, there's a palpable level of detachment because they exist for emergencies, and not for routine checkups. Their prices reflect round-the-clock availability, and as is the case with emergencies, critical cases will receive priority treatment (would you want anything less if it were your pet?). While neither cheap nor touchy-feely, they serve a very necessary, and sometimes essential service to pets in Marin, and for that I am very, very grateful.Hanging on the wall of a visiting room at PESC, alongside various pictures of dogs and cats in endearing poses, are two framed pieces of paper, containing separate but similar lists of 10 rules for dog owners or cat owners. The lists are intended to be witty without being insincere. They outline a progression of the relationship between pet and owner as both grow closer to one another over time, how the introduction of a pet into a home begins with strict boundaries and evolves into cohabitation. The rules progress gradually from being restrictive in terms of space, property and furniture, to being wholly accepting of a shared existence, the owner inevitably conceding defeat and allowing the pet free reign of the house.The rules seemed oddly out of place in this setting, but I smiled in spite of the fact. They resonated with me. They told part of the story, using the propriety of furniture as a metaphor for how completely a pet transforms and upends a life. In truth, the decision to "get" a cat involves tremendous mental and physical preparation, and the rules of "ownership" are outlined firmly: the cat must conform to MY environment, my way of life, my value of personal property, my standards.  Enter Tough Guy, a half-feral barn cat born on a cattle ranch in the mountains of Montana.My ground rules for TG were simple, yet restrictive:- It must learn to live indoors; - It must not scratch the furniture;- It must eat from its bowl; and- It must be quiet from midnight until 7 a.m.6 months later, a cat door is installed, double-sided tape covers most of the furniture, cat bowls have been moved from the floor in the bathroom to the kitchen counter, and TG is no longer allowed to sleep in the bedroom.New rules are established:- You can be outdoors, but not after dark;- You can continue catching birds, lizards, and mice, just PLEASE stop bringing them inside;- You can scratch anything but the leather chair, PLEASE not the leather chair;- You can only eat food on the kitchen counter, but not off people's plates; and- You can sleep anywhere in the house except the bedroom.3 years later, a GPS microchip is installed, a cat "bib" is purchased to hinder the massacre of outdoor fauna, rations of people food are set aside or left on the counter, and the cat door gives way to an "on-demand" system of letting TG out whenever he stands by the door.Rules are updated:- We will apologize to the neighbors when you taunt, frighten or otherwise abuse their pit bull;- We will get new furniture, carpet and wallpaper every 12 months;- We will make sure always to have eggs, tuna, cream cheese and butter in stock; and- We will put you outside after dark.9 years later, PESC diagnoses your cancer. The fluid in your lungs is drained every few days as a litany of expensive X-rays, consultations and diagnoses are performed. My stubborn refusal to let go gradually succumbs to a more rational and selfless acceptance of your condition and more importantly, your pain. More and more options are presented, the doctors are willing to hold on as long as I want (and at any cost), but I'm helpless to decide alone, and the doctors and nurses, while sympathetic, will not and cannot tell me what to do. In life, it was always up to us, and now, in the end, it's supposed to be up to me? That doesn't seem fair, for there is no ownership in having a pet, just mutual respect, unmitigated acceptance and love. But how do I ask you? How do I read you? What do YOU want?The hardest decision of all is made, and the doctors and nurses don't judge, just accommodate. With quiet dignity, you stand and perform your last cat stretch in spite of the frailty of your withered frame. I gather you up in a towel, and the nurse asks if we're ready to begin the procedure. She reaches out towards you and your head suddenly darts out, full of energy and resolve, and you sink your teeth deep into her wrist. She exclaims and recoils while you lick your lips and settle back into my lap. That a boy, Tough Guy, you show them who's boss, lest they ever forget.I certainly never will.
<review# 1358,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2009,12/11/2009,170,264,3,7,7>Starving and arriving just in time to find Della a few doors down in the process of closing, I felt completely set up for major disappointment. You see, my heart was truly set on Della.Starvation got the best of me though & desperate times call for desperate measures. I was on foot on one of the hottest days of the year thus far, running out of steam fast.That's when I noticed Downtown Deli. It isn't much to look at, but it does have air conditioning, several tables & a very hefty sized case filled with salads & the makings for pretty darn good sandwiches. The Bolinas Sausage caught my eye, but so did the Shrimp Salad. My belly reminded me I was so low on fuel, both sandwiches would be a splendid idea & they were. The sausage was spicy & the shrimp salad was truly about the shrimp.The drink display here has such a great selection, it's worth stopping in to support the local deli whether you're hungry or not. We should all be better hydrated. There is also a wall of Jelly Belly & other candies & bars if that's your poison.The owner hustles & is so nice, I may just have to bring my hungry self up for both Della & Downtown from now on. Of course, if both are open, I'll most likely get sandwiches & salads to go. Or maybe not!
<review# 1359,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2009,12/10/2009,438,66,9,10,10>This is a normal stop for SSU students...This place is just a quick walk or drive down the road from the school...My buddy first told me about this place...As a matter of fact, this place definitely has a little following at Sonoma State. Being a fellow student, I had to try this place out and discover it's key to burrito stardom...the food waaaas pretty good....I had a chicken super burrito! You can sit there or take your order to go....I guess I'm just not 100% in love with this place, yet- However, it's still one of the best places in Rohnert Park for Mexican food.
<review# 1360,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2009,12/9/2009,45,118,7,11,8>This is a cool, cool toy store.  All sorts of actually-fun toys for your little people, and a teacher room for stuff that's classroom-friendly.  They have great costumes, puppets that you'll want for yourself, toys made of wood that require no batteries, science kits, those neat little erasers that look like other stuff, and has equally-good selection for guys and dolls.  I love shopping here.I should disclose that I have a strong bias against battery-operated plastic brand-name Merchandise - I think those kinds of toys that do the playing for you are weak sauce.  These people do not sell that sort of toy, and that leaves plenty of room on the shelves for the toys that let your kid amaze you with their crazy, bewildering intelligence.  Kids blow my mind with what they come up with all by themselves - good toys rule.
<review# 1361,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2010,5/28/2011,108,294,,4,3>Faro continues to do excellent work.Most recently, she took a bridesmaid dress that was ENORMOUS and made it fit like a dream... I'll soon be bringing her a pile of pants that need some assistance.
<review# 1362,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2009,5/27/2011,1,11,,2,1>Super Neighborhood shop.  Perfect place to pick up some killer Tamale's, homemade salsa and terrific produce.  The Deli in the back is also really good.
<review# 1363,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2009,5/26/2011,148,101,13,9,11>In the small barrels you find the good wine.When I was a wee lad, my parents would take me out to "the Italian restaurant," a mom-n-pop joint in New York that was run by some Italians from the Bronx.  My pea-brain would translate this as "pizza" and large plastic cups of soda with free refills - the rest was superfluous. When my father came to visit me this week, he and his wife requested Italian food. One Yelp search later, and we were seated at the back of this quaint, unassuming restaurant, smack dab in downtown San Rafael. Chef/Owners the Lamortes run the show, with Papa Donato in the kitchen and Mamma Ana bustling about like a mother hen.  Mike and Ruthie, their children, work the dining room and keep everyone happy.  This family restaurant lends a sense of comfort, hominess and belonging to the neighborhood, as if anyone walking in the front door would automatically be on a first name basis with the Lamorte family.Unlike "the Italian restaurant" excursions of my youth, a bottle of Delirium Tremens took the place of a soda. How's that now? Delirium Tremens?  What is that Belgian delight doing in an Italian restaurant?  Their beer and wine menu has some top notch options, the likes of which you won't easily find in San Rafael.  Their house wine varies, which some might bemoan if they find one they like, but the Lamortes choose the house wine from their wine list, so it is generally a big step up from what you would expect in a house wine. You can also buy bottles of wine "to go" at 20% off the list price. Huge props.Not wanting to leave any stone unturned, I ordered for an army, and my (not much larger) pea-brain once again gravitated toward pizza. After enduring some jokes about tape worms, the appetizers began to drop. The calamari were not quite to my liking - slightly chewy, and from the freezer.  The cheese sticks would have more than satisfied my younger self, but they got no love once the Stromboli hit the scene. A Stromboli is a roll of pizza dough stuffed with salami, pepperoni, Canadian bacon, and mozzarella. This gut grenade is catnip for meat-lovers. Our pastas were unimpressive. I've been conditioned to prefer fresh, homemade pastas, and anything short of that is met with some disdain. The fettuccini carbonara (egg, pecorino romano, and guanciale) was salty, oily, used Canadian bacon instead of guanciale, and had way too much garlic. The rigatoni boscaiola (Italian sausage, artichoke hearts and light tomato sauce) was decent, but I would have preferred if the ingredients had been chopped into smaller pieces. The capellini pomodoro was inoffensive and ho-hum.And the pizza...? Nothing short of bliss and nostalgia. It had a thin, fragrant crust that had just the right amount of give without being crunchy or foamy. The ratio of sauce to mozzarella was a picture of perfection.  You're not going to find a better old school Brooklyn-style pizza in San Rafael.Sacrilegiously, we did not order dessert, but the grenade in my gullet would have undoubtedly gone off if I had even looked at the menu.We left more saturated than satiated, but it was worth it. Plus, Dad was buying, just like old times. Ahh, youth.
<review# 1364,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2010,5/25/2011,5,54,2,5,2>Here's what you get on your crab sandwich:  1. Crab  2. Mayonnaise  3. LettuceMore to the point, it's all you need.
<review# 1365,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2011,5/24/2011,253,125,3,5,5>Love! Love! Love! Love Pearls Phat Burgers! This is by far the only gem that Mill Valley has to offer! This burger joint kills em all! They have good quality burgers and they have tremendously delicious bacon. The burgers are huge and yummy and (makes me want to eat here right now as I am composing this review) they make them right. I have been to several burger joints in Marin and they don't make them like Pearls. They also have wonderful chicken burgers my favorites are the Grilled Chicken and the BBQ Chicken! The garlic fries are good and the sweet potato fries are delectable. There is absolutely nothing wrong with the food, I wish they stayed open later then 9:00pm on weekdays. If you love meat, and bacon and burgers give this place a shot and I promise you, you will not be disappointed!
<review# 1366,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2011,5/23/2011,423,254,,4,3>I visited Hook and Ladder again for the Follow the Olivet Road event last weekend, and had a great time, and found some  great wines. Service once again was great - kudos to them during a busy event, they never missed a beat, I never had to wait, and there was a friendly response every pour.H&L makes a variety  of wines. My personal two favorites: Their RRV Sauvignon Blanc, crisp, aromatic, and their Cab Franc is a gem of a find. Recommend.
<review# 1367,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2011,5/22/2011,273,551,7,8,7>Moylan's deserves an update because the brewed a beer in honor of the SF Giants.Drum roll please....Orange & Black Congrats Ale: a black ale with orange zest. Didn't sound like it would work, but its really good. Stop in for a pint, also available in bottles as well.
<review# 1368,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/13/2010,5/21/2011,21,350,4,6,2>This is definitely a solid 3.5 stars establishment.  No, it's no Kevin's Noodle house or PPQ on Irving in the city.  But, they do an acceptable rendition of the beloved Pho.Service was good.  But, the waitress didn't come back in the middle of the meal to ask if we needed anything.  And, because they don't have the Saracha chili sauce tableside, I could've used a chili sauce refill.  If you're in Marin and must have some Pho, this is your best bet.  For those who give 1 or 2 stars, you're on crack.  McDonalds is two stars.  Cockroaches in your Italian food is one star.  Some insane waitress who throws water on you and curses at you is one star (unless the food is truly amazing).  Some folks need some depth perception on these reviews.  Oh no!  That was a rant.  Sorry.  I'm leaving it though. I will return to this spot when craving Pho and can't get over to the city.
<review# 1369,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2011,5/20/2011,248,493,6,8,9>Think Brady BunchHere's a story of a Fish named...StoryWho was cooking up some very lovely fiiishAll of them fresh and tastyFrom the seaAnd made perfectlllyyy for meeeeeWhat's your beef with Fish Story? Ambiance. Full Bar. Food. That is Good.You are seated on the waterfront, every table is the Best Table. Large warehouse windows display newly developed Napa to a tee. Warm sourdough rolls in the shape of wheat growing, fresh butter are promptly brought for your enjoyment. Drinks? Why, yes thank you. Mine was a homage to Me Mudder, a Manhattan, this one made with rye, nocello and a bit of orange. Didn't send that back, let me tell you.Appetizers. Crab Cakes, of course. These are like none I have ever seen, about 2" thick and 3" wide, they are loaded with red onion, a bit of red peppers and totally FULL of crab. In fact, I think the only filler was what they were dipped in for the crunchy outter that we all seek in the Perfect Crab Cake. A thick sauce and arugula accompanied them and these were gone in NO time.For dinner, I wanted something with light, clean flavors and decided on something from the "Simply Prepared" portion of the menu. I was not disappointed. Grilled trout with my choice of 2 sides, I was intrigued by the brussels with cranberry and the roasted cauliflower with pine nuts. Oh WOW. Who ever thought to put freaking cranberry with brussels sprouts is an insane genius. Delicious. The roasted cauliflower was done to perfection with some sort of spice and olive oil concoction that was scrumptious, and the pine nuts were a perfect pairing. The fish was grilled just right, and you also choose a sauce for that as well, mine was the salsa verde. I was dipping everything in this. My fish, my cauliflower, my bread - great.The service was all that you want it to be, there when they should be and out of sight when not needed. We even were all treated to an amuse bouche that was tasty as well.Perhaps the low rating for Fish Story was newbie hiccoughs, 'cause I loved the happy tale of my Fish Story!
<review# 1370,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2011,5/19/2011,438,66,,7,5>Awesome new addition to Rohnert Park - This place has high quality food and a cool vibe...Their sandwiches are awesome and so is the pizza...I seriously cant believe this place doesn't have a higher rating.The prices are pretty fair too - $13 gets you a pizza for two! I've been there a few times already and will definitely be heading back for more.
<review# 1371,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2013,10/14/2013,83,184,4,6,3>Wow, I really have no adjectives to describe this place. Amazing, simply wonderful, ECTI just moved from Sacramento, I have been doing hardcore yelping trying to find a new hair cut joint. I am not a poor college student anymore, I am done with the 14 minute chop shops (that is how long places like Super Cuts and Great Clips allot to each hair cut). I found some interesting looking barber shops, but there were either geezer orientated or run by tattooed from head to toe faux rockability pompadour douchebag crowd. I am not really into that, I wouldn't fit in there.The Barbery hit on all cylinders. A casual, laid back non-chick atmosphere, but with none of the douchebag factor of the new wave of barber shops. I am not anything to look at, no one would put me in a photo spread or in the window to draw customers, but I was treated like a king.The owner cut my hair, and her attention to detail borders on obsessive, and I loved every second of it. From the electric thing they used to shave my face, to the various instruments they use to manscape your face, this was attention to detail to the extreme. I decided to go for it an spring for the ten minute scalp massage, which was ten minutes of bliss. Ok, enough of my babbling. Just go, they are wonderful.
<review# 1372,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2013,10/13/2013,25,76,2,6,4>Every single time that my wife and I have gone on trips we always leave our Pomeranian at Postmore Kennels and we will only leave him at Postmore Kennels! The staff is super friendly and they keep the big dogs separate from the small dogs and they really make sure your doggie is safe!! We always get him groomed here except for one time last year which was a horrible mistake ( you can read my other review on that place) but they leave our Tito looking like a million bucks and he is always happy. This last time we got back from our vacation on Wednesday and they close at 5pm and we were stuck in traffic coming from Oakland Airport, my wife called Carlos and told him that we might be a few minutes late. Carlos said no problem and waited for us. We got there about 10 minutes after 5pm and we were so happy to see our dog and so appreciative of Carlos for going the extra mile and waiting for us a few extra minutes!! They do an excellent job grooming our Pomeranian and we will continue only taking him to Postmore Kennels!
<review# 1373,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2013,10/12/2013,30,66,2,3,2>Holy crap! I've lived here almost a decade and had no idea that Mac's existed until last week! We went here for lunch on a busy Friday afternoon and had absolutely no problem getting a table. Our waitress was awesome - very friendly and attentive. I splurged and had corned beef with Swiss cheese on an onion roll and a side of coleslaw. The corned beef was incredible and I'm proud to say I wolfed down my sandwich! I would have gladly given Mac's five stars but he only drawback is that the cole slaw was obviously store bought - it tasted just like the cole slaw you can get in the deli at Safeway. I can't wait to come to Mac's again - I'm dying to try the pastrami and egg salad!
<review# 1374,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2013,10/11/2013,20,11,14,9,6>I love Frogs. I come here quite often and have dabbled into everything except for their massage services, which I'm hoping a certain someone *coughmyhusbandcough* will get me for Mother's Day. The private tubs are quite nice and the community tub ain't half bad either. The sauna is amazing; very hot and I always feel better after a good sweat. I love that clothing is optional; it feels so freeing to shed the everyday garb and relax in the nude. Every time I have gone I am the only female patron in the facility and while I'm usually surrounded by many a strange penis, I've never been bothered by any of the men there. Not that I'm tooting my own horn and expect men to hit on me...but come on, when nipples and labium are on display one might be tempted to peak...but not here. I feel very secure and comfortable here. I can't wait to enjoy the sundeck this summer and bring my girlfriend for a day of sunning and relaxation that won't wreck my budget.
<review# 1375,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2013,10/10/2013,83,446,2,3,2>I've been going here since they opened. They've had periods with great cooking and other periods with lesser skilled cooking. Right now they have someone really good. I love their caesar salad...ask for anchovies if you want them. And their house made parsley pasta with mushrooms is excellent. This is inspired cooking. Think excellent specials, and quite a nice family atmosphere...good service.....a very comfortable hometown place.
<review# 1376,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2013,10/9/2013,62,113,2,2,2>Ordered miso soup, spring rolls, paradise roll, and the fire cracker roll. Everything was perfect. I really appreciated that they were open past 8 on a Sunday night. Not only was the food delicious, but the customer service was really spot on. Jojo continues to light up in my eyes the more I come!You rock jojo!
<review# 1377,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2013,10/7/2013,28,15,2,5,2>I've been going to this deli at least once a week since I started working in the area 6 months ago. I've become a regular. Most of the staff knows me by name, and Maurice and Vivian always greet me kindly and are happy to see me. I've never been disappointed by anything I've ordered - soup, sandwiches, specialties... all of it is delicious. My favorites are: chicken salad, lasagna (on Mondays), and the BLT with avocado. Oh and the brownies are delicious too! And if you're reading this Maurice - Hi!!
<review# 1378,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2013,10/6/2013,32,203,1,3,5>It's the back patio.  And the crazy good food.  It's the cocktails.  And the wine list.  It's the small plates.  And the pizza oven.  It's the smart servers.  And the bocce.  It's the vibe.  And the late hours.  It may not wow you at first.  But Campo Fina is a place that will certainly grow on you.  Try it three times and you'll get it.
<review# 1379,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2013,10/5/2013,765,333,4,7,8>**Chocolate - most people either love it or hate it.  I hate it when it's bad, like it when it's good, but love it when it's oh so good that I can taste it days later....THE SHORTThis little truffle boutique offers a small selection of handmade, spiked, spicy, exotic chocolate truffles.  Look for the sign that says "Chocolates."  $1.00 a pop, and they're small, but worth it. A LITTLE LONGERI wasn't out looking for trouble, I mean chocolate... sometimes, it just finds its way to me.  Like here, the sign outside just said "Chocolates!"  Chocolate lovers see "chocolates," and think "nuff-said."  I see "chocolates" and I think, "am I in the mood?  What kind? I don't think I can handle another piece of crappy chocolate."  Well, I wasn't in "the mood," and was in a rush, but I was curious because I had not seen this sign here before.  Upon entry, I shot straight to the chocolate window.  The truffles looked humble and reminded me of those my crafty friends make around the holidays.  However, the little descriptions suggested that these were not my friends' truffles, but more like XOX's.  Three flavors specifically stood out: tequila cayenne, earl grey, and lemon vodka.  Undecided, still not really in the mood, I asked the people behind the counter to choose one for me.  The guy behind the counter chose tequila cayenne, warning "you can really taste the tequila in there."  In a bit of a rush, I pocketed my wrapped truffle, ditched the pretty box, and nearly forgot about the truffle until my friend reminded me.  THE TRUFFLEMy grandpa used to say that there is no guilt in good chocolate.  I'm not a stranger to good chocolate.  I had a little guilt in that I didn't reserve my judgment until after I tried the one truffle, I should not have left that store with just one truffle, and I should not have eaten that truffle in front of my friend.  Silently, I judged the chocolate before I actually tried it, nearly writing it off until my friend reminded me - good friend.  Outside of the shiny box I ditched, it still looked humble.  I looked at that little truffle and thought "you are small and either mighty or a total rip-off."  Then I thought, $1.00 a pop isn't all that bad when I think about past guilty pleasures: Recchiuti, Elbow's, XOX, Mischer, Cluizel, Chocolates La Soledad, Jean Philippe, Lillie Belle,  Godiva, Guittard, Scharffen Berger ...and those almond square at Sees.  I really couldn't figure out why I was being so hard on this chocolate, other than it was another new boutique in town.  Sorry.  Taste test is the best test:--BITE ONE Unsure how hot this little thing was, I took a tiny first bite: yummy, smooth, fragrant, not getting tequila here or heat...did I get the wrong one?--BITE TWO Ohh yeah, there's the heat, warm throat, warm chest, lingering sweet heat - everything I like about tequila and chocolate, with nothing I don't.  --BITE THREE And, just before my last bite, my friend asked if it was good.  It was better than good.  Before I could answer, it was gone.  I should not have left that store with just one truffle.  I would have shared with friend, but I think you have to finish the entire truffle to get the full experience.  When it was over, I wished I'd had another just to be sure it was that good.  Well, and another for my friend.  BOTTOM LINEYum.  Good chocolate should elevate your senses; if it doesn't make you feel good upon moderate consumption, it is probably not real chocolate.  This stuff feels real - good.  I'm looking forward to trying the rest, and gifting a few tequila cayenne truffles real soon.OTHERThey also sell sweet non-edibles ie cupcake bath salts
<review# 1380,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2013,10/4/2013,36,6,3,7,6>You may notice that I previously wrote a glorious review for another salon... well, I had to pack my bags and move on. That salon proved to be... well, not what I thought.I've since moved onto Nancy Patterson at Salon Method, and I am SO glad that I did! What I love most about Nancy is her attention to detail, and her ability to work WITH me, as opposed to just working on me. She talks to me through the whole process so I know what we are doing, why we are doing it, and how it will look in the end.Nancy has never made me feel rushed; she's not giving someone else a cut while I'm under the dryer (a personal pet peeve). When I'm in the chair, I am her number one priority.Here's the bottom line: Nancy is lovable, professional, attentive, and damn good at her job. Let's be real: I can be a real pain in the butt. I'm demanding, needy, and I constantly crave drastic change. Nancy navigates me with grace and ease. My hair looks amazing, and HEALTHY!! How does she do it?As a salon, Salon Method is doing EVERYTHING right. Getting your hair done should be a relaxing and pampering experience. Finally, a salon that understands that!!
<review# 1381,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2008,6/2/2008,87,152,17,7,12>Good selection of organic foods, great lunch-salad-snack bar in the back.  Parking and prices are just fair, or Fairfax. Of worthy note:There is a large and powerful hippie chick magnet 7 feet below the surface of the Good Earth.  It's a unique device that pulls in attractive and bra less women under 30.  Somehow, this magnet activates happy feelings and causes most women to smile and be friendly.  It's fucking brilliant.  I inquired to the owners (men) how one obtains such a magnet.  I explained my desire to capitalize and copyright such treasure in order to become uber rich and shit wads of cash.  They laughed and said we are mere men and have no clue.  They suggested not to attempt getting a clue and then explained the dangers of trying.  Instead, they said with a grin, why don't you just return the smiles and keep shopping at Good Earth?Hmmm.  Sounds reasonable, but having that magnet...
<review# 1382,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/31/2007,6/1/2008,549,410,2,6,3>By popular demand, I am writing a review after one visit, apologies to the bugalow owners if I misrepresent.  Ok, first things first, what's in a name?  Did this name remind anyone of the hip and trendy New York bar, Bugalow 8?  If so, please be warned that these digs bear no relation to the aforementioned bungalow.  If Bungalow 8 is a bungalow, Bungalow 44 is more of a yurt.  This is a good place to hang out after some midday shopping in cute Mill Valley.  Might also be a place where one might go to see and not be seen, if you know what I mean.  Politicians and their girlfriends, movie stars, the rich and not famous of Marin.Bungalow associations aside, the restaurant is cozy and comfortable, a hint of traditional sophisitcation with a California flair.  Some good points.  This place does not scrimp on silverware and glassware.   We had a few different wines, each with its own lovely wine glass.  I also approve of the steak knives, which were metal.  Teapots were bee house, and teacups had a nice saucer.  They also had some lovely ceramic serving plates which I daresay were locally crafted.Onward to the food.  The menu here is traditional with hints of Californian.  Everything is fresh, however the preparations are classic American.  Steak, crab cakes, onion rings.  I started with a lovely glass of Chardonnay recommended by our cute waitress.   This wine was different from your typical oaky Chardonnay, crisp and buttery, a nice compliment to my oysters which were quite fresh.  They had one type of oyster, however this did not dissapoint too much because of the fresh quality.The wine list is strictly Californian, however there is a good representation of regions.Crabcakes are standard, the prosciutto flatbread has a unique sweetness to it which is quite refreshing.  The green salad is generous and the mustard vinagrette is flavorful but light.  The scallop salad is fair but nothing to write to yelp about.  My filet was tender, however I think I may have detected a hint of A1.In total I would say this is a solid restaurant and quite healthy for restaurant fare.  I ate a lot but didn't leave feeling stuffed.  You can get some good wines here and enjoy the comfortable atmosphere and attentive service.  A good place to take some out of towners who would like something good but not experimental or to have a quiet dinner after a hard day of shopping and spa.
<review# 1383,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2008,5/31/2008,162,55,3,3,3>wow.  i would recommend this place to anyone.  i would especially recommend it to the ballin' marin kids.  if you've got cash to burn, you can make some great memories here.  my friend spilled a $45 glass of wine all over the table, i killed a top shelf brandy amongst other drinks, raged a waitress, and up chucked on a couch.  as a testament to the staff, they didn't have a problem with it.  excellent service the whole night to a rowdy crew.  my friend actually ran into our waiter the next day and he mentioned that it was a pleasure serving us.  although, we probably tipped that guy so much he didn't have to come back to work for a month haha.
<review# 1384,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2007,5/30/2008,136,535,,5,5>This store was waaaay better than the True Religion store I checked out while visiting Chicago. Not only was the guy who worked there helpful, but the store layout made sense. I visited post-workout, so I was really embarrassed to be looking at trendy expensive jeans as i was - but the guy was friendly and pointed out his favorite wash. Asked me what cut I preferred, and pointed out the section of jeans that were just that. And it was nice to have such an arrangement. Honestly, I've only seen a couple different types of True Religion jeans (pretty much the kind the carry at Nordstrom Rack or the sample sales) so I was pretty surprised to see such an awesome selection of all these other cuts, designs, colors. So much so I might even consider paying full price for a pair one day [probably that pair the guy pointed out as his favorite - they really were very nice].  I have to deprecate some pairs I own now before I can justify that though. You are paying towards $200 or $300 for a pair, depending on the... I dunno... trendiness?? What makes a pair of jeans jump $100 at that level?...)Oh yeah, they have some kick ass boots in there too - I was salivating over a pair of leather boots - they had them on one of the window mannequins to further along my boot-lust. They have a few shirts and some hoodies (really nice, but not quite $170 nice... I'd rather save $90 and get another one from Lululemon two doors down).If they throw in a sale section (even a real tiny one), that will earn the last star.
<review# 1385,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2008,5/29/2008,209,211,5,22,12>I went to 2 other places to get a copy of a rather funny looking key made- neither Raphael lumber or Home Depot could match it.   The man at Tranbay Security Service found a match right away and made the key superfast!The total was only $2.18 and I didn't have any cash, either.  I felt bad for putting it on my credit card, seeing as how they get charged every time they run a transaction and I would rather support my local businesse.  But, he assured me that I shouldn't worrry about it and glady took my plastic.I love my local businesses!  You guyz rock...
<review# 1386,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2008,5/28/2008,177,365,6,9,8>Lark Creek Inn is one of the most picturesque, beautiful and charming restaurants I've ever been to.  Its a cottage/lodge type building nestled in a redwood forest along a babbling brook- have you ever heard of a more charming restaurant?!?  The outside seating is a must.  I've been coming here for years, initially because the quaint, romantic ambiance of the place drew me in.  The food and service is what has kept me coming back, and now there is even more reason to go there with the amazing food and new chef.We ate at LCI last night on a quiet Sunday evening when there weren't that many people in the dining room.  The purpose of our visit was to try the food and the experience again after one of my good friends had a horrible experience the first time she came.  Well, the GM contacted her via Yelp, inviting us back and promising a better experience.  This gesture alone would have earned a great review by itself; I felt it was very courteous and generous of LCI to do such a thing.First of all, I've always thought LCI was an amazing establishment, which is why I was shocked to hear about my friends initial terrible experience there.  So, it didn't come as a surprise to me personally when we had an amazing dinner there last night; just another great experience at Lark Creek Inn.  The food was so fresh, delicate and beautifully paired.  The menu changes often, so I don't want to name specific dishes, but there are always great options...no matter what the season. The service was top notch and friendly- a combination I adore.  And, the wine they chose for us was something all three of us enjoyed- a difficult feat.  A great experience altogether.Come here for a romantic date, or maybe a special occasion dinner- the ambiance here cant be beat...it really is a classic.  I could see myself renting the place out for my wedding someday- thats how beautiful it is.  One more thing:  GET THE BUTTERSCOTCH PUDDING.
<review# 1387,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2008,5/26/2008,174,143,,5,4>I have been eating at the Bagel Street Cafe for over five years now and it is consistently a great place for a quick bite.  They have a great bagel selection and my weakness is the Eggwich with Sausage and Cheese, a heart attack waiting to happen....but oh so good.  They also bake their own bread and have a great assortment of sandwiches ready to be made up for hungry customers.  I'm a big fan of the turkey sand which on dutch crunch...The staff is great, it's been the same people since I've been going there, but it does get really busy in there, which leads me to my only issue with Bagel Street Cafe, which is mostly my own problem, on busy weekends if you don't get there before 1:00 pm there will be almost no bagels or bread left for your sand which so get up early!  They open at 6:00am and close at like 2:00 or 3:00pm.  This is a great little treasure in Terra Linda
<review# 1388,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2008,5/25/2008,8,23,,6,6>Words cannot fully express how wonderful the Melting Pot is. The atmosphere alone is so impressive I knew I'd be returning before I even got through my entire meal. The first time I ever visited this place I came back for more later that week. That's the fan level I'm at. Honestly, I've only had the main course fondue a couple of times. The cheese and dessert are enough to fill me up alone. Pretty much each option of cheese fondue is excellent. Most come with a little something special to that option. If you've never had fondue, there is a "fiesta" version that can slowly get you into it. Comes with chips in addition to all the other usual items like apples, carrots and bread. My favorite though has to be the Wisconsin Trio. The dessert is amazing as well. The smores version comes with graham crackers and it's festively lit on fire when prepared at your table.It's a little pricey but great for special occasions. My only complaint is that you can't get two appetizers at once because there is only one burner per table so groups of 4 won't get quite as full when skipping the main course. I usually just go with one other person. Large groups can sit at the bigger tables that have two burners but be sure not to bring too many people, your party will be split up and there's definitely no pushing tables together...
<review# 1389,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2008,5/24/2008,100,150,1,5,4>My parents eat here once a week.  We can walk from their house and we need it after licking every last bit of sauce off our plates.  They give you flat bread and oil for dipping to start.  The best oil ever, with whole chunks of garlic & dried red pepper.  So dangerous you could eat the whole bowl.I usually order one of the specials because they always change and never disappoint. Here are some of my favorites. Penna alla Contidina:Penne Pasta with Chicken, sun dried tomato and broccoli.Salmone Piccata: Fresh wild salmon sauteed in white wine and lemon caper sauce (I seriously lick the plate clean)It is pricey, but you get what you pay for.  Delicious, well proportioned food.Check out the mid week early bird special.  For $19.95 you get a starter salad, main coarse and dessert or coffee.  You have to select from a smaller menu, but who cares for $19.95!I think I gave this place 5 stars because one of the waiters always flirts with me ;)  I am a sucker for a cute man with an accent.
<review# 1390,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2008,5/22/2008,248,493,3,4,4>Everything, every type, ALL cigars.This place smells so great from the outside, you just have to go in. Perhaps it's the thought of my Dear Grandpa Bob that draws me to a pipe shop - whatever the reason, they're cool with me. Humidors here are beautiful. They make me want to take up smoking. I am still on the fence about it....They will help you out with any request, and there's a smoking area in the back and outside, they've got signature Southern rocking chairs. For the Old-Man-With-Pants-Up-To-His-Nipples side of you.You should be warned, however that they are smoking in here. They all are. The sales man didn't mind at all blowing his smoke all over me and my pretty party dress. This makes Grace a smokey smelling mess instead of the high class whore I pretend to be. Noooot goood.Other than that, come in, sit a while. Have a smoke.
<review# 1391,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2008,9/11/2008,723,1023,8,6,5>I walked the Earthquake Trail with my geography classmates.  Wasn't worth the trip really, but if you are into this kind of thing then it might be for you.  Also they had some Indian houses on display outside.  Some people think the Point Reyes area is very beautiful, but to me it looks more like the setting for a Mad Max movie.  There are a lot of students tourists hiking around.  There is a part of the shore where there are really big rocks and you can climb on them.  The second time I went to Point Reyes National Seashore with some friends we almost got lost.  Maybe it was the drugs.Anyways, I don't plan on ever going back to the Point Reyes In Middle of Nowhere National Seashore.  I would rather go to Big Sur or somewhere else.  But I don't want to knock Pt Reyes because some people love it, so for objectivity I'll throw in an extra star and up my review to 4 stars.
<review# 1392,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2008,9/10/2008,268,881,,6,6>I gotta say.. I was really worried about ordering from here after reading reviews from other websites. There's a lot of really negative reviews out there about the customer service. The boyfriend and I each ordered a pair of glasses. Just standard lenses, nothing fancy or special. His look like Buddy Holly frames, mine have rhinestones. We had our prescriptions from our eye docs so filling everything out was a piece of cake.We received our glasses exactly a week and 1 day later. I've been wearing mine for the last 3 hours and I love them. We had absolutely no problems. I'm going to be ordering more next month. I might get the anti-glare thing for an extra $5 cuz they seem a bit more glare-y than my expensive DKNY glasses but overall I am REALLY pleased with my fun new pair of glasses.Total cost for 2 pairs of glasses and shipping: $33
<review# 1393,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2008,9/9/2008,213,191,1,7,5>Holiday weekend - 9 pm what to do, where to eat... seemed everything was closed in the area - (India Village and a Persian restaurant right on the same street both closed) Everything except for this nautical gem.  I had no idea where in the heck I was - all I knew I was hungry.They offer a vast menu - seafood baked, seared, broiled, roasted, fried. Any which way you can think & from any sea you could imagine.I opted for the roasted fresh whole Petrale Sole (California raised)  that had been marinating in olive oil and served with roasted veggies. The presentation was great because the fish is roasted whole - plated and presented whole - then taken back to the kitchen where it is de-boned and neatly returned to you. Head and tail in tact. This along with a bowl of creamy New England style clam chowder (not salty - but chock full of clams) definitely put me over the top.  Of course, they have bread - sourdough, of course. Fresh, but not warm or crusty, as I prefer.Service was extremely attentive (albeit a slow night) but great service - my cup never runneth dry or over.  The waitress was so informative of what surrounded me - and the features of the harbor and Larkspur ferry.Prices were fair - my meal set me back $33: Soup, Entree, and tip.(FYI - Next door they did have a band and salsa dancing - it was packed!)I did enjoy my meal and look forward to returning to try the oysters and crab!
<review# 1394,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2008,9/8/2008,399,1188,3,15,6>You know those people perched at that primo picnic table in Golden Gate Park on a gorgeous Saturday afternoon with like 20 friends and a mini-festival of gourmet foods and lawn sports going on?  How do they do that?  Are they the picnic masters, or did they just get lucky?  In my experience, picnics have to be planned ahead, and then fingers kept crossed for good attendance, a good table, and of course good weather, which is usually not too much to ask for in the Bay Area, except of course on the day your picnic is.  Sigh.  So instead of sunbathing in the grass we got to huddle around the charcoal grill for warmth (and man, every bite of hot food tastes soooo good when you're freezing your butt off all day).But I can't blame that on Paradise Park, which is certainly one of the choicest spots around for picnics, for several reasons:1) There's dozens and dozens of picnic tables, so they don't run out too fast.  Almost all have grills, and very few of them are in a bad spot.  Plus, if you have a big group, you can make reservations (though it costs $$$).2) It's on the bay, with a fishing pier and a sweeping view of the Richmond-San Rafael Bridge (so it's not the Golden Gate, but still).3) Two huge meadow areas to accommodate all the croquet, bocci, frisbee, badminton, volleyball, or kite flying you could dream of. 4) Well-staffed and well-maintained, thanks to that $8 you plunked down for parking.One caveat: be sure to call ahead and make sure a wedding or some such hasn't booked the whole place.
<review# 1395,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2007,9/7/2008,308,1102,7,14,14>Despite what anyone in my family may tell you, Puerto Rican food is very similar to the food of our people, the Dominicans, best known for being bad ass baseball players and Carla from Scrubs (youtube.com/watch?v=aCFE).  There really is no place to get food that is even remotely similar to my mom's cooking out here, so I eagerly jumped at the chance to visit Sol Food, which I figured would be a reasonable alternative.The verdict: very good but for los Americanos, as my family would say. I'm not an authenticity nut, but this the kind of food I grew up eating, so prepare for some nit picking.    The first sign is that there is no alcohol and if you've ever been to a party at my parent's house, you know that prepping for it involves a major Costco liquor store run. They do carry malta, which is a strange beverage of my childhood that is basically beer for kids.  If you ever want to pick up on a Puerto Rican or Dominican girl, mention malta. You'll be in like Flynn. But you know, this is likely not their fault, so I won't hold it against them (too much). The other big red flag is the major lack of pork on their menu. Pork is a huge part of Latin Carribean cuisine and the fact that this isn't on the  entree list is a strike against this place. Sure, they have a cuban sandwich, but no lechon? No chicharrones? No pernil?  They don't even have a meaty version of their mofongo, which is traditonally eaten with pieces of pork. I ordered the veg version anyway because I hadn't had it in so long and it was super dry and a dissapointment to the moist, olive-oily yumminess I am used to with this dish. The rest of my food was good and true to what I am used to : the grilled chicken and rice and beans were garlicky and salty, as they should be.  I was less than impressed with the tostones, or twice fried green plantains which I am used to having  in small round pieces with salt and Sol Food serves in big, round disks covered in garlicky oil.  Our table ordered up the maduros, or sweet plaintains, which were good, btu those are very hard to mess up.  The vegan dessert was AWESOME.  I didn't try the flan because my mom makes the best flan in the universe (from scratch) and nothing will hold a candle to it, ever. Overall, I am glad this place exists and that it is doing so well. I am certain that if this place were close to my house, I'd be all up in it all the time. But, I just wish the menu weren't so boring and basic and honestly, hadn't made so many concessions to their mostly white clientele. This food is so much more than just rice and beans and meat and plantains.
<review# 1396,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2008,9/6/2008,78,50,6,6,5>Yet another wonderful San Rafael resturaunt derailed by bad reviewers!WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU PEOPLE BELOW ME!!!!I mean what does it take to please you?!  National award winning pizza apparently doesn't cut it for this crowd.  When they eat pizza its like a religious experience, if they don't come out of the pizza shop a changed and enlightened human then it doesn't get above 3 stars.  Lets set the record straight right now!THIS PLACE IS MY GLORY HOLE!  The pizza here is good too... ;DIf you want a real review, check out the awards on their site.PSSHHH to the rest of you rookies....
<review# 1397,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2008,9/4/2008,204,309,15,16,16>Forget what you know about frozen delights. Or, on the other hand, bring everything you know and enjoy either turning it over or having it exemplified with every delectable tiny bite.I opted for the "Mt. Tam" special flavor (Cowgirl Creamery triple cheese). It was absolutely divine...sorta cheesecake-y, only slightly savory, super smooth and intense. Next round, I'll cut it with the flavor imbued with Marsala-soaked raisins. Then you can bury me.Just remember to eat it with the spoon upside down, 'cause your tongue will resent tasting anything else.
<review# 1398,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2008,9/3/2008,85,202,10,13,16>Every once in a while I wish there were more than 5 stars to give a place. This is definitely one of them. Sausalito is well-known for over-priced grub of average-to-low-quality intended for tourists who are sucked in by the gorgeous view. Served up with a heaping helping of pretentious disinterest. So cough up your cash, enjoy the amazing view and go home. And don't forget to leave a big tip. Well, that sucks on principle alone. A couple of weeks ago, I learned that I've been missing out on quite possibly the sweetest, best customer service and most fairly-priced, high-quality eats in all of Sausalito. I'm not quite sure how I've managed this oversight for so long, but I need to adjust my schedule accordingly. They're open every day from 6am to 6pm, so get in there!Bonus that they have great lasagna, quiche, salads, and desserts you can grab to go, which scores major points at home while getting me out of that messy business of cooking. I am SO in love here. *mwah*
<review# 1399,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2008,9/2/2008,5000,240,29,29,38>What a great place to have lunch!  I really like the simple yet elegant modern look to this restaurant.  It is tastefully decorated and very chic, but comfortable at the same time.  I can only say that I've eaten here during lunch.  They have a very large selection that totals more than 40 items to please even the pickiest of eaters.  They do serve vegetarian meals here also and it's organic!  All lunch plates come with steamed rice and salad.  Base price for lunch is $7.95 with two exceptions - combination seafood (add $2.00) and prawns (add $1.00).  On my last visit, we shared a couple of delectable appetizers - chicken satay ($7.50) and fried shrimp rolls ($7.50).  For my main dish I ordered a really tasty Panang Curry w/chicken.  I've always had great service when dining here.  My Thai does get crowded at lunch and I can highly suggest coming here at 1 p.m. if you want to avoid the masses. The lunch crowd has pretty much gone by this time.  My only knock about this establishment is the seating.  You are pretty much elbow to elbow with your fellow diners and it gets really loud.  I really don't need to know that your wife is about to leave you or that you just got some really sexy lingerie at Victoria's Secret.  Well, maybe I do!
<review# 1400,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2008,9/1/2008,994,107,6,7,7>It's like a bigger Hello Kittyfor adults and people wholike food.  It's like Japan packed into one store.  Onething that was really weird is that some sizes for foodsnacks were labeled 'Men's'.E.G - I was eying the seaweedsnackers and right next to itwas the 'Men's Seaweed' size.Men's you say?  I don't get it.  They had this Men thing goingon around the whole store.  Themanager was really nice.  He smiles a lot and I couldn't helpbut smile back.  I think if you pisshim off, he'll still smile.  I thinkhe smiles when he fights too.But check out Nate M's experienceon this.  I think he wet himself when he found that Tataki deal.No worries, I probably would too.When he paid for his Beef Tataki,we were off by one cent.  Usually,in stores, they have the penny dish,aka Karma Dish with pennies.  Buthere at Yaoya-San - they don't believein the karma cup and they reallywanted that penny.  We asked if itwas ok but they said NO! - I was lookingfor a penny on the floor but failed.  Nate M.got a penny in his car...damn it's a PENNY-besides, we're getting our stimulus checksfor christ sake.
<review# 1401,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2008,10/25/2008,248,493,6,11,9>Lunchtime in Larkspur.That's SO a movie title. It could be one of the classics, like Driving Miss Daisy. Except this one's about a Girl & her Mom that go Lunching in Larkspur when the mood strikes. They will try the obvious main street restaurants and be none too impressed, then one day they will happen upon the Ward Street Cafe and Lunch in Larkspur makes life luscious again.We knew it had to be great with such items as pulled pork ravioli, crisp salads and an abundance of seafood on the menu. High hopes of the 2 Ladies who Lunch were exceedingly met. The Girl would get the seafood salad, complete with crab-cake medallions, prawns and bleu cheese, light dressing and fresh greens - and know she got herself a winner. Regal Mother would get the warm avocado & prawn dish. Served atop a bed of sticky rice with fresh tomatoes, green onions and butter so infused with garlic it was a crime, this dish would steal both their hearts. Cooked to perfection would be an understatement and the fact that the waiter was adorable and attentive in all the right ways would only secure the fact that this Lunching Duo would certainly be back, perhaps even for the sequel; Lunching Ladies Branch Out - It's Time For Dinner.Love it.
<review# 1402,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2007,10/24/2008,895,1265,5,7,6>I headed all the way to Tomales Bay for oysters - a supposed aphrodisiac for those hoping to get nailed.  Oh, I got nailed all right - right in the tire - leaving me stranded at Tomales Bay Oyster Company with a tire that looked like a pancake, in the middle of nowhere, in the rain.  It could have been a Roadside Assistance commercial, it was so comical.My friend placed a call to AAA and Cheda's truck showed up within 20 minutes, patched up my tire, and sent us on our merry way.  Our technician was friendly and really fast.  A complete godsend, really.  Five stars!!
<review# 1403,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2008,10/23/2008,199,169,8,5,5>Look ma! I done shot some guns! Hehe I liked it. A lot. :)This was my first time shooting at a firing range.  I only fired a gun once before and that was on a beach in Ukraine (gotta love lawless societies....) and that hardly qualified me as someone who knows how to handle a gun.  The staff here was friendly and helpful in explaining what to do and what not to do.  The instructions were given rather quickly, but we had someone with us who knew what they were doing and if you ask I'm sure the staff would be happy to help the confused customer. You can change up your gun as many times as you want, which is pretty awesome. Personally, once I fired something more powerful than what I started with, it was hard to go back to the "girlier" (yes, it's a word) gun. Wednesday is ladies night! I forgot what that entails, some kind of deal I suppose, not a bad idea for girls night out...manis, pedis, facials, boy-bashing, shootin' guns! Anyway...I will return and it's not a far drive from SF, so don't be lazy.
<review# 1404,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2007,10/22/2008,976,1376,4,8,9>I used to live and work in San Rafael when I first went to Sol Food. The food is OUTSTANDING. I drive from SF on the weekends sometimes to eat there. I'm committed to Sol Food. The decor is awesome with all the drums and palms. It really makes me feel like I am in Puerto Rico or Cuba. The food is also outstanding. The chicken is free-range and the salad is organic. For $10 I get two pieces of chicken, salad, rice and beans and platanos. I consider that a steal for quality food. The platanos are so good that my mother almost stormed into the kitchen and demanded to know know how they cooked the platanos (maduros). Parking is pretty easy in San Rafael and while the place is usually packed I've never waited more than 20 minutes to be seated. This is a true gem and value. I am so glad that they expanded from their tiny locale. Even when they were at a place that was smaller than my room I was dedicated and willing to wait for their food. A great place to eat. Their catering also rocks. They catered one of our events at San Rafael High School and we were all blown away.
<review# 1405,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2008,10/21/2008,4,2,5,5,5>So I got my car back yesterday and decided to take her for a spin over the GG Bridge.  The first place I thought of was Tommy's Wok and my mouth immediately started to water.  My BF and I drove over there (I hadn't been in 6 months, he hadn't been in 7 years) and sat in the outdoor patio area which was really lovely.  For appetizers we ordered the paper-wrapped chicken and the hot and sour soup.  I was surprised that the chicken was actually wrapped in tin foil, but it was soooooo juicy and flavorful.  The hot and sour soup was absolutely TO DIE FOR, as well!  It has to be hands down the best hot and sour soup I've ever tasted.  It's not gelatinous and fake tasting like you can get at some places, but mouth-watering and peppery and just YUMMY.  Just typing about it makes me want it.  Our dinner's were awesome too.  He got the mango chicken and I got the szechuan noodles with tofu.  Again....YUM.  The dishes were not laden with oil or MSG, but light and full of flavor and fresh ingredients.  We finished as much of our meal as we could and all we did was sit back and say "WOW, that was amazing.  Great idea."  It's definitely better then any Chinese meal I've ever had in SF.  Now the whole dinner was pricier than most of those, but totally worth it (and the $6 toll going back.)  We also have leftovers.
<review# 1406,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/18/2008,10/20/2008,1794,1368,13,6,7>Failed Date number ?Haha.Note To Readers: This is a blast from the past, not to be confused with my current path of life.  HEHE!I was reminded of this location only recently because I had taken the Angel Island ferry out for a hike with my sweetie last weekend and of course, Servino's was right there, in my face.And then, Boom!  I totally remembered a failed date.  But, since my memory is so inclined, I will retell the tale of this failed attempt made even more so by the stop here.Once upon a time, long ago, in the fabled town of Sacramento, I was asked out on a date by a budding actor who was a mix of Italian and Northern European blood, who surprised this little country mouse off of her stable rocker with the very first date and sadly, no other dates leapt from this spur of the moment date.So, let's step back a bit.  The country mouse, shows up at Pier 39 upon the bequest of the blind date.  Shocked is she, to see the handsome young man, replete in a stylish dark brown weathered leather coat by Armani, jeans and Italian leather shoes.  Wavy dark brown/Auburn hair and green eyes.Dost my eyes deceive me?  Who is this??He had purchased tix beforehand for a ferry departing for Tiburon and that we had dinner reservations at Servino's.  The country mouse was impressed but a little taken aback by this.  A first date, come on now!Servino's has a cute location on the Tiburon, next to Guaymas.  Great double deck view of SF as well as the docking/departing ferry.  It was a nice and warm environment with friendly waiters and nicely linen covered tables.  The food, for the most part, was typical tourist fare and something I would not truly comment as fantastic.  I elected for the Chicken Parmigiana since I've learned from the book of dating to never order pastas where flicks of questionable sauces and origin may inadvertently end up on your shirt or skirt/outfit.The chicken was slightly rubbery, but it was okay.  If I recall correctly, most of the date was highly uncomfortable since his good looks were interfering with my verbal capabilities and competing at the same time; that our conversation pieces had no correlation or parallel with each either at all.D O O MMy date paid for dinner and on the ferry back, the sun was setting and the bay was absolutely gorgeous, in addition to the gorgeous date sitting next to me, his hair waving in the wind.Sigh.  One date down for this country mouse.Next.
<review# 1407,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2008,10/19/2008,9,31,2,2,2>After years of trying all of the Mexican restaurants in the San Anselmo area, I've come to the conclusion that Taqueria Mi Pueblo is the best.  Why? Consistency.  The quality is good across the menu, and it's consistent over time.  I particuarly enjoy the super prawn burrito, which is MONSTROUS. However, if you don't order it mild, it is overly spicy hot.  I also recommend eating at the restaurant.  When you eat there, they serve their burritos "wet" with delicious ranchero sauce over the top.  As has been mentioned, their portions are huge.  They don't reach 5 stars in my book because I've had better tasting meats in my burritos as well as superior sauces at other Mexican restaurants, but Mi Pueblo overall is the best in San Anselmo
<review# 1408,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2008,10/18/2008,265,769,5,4,5>Came here again last night, Mica was once again an amazing host/bartender/sever - and everything was incredible.the reason for my updated post - the manager was sitting at the end of the bar, and I can't believe what an arrogant pr*ck he is.  He was sitting there talking to the couple next to us - going on and on and on bascially about how he has bent the chain's rules to allow for certain things the other places don't - quite honestly, I am totally amazed he can fit into the place with that ego of his. He went on to hen peck both of the bartenders about several things that didn't need to be said/done infront of customers, and his behavior as a manager was completely mortiying.I will continue to go back - b/c I love the food and the service and the ambiance, I will just hope against hope - I never run across this chap again, as he left a terrible taste in my experience.
<review# 1409,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2008,10/17/2008,209,211,4,11,10>So, there's no way I'd let all these folks not honor my favorite place to eat - HANDS DOWN!  First of all, Fair Fix cafe is a slammin' coffee cafe/eatery.   Yes, it's a small time business run establishment, which means that they might put heart and time into your food, which means you'll have to wait a little bit longer.  And, it's not a place that caters to the "I have money so I expect to be served" place.  You order at the counter, you sit, they let you know when your order is ready and you take your food, silverware and all to the table of your choice.  If you feel like a full service dining experience, this is not the place.  And, yes, if you want something a little extra (like the extra tomatoes on my salad I always ask for) you have to ask nicely.  Whether or not you pay for the extra tomatoes has more to do with whether or not you've befriended the wonderful people behind the counters.  I must admit, I'm biased, yes.  I grew up in Fairfax and Fair Fix cafe was the place where we'd go sit and chill after we were already baked.  It's where we used to go and play backgammon and talk all night.  In a place like Fairfax, it's one of the only places where teens can hang out safely without their parents and not get into too much trouble.  And, it's the place I still go to today for the best home made soups (my favorite is corn cilantro and chunky vegetable) and excellent salads.  Very vegetarian and vegan friendly.  I also really like the grilled chicken sandwich with sweet chili sauce on Bordenave's french bread.  Admittedly, the staff gets the orders wrong every once in a while but, I've bene going there for over 10 years and it's only happened a handful of times, and it's usually just them forgetting to put the cheese on the sandwich like my boyfriend asked for.  Nothing major and they always fix it.  As for having "character", Fair Fix cafe has plenty of character.  The people of Fairfax are what gives Fair Fix cafe its character. Yes, there've been new businesses that have popped up, but, Fairfax has still retained it's small-town charm, which I might add, cares nothing for catering to the mere passerbys. Fair Fix reflects the people of Fairfax, who as a population are probably more likely than other people to give you their last dollar if you were broke and stranded on the side of the road.  They would probably give you a ride to the nearest gas station, or maybe even invite you into their home instead of just lending you their cell phone to call the local tow company.  So what if you can't find a newspaper that isn't all neatly folded into squares and rectagles? If you haven't noticed, Fair Fix is one of those places where tree huggers, and hippis and bare feet (take that you germaphobes!) can still be welcome without judgment.  Or, you'll find me there.... after a long day at the office in slacks, pumps and a blazer, enjoying my chai latte, bowl of soup and my favorite Harry Potter book.
<review# 1410,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2008,10/16/2008,713,874,11,14,16>I would hire Ross Painting again in a heartbeat to do inside, outside and custom work. They recently completed a project for us in Sonoma (they work a lot in Marin and SF too). They came in with the lowest bid, and from the beginning were a pleasure to work with. Their painters come to work on time, work hard all day, leave the job site tidy as can be at the end of each work day, plus do a FANTASTIC job.
<review# 1411,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2012,6/5/2012,103,359,,3,4>Still an excellent place to celebrate.  It was my birthday and Il Fornaio made me feel like a queen for the evening.  The wine selection is good but could be better.  The food is consistently good and it was a comfortable setting to relax by the fire.  I would recommend Il Fornaio as a comfortable place for a dining adventure.
<review# 1412,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2012,6/4/2012,52,40,4,3,3>Fantastic views of the Golden Gate Bridge and city of San Francisco, Caprice has a fantastic atmosphere and wonderful menu offerings. Portion sizes are perfect, and the prices were moderate. Wait staff was friendly and provided feedback and input with menu choices.Wouldn't hesitate to recommend for a night out, special occasion or intimate dining experience. Free valet parking alleviates any parking hassle, too.
<review# 1413,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2011,6/3/2012,1,14,4,7,3>I love going to Cooper Alley. Everyone in there (receptionists, assistants/stylists in training, and stylists)  treats you with respect and kindess that you can tell is sincere. If you're coming to this salon you have to expect  a high price. It is a very visually appealing, modern, clean salon that uses great products, pampers every client, and has an amazing staff. The staff has to graduate beauty school plus do a couple more years training just at Cooper Alley; the input in the staff's education comes through in the amazing cuts and colors you will get from any of them. If you're interested in getting a high-quality cut or color without the high (but reasonable for what you will recieve) price then they have a model program; look on their main website under the 'models' tab for more info :)I'm growing out my hair and appreciate the fact that they take into consideration how each layer they add will look when they grow out later on. They also take your facial structure into consideration; making the haircut work for each individual even better. If you just need a quick trim to get rid of your dead ends they both do an excellent job with that too. The dye Cooper Alley uses is amonia-free and leaves your hair feeling silky and healthy, not dried out in the slightest. With every appointment you are asked if you want a drink, just a few options from their large drink menu include water, iced-tea, and cappucinos. All of which taste delicious! The assistants/stylists in training are always there to check in on you; making sure your drinks are re-filled, and you have the magazine you want. I personally enjoy talking to them through out my appointments, they're all so sweet!   Each shampoo/conditioning includes a short but amazing neck/scalp massage...honestly it's one of my favorite parts of the appointmeny! They want you to feel relaxed and well taken care of at Cooper Alley.
<review# 1414,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2012,6/2/2012,5,9,2,8,6>Had the best experience at Lydia's Monday night with my amazing friends.  Although they were out of the Quinoa so I couldn't have the Royal Treatment, the second choice was super yummy.  I opted for the Mediterranean crepe which was a mixture of sauteed veggies (eggplant, onion, zucchini) in a light red sauce wrapped all up in a buckwheat crepe.  No heavy sauces, so good for you and very reasonably priced.  Oh and don't forget the ginger lemonade which served hot knocked my socks off.  We all left there satisfied, nourished and happy!  Thanks Lydia's.
<review# 1415,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2011,6/1/2012,20,3,2,3,2>I have been seeing Sue for my spray tans regularly for over a year.  The attention to detail is nothing short of spectacular! I spray every two weeks for at least six months out of the year.  The formula is premium! nothing like mystic or any other cheap knock off that makes you look orange. The look is natural, odorless and unlike some of the other places spraying, your color is totally customized! Sue takes her time in determining a balance between what you want and what goes best with your natural undertones.I have a Skin Business locally and tanning beds are forbidden in my line of work, so spray tanning is the answer to that call for the "healthy" bronze look that everybody loves!  I have told just about every client I have about Sue and her eye for that perfect glow!
<review# 1416,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2012,5/31/2012,179,297,3,3,3>Delicious duck sausage.  Also a good place to find freshly smoked and cured meats.  Very friendly staff.  Relaxed environment.  Great meats.
<review# 1417,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2011,5/30/2012,86,345,2,3,2>Boyfriend and I came to Boon for my birthday dinner in June. It was packed, but the nice (owner?) lady suggested that if we didn't want to wait, she could seat us at the bar. We took her suggestion. The stools were comfy and at no point did we feel like we were in the way and the service was still impeccable. We ordered the hamburger, the mac n cheese, the greens, the meatballs, some french fries and a few beers. Everything was well seasoned and flavorful. Things were relatively pricey, however, many menu items are farm fresh and locally sourced. We would definitely come here again.
<review# 1418,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2012,5/29/2012,142,267,4,4,3>I love this place.  Yes, you can find it cheaper online, or maybe even in another place.  But you probably can't find it ALL in one place!  Shackford is awesome!  Kitchen stuff you've seen in infomercials, or in Chinatown, or in a fancy kitchen store in Manhattan.  They have it.  Side by side, without prejudice, or much presentation, in narrow aisle that will force you to meet other shoppers.I come here looking for stuff and come out with stuff I didn't know I needed.  It's like crack.  Don't believe me?  Step inside.  You've been warned.
<review# 1419,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2012,5/28/2012,53,30,3,5,4>Wow!  I hate to give too good of a review since this is our neighborhood restaurant and if I go on too much we will never get a seat!BUT, it was really that good!  We had a friend in from DC and have been reading all the updates about when the old Martini House will open...  Not until a few weeks ago did we see some major progress and low and behold...  It does not disappoint!From the Perfect Manhattan served in vintage cocktail glass to the burger, everything was amazing.EXCEPT, the only thing we found less than perfect was the service...  Granted it was only the 4th night open, so maybe the poor guy wasn't trained as well as he should have been.  The bus staff were a bit quick on the draw too and it seemed there were double the number of staff walking around over customers...  The waiter did say they were training for lunch and summer season, so I'm sure that is true.  Once the outside patio opens this place is going to be amazing - Most likely better than the original (Martini House).  He said that they will have live music too.Out of three of us, we had the Halibut and burger and both were AMAZING!The bar downstairs was exactly the way it was before with a little updates here and there - I cannot wait to have drinks there after work soon.We are very excited for more to come!
<review# 1420,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2012,5/27/2012,1,10,2,2,2>LOVE this place.  They make their own everything and it really shows.  Their flavors are both traditional and exciting.  From Vanilla to Coconut to Lotus Cream I always find an ice cream flavor to fit my mood.
<review# 1421,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2012,4/4/2013,4,21,,1,1>fast, friendly scheduling process - check.available for service next day - check.1.5hr appointment window (vs. 4hrs other places) - checkplumber was on time - checkmark was friendly, efficient, respectful of my house and resolved issues quickly (plus provided a little preventative education).my new go-to for plumbing needs.
<review# 1422,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2012,4/3/2013,34,294,2,13,2>Took my pals in for a nail clipping, which is their most hated event on the planet...seriously, and I think that is an understatement.They guy who did my dog's nails was so nice to them, even when he had to raise them up on the electric table, they were cool.  They do a great job.  I will definitely take them there if they need a full on groom and blow out.  The owner lady is really nice too!
<review# 1423,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2013,4/2/2013,112,291,,5,1>Got to go check this place out prior to open. Great service, great location, amazing staff. This place will do very well. Pork and beer what more could you ask for? They also have a great wine and bottle beer selection. Food: wings not over kill on spicy. I prefer wings that make me want to cry but the flavor was great. Ribs fell off the bone, I picked one up and it fell off and back on to the plate be careful! Taste was great would recommend a little more sauce or some home made BBQ I know they will probably offer in the future. Pizza was nice didn't make me feel logged down like some other places. Nice light and made it easy to enjoy with a beer. Beer great selection on tap and bottled. Would like to see a sour on tap just my personal preference but would be nice. Happy to have a selection in bottles. On tap some great local flavor! They also have some great craft beer! For the wine drinkers some great offering from Sonoma county and other Californian selections! I can't say enough good things about this place. Come down check it out they are bringing another Gem to Santa Rosa.
<review# 1424,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2012,4/1/2013,90,112,7,10,9>Oh geez!! With all the rain and wind today, I was not in the mood for something cold. Something piping hot will hit the spot better. I have to admit that I have been to Hana countless times before but I have never tried their nabemono style sukiyaki. Many Japanese restaurants in the US do not carry sukiyaki like they used to. This is sad as old traditions are fast dying even in the culinary world. The loss in popularity may be partly attributed to the people's obsession with sushi. Most people are either ignorant or neglectful of this centuries old traditional dish. For the uninformed, sukiyaki consists of thinly sliced beef which is simmered at your table in a nabe (shallow hot iron pot) together with other ingredients in a broth of soy sauce, sugar and mirin. The ingredients used in Hana are tofu (firm), yellow onions. malony (a translucent noodle made from potato and corn starch) shitake mushroom and of course thinly sliced beef. The nabe was placed on top of a low flame burner and allowed to simmer for a few minutes. A disappointing omission in Hana was leafy vegetable. My personal favorite is chrysanthemum leaves (shungiku in Japanese or tong ho in Chinese) that will add a distinctive and nutty flavor to the broth. I understand that these leaves may be seasonal and if not available, Hana should have at least substituted them with napa cabbage. It would have been a real kicker if a server can cook the sukiyaki in front of me by slowly putting the ingredients into the nabe one at a time and the beef last so it will not overcook. Last but not least, a bowl of beaten egg to be used as a dip will complete the ensemble. Hana did mention in their menu that they use a jidori egg for this purpose. I have to confess I am not discriminating enough to tell the difference between a jidori egg and a regular run of the mill egg. All in all, this was a very satisfying dinner.Now that I am all warmed up, how can I resist a couple of orders of nigiri sushi to complete my meal although it may sound out of sequence? Masaba (mackerel from Japan) and kinmedai (snapper also from Japan) were my pick to wind up the evening. My gripe is again the undersized cut of fish making it seemed like I was given only samples to taste. Isn't there an appropriate fish to rice ratio? I am sure the size of the cut is a huge cost factor. This is a tough business decision and closely related to menu pricing. Nevertheless, Hana still remains my favorite Japanese restaurant in the North Bay.
<review# 1425,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2012,3/31/2013,4,9,,2,1>Huge fan! I regularly stop in for an Americano. I like simple syrup for my iced Americano drink and they always have it ready to go. I often treat my employees and business associates to this place as well. The experience of walking in and the employee asking if  I want my usual is really cool. The staff is always happy and offering a smile with their service. It's a great place for a morning waffle or an afternoon snack.
<review# 1426,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2013,3/30/2013,7,3,,2,1>I go to Jeremiah's for ALL my matting and framing projects/supplies. I've been following Jeremiah since Wilson Street. Now he's in the perfect art enclave on Sebastopol Rd and A Street. I dig the fact I can get any size of framing glass cut there for odd sized pictures... It's a cool scene down there in Santa Rosa's art district.If you're someone who mats and frames your own pictures, treat yourself and head down to the A Street art enclave. There's some good food too.
<review# 1427,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2012,3/29/2013,25,21,,2,2>This is my new favorite lunch spot! It is only a couple blocks from my house so at least once a week I load the baby up in the stroller and walk over. The service is excellent. The owners are always super nice and always interact with me and the baby which is fun. The food is also great. Always fresh. I love their house salad!!!! I usually get the Rainbow roll lunch combo which comes with the roll, a salad, and a miso soup:)The bento combo is also great! I always get it with the salmon. I highly recommend trying this place:)
<review# 1428,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2012,3/28/2013,18,19,,7,1>OK so I first reviewed this place back when Sea Spa was in its first year. Not much has changed. I still get great pedis, everything is still clean and the environment is soothing. My only concern is what others have highlighted here: that when Crystal has another appointment, she rushes the job. I went in with a friend last year and we got side-by-side pedis. I had an assistant do mine, and Crystal did my friend's. But she must have been expecting somebody, because my friend was finished about 15 minutes before I was. So - she wasn't happy. I, on the other hand, had a nice hour-long pedi that I was happy with. But I felt bad for my friend.So I think the bottom line here is that they give KICK-ASS manis and pedis. But maybe it's worth saying something if you're concerned about it being rushed? Crystal is a really nice woman and I give her a lot of credit for building this place into a reputable nail salon. I'd like to see her succeed and I'd like to see a lot more happy Yelpers! (oh and it's NOT a bad area of town. In fact, it sits near one of the best neighborhoods in Santa Rosa. We regularly walk past it at night to walk downtown, and I couldn't imagine being in a safer area.)(p.s. I have tried other Santa Rosa-area places and none are still as good as this)
<review# 1429,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2012,3/27/2013,41,2,,2,1>Beautiful hotel, great restaurants around the corner. Would give 5 stars, staff is very friendly, will absolutely be coming back.Gorgeous inside the lobby and the hotel restaurant has a kiiller omelet.Perfect for going wine tasting and then finishing you day here in a romantic heritage listed hotel.
<review# 1430,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/9/2012,3/26/2013,141,176,4,3,2>Great place for happy hour. I've met friends here for happy hour several times. Great specials during the games. Woohoo!The amazing and weird thing, is that I've passed this place a million times and never gone in. It was a friend calling me saying "Hey you have to try the pints and appetizers at this place. Meet me there!" that actually got me there (I was within walking distance from work at that time). Otherwise I would have never gone into this place. And all of us know, who have been here for the food and pints, it's an awesome chill hangout spot totally hidden! Who thinks casino = pints?I mean, once I was even pumping gas at the 76 across the freeway and a random out of town man asked me how to get to the casino. I just replied "Um, I think you go over the overpass and turn left ... you should find the way in there." Even though I later learned I was correct ... the thing was, I realized I had never been in it in all the years I've lived in Sonoma County. And that still didn't bring me in!To the bar food ... they started serving us the potstickers deep fried. Then went back to pan frying. Now you have to ask for them deep fried. Um, okay. I wish they served them with a little more something than just cheap soy sauce, but it still works if you add some spicy sauce to it. They say it's ponzu dipping sauce, uh-huh. Sure. I'm a huge foodie so I guess I should ask for the bottle to verify. Just remember one thing ... the potstickers are soooooo much better deep fried. Ask for deep fried! I've toyed with the idea of bringing in my own sauce, it's that boring.We've tried just about all the appetizers on the bar menu, but keep going back to the deep fried potstickers. Num num. Once had the pulled pork sliders, they were okay. Amazingly though, I liked them better than the sliders at Lagunitas. They had more sauce and cole slaw. I once knocked over a FULL beer (hey, those little round table are teeny tiny small) and they were really nice about getting it cleaned up quickly and replaced my pint free of charge. Floor was a bit sticky for a while, and everyone at the bar and tables laughed at me! Everyone is so friendly here! The staff start it, the patrons keep it going! It's never been considered impolite here to point and ask "What is that you're eating? I want to try it!"Never been into the gambling here, interested in coming back for lunch/dinner though. When I do, I'll update my review. Though looking at the menu, if it's as good as everyone says it is this is then you're getting classic American cuisine. Many people are confused by this term but here ya go!  Caesar salad, steaks, sandwiches, burgers, fries, soup of the day, etc. And there are even chicken wings!Though digging in closer at the menu on their website, they have a casino player's menu. Wha-what? That menu has way more affordable prices with some things not on any other menu (from what I can tell, like Asian dishes such as sweet and sour) including just a basic deli sandwich (ham, roast beef, turkey, or tuna - which is on the lunch menu) for an unbelievable $4.50 and a prime rib dip for $7.00, right on! Ha, I may just cozy up to a blackjack table so I can order some of that stuff affordably!I know it's a California law, but I freakin' love that there is no smoking in this building. I've been to some Indian casinos in California that do have smoking indoors and it kills me. Literally, I'm coughing the whole time and my clothes wreak after I leave. I also love that I've noticed there are no collection fees. Gamblers in the know! It's definitely swayed me to want to gamble here. But like I stated before, I'm usually here for happy hour. So it doesn't occur to me over my pints with friends to meander out of the bar area. That's another thing and what I really love that they do here. The bar area is separate from the dining area which are all separate from the gambling area. You know the other areas exist but get immersed in your own area doing your own thing.I don't go up to 4 stars for a few reasons: decors dated, the bar is a little divey (still love that though), the food is a bit dated (their only adventurous dishes are Asian), but they do get 3 stars for being reliably consistent and a good solid place to hangout.
<review# 1431,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2009,12/28/2009,415,316,15,8,10>I swear on everything that is Holy to me... holy shit, holy cow, holy moley, holy crap,  holy holy holy that I don't often eat sweets...  SWEAR.   So when I do eat something sweet you better watch out, don't talk to me, don't touch me and for god sake and your own safety don't even think for a moment that I will share a bite or nibble with you... Cinnabon does this to me... it turns me into a stark raving freak.  I have resisted for several years the temptation and when it sounded like a good idea I talked myself out of it... but today after my wonderful pre-Thanksgiving Dinner I needed a fix.  I wasn't even sure if Cinnabon was still around.. We aren't lucky enough to have one in Marin....or maybe we are, I don't know left from right at the moment the sugar high is one bite away...WTF do they do that makes these taste so freaking good... even cold they are good... I bought two... I brought both of them home... my fingers are sticking to the keys as I type this review because I can't stop eating long enough to finish something I started and now I am starting to really feel my sugar high kicking in...  Holy Crap the crash after the rush is going to be F'd up and it will result in a food coma...  and I still have one more left.
<review# 1432,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2009,12/27/2009,62,208,3,3,3>I remember this place back when it was Babe's Burgers. Well the burgers really kick ass today! In fact they are so messy I could not stop eating it, just had to hurry up and eat the fries later. The wife had the BBQ pork sandwich, very messy too. Fries & onion rings were very good.For an appetizer I had a Idaho Spud candy bar.
<review# 1433,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2009,12/26/2009,25,77,4,5,5>To celebrate my 26th birthday, I dragged my parents to DreamFarm since they're not big city folk and this sounded like the sort of restaurant that you'd find in San Francisco - unique, good food, small portions. I had read the reviews on Yelp that said service was terrible, but I had quite the opposite experience.My server was extremely helpful and charming; he was very attentive and had a great disposition. I felt like there were constantly people circling about and that they were extremely well-staffed. Perhaps the others went in on a night when they were short people or they responded to the gripes about their service, but I had a great experience. The only complaint I have on service is that my parents plates were cleared before I was done eating. Now to the most important part, the food! I got a carrot soup that was delicious and beautifully presented; my folks were thrilled with the salad they got with blue cheese and nuts. I tried a bite and the vinaigrette was fabulous; I would definitely get this next time I go! For my main course, I got the pork and it was probably the juiciest, pork loin I've ever had. The flavors were great and it was just the right amount of food. For dessert, I got the panna cotta which was intensely rich; I tried a bite of my dad's pecan pie and realized that I had not ordered the best dessert on the menu. His was amazing and I usually am not a big fan of pecan pie due to all the corn syrup goo that goes into it. This was mostly nuts with a healthy amount of sugary goodness, but not over the top. I got a dessert wine, the suggested pairing for my dessert, and it was lovely and reasonably priced. This place makes you feel okay about splurging for that last glass of wine because you can afford to! I rarely eat out in Marin, but I would go back here in a heartbeat. I look forward to trying some of the other dishes!!
<review# 1434,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2009,12/25/2009,103,359,,3,3>The Santa Rosa towns-people have been anticipating the opening for quite some time.  The locals have high expectations for this spot and have little patience for opening foibles.  El Coqui is wildly busy and lines run out the door.  I'm not sure the staff was prepared for its popularity.  There are a few opening night bugs but nothing the staff can't handle.  I heard jeers from restaurant visitors as they compared it to Mexican food.  I have to wonder about the sophistication of their palette as it's many of the same ingredients just represented in a different form.  - plus my experience has been that there is no good Mexican restaurants in Santa Rosa, just slop with cheese on top.  I regress.Dinner at this restaurant is an evening adventure.  The wait gives you time to catch up with friends and talk to the friendly staff.  The casual dining gives you the opportunity to drink in the flavor of Puerto Rico.  The owners Jackie and (sorry I've forgotten) are very friendly and accommodating.  They chatted at our table for 10 minutes talking about their hopes for the restuarant, family and the food.  They are creating a family spot that welcomes all.  The food is good but inconsistent.  The flavors are traditional and does satify the yearning for puerto rican.  But without Sophrito the experience is not the same.  Finding the right peppers has been difficult and without sophrito the food is not the same.  I'm told by Jackie, this will be recitified as soon as possible, just part of finding the right supplier.The menu is solid and prices are good.  The most expensive thing on the menu is 14.99 for bistec empanado.  I like the expanded drink menu offering a margarita tand mojito ype drinks rather than just beer and wine.I'm a fan of the restaurant because I know the family and kitchen can cook.  I'm just waiting for it to translate into cooking for big numbers.  The food is very fresh and the healthy portions allow you to take home left overs.  The rice is just like at home and the spice blends are a true taste of Puerto Rico.
<review# 1435,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2009,12/24/2009,52,62,1,12,4>Solage is my favorite place to stay in Napa, and I've stayed at a lot of places including Calistoga Ranch (I really loved this place too, but at around $1200+/night, it's not someplace I frequent often...ehem), Auberge du Soleil (stuffy), and Carneros Inn (nice, but a bit of a weird layout).The last time we stayed at Solage, we got a complimentary upgrade to a suite which featured a lovely cottage with it's own private fenced-in yard and hot tub.  Solage is also dog-friendly, so our Welsh corgi enjoyed his time sniffing out his personal space.Solage is conveniently located near Calistoga and is within walking distance to the town center as well as key wineries.  You can also hop on the free bicycles they provide, which is a great and relaxing way to get around.Do check out the spa if you have time as well.Tip:  Check Solage's Twitter account before you book, as they often note special deals twitter.com/solagecalist
<review# 1436,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/17/2009,12/23/2009,362,1009,1,6,3>Came here with a few former co-workers last week for a "business lunch" of sorts. Initially, I was thinking I'd only be able to have a salad or something, but the wait and kitchen staff were more than willing to bend over backward and accommodate my dietary restrictions.I got a pizza and instead of cheese, had them put kalamata olives and extra veggies on. The thin crust was a welcomed surprise, and the whole thing was really really good. One dining companion got a sandwich and the other got the meatloaf - both were impressed with their food.While there isn't a lot I can eat on the menu, it was refreshing to have people work with me and end up with food that wasn't bland or dull. I'd definitely like to come back here for Happy Hour sometime - that is, if I'm ever in Novato for Happy Hour.
<review# 1437,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2009,12/22/2009,419,792,2,4,4>Waaaaaaiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiitttttttttttttttttt­tttt!   That's what you gotta be prepared for on a Friday night if you don't call ahead.  Two of us arrived at 6:30 and they said it would be an hour wait.  Fortunately we werent starving or we woulda headed next door to chipotle.  Instead we hung out at the bar where we met crazy woman and tried some really good koelsch (ok..still not as good as Tiburon Blonde at Marin Brewing but really good nonetheless).  We finally got seated ordered our food and again had to Waaaaaaiiiiiiiiiiiiittttttttttt about 45 minutes before it finally arrived.  Not sure what happened but they were super appologetic.  The chicken parmesan was very good.   For desert we had the brownie sunday which is amazing!!!!!!!   Excellent chocolate sauce and brownie!   So despite the Waaaaaaiiiiiiiiiittttttt and mix up in the order which I did not mention since they corrected it quickly and comped us, I give em four stars because the food was good, ambiance nice, we werent in a hurry any way, and crazy lady at the bar was entertaining.
<review# 1438,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2009,12/21/2009,175,80,7,8,11>Nothing spectacular, but good, clean, fresh-tasting food. Decent miso, good iced tea, good hot tea, and I've had good service the two times I've been.I'm not one for "jive ass rolls", but I am definitely a fan of their San Francisco roll: well-seasoned rice, wrapped around fresh salmon and ripe avocado... It's delicious, and the prices seem pretty reasonable/competitive. I'm still more of a fan of Taki, but will gladly drop in at Sushiholic when I'm in the neighborhood.
<review# 1439,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2009,12/20/2009,123,1032,8,9,8>This bar is awesome. Yes, it is dive-y. If you were wanting $12 cosmopolitans and house music, you will not find that here. There will likely be no dancing, and the monitors will display a sports game, not some ambient eye candy.Trevor himself is frequently at this establishment, which makes sense. He's a Welshman, and if you like rugby he'll chat you up. If you're lucky and speak a little Welsh he might even buy you some Welsh whiskey.They've got some good brews on tap here, which is always a big plus. The other spirits are bar basic staples, so as long as you're not too outrageous in your orders you should be OK.Internet jukebox, so you can't be too upset with the tunes. There's a good pool table in the rear, and a basketball machine, to boot.
<review# 1440,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2009,12/19/2009,265,769,7,6,5>We came for lunch on Friday and had some crazy burger - it had cheese, red onions, dressing, pickles, tomatoes and I'm sure I"m forgetting something else on it.  It was interesting, but had a lot going on in it, and I'm more of a simple burger with mustard and pickles - if i'm freeling frisky maybe add a slice of tomatoe kinda girl.  DC loved his and he's a picky eater - so I'm guessing it's really good.  The Clam Chow was good, and Potato Salad was as well, however if you can power through an entire burger, but the time you get to your side dish you are like.. ugh.. not another bite!We did save room for samples of the cherry and apple cobbler - which were out of this world.  They hit the sweet tooth perfectly and although not really diet friendly - a total must have once in a while splurge. Great Location, great family vibe - really cool people who work there... and (this is a 'sam-ism thing) they have Cherry 7up in the fountain and RC cola - now THAT is an awesome place in my book...  ... yes  - I know I'm a dork - I'm ok with that tho.
<review# 1441,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2009,10/4/2010,26,112,3,11,4>Kinnaree is incredible.I've had Thai massages in Southeast Asia, LA and the Bay Area. This is THE place to go.The therapists there are extremely well trained, have great technique and customer service. My husband and I walked out thrilled that we finally found our place to go. We've been looking for a regular spot, and this is it.From the preparation and comfort of the massage area, to the personalized, focused massage and even the stretching at the end... It is a complete relaxing, and engaged message. Yes, in Thai massage you do have to be a little bit active-- as far as moving, stretching and what not-- but its totally worth it. I love that my husband and I never feel like we get the same Thai massage-- they really focus on your requested trouble spots--and also can tell just by your posture areas that they need to work on. At Kinnaree, I left feeling like that hadn't missed a spot. :]Our massage was ended with handmade Lemongrass tea (bought locally at the farmer's market!) and a couple minutes to sit and relax. As this was our first time, we even got aromatherapy sachets to take home. What a great way to remember to get another appointment on the calendar!Definitely going back. I feel for the time (60 minutes) and the experience, I feel very satisfied-- and not a minute was wasted.P.S. The place was a little hard for us to find-- its in a professional office building space that is shared by a realty office (which is visible from the front). They're all the way behind the front building, and upstairs.P.P.S. The massage areas are seperated by a curtain-- and so yes, you do hear everything, but you see nothing of anyone else. This is a traditional set up, and it makes effective use of the space-- if you can't 'deal' with that kind of privacy or listening to others relax into a great massage-- too bad.
<review# 1442,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2009,10/3/2010,39,179,4,6,5>I should tell you now that I have only had dinner at Bruno's once, and to be completely honest, I don't remember it. I know I had steak and that it was good, but that's it. Good steak.I head over to Bruno's for brunch about once a month. On Sunday. The only day they serve morning food. I normally go alone, and I always sit at the little bar. I don't bring a paper, and I don't talk to strangers. I watch the kitchen at work, and I drink my coffee.For breakfast/brunch this place is top-notch. The servers remember how I like my coffee, and my water is never empty. The food is upscale diner and beyond. The sausage gravy that comes with the biscuits is just about the best I have ever had. Killer hollandaise, quality bacon that's not too crispy, perfectly poached eggs, and healthy portions of everything.The servers are super-friendly but they aren't intrusive, and Chef Bruno is always around helping serve, cooking, expediting, or just making sure everyone is happy.Bruno's is comfortable and the food kills it. Classics done with style but not over the top, quality ingredients, and a pleasant atmosphere.Now, Bruno's isn't cheap. As a breakfast place, I'd put it in the expensive category. Obviously, I think it's worth it as I keep going back, but I must say that when I get my check and am doing the math of what I ordered and what it cost and what I owe... I twitch. Sometimes I feel like my total is fair and that I got what I am about to pay for. Other times, I get my check and have that moment when I say (sometimes aloud) "Really?"I then quickly remind myself how much ass the servers and chef kick, how the food is fresh, clean, and delicious, and how I can walk from my house.Bruno's is a winner, and I'm going to keep going back.
<review# 1443,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/14/2010,10/2/2010,30,42,3,2,2>I am sad to write this review. I had many sleepless nights thinking about Bottega. My expectations were so high! I really thought Michael was gonna wow me to every single bite. They served us warm french bread and just tossed it in the middle of the table, pretty rustic but okay. They serve the bread with a spread its a parmesan/butter thick and creamy. That was very good different from the traditional olive oil and balsamic. We started with the truffle fries, nothing fantastic about this just regular fries with some Parmesan on top and fried sage. Then we ordered an order of calamari this was good what I did enjoy about the calamari is it was served with the squids own ink. I haven't seen that before! Next I ordered the wood grilled octopus it was served over some greens, red onions and a lite dressing, it was okay I thought it was pretty boring. My sister and I decided to share so I ordered the wood oven fish, which was sea bass (ugliest little fish I have ever seen) looked like a pirahna with it's shap little teeth. The fish is served whole with the head. The fish was fish nothing outstanding lots of black pepper. Then we ordered the risotto with prosiutto nothing fancy about this dish it needed salt it was bland and again boring. Overall I apologize this write up is boring, but that how my visit to Bottega was BORING.
<review# 1444,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2010,10/1/2010,352,403,1,3,1>A nice new place that opened up close to where I work.  I remember getting lunch at the Chinese place that was here before Arun, which was kind of worn down in comparison.The new owners did a great job of fixing up the place and making it much classier.  I now see 3-4 tables of coworkers every time I have lunch at Arun.  Prices are reasonable, their lunch specials come with a salad and cost around 8-10 bucks.Most of the selections I've had were solid, the drunken noodles being my favorite.
<review# 1445,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2010,9/29/2010,278,126,4,5,4>I recently returned from a 4-month escapade in Lisbon, Portugal. Much to my mother's chagrin, I did not bring home any of the beautiful pottery which Portugal specializes in (this is a land of textiles, my friends, and it offers some very high-quality pottery, marble, jewelry, etc.). No, that would have been too easy - instead, I brought home a Portuguese fiance.We recently relocated to Sonoma and are enjoying the many gastronomical delights the town has to offer. My fiance being a FOB Portuguese, and myself having gained some considerable weight eating the Portuguese cuisine, decided we would try this much-celebrated restaurant on a Saturday.My parents were in attendance and we sampled the many different dishes available. Now, understand that this is gourmet Portuguese cuisine served with the artistic touch of talented chef and owner, Manuel Azevedo. Usually, I ate pig's feet at the local "Pastelaria"s during lunchtime, at my fiance's insistence that these ingredients are the curacao of Portuguese cuisine. No one in Lisbon made pig's feet so appetizing and truly lovely.The amuse-bouches were truly a nice touch; the wine served was paired excellently; the service was very warm and friendly; the chourico scallops were melt-in-your-mouth good; and the blood sausage was so soft and tender compared to some of the stiffer sausages (heehee) we tried in Portugal.Our entrees, respectively the feijoada completa, the sea bass, the bacalhau (classic), and the pork, each offered a savory and tasty conclusion to the night (we all shared amongst ourselves).Overall, I rate this evening as a 5-star win.
<review# 1446,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2010,9/28/2010,184,265,3,5,3>Generally, I'm a Trader Joe's and Whole Foods kind of gal.I do think, however, that Mollie Stone's is great for the following: seafood, meats, cheese. It's hard to find better quality stuff in these categories at other stores. I still have my heart set on trying the Chimay cheese with a Chimay beer, perhaps with a baguette?Oh, I also saw that there's blood orange juice here. Epic win.
<review# 1447,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/20/2009,9/27/2010,108,54,3,5,4>I was pretty excited to see quick service style place come into the Hamilton shopping center since I love me some pasta and I work so close. The food is tasty and is in the once in a while for lunch, maybe if it's an occasion price range. To translate it's a little on the pricey side relative to portion size. The reason I make such a gripe about the price is that it appears the place has invested in bizarre restaurant serving technology that I can't quite wrap my head around. You see after you order you are handed a plastic number card to bring to your table (normal so far). However this is proceeed by a demonstration on how you must insert said card into a card reader at your table and wait for it to blink out morse code to you so that you know it's been accepted. Not really, but it's about 6 steps more than just placing a number on your table. I assume the logic is that the person who brings out your food will know exactly what table you're sitting at, the problem here is the place just isn't that big. I feel like it could've been money well saved, that's all. Secondly they have some sort of wine dispensing card machine that I truly don't understand. I can assume since people have been pouring wine for hundreds of years by themselves that they can probably handle the task. Anywho if you're a fan of restaurant gadgets this is without a doubt the place to go. Otherwise no need to hurry over, but it's a good change of pace if you're looking for something different.
<review# 1448,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2010,9/26/2010,62,208,2,2,2>This was a nice surprise finding this place. We meet another couple that has a small kid and our first choice on Yelp was not a kid friendly one so we ended up here. The wait staff was very nice and we were seated promptly.  Lots of choices on the menu to be had.  We tried all the food that came to the table. I had a BBQ chicken pizza, my usual pick and it was definitely one of the BEST I have had. The wife had pesto chicken salad really liked it. The other couple had a pesto, olive, feta ............um no meat pizza. I tried a bite and it was good. As an appetizer calamari and onion rings. Both really good.  No room for desert tho.
<review# 1449,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2010,9/25/2010,155,397,3,4,2>12:45am, I'm hungry and they're open-score!!!My virgin trip to get taco truck tacos at midnight and it did not leave me wanting something other than my experience. Tacos are crazy good!!! $1.25 gets you a sweet little taco filled to the brim with meat, salsa, onions and cilantro. You can't get a better deal than that! I devored the al pastor and carnitas, AMAZING!
<review# 1450,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/25/2010,9/24/2010,67,79,5,2,5>Yes, We Have Too Much Money!The Ghost of  Supervisor Barbara Boxer wants to throw $1.5-million at the birds of Creekside Park.I've been observing these birds there for nearly 30 years and not one of them has told me they want to upgrade the place -- just attract more people to Boxer's legacy in Marin.Who wants or needs an observation platform?  Not the birds, not me, not under-funded social services in Marin.  Stop this foolishness.What else is inside this $1.5-million package?  Oh, lookee, $250,000 fee for somebody's favorite architect.  How did that string get pulled?OK, here's my best and final offer:  hire a sculptor for $100,000 to make a bronze statue of young Barbara Boxer feeding an egret.  Then give whatever's left of the $1.5-million to the under-funded social sevices of Marin County.How about that, Senator ?  Deal?
<review# 1451,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/29/2009,10/1/2009,248,493,11,11,11>We were on an errand. An errand of maximum proportions. Which left me wondering, WHY is it called an errand and not a "something to drop off" or "pick up"...? Consequently, time escaped and since neither I nor my Dear Mother had eaten breakfast at this late hour, we wanted food and now. Unbeknownst to us, it's about 2:26. Mom pleads, where to go?? I say, I got it Ma. We're going Toasting. We walk in to the expansive - nay huge space. I see a sign that they close for transition at 2:30. Will we eat?! It's any body's guess... YES! They were so friendly and accommodating, we were seated immediately and given a crisp bottle of water. I saw beet salad - Hot Dog! I proclaimed, added some chicken to that and was happily excited to finally eat, eat. The salad is set in front of me, huge bowl of spinach greens, sliced red onions, copious amounts of goat cheese, dressing and a very mod crouton of toasted sliced sourdough with Parmesan. Crouton good, salad - eh. I was happy to finish - but bad salad, you're all watery! Dry off next time. I assume this has something - or all - to do with the fact that we were seated AS they were closing, so I can't complain tooo much. My Mom, on the other hand, has a gift for ordering the BEST thing on ANY menu, and today was nothing different. Fried tortilla chorizo frittata. Hold the phone. Fluffy, cheesy breakfast-all-day-greatness. Crunchy, chewy tortilla throughout and 2 heaping dollops of sour cream & salsa. She shared - but for some reason, finished her lunch and left me none. Guess it WAS hers... Prices are great, if I hadn't added chicken, my salad was under $10. You practically can't get a pack of ciggies for that. Come on! Friendly service and good food - ain't nothing wrong wit dat yo - just be prepared. You walk in and the decor is....festive. I suppose you're to feel like you're in a toaster or sandwiched between toasted bread - but, I swear. If that siding on the wall was any more yellow, you'd be in the fucking cheese in that Rube Goldberg-like device of a game, Mousetrap.
<review# 1452,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2009,9/30/2009,133,206,1,6,3>Tucked away in the Coddingtown mall, Taco Max is definitely a hidden gem!This place really piqued my interest when I heard they served Cochinita Pibil, a delicious Yucatecan dish that I've never seen at any Sonoma County Mexican restaurant. It consists of pork coated in a citrus, habanero, and anchiote spice paste and wrapped in a banana leaf, then slow-roasted until it's perfectly tender and succulent.The pibil tacos are served in the traditional way: in corn tortillas with a little habanero and beautiful pickled red onions on top.Taco Max offers other less common but very traditional dishes like napoles and birria. Tortas are delicious here and use some of the freshest bread I've had at any taqueria. Their tamales also are quite tasty and have a perfect texture. All the dishes come with a nice salsa verde but If you ask, they will offer up an especially spicy version that's more to my liking. The proprietor, Arturo, does most or all the cooking and takes a lot of pride in his food. He tells me that he got his start in Miami but has had this Santa Rosa location for three years (why am I just finding this out now?!).The only major negating factor is that Taco Max is inside the mall, making for a pretty dismal ambiance. Also, it would be nice if the chips and tortillas weren't from the supermarket.Normally, I would never suggest eating anything served at a mall but this is truly an exception to that rule! Try Taco Max and you won't be disappointed!...and of course here's my standard taqueria breakdown:-------------Feature/ Points (0-5)-------------Veggie ingredients/ 4.5Meat/ 4.5Chips/ 3Salsa*/ 3.5Authenticity or originality/ 5Service/ 5Atmosphere/ 2Value/ 4*Salsa breakdown: Flavor/ 4Heat/ 4Variety/ 3
<review# 1453,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2009,9/29/2009,141,176,7,10,8>We came here on my birthday mid August this year of 2009.OMG, it was not to disappoint. We made a semi-early reservation due to the mentioning of waiting here on yelp. We had no wait and were seated promptly, I think our reservation was for 5.30 or 6 pm. Not too soon after we were seated there were tons of people and other people trying to get in but walking away. So yeah, even on a Sunday, early pays.I took everyone's yelp suggestions to heart.  We had the green olives and have been hooked on them ever since. You can for instance find them in the olive bar at Molsberry's under the name of sweet green olives.The bread with the Dry Creek olive oil was amazing. Really I think we were just so stuck on the olive oil but I have to say the bread was nothing to skulk at. It wasn't the best I've had in some time but it was definitely the right amount of yeast-i-ness for that olive oil.We also tried the calamari and the meatballs. Everyone grabbed a calamari skewer so fast I only had time to take a picture of what was on my plate. I loved it. Not the usual deep fried stuff and just the right amount of chewy so that you weren't feeling like it was raw. I'll take the raw with my sushi, not my Italian. So yes, this was heaven too.The meatballs just weren't enough for the three of us. We split them sparingly reminding each other we were still getting an entree, laughingly. I loved that the waiter or busser asked if we wanted more bread to be served with our meatballs. "Yes," we all cried however I still mumbled "Perhaps I should have asked for more olive oil too." Yes, it was that good!My boyfriend and best friend each ordered the ravioli special. It was good but I think I was still longing for another meatball!I had ordered the margarita pizza. Mmmm, so good. I like thin thin thin crust pizza so admittedly this may not be for you if you don't like it super thin. It had a wonderful perfect amount of cheese and an ornately positioned basil just underneath.I can't wait to go back to try some more on the menu.Oh and as a side note, I ran over to the Ferrari-Carrano tasting room when I realized we forgot our bottle of wine (it is only 2 doors down). I have a particular love of them as they always seem to have one outstanding bottle no matter the season. Sure enough, the recommended Siena which I believe was a blend and it went perfect. Just be sure to mention where you are eating and they will help you right out.I know that Scopa is supposed to have a great wine list but I wanted something appropriate to my palate, the food served, and I didn't want to be guessing. We'll check that out next time.We were all quite full but desert was something we all wanted to try at least one bite of. I selected the ice cream with strawberries and blasamico. It was heaven and there was no way I could finish it on my own!We loved that we each got to pick a moderate amount to share, left full, had an upscale experience, and the bill was reasonably priced!We'll be going back again for sure and hopefully soon!
<review# 1454,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2009,9/28/2009,108,294,7,9,8>Ohhhh Counter... you're going to be bad for my waistline. My burger was fantastic - 1/3lb cooked to perfection, with imported swiss, pineapple, and ginger soy glaze on a wheat bun. I expected the glaze to be syrupy and sticky-sweet, but it was much better than that - had excellent flavor. And it came on the side, perfect for metering out the right amount.Tried the cheddar cheese fries and a chocolate malt - also scrumptious. The service was fantastic - surprising considering they've been open for a week. Greeted warmly at the door, promptly attended to by our waitress, and bid good night by several people on our way out. Decor is also cool, and the music makes you want to get on your table and sing! This is a great replacement for the former nasty McDonald's!
<review# 1455,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2008,9/27/2009,147,287,18,18,17>We were craving pizza - a craving that hadn't reared it's head since we moved to downtown San Rafael. Ergo, we had no idea where we were going to satisfy the urge.So I Yelped. Mauro's looked like the best bet within spitting distance. Good omen, since my Argentinian mate Mauro makes the best pizza in the world. I ordered. I picked it up.A large combo set me back a little shy of $27 with tax. A little spendy for takeout, but unlike pie ordered from LoCoco's or Mulberry Street, I was gobsmacked when I picked it up. It was huge. It was immense. It was like a manhole cover. And it's better.Back home we flipped the lid. Tons of toppings. We're talking TONS. Made it a bit difficult to eat without performing the NY trick of folding your slice. Crust was JUST how I like it - thin and crispy. Sauce was fresh. Toppings were fresh. Cheese tasted a little plastic-y, but you can't have everything.Two slices and a glass of Easton old vine Zin later, I was a happy camper. There's still a half a pizza in the fridge that's going to get molested for lunch. And when that's gone, I plan on trying out some other goodies from their menu. My mate Mauro's got competition for favourite pie now.
<review# 1456,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2009,9/26/2009,423,254,7,9,10>I attended this event for the first time 8-15-09. This was the 7th annual iteration. and given tickets sold out several weeks in advance, quite the popular event with locals.An impressive array of breweries attended:21st Amendment, Anderson Valley Brewing, Beach Chalet, Blue Frog brewery, Bear Republic Brewing, Black Diamond, Eel River Brewing, Firestone Walker Brewing, Fossil Fuels Brewing, Gordon Biersch, Hoppy Brewing, Iron Springs Brewing, Lagunitus Brewing, Lost Coast Brewing, Mad River Brewing, Marin Brewing, Moonlight Brewing, Mt Tallac, New Belgium Brewing, Pyramid Breweries, Rubicon Brewing, Russian River Brewing, Santa Cruz Mountain Brewing, Seabright Brewing, Speakeasy Ales, Stumptown Brewery, Third Street Aleworks.A great event overall. Well organized, tickets limited to a manageble amount. Glass not plastic tasting glasses. (yay!) Lots of good BBQ, although by 4ish, despite the pre-email of 1.5 tons, many were running out. Space to spread out in the shade was also a bit tight, but a really fun, event. Attended mostly by locals, no need for your Sunday best, just your appetite for beer, bbq, sun, and music.when do next years tickets go on sale?!
<review# 1457,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2009,9/25/2009,67,28,7,9,7>The Restaurant Formerly Known as FORKA couple of weeks ago while sifting through my filing cabinet looking for God Knows What, I found, stuck between some old papers, a gift certificate for Fork, a San Anselmo restaurant that went out of business about a year ago.  In response to the bleak economy, Fork restaurateurs Oliver Knill and Charles Low closed the doors to their upscale California-French cuisine, replacing it with DreamFarm. Scheming about how to use my magical powers of persuasion to get the owners to honor a credit for a non-existent restaurant proved entirely unnecessary; Low graciously welcomed me with no hassle at all...Touted as high-quality comfort food, I wondered if DreamFarm would live up to its name...I'm delighted and a bit surprised to report that it did! Unlike its predecessor, Fork, whose lofty air did not justify its pricey and inconsistent fare, the meal tonight delivered.Upon arrival on a Friday night, we were greeted by Low, looking more in his element than ever, and sat at the window, at the exact table I wanted but didn't ask for...It's like he read my mind! Low and Knill have always been very hands on, and I am pleased to see that this hasn't changed.  Something is different though...with the pretense gone, what's left is a sweetness and warmth that makes me feel welcome, at ease, and special.The interior of Dream Farm hasn't changed dramatically since its previous incarnation which is just the way it should be.  The restrained elegance of the decor is a complement to the simplicity of the menu and the delicate lighting adds a sense of intimacy.One of the elements of Fork I was concerned I would miss was its commitment to seasonal organic fare.  What the Dream Farm menu lacked in free-range and sustainable ingredients was made up for in affordability (no item over $20), thoughtfulness, and seasonality.  And even so, there were a few lovely protein choices that met my free-range, hormone-free preferences.For starters, a rich carrot bisque, seasoned nicely with herbs, truffle oil and crème fraiche, was a wonderful complement to the perfectly steamed artichoke heart, served chilled with a caper-dijon mayonnaise. A huge fan of artichokes, I'm delighted to report that this was hands-down, the best preparation of that gorgeous green globe I've encountered to date!Seared Salmon with Jasmine Rice, Almonds, Green Beans, Dilled Yogurt and Cucumbers was our next course...According to The Seafood Guide from the Blue Ocean Institute, wild Alaskan Salmon is a safe and relatively sustainable choice of fish, and this preparation was delicious! I was actually uncertain about the flavors when placing the order - though a familiar Norwegian style, I wasn't sure I was in the mood for it.  As it turns out, I could have easily eaten the entire course myself! The fish was prepared perfectly, with a piquant peppery flavor and the dilled yogurt sauce was light and elegant.  This was definitely the highlight of the evening, for both of us, as I could tell from our eager dueling forks.Thank goodness for "Happy Chicken" - Sweet garlic Roasted Rocky Jr. Chicken with Mashed Potatoes and Green Beans rounded out our entrees, and - sigh - was my least favorite part of the meal. The flavors were uninspired and the chicken slightly overdone...In this instance "comfort food" really did rouse memories of mom's cooking...However, I've come expect more from my Dreams.  My dining partner had a serious hankering for the Scharffenberger Devil's Food Layer Cake with Chantilly Cream.  Who am I to deny a man his cake?  A generous slice of perfectly bittersweet cake was presented, and consumed in short order - satisfying his craving and one I hadn't realized I had!  Savoring the last bits of our green tea, we reflected on our lovely repast - and our appreciation of each other.So here's my lowdown: Dream Farm breathes fresh life into what was once a too-stuffy, tres cher restaurant with stressed-out owners. You'll still find the simple, elegantly prepared food Fork was known for but now it's a wonderfully affordable bargain with owners who seem really happy to have found their groove.Driving out to the famous lighthouse in Point Reyes, you pass DreamFarm Road on your left...As evidenced by the inspiration they draw upon for their new venture, the owners of Dream Farm clearly know the secret held by all long-time residents of West Marin - joy and true wealth come from the simplicity and comfort of a life in harmony with the land.  Congratulations, Charles and Oliver, on a dream well done!
<review# 1458,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2008,9/24/2009,281,205,34,24,13>The Bay Club, conveniently located right smack dab in the middle of Marin in Corte Madera, has been done quite beautifully, chock full of wonderful locker rooms and boundless amenities that surpass the normal Gold's or 24 Hour Fitness. They offer a variety of genres in classes to keep that MILF-y booty fly so that no one even knows you've got kids. (note: no I do not have children, but if I did I think I'd be very MILF-y FYI)I do feel rather out of place there though, sweating on the precores while my Starbucks nonfat latte precariously posts in it's perfect holder cup in front of my personal flat screen T.V.The women with their perfectly coifed hair don't even seem to sweat next to me as I crank the difficulty level up. I need to be drenched to feel like I've burned my friends "ghetto" cake she make for me last week off. I usually look a little different than those around me normally, but my tattoos and bright colored hair do make me a beacon for the anti-gap ad as I walk through the gym there. I shouldn't even call it a gym. It's like a day spa with workout machines.  Not bad I must say. Not bad. I have enjoyed my yoga classes there. Nothing like a little restorative yoga for me in the moring. Makes me feel like I actually did something already in the day besides working and making phone calls. The Bay Club is like a Marin status symbol. You pay hundred of dollars just to get in, and even more every month. It's the BMW (basic marin wheels, or bitch moan whine, for those who don't know the acronym already) of gym/spas and it's quite worthy. There's never a line for the machines and people are quite nice there. I'm just not sure if the money is worth it to me to be stared at as if I walked in the wrong revolving door. But maybe that's just me, thinking that everyone stares. But I did notice a few ladies move their Balenciaga purses just a little further away from me as I sat down in the locker room. I just don't think they realized when I sat down, I didn't want their purses, I had my Dior on me, and it was nicer anyway.
<review# 1459,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2009,9/23/2009,340,166,10,15,22>There's a passion that some restaurants have.  Where does it come from?  The owner?  Does it come from the chef and radiate onto the servers and the patrons, snowballing into a huge mass of culinary appreciation?  Why do some places seem to lack that?  Is it because the chef peers from the kitchen like a bird of prey at his customers?  Is he insecure or does he see dollar signs as we walk through the door?  Fortunately for us, Cook has a passion for its food and its preparation.  And service to its customers is of high importance.  What keeps the waitress here after all this time?  The tips perhaps.  The locals tip hard and the tourists adore the small hallway of a restaurant.  Cook's old timey feel and masterful cookery packs 'em in.  It gets noisy, but not deafening.  One feels comfortable guffawing about the one time a winemaker so and so passed out in the hot tub with a magnum of new release.  I went to Cook's last Saturday with some reservations.  What I mean is that I had, of course, reserved a table in advance.  I had a drink at the bar before sitting down.  It was hard to leave that cheerful soda fountain setting for the table at first, but hunger called.  Everything I had was divine.  The rocket arugula salad, which, when this was Green Valley Cafe, was called The Rocket Salad, then changed to The Arugula Salad, now affectionately known as The Rocket Arugula Salad, burst with a perfect combination of zesty greens, subtly sweet pears, and a provocative vinaigrette.  The calamari, as you've come to expect, was dressed in a sleek crunchy breaded shell and set to music in your mouth with a spicy creamy sauce.  The swordfish was a perfectly grilled knockout that I had a difficult time sharing.  The ambiance was set to a Saturday loud and we brought our own wine so we were fools on high.  The table next to us, out-of-town winemakers on a getaway, were twice as loud as that.  I had a great time.
<review# 1460,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2009,9/22/2009,100,150,4,5,6>So great!!! I love this place. Denise is such a doll! Think boutique shopping in the meat packing district in New York but right in the heart of Mill Valley! Such a breath of fresh air for Marin shopping! They really have their finger on the pulse of what's hot in the casual, but sophisticated ready to wear market.  Think Modern Amusement for men. Fiona Paxton, House of Harlow, Hudson .... just to name a few for her. Get in there and stimulate the economy people!!
<review# 1461,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2009,9/8/2010,123,1032,4,7,4>Yes. Yes. Yes.As a beer aficionado, this place speaks to me. You know you're on the right track when you see the hops trailing outside. This is a good sign for beer lovers. You cannot come here and be disappointed in the suds, as they have a style and taste for any and every body.The food, well ... that's a little different. It isn't bad food, don't get me wrong, but the 5 stars are not for the $2 tacos (though those are scrumptious). My advice would be to keep it simple food-wise, and concentrate on pairing your meal with a beer.
<review# 1462,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/4/2010,9/7/2010,35,76,5,10,3>Chrome Lotus is the newest live music and cocktail lounge to hit Santa Rosa. In fact, as of today it's not even open yet. I attended a media pre-launch party last night at a mostly finished and sort of full Chrome Lotus. The inside has been redone from when it was Acapulco's so it's all spiffy and clean. An important note for any bar-going lady: the bathrooms are few but quite clean.They seem to be branding themselves as an upscale club -- there's lots of busty cocktail waitresses, leather club chairs, booths with bottle service, and stripper poles. But it wasn't working -- I really got a run-of-the-mill bar vibe. The only decoration is the free swag you get from liquor distributors like neon beer signs and Budweiser mirrors. Since they're not really open yet, who knows if the decor will change before their Feb. 5 launch. The details? There's sort of two Chrome Lotuses. The front has a long bar, a shot bar, some limited seating, projection TVs with "screen saver" like images on them,  a jukebox, ATM, coat check, and two pool tables. The back is a permanent fixture for live shows with a stage, a dance floor, booths, and a smaller bar. And it features one of the biggest disco balls ever.There's an outdoor patio in between the two bars that I heard will soon be covered. I didn't pay for drinks but I am guessing by all the overhead -- there were a dozen security guards, and a dozen bartenders and cocktail waitresses -- that drinks will be pricey. I'd go back for live music when they're in full swing to see how it all turned out.
<review# 1463,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2009,9/6/2010,148,101,13,11,12>Stick to the script.Life is full of paradoxes, like an Italian sandwich shop in Marin run by Mexicans serving Philly cheesesteaks that are slathered with Buffalo hot wing sauce. As paradoxes go, however, this one does express a possible truth, which is that these guys know exactly what they're doing. Their formula works, and better than you might think, but don't be too adventuresome - stay on the yellow brick cheesesteak road and don't venture into the unknown. Learn from my mistakes:Take 1: The Half Cheeesteak w/ French FriesEnter no frills, worn down restaurant.Approach all-in-one counter/prep station/kitchen.Order half of a Philly cheesesteak.When prompted for something else, say "No, thank you."Reach for wallet.Catch site of a mound of sliced potatoes...(Hear voice, saying 'fight temptation, fight, fight!')"And an order of fries."('Damn it.')$7.36 in cash changes hands.Sit at a linoleum table and wait.A line forms, other orders are placed.5 mins later, the order is ready.A cheesesteak lies on wax paper in a red plastic basket.Insert hot goodness into pie-hole aaaand...bite.Experience soft, crusty hoagie roll partially soaked in juices.Flavors of sautéed bell peppers, onions, salsa picante, melted provolone.And steak. (Low-grade top round, most likely.)Note ratio of vegetables to bread to meat - compact and consistent.Light on meat, but the balance works.Flavors muted by red sauce.Fries? Potatoes drenched in old oil. Into the garbage bin.  (Stick to the script)Take 2: The Whole Cheesesteak w/o SauceOrder half a sandwich and take a few bites. Hmm...missing something.Reach for a bottle of the sauce aaaand...douse.Order other half of sandwich w/ sauce.Belly distends; food coma.(Stick to the script...blah blah blah)Take 3: The Half Chicken Cheesesteak w/ and w/o SauceShredded lettuce and tomatoes replace peppers and onions.Cool vegetables add an iota of freshness to the sandwich.Ingredient ratio is still spot on.Meat still low quality, but again, masked by confluence of flavors.And red sauce. What IS this sauce. Hmm...Order Buffalo Wings. Mystery solved.Wings greasy, sinewy and tough. Into the bin.(Damn script)Take 4: The PastaFlashback to Middle School cafeteria food.Feed the bin.(Shut up, you, script)Take 5: The Half Cheesesteak w/ Onion RingsSandwich tastes exactly like the first ones.The bread: lightly grilled and fresh.The bread is the key. Bread and sauce and cheese.Onion rings taste exactly like the French fries. Blech. Bin-bound.(#?!%!ing script)Takes 6-10+: JUST The Half CheesesteakMmmm...grub.('Sigh')(Aaaaand...scene.)
<review# 1464,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/31/2010,9/5/2010,47,100,2,15,6>I'm a bit torn on this studio. I agree that it is by far the best in Marin because of the variety of classes, ease to get to and ample parking. Their method of practice is serious and I respect that. The studio itself is warm and inviting and I always leave there fulfilled. YogaWorks is DEFINITELY enhancing my practice, so for that I give 3 stars  I still have to try a number of instructors but the few I have tried are mostly passionate, friendly and nice. HOWEVER, I went to a specific instructor's class last week and was spoken to like a child. He spoke to me in a very rude and condescending way and acted as if it is a privilege to be in his class. Also, they are extremely pushy when it comes to getting you to sign on and it is a turn off!  I understand the quality of instruction you  receive by going to YogaWorks but at the end of the day, even yoga is a service or product. A studio is nothing without fellow Yogis/Yoginis (or customers) Leave your attitude at the door and appreciate that people want to come there and learn. My advice to YogaWorks......Practice what you preach and be kind, encouraging and warm. Isn't that what yoga is all about?
<review# 1465,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2009,9/4/2010,438,66,9,31,13>This school is an amazing place!!As a Psychology student, I have been able to work with professors from Stanford, St. Mary's and more for the same price as any state school!  Not to mention the Psych program is pretty much famous in the US....The main flaw that people say SSU has is that there is "nothing to do"...That is a complete farce!  Get in your car and drive to San Francisco, or to the Ocean....Both of which are less than an hour away...Still too far?  Go wine tasting in the rolling hills of the valley...Eat at famous restaurants in Santa Rosa or Petaluma. Go to Lake Sonoma.  Visit famous bakeries and dessert shops!  Go to one of the hundreds of festivals that take place in the Sonoma area....Hopefully you get my drift?  Thats not even including the on campus activities!  As far as academics go, the class size in the Psych department is super small...Most upper division courses average about 15-30 students in one classroom.  Great experience!  Schedule a tour and come fall in love! :)
<review# 1466,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/30/2009,9/3/2010,27,53,6,7,6>It seems like everyone around here just loves this place. Really? First off, the lack of fries ordeal at Mike's doesn't bother me all that much, but at least have something edible to go with the burger. I have tried this place twice. First time I had the pasta salad on the side which was bland and had a strange flavor that I couldn't quite put my finger on, but in hindsight, it kind of reminded me of vomit. I got the salad the next time and the lettuce was limp and somewhat old. The burgers are average and kind of just remind me of something you'd get at Chili's. I'm not saying that Chili's is great or anything, but at least I can have a few drinks with my meal in order to get a buzz going and build on the experience. Also, when did Harris Ranch beef become something to brag about? I've talked to friends about this place and they always bring up the fact that they use this type of meat. Last time I checked it was mass produced meat that you can find stinking up the I5. I'm not saying this is a horrible place or anything, I'm just saying that it doesn't deserve so much praise or business. Line out the door just because they're making french fries? Come on!
<review# 1467,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2010,9/2/2010,70,223,6,6,4>Love it.  Good food.  Cept that the only menu is written in very small print on a chalk board right up front.  I always get so stressed out trying to decide what to get cause I can't see the darn thing until I get right to the register and by then there are lots of people behind me waiting.  I usually panic and order something i might not normally...which turns out to be ok cause it's gonna be really good.  It can also be hard to find a spot to sit if it's pretty busy.  But that's part of the fun for some...
<review# 1468,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2009,9/1/2010,170,264,2,98,113>Lots and LOTS of great books and very well organized. I can't get over the "honor system" payments! There is a little lock box with the pay rates posted and you just drop in a few bucks for some truly wonderful reads.I  have no idea how this wonderful little find is staying open with tough times like we're experiencing. I do know that none of us should waste our money on brand new books (unless we have to for school, etc), so support your local bookstores and include this one among them!And if you've got books to pass on, the owner doesn't seem discriminatory in the least!
<review# 1469,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2010,8/31/2010,45,118,8,10,9>Gardeners, here's your spot.  Those varieties you've been looking for but can't find - all here.   Wondering if the eggplant you're eying is bothered by wind?  Ask.  Think purple pumpkin is neat?  Pick it up.  Wonder how white tomatoes compare to orange ones?  Inquire within.You need to remember, when shopping here, that each seed makes a whole plant.  Unless you have some serious acreage, exercise restraint.
<review# 1470,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2010,8/30/2010,341,280,5,10,6>Pour out the Hater Ade. Yes the place is slightly outdated but that's why I like it. Every time I eat there it reminds me of my grandparents Anniversary and Birthday dinners when I was young, I LOVE that old mafia feel, and really how can you not love that view? How about Happy Hour 7 days a week? $2- $4 appetizers and awesome bartenders. The food isn't anything special or amazing, but its good and comfortable and I always know its going to be that way. What is wrong with everyone? Its like Santa Rosa culture lol and if you didn't grow up here then I guess you cant really appreciate it in the right way.
<review# 1471,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2011,2/17/2011,259,650,11,11,9>When pigs fly.  When hell freezes over.  When there's peace in the Middle East.That's when I thought I'd say this:  I miss the Financial District.  Not the job or the work but the fact that everything was right at my fingertips, just down 24 floors.Anything I wanted to eat.So now all that is miles away and a lunchtime salad bar is down 3 floors, out to the parking lot, and a  freeway ride to someplace not very nearby.Mollie Stone's salad bar is a-ok if a little expensive.  All of the salad suspects are on-board and fresh.  I wish they had slotted serving spoons instead of tongs in everything 'cause tongs don't let me drain the drippy stuff.  But I quibble; the salad was good and when I went to check out I learned that you can ask for a salad card, soup card, or sandwich card. -  or all three!  Every 7th salad/soup/sammy gets you a freebie, ka-ching!Besides the salad bar, Mollie Stone's has some other things I like:  Freshly prepared sushi as well as a kool cornucopia of gifty-house/kitchen items that I'd be happy to receive for a present,  Anyone listening?The usual grocery store items abound but they're overpriced here so limit yourself to the stuff you can't find elsewhere.  In Marin that'd be a salad bar.
<review# 1472,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2006,2/15/2011,4,41,,5,2>This is a good independent shop, it was not around here till the mid or  late 70's. Before that Sherman Clay was the only place in town. And lesson in Rock and Blues were hard to come by then. But Bananas gave us in Marin a credible dealer who put out the great equipment. Back when the opened one of their salespeople could play the guitar left or right handed without changed string or tuning, he would play great riff right, in one second flip the guitar over and continue on. I have never seen that done since. Today the store is diverse in musical instruments and seemingly a little more corporate. Their prices are up there but the service and attention to customers is the best.  There are new guitar stores opening up everyday, Guitar Center and Sam Ashe Music (east coast) for example. They have prices slightly under BAL. But service and attention while okay are but not up BAL's standard. Four stars is my highest rating. So they top my list and I have played guitar for 35+ years.
<review# 1473,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2010,2/14/2011,4,16,1,2,3>I've tried 5 salons in Mill Valley over the last 2 years as I was still searching for someone to NOT give me chunky ledge layers when I ask for a shoulder length bob with no layers.  Finally I went to Andrew last week and had the best highlights I've ever had in 5 years since leaving England.  I mean the BEST!  Delicate, finely integrated shimmering strands that look (almost) natural.  I still cannot believe how good they look.
<review# 1474,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2009,2/13/2011,67,28,1,7,3>The owner of Table Cafe is a total sweetheart, and she is very committed to local organic seasonal cuisine.  This small cafe is tucked into the corner of a little shopping center in Larkspur. The menu changes daily, but always features a modern take on dosas, a favorite indian food. I give it 5 stars for quality of food, but 4 stars on price and ambience.
<review# 1475,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2010,2/12/2011,103,359,3,6,6>I had a great time at Il Davide. The food is consistently great but the wait can be a bear. Visit the restaurant when you have plenty of time. The risotto and sea bass was excellent and the wine selection is healthy featuring wines from around the world.  Il Davide feels like a modern Italian restaurant in Italy. There is plenty of time to linger and gaze into your sweeties eyes. Be patient, don't rush the experience and enjoy the moment with a glass of Italian wine. The restaurant feels upscale with a beautiful mural on the wall and 2 levels of seating. There is even outdoor seating for summer nights. You'll have a great time if you dine here.
<review# 1476,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2007,2/11/2011,1,16,,1,1>Amazing Eggs Benedict (EG).  For all of you EG lovers, and you know who you are, the sauce is perfect.  Homemade and nobody took a lemon turd in it.  The atmosphere is great, prices aren't too bad, and the Benedict!
<review# 1477,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2009,2/10/2011,59,9,,1,1>I was a patient here for the last  three (3) months for my neck and lower back. My pain had become constant and was significantly interfering with my normal activities. Gabe Metzger, my Therapist, created a custom program for my specific conditions which included exercises and manipulation which has been extremely helpful in alleviating my pain. He also gave me succinct insight into what was causing my condition so that I could understand the root cause and take preventative measures so as not to exasperate my condition.  I have been to several Physical Therapy Clinics over my lifetime and can say without hesitation that MSSPT consistently exceeded my expectations with their professionalism, level of care, and most importantly for me...they gave me the tools/knowledge to return to my normal level of activity. The entire office is great and I can absolutely recommend them!
<review# 1478,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2010,2/9/2011,0,23,,1,2>Hand's down best pizza in Petaluma!  The Bronx is as good as it gets.  We also get a a plain cheese for the kids which has an awesome red sauce with the perfect  spice to it.  I've been looking for a good pizza joint, and now that I've found it, I won't eat anywhere else.  Looking forward to trying the cali -dude burger and el pajaro.   Terrific crust, great sauce (both red and white), this place can't be beat!
<review# 1479,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2011,2/8/2011,45,118,5,8,6>Pretty good!  Really small.  I feel like in general these people are asking for a lot of tin for their modest portions of well-prepared food.  However, the service was enthusiastic and friendly without being creepy or irritating, and it's a nice-looking, comfortable spot with a small (but appropriately so) menu of inviting food.I like a good side dish as much as the next fellow, but friends, let me tell you about Brussels sprouts.  I am aware that this is a character flaw, but generally speaking, I find that Brussels sprouts taste like little pieces of decomposing truck tire.  For under $6, these people will give you Brussels sprouts that I can only describe as FREAKING DELICIOUS.    They have truffled mac and cheese.  I do not approve of fancied-up versions of normal food being sold at an obscene price, and am totally embarrassed to tell you that I ordered it, but it was really, really, really good.  Really really really.If you're smart, you'll order them both and eat them together.I got a very good steak with some rather monotonous white beans, and my husband ordered short ribs with root vegetables, delicious if a little on the meager side.  They could probably work on the entrees a little.  My memory of the entrees was softened, however by delicious, delicious desserts.  You might want to just stop in for dessert and coffee.  OR dessert and coffee after mac and cheese and Brussels sprouts...nobody has to know.
<review# 1480,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2010,2/7/2011,27,13,,2,2>Just moved to Marin this summer and new to distance running.  I learn something about the sport every time I visit the store.  The owner is a great guy, very informative.  Love this place.  My wife and I have both purchased shoes here over the last three months.  We'll be back for any purchases.
<review# 1481,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2013,8/10/2013,25,121,,5,1>I've lived in Terra Linda for over 10 years and whenever I need something hardware related I had to drive all the way to Home Depot or to OSH in downtown San Rafael. Now we have our own local Ace Hardware. It's housed in what used to be a Ponderosa steakhouse. Talk about an upgrade.  Before this store opened up anytime I needed a screw or some paint I'd have to drive all the way downtown. Not anymore.  They have 90% of what you need to get most of the around-your-house jobs done. You still have to go somewhere else to get giant sheets of plywood but seriously how often do you need to? It might be a little bit more expensive but it's so convenient. and finding somebody to answer your questions is not a hassle. I've done a lot of painting around our home in the last few years and I've bought a lot of different brands of paint. Their paint is by far the best. I won't buy paint anywhere else from now on. I'm an Amazon Prime freak and I buy practically everything from them. Sometimes I feel guilty about not supporting local businesses. I feel good about patronizing Ace and I plan on continuing to do so.
<review# 1482,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2013,8/9/2013,9,71,,3,1>Came here a year ago and was impressed with the room (huge, indoor-outdoor, sofas, great) but not the wine.  Visited today and liked many of the wines.  They get grapes from others and make the wine onsite.Tasting is $5 for four whites, or four reds.  The Sauv Blanc from Dry Creek was my favorite white, also liked the oaked Chardonnay.  The Syrah is good, and is making its way into a few restaurant wine lists.  Today, 80 degree afternoon with a cool breeze, sit on the patio, drink wine, and love life.
<review# 1483,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2013,8/8/2013,265,769,1,9,4>I am finally getting around to reviewing Cricklewood, but the Chief Commentator and I have been coming now for a solid six months.   Michael and Lynette are just lovely, and it's so nice to go into a family owned restaurant where everyone treats you as a friend, whether your first visit or or 50th.  Now let's talk about the food and drink.1) Cocktails are great!  G loves ordering their Old Fashions and sometimes a Mannhatten.  They are always well made, and consistent!  I am a sucker for their reasonably priced wine list.  I LOVE LOVE LOVE that they have Marrietta Old Vine and several other mixed reasonably priced (local!) wines on the menu and not everything is big corporate case buys.  They have some higher end wines too, and if you are a real wine snob - bring your own. Corkage is reasonable at $10 a bottle.2)  The french onion is worth the trip alone.  Here is my tip.  Come in, and if they are busy, sit in the bar, but notify the bartender that you would like to order some soup (takes 20 mins) for when your table is ready.  It's broth is meaty, with perfect onions, and just the right amount of cheese..  and yes - I throw all my table manners out the window and pick every last spot of cheese off the bowl.  Delish.3)  We've had the onion rings, the hot wings, and the tempura veggies - they are good, but in all honesty, the main dishes are so much more amazing - I don't really like filling up on these.  I will say it's nice during happy hour, there is one 'special' app of the day at a discount, so if you are starvin' marvin' and can't wait, give it a go. 4) Salad - this is the one part that Cricklewood could work on.  (although not enough to lose a star, but I hope when we come back, it's improved on)  We have been during the week, and when we've ordered, we have had a nice, tossed salad (all the dressings are really really good) BUT - the 3 times we have dined on a Friday or Saturday night, it was apparent that the salads had been pre-made (although not pre-dressed) and stacked on top of one another in the fridge for easy service.    The salads looked disheveled, and it was a little bit of a disappointment.  I've worked in restaurants most of my life, it only takes a few seconds to toss together a salad.  A second solution would be, to change your salad plates to salad bowls so they stack better and don't squash everything.  5) Sides - order a side of sauteed mushrooms with anything and everything.  Just do it.  Go there.  and when you finish, dip your bread in the remaining butter drizzle.  You can thank me later. 6)  Potatoes - every time we have come, we've had the baked potato with EVERYTHING - that's right, fresh chives, and did I mention BACON - yes...  yummy delish BACON.   It could be a meal by itself.7) Protein -  The first time I ordered the Lamb Chops.  They were so go, I have ordered them several more times.  You get 3 large cut chops in the order, cooked however you like them (I got mine Medium Rare, and they were perfect to my specification.)  We have also tried the 22 ounce Prime Rib  - Which was amazing!  The meat was perfectly cooked, and the seasoning was just the right amount of salty.  I can't not say something here about the Horseradish - if you like hot, order the straight, it's spicy, in the best way.We stumbled upon something else here on our trips - Prime Rib Bones.  They are reasonable, and come in several order choices, with enough meat to knock you back in your seat.   I love the idea, and love the concept.  I personally hate BBQ sauce which they are slathered in, so the last time, I ordered them with no extra sauce (although they still had some on from soaking while baking, I was able to wipe 90% of it off)  These are really really fun, and the kids even enjoy coming and getting these!  - and don't forget the big doggie treat bags for the bones to go home to the fur children.We have never made it to dessert here.  One day perhaps, since I have a free chocolate mouse for checking in here stored on my yelp.. :0)  My last bit of advice to the owners is this:  You have amazing food, I love the charm of the restaurant.  Besides my comment about about the salad bowls, you may want to consider over time changing up your plates.  Your food is beautiful, but when it comes out on dinnerware that has the same fleck pattern as Denny's it does detract from the presentation.  This isn't going to change my coming here.. but just say'in I know there are enough food snobs that this would be a deal breaker for. (hmm.. maybe that's good?  more prime rib bones for me? )To everyone else.  Come here. OFTEN.  Eat here.  Drink here.  Have fun here with your friends.  They are very accommodating of large parties, and 10 year old birthdays.  Love, love love it!  Oh and Kudos to only serving pop with REAL SUGAR!
<review# 1484,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2012,8/7/2013,8,41,,1,1>My brother turned me on to this place in Fairfax and I had a great time. It has a rather wierd set-up with the bar dominating, but the atmosphere is very casual and young. Hipsters abound and for good reason. The service from the owner was very friendly and her food was simple yet extremely creative. A very interesting wine list compliments the artistic foods and samples. We had a great time and the buzz got pretty loud, so don't come here to relax, but rather come here to meet people and have an exceptional flavor experience. It's a wine bar that doesn't copy the french style, but succeeds in having an ambiance and still keeps it's bohemian location authentic.
<review# 1485,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2013,8/6/2013,25,1,,3,2>Had a late dinner with my wife at II Davide last night after a tough day and everything was perfect!!  David and his staff gave us the warmest welcome to our new city, San Rafael, all night.  We sat outside, next to a beautiful fire and listened to the entertainment of the farmers market down the street.  We thoroughly enjoyed the wine David recommended, calamari to start, then I had the best chicken and mushroom soup ever (remember the happiness in the Seinfeld soup episode? It was kinda like that);  my wife had the risotto and I had the braised short rib.  Cup of vanilla ice cream and a port for dessert.  A fantastic meal and outstanding customer service.  Will definitely be back
<review# 1486,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2013,8/5/2013,431,328,3,11,7>Newtons Law of Fitness Club (NLFC for short) is like a fancy gym with all the bells and whistles except said bells and whistles are all directly geared toward fitness. It's like crossfit, trx, kettlebells, personal training and anything else you could possibly fathom all in one-- but better. I've never been genuinely excited to go to the gym before, particularly in the early mornings (which is all that my schedule will allow). However the way Travis and Jaret (the Newton brothers) run  the place I feel motivated to not only come but also give it all I've got. It's a unique coaching ability they both have that pushes me like other trainers and crossfit gyms haven't been able to do. I go in excited for each day and ready to push my limits. And on that note, each day is completely different. That's my absolute favorite part! They've recently moved into a larger space to accommodate larger class sizes but it's never been too large of a group. Even if it was, both of these guys are so thorough it would still feel like a private or small group session. I'm seeing results slowly but surely from training here, which after training at various crossfit gyms and fancy private training with minimal results is impressive. My top favorite thing about NLFC is that it's such a positive way to start my day. Everyone pushes each other and you push your own limits in a way that is nothing short of exhilarating. My only gripe is that I wished my hectic schedule allowed me to come everyday. You've got to get your butt down here and try it and trust me you'll be hooked!
<review# 1487,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2013,8/4/2013,25,76,3,4,3>What can I say Ilda is wonderful and she does a great job! I have been coming to Hair of an Angel for about 3 years now and I have not been disappointed. The service is great and the location is pretty good and there is plenty of parking! The salon is very clean and inviting and makes you feel at home! Ilda does a great job listening to what you want and then offers her professional advice and makes things happen. Granted Im pretty easy to do my hair but its always a nice to feel welcomed and at ease when your getting your hair cut. Besides who doesn't like a great conversation while your getting your hair cut! Definitely a must if you are looking for a great hair cut!!
<review# 1488,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2012,8/3/2013,2488,142,,2,4>I love Marin County and if I had money now, that is where I would choose to live. I had the good fortune to live in Mill Valley years ago and became familiar with San Rafael as well.Aroma Cafe is a funky, fairly healthy, charming place, very Marin County. Lots of menu items and I love their Grilled Gruyere and Ham sandwich. All their home made soups are delicious.What makes Aroma especially welcoming to me is the sofa that they have in the far back. I've sat with many female friends there and it makes being affectionate quite comfortable.I've also met a number of blind dates there too!It's right next to the Rafael Film Center theater and is the perfect place for movie and lunch or dinner!There are very many nice food choices available on Fourth Street in San Rafael. I consider Aroma Cafe as my first choice for most occasions!Review 0056
<review# 1489,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2013,8/2/2013,170,264,,3,2>Yummy roasted pork, horchata, take out in great boxes, compostable containers, friendly staff, clean interior, fun posters... These words were notes I took while I bookmarked my review to finish later, but I think it sums it up perfectly and I need to get myself to this place again soon for lunch.
<review# 1490,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2013,8/1/2013,26,164,,7,5>Fabulous Persian food, friendly service.  I had the most wonderful jujeh kabab from Kababbq.  Light fluffy rice, yummy bbq tomato, tender/tasty chicken and a nice appetizer of kashke bademjan (eggplant).  It's sad that this is the only Persian (or Afghani) restaurant left in Marin, and that it is in such an out of the way little spot!  Wish they were on Fourth Street or some other main street in Marin to get the business they deserve. We used to have a good number of them.  I will be a loyal customer of Kababbq.  Kheli hoshmazeh! (Very delicious)!
<review# 1491,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2014,9/8/2014,396,233,9,11,15>I really like this restaurant! Casual yet sophisticated with a gorgeous view of the bay. The only thing that sucks about this restaurant is there is no Valet!!!!!!!! OMG I wore my Christian Louboutin So Kates and walked from the public parking lot to the restaurant. I am a trooper! After my (somewhat) elegant strut I definitely deserved the "Violet" cocktail I ordered right after we were promptly seated ; ) Service is good here. Everyone was nice, polite and prompt which gave the entire place a really relaxed vibe. We had the flatbread and umami ribs to start. OMG the ribs are everything. My date had the swordfish and I was naughty and had the risotto. The risotto was perfection, the swordfish was alright. The dessert! We had the butterscotch pudding with a scoop of salted caramel ice cream. Excellent!
<review# 1492,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2014,9/7/2014,141,176,2,6,5>OMG, how have I NOT written a review for this place!I've been coming here for at least 4 years and LOVE it!The veggies are always what's in season and super fresh. You can get olive oil, 20+ year aged red wine vinegar (which is usually super fruity to the smell), local cheese, aged meat cuts (frozen), and even fire wood. How can you not love this place? The service is wonderful (try to bring your own bags - they now charge 10 cents each and that includes the veggie bags) and there is nothing to complain about this place. Well, except in the Winter the whole area surrounding and driving up to this place is muddy from the rain. So no sports or lowered cars, or rather drive in at your own risk.Every time I go back there is some product available at rock bottom prices that I just have to have! For example, for years a full jar of the red wine vinegar was $3, now it's $5. I mean ... who the heck can beat that?!They have later open hours too. Open till 6 pm. I say, get in!!! Go out of your way! You'll find something you love!Last time I was there (a few weeks ago) I picked up kale, collard greens, baby artichokes (finally found a way to prepare those perfectly - hit me up for it), rainbow chard, red wine vinegar with a new jar, fresh woody savory bundle, and a bottle of olive oil (Yes, a dollar an ounce) for $16. This year it's so peppery you need to use it sparingly!The costs are going up but totally worth it.
<review# 1493,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2014,9/6/2014,78,122,1,9,4>Um... Can I move in here?! This place is AMAZING!First of all, when you think of Coddingtown mall you don't usually think of gourmet Asian food with a modern twist. But Sea Noodle Bar manages to set itself apart from the mall despite being there. In fact, my boyfriend and I kept making comments about how amazed we were with the modern, cozy ambiance and outdoor seating. Let's start with the food because I'm craving it just thinking about it. It's quite clear that everything is made to order and the ingredients are extremely fresh. My drunken man noodle bowl was the best I've ever had (I loved the incorporation of cilantro) and my boyfriend's coconut soup (I'm a self proclaimed Tom Kha enthusiast) was at the top of my charts as well (adding noodles makes the dish so much more satisfying). I honestly plan to try everything on the menu because I had the hardest time choosing what I wanted. The rice bowls look incredible too! The wine and beer list was also impressive and I'd say about 80% of it was all local which I loved. Their beers on tap included St. Florian's which is very local and their wine list had some Paradise Ridge wines as well! And our service was excellent. Out server Micah was very accommodating, friendly and helpful when we were struggling to make a choice on all of the incredible sounding dishes. I will be back... a LOT!
<review# 1494,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2014,9/5/2014,95,108,4,6,6>I eat here often for work lunches and it is really tasty food! Sometimes the service is a little slow but it is always friendly and courteous. I generally end up ordering the pumpkin curry lunch that comes with spring rolls. So delicious and I tell myself it is healthy since it's all veggies. I usually ask for it to be cooked a little bit longer then they normally do because, well, the pumpkin and green beans can be a little on the al dente side if you know what I mean. They also always make it spicy when I ask, which I appreciate. When I say spicy, I mean spicy!I have had friends tell me their drunken noodles are super tasty. The Thai Iced Tea is a must every time I go, and the thai iced coffee is also delicious. I will definitely continue to make this one of my regular lunch spots!
<review# 1495,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2014,9/4/2014,94,166,4,13,11>The Secret Kitchen is tucked away behind Agius Market at the corner of Bodega and Eucalyptus Road (across from Skillman Lane) and likely won't be a secret for long because their food is outstanding!!!   They do Latin and Asian cuisine and do it well.  (The Asian and Latin fusion food trucks in SF have nothing on Secret Kitchen.)...and the down-home outdoor seating atmosphere is hard to beat.   With three in our party we tried just about everything on the menu.  We ordered the:1) Korean BBQ Chicken Taco2) Citrus Pork Taco3) Chili Con Carne4) Bahn Mi Sandwich5) Black Bean Tamale6) Curry Rice Bowl7) Pupusa (which was on the little 'specials' board to the left of the window.8) Sweet Spiced Ice TeaI can't pick out one item that was best because everything was incredible....seriously, even right now, looking over that list trying to narrow down my favorite, I can't.  There isn't anything on that list that I don't crave more of...RIGHT NOW!!!  But I will say this, if I want to test out new place's mettle, I always go for the Bahn Mi.  Just about anyone can make a good Bahn Mi, so if a place can do it spectacularly, I'm willing to try just about anything else on the menu.  Secret Kitchen's Bahn Mi is the best I have had north of SF...and is one the best I've ever had.  (Part of the draw for this particular sando is the bread - they use Full Circle Bread out of Penngrove and it is so good and so distinctive that I guessed whose bread it was before we even asked.  The warm, crisp, flaky, sweetness is perfect for a Bahn Mi.   Most Bahn Mi's I've had are served cold so this is a nice treat because it was served warm.)The Tacos are very distinctive and have complex (and delicious) flavors.  And if you haven't had a Pupusa, this is your chance.  (Pupusas are Salvadoran stuffed masa flatbreads - kind of like a grilled cheese sando from south of the boarder, only better because the bread is replaced with a pancake of sorts.)  We love them and get them whenever we can and are thrilled to have such great ones so close to home.  (The sweet spiced iced tea (yup...'spiced iced') complements all of their dishes nicely.)The chef had a food truck in the past and so she knows how to turn out the food quickly.  While we were standing around figuring out the last couple of items we were going to order she already had our first items ready to go.  They use local ingredients and although I didn't find out much about it, it appears that they do catering too and are in the process of launching a food truck.  They are primarily a pick-up (to-go) place but you can hang out at a couple of picnic tables and grub down on-site, if you wish.  We covered a picnic table with all our items and found the atmosphere to be quite friendly and communal.  New customers were constantly seeking out our advice (probably because we had a table full of food) and we kept telling them to get whatever they wanted because it was all great.   And lo and behold, just like most of our Petaluma experiences, this proved once again that if you live in Petaluma for any amount of time, you are really only one person away from knowing everyone.  Sure enough, we ended up talking to a woman from Tomales, who we later found out is the daughter-in-law of someone we know out there.  Miracle of miracles is that we AND our guest loved the food, which rarely happens because we have such different tastes.  She was so excited about the food that she is planning on returning tomorrow with her daughter, who loves this kind of food.Petaluma is all about the small town feel and when it comes to food, we only accept the best.  Secret Kitchen certainly carries on these traditions and we look forward to visiting them many, many, many more times to come.
<review# 1496,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2014,9/3/2014,71,124,3,6,4>It's tough to find a Barber Shop that has a great price and people that know what they are doing. I hate it when I pay for a hair cut and end up going home and fixing it myself. Search is over guys. This place is reasonable (I paid $19 for mens haircut), entertaining (plasma tv's and sometimes has a live DJ), walk-ins welcome, friendly, and does a good job. What's great is that it's not just one barber; I've had three different barbers and they've all did a good job. Anyone can cut hair, but These guys understands. For ex: I said I wanted a Faux Hawk with a combover look with a size 1 on the sides and it was done. Most people will act like they know, but take 30-45mins, miss a few strands of hair, fade too high or too low, and worst case not even have what you asked for. These guys are up to date with the current styles and what people expect. They also know how to taper. Definitely a spot for a hair cut and plan to go back.
<review# 1497,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2014,9/1/2014,170,264,1,5,6>Tried all the Spring Hill organic cheese samples & came home with garlic curds. Sat with one of their spinach salads outside for a little curbside picnic. I love a girl who tells me when I've got greens stuck in my teeth & one of their employees was kind enough to do it. I'll be back to hang out a little longer with some workstuff since there's wi-fi.
<review# 1498,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2014,8/31/2014,177,143,1,5,4>Korbel has so much going for them!  Not only do they have tasty bubbly--and a variety at that!--but they also have beautiful grounds that includes a deli, complete with a lookout over their vineyard.I love the Rouge, a bubbly red wine with a sweet hint.  My husband swears by the Natural.  Oh yeah, did I say that the tasting are complimentary?!  They also have a pretty big tasting room, so squeezing a group in has never been a problem.The river isn't far either.  Grab a bottle and head that way (after pouring it into plastic, of course)!
<review# 1499,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2014,8/30/2014,26,304,4,5,3>We were so delighted to find this place.  We came here on a Saturday evening for our 'date night'.  The food is a very innovative blend of Danish and German with a modern perspective.  We had a dinner of several appetizers - flatbread pizza, Danish meatballs, calamari, lobster crab puff, and a banger along with an incredible bottle of wine.  This is a delicious place with very good pricing...the kind of place where you can drop by mid-week for a casual dinner.  The service was very friendly and attentive.  We are looking forward to going back to breakfast.
<review# 1500,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2014,8/29/2014,9,88,1,5,4>I've worked with all of the acupuncturists here and I think they are all very good at their job.I've been going here for a little over a month for neck pain and to help with fertility.  I was actually skeptical that this would work but I figured it couldn't hurt.It worked! I just found out I'm pregnant and I no longer have neck pain! Their costs are very reasonable and the setting is calming.  I highly recommend this place for all of your acupuncture needs.
<review# 1501,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2014,8/28/2014,2488,142,6,16,18>Yongewa Kitchen prominently states they are a Tibetan Restaurant! Not just a Himalayan or Nepalese restaurant. Most cross over to Indian food, but Yongewa is a Tibetan restaurant that crosses over to Chinese food. Got all that? *smile*Let me just say, I Love the food and atmosphere in this restaurant!I have frequented all the previous tenants of this location. Prior was a pizza restaurant, Brixx Pizzeria for a few years. Before that, Nicolino's italian restaurant which was here for maybe fifteen or more years? Even before that was a restaurant simply named Mediterranean. As wonderful as Nicolino's was, Yongewa Kitchen just knocks it out of the park!There is so much character and uniqueness from the generous use of Tibetan cultural colors, symbols, textiles and pictures throughout the restaurant. But I do not feel that it is overdone. It seems just right. The menu appears largely a Chinese food list of dishes with a couple handfuls of Tibetan named dishes. What surprised me with my Chicken with Mushrooms and Snow Peas plus Chow Mein was that this Chinese dish tasted unusually good! I am not able to specify what slightly different spices or oils were used to accomplish this. Only that it tasted better than the same dish I've had countless times at traditional Chinese restaurants before. Same deal with their Hot 'n Sour Soup! Something noticeably different and delicious! Just can't put my finger on it.What was obvious to me was that the owner/chef prepared my dish with a great deal of love! Maybe that is the secret ingredient! I think they were happy when I mentioned that I had some Tibetan heritage in my ethnic background.In Rohnert Park, we have a Himalayan/Nepalese restaurant, Shangri-La. We also have a coffee house serving coffee grown in Nepal, named Himalayan Beanz. In Sebastopol there is an nice Himalayan/Indian restaurant, Himalayan Tandoori & Curry House. I also go out of my way to find great Himalayan restaurants all over the Bay Area.Of all these other restaurants, only Yongewa serves Tibetan Butter Tea. It is my most favorite hot drink ever! It reminds me of other lifetimes of peace and contentment. Tibetan Butter Tea is not a Chai. It actually has a little butter in it. Tibetan Butter Tea is tonic for my soul!I think what touched me most of all was seeing the children of the owners moving about through the Tibetan cloth curtains and how they turned and smiled at me. One of the members of the family, Tenzin, was extraordinarily kind to me and he even sat with me for a while at my table to talk.I love Shangri-La food in Rohnert Park. I also love Tiny Thai food in Cotati. Now I have a new favorite, charming, excellent food place to fill my tummy and soul. It is called Yongewa Kitchen in Cotati.Review 0124
<review# 1502,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2014,8/27/2014,38,137,4,3,3>My friend said, "let's go where the old people go." He meant La Toscana. I said, "old as in Marin Joe's?" He said, "older." Not that there's anything wrong with that! ;)I thought I remembered a date there circa 1979.  I had a vague memory of dark booths and Veal Marsala. It was in the middle geographically (I was in Petaluma and he was in Mill Valley) and I still sometimes like that old style Italian vibe so we made a date.    The same old sign was in front. What a pleasant surprise when I walked in! La Toscana has been completely renovated. It may be under new management. It was completely different than we thought it would be.  The interior is updated and airy but still warm. Nice porch for indoor/outdoor dining and group functions.   Even the menu has been revamped and brought up to date. We wanted lightish but with protein. I had the lamb chop salad. Delicious, perfectly done lollipop chops come atop a mound of perfectly dressed fresh spinach with red onion, creamy feta, tomatoes and Kalamata olives. Wow. There were two chops. Next time we'll offer to pay extra for two more. They were yummy.  Steve had a chicken avocado and greens salad that was almost as impressive. A side of real old fashioned garlic bread rounded out the carbs.   I thoroughly enjoyed the experience. Our waiter was attentive and competent. We will be back!
<review# 1503,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2014,8/26/2014,88,77,8,15,12>Come here if you'd like an All-American dining experience with a splash of class in your glass. PROS- specialty burger + vino pairing suggestions- truffle fries = on point- large portions, enough to share or indulge your inner-piggyNote: All about the beef. I ordered a crab bacon burger and received a towering masterpiece: crab salad cradled in a bacon cup, balanced atop a thick beef patty. Ain't nobody's mouth big enough for that. Enough for lunch and dinner.
<review# 1504,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2014,8/25/2014,139,364,2,6,4>Went with a buddy for lunch last week. The tuna tartare starter was good but didnt blow me away. My friend said his fish tacos were good and I really enjoyed my calamari salad. It was presented perfectly and dressed nicely with a creamy non over powering dressing. The calamari was cooked to perfection which is something I always admire when not breading and frying it. Our service was great and I think its nice they include the gratuity into your bill to take the guesswork away from it.I'll be back as I;ve heard the brunch is pretty amazing at this place.Thanks Pullman, you rock!
<review# 1505,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2014,8/24/2014,90,112,12,12,11>The name says it all. Appropriately named Hole in the Wall Restaurant, it is indeed a hole in the wall, tucked in a tiny corner behind a row of stores. It is hard to find, well hidden behind Starbucks and not visible from Gravenstein Hwy in Sebastopol. The town is funky, well known for its small town charm and the many eclectic and unique stores and restaurants. The cafe is small and can barely accommodate 30 people. Decor is bare bones in an L shaped configuration w/ an open kitchen. As the name suggests, there are nothing fancy or lavish. Local folks come and go to enjoy their favorite meals in a neighborhood cafe regardless of the time of day. Ambiance is not their primary concern, so it lacks the glamour or pizzazz of an upscale place while still giving  a memorable dining experience. The server, Adrienne, was delightful. She practically ran the whole show singlehandedly and yet was able to provide prompt and attentive service. This review is for dinner only although breakfast seemed to be more popular. We shared a bowl of warm burgundyish colored borscht ($10.00). The main ingredient was the beets, both red and golden. The stock was made from braising short ribs for hours. The other standard ingredients were shredded cabbage, potatoes and a dollop of sour cream. Surprisingly, the borscht was"tastefully" bland after my first few sips. There was no immediate explosion of flavors of any kind. Instead, as I got more of the broth, the blandness was slowly giving way to a subtle beefy flavor.  I swear I didn't add any salt, pepper or Tabasco but only gently stirring the  sour cream. The overall taste wasn't mind blowing but hearty enough to hit the spot w/ the dreary weather outside. It came w/ crostini bread sliced thin, drizzled w/ olive oil and sprinkled w/ salt. The portion was big enough to be a meal by itself.The dinner choices were somewhat limited since we didn't care for a sandwich or burger for dinner. We selected and shared the 2 pasta dishes in the menu and they were quite different from each other. The first was a penne pasta cooked el dente in a rich and heavy Curry Coconut milk and cream sauce ($10.00) w/ cranberries, carrots, broccoli, snow peas and tomatoes. Toasted almonds were sprinkled on top. It seemed to me that this dish was Thai inspired. Coconut added such a distinct flavor and awesome tartness to the dish. W/ the sweetness of the cranberries, the crunchiness of the toasted almonds, these flavors balanced well w/ the curry and the penne. The negative....it was sinfully rich and I was plagued by my own guilty conscience.Who doesn't love angel hair pasta especially when cooked in white wine? The Tomato Basil Pasta ($9.50) was clearly a healthier option compared w/ the penne. It had fresh basil and garlic, sauteed roma tomatoes, olive oil and white wine tossed w/ angel hair. This  was our favorite comfort dish, simple and yet tasty. Angel hair is akin to the Asian vermicelli and a little sprinkling of chili crushed peppers did just fine to spice up the dish and gosh no sriracha please! We added some grilled prawns ($5.00) for a little variety.The dessert stole the show. The unanimous choice was Spiced Apples wrapped in a hot crepe and drizzled w/ caramel sauce ($7.50). This stuffed crepe was like an apple pie at its finest....a French dessert and traditional American dessert combined in one. The crepe was perfectly done w/ a soft texture and slightly crunchy edges. Stuffing the crepe w/ sliced apples coated w/ sugar and cinnamon was the ultimate!
<review# 1506,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2014,8/23/2014,352,403,4,5,6>I don't have a bicycle, but I do like beer.Did you know that Brustop has a small bar in the back of their shop where you can grab a pint of any of the 4 local beers on tap?  What a great idea!After a happy hour at Finnegan's and dinner at Mi Pueblo, a friend and I came across Bicycle Brustop well after their closing hours (9pm).  Some of the employees were still in the shop hanging out after work, and they opened their doors to us to show us around.  Very cool!  If you're into bikes and riding, you should swing by and have a look around.  It's probably a good idea to come in and have a look around, so you know what's on tap.
<review# 1507,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2014,8/22/2014,113,126,5,7,5>First of all, this place isn't going to be for everyone.  It's the best coffee spot in West Santa Rosa.  Period.  Their coffee roaster is amazing.  You're gonna get a truly European style coffee here.  They do personalized drips.  Their Aztec Mocha has the right balance of dark chocolate and chili.They're in the coolest location with plenty of indoor and outdoor seating.They have a highly trained staff.  (all staff gets trained at the flagship store in Healdsburg for 2 weeks prior to working here).  In my view, Starbucks gets 5 stars for consistency and 2-3 stars for quality.  This place gets 5 stars for consistency and 4-5 stars for quality.  Their prices are 30-40 cents higher than Peet's but worth twice as much.Way better than another coffee shop which regularly kicks out patrons for pluggin in their computers.The laid back attitude of the staff does not translate to a lackadaisical attitude to coffee.  They are doing a fantastic job here.They have breakfast scones which are really delightful.They can seem like they're trying too hard sometimes, but they're really not.  The commitment to excellence in coffee is refreshing.Parking is a mess.  Little bit of a scene here.  Like the who's who of Santa Rosa.  Their recent remodel is perfect.  They've reversed their floor plan allowing twice as many people in.  Try it, you'll be back.
<review# 1508,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2014,8/21/2014,97,98,5,8,7>This is where Formal Dining meets Family Dinning!Briefly:Ambiance: 4Economy: 5 (I would rank it higher, but it's  a 5 star system :) )Food: 4.5Wine Selection: 5Service: 5Ambiance:La Gare is a Santa Rosa staple. My family has been going since well before I was born and we continue to go regularly to this day. It is a nice mix of formality and casual elegance.  It can be on the louder side for formal restaurants, but I don't think it is too bad.Economy:It is very inexpensive for the quality and quantity your getting. For starters, most entrees include soup and salad! That is unheard of today in fine dinning. Also, the prices are under $50 for even the finest cuts of beef (compare that with Starks, I dare you!). Food:Excellent! Everything I try is amazing. From the Frog Legs and Escargot to the Ribeye Steak will be a delight to your senses. I would say that the formality and quality of the food is not quite Madrona Manor or French Laundry, but it still does not disappoint. Wine Selection:You ask fro Rafanelli or Rodney Strong and they say "but of course"! That is my judge of a wine selection. Now, they have many other wonderful wines and a lot of them are from Sonoma County, but when they have your favorites why settle for anything less!Service:This is the "family dinning" aspect I referenced above. The wait staff is formal and respectful, but they are also real and friendly.  There is no snobbiness or stuck up air about the place. It is friendly and elegant!
<review# 1509,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2014,8/20/2014,15,77,1,6,6>FREE tastings!  This is one of the friendliest places to taste wine in Sonoma.  Here is the deal - you get to taste 5 wines for free, but they will throw in a few more if you are wondering about other wines.  The winery is rich with history - the original Italian family had 13 children, and 2 of those came to this country and eventually developed the Jacuzzi business.  When that business was sold, the family purchased this winery and Cline Cellars across the road.  I especially enjoyed a Bellini made with their prosecco and peach puree vinaigrette.   Apparently, this concoction was invented by no other than Ernest Hemingway!  It's a great place to visit and bring out-of-town guests to.  They have a lovely courtyard with plenty of seating for you and your friends/family to sit and enjoy some wine.  Also, they have a fantastic olive oil tasting.
<review# 1510,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2014,8/19/2014,6,15,5,7,7>I would give this place 10 stars if I could. They are awesome. Best selection of anywhere in Sonoma County. They go out of their way and travel around CA to find the best beers that arent distributed normally.On top of having an awesome list of beers in stock, they also just opened a tap room, which is amazing.The only bad things about it are parking, and the fact that now it is becoming more popular, there are always a lot of people.Everyone working there is great! Love them! I would highly recommend checking it out if you are a craft beer fan.
<review# 1511,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2014,7/28/2014,64,113,3,5,4>I wanted to give them 5 stars... and I will say the food is Really Good! hubby got the burrito smothered it rich gravy. I opted for the basic meal - 2 eggs over easy, sausage (with fennel), whole grain toast and tots. Now I did expect the tots to be something other than actual school lunch style tots, but I guess I should've asked. Regardless we both cleaned our plates and were stuffed.Now the lack of that 5th star came from 2 points that are just a little sensitive to me, the cup size and the service. These two things happen to tie together in this case. Honey got OJ and I got coffee. He ordered a Large OJ, and it came in a quite small glass, my coffee cup was cute and dainty. Both of which might have been fine if we were ever offered refills. OJ was gone before the food came out and my coffee was gone just after. The girl was busy with other customers so aside from getting up to get it myself or actually whistling for her we were stuck without. They got the food down, everyone in there seemed quite happy, I love the space and could see this place becoming a great little spot.
<review# 1512,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2014,7/27/2014,53,150,1,5,4>A few years ago I was lucky enough to spend 2 months living in India and learned to love chaat and all things about Indian cuisine. I became a huge fan of dosas and vegetarian thalis which are common in southern India.  I now count myself blessed to have a quality Indian restaurant in my own neighborhood that can make excellent dosas and also has a variety of great Indian food on the menu.  This place has plenty of classic Indian dishes to sample and try.  The masala dosa is excellent; with all its spicy potatoes, peas and curry that holds it together.  The spinach and lamb dosa is also quite delicious.  To top it off  I usually get a delicious mango lassi or  masala chai for dessert too.  The place is run by a friendly family who know most of the regulars and are always ready with top-notch service with a smile.  It's worth a stop if you find yourself in San Rafael and are craving delicious southern Indian food.
<review# 1513,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2014,7/26/2014,0,56,2,9,7>I've had this place bookmarked for a while and finally went in for the first time last week. I'm not sure why it took me so long to go in, it's totally worth driving up and down Petaluma blvd. to find parking.It's an unassuming little shop that's more of a hallway than anything. It's in the same building as Zodiacs (where Kodiak Jacks used to be), the door on the right leads you to it. The sitting area is inside the bar but they have some tables and booths set up to accommodate but I prefer to take my juice to go. I wasn't impressed by the decor but I was impressed by the juice. I LOVE that it's all organic and all done in house. There are smoothies, juices, nut milks, coffee, and smoothie bowls. Smoothie bowls? Are you kidding me!? They're awesome and that's all I can say. I was impressed by how many options they had and how many things were new to me. Most juice places don't impress me because I can just make it at home but I would go out of my way to go here. I've tried the Strawberry Cashew Milk, the Green Heart smoothie, and the Choco-nana smoothie bowl. I'm very interested in trying cold press coffee, it's less acidic and has a better flavor but I'm currently no caffeine so I'll have to wait a few months to try it (it gives me a solid excuse to keep coming back).Their products are a bit pricey but, as always, you pay for the quality you get and this place has great organic juice. I've turned a few friends and my mother onto this place. As avid smoothie junkies and coffee lovers I can see it becoming a regular place for us.
<review# 1514,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2014,7/25/2014,246,160,,7,4>Walking in from the parking lot, I expected this place to be very "hole in the wall"ish. And while it has that vibe, the large space and numerous pool tables provides a great and welcoming atmosphere. As a beer lover myself, this place had such a wide selection of beers on tap, it was hard to choose one! For the beer not so lovers or the gluten intolerant, they do have angry orchard and a few other hard ciders... or just stick to pool!I'm not a huge pool player, but with the right group of people to hang out with, this is a great place for people to hang out.
<review# 1515,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2014,7/24/2014,156,1159,4,3,4>When you want to discover wines made by the "garagistes" and low volume labels, this is a primo spot.  Mostly local wines, but some imports, too.Space is partnered with Pane & Vino.  Best breadsticks I've ever tasted.  Also the house made salamis are ultra-premium.Nice folks own & operate.Wine tasting by appointment only.
<review# 1516,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2014,7/23/2014,131,92,3,6,5>Yummy clam chowder and great crab sandwiches. Crab cakes only on the weekends and they sell out quickly. We have been coming here for years after hiking the head. Sandwiches have gotten smaller over the years but it is all crab and still delicious.The seating is outdoors. If they are closing soon, you can walk across the street and sit on tables by the water.
<review# 1517,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2014,7/22/2014,51,222,3,7,3>DUDE!!!My co-workers and I came here for lunch today, I got the BBQ pork bahn mi, and a chicken pad thai... SOOOOO LEGIT!!!!The flavor, and portion, and price was all on point... bahn mi was only $4.99!!! sandwich looked kinda pinner at first glance, but once I started to tear into it, they hooked it up... all the meat to veggie amounts were set up just right... and the sauce was perfect... wish it was a little bit more spicy. But its all good...
<review# 1518,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2014,7/21/2014,16,64,1,7,3>Two words: Hidden Gem.  I've driven by this place more times than I can count, but while visiting Bodega Bay this past weekend on one of the most gorgeous days I've ever seen in my life out there (in January no less--the upside of a drought) we decided to stop by.  I'm glad we did--we walked in and saw some great wines and decided to do 2 wine flights.  $10 each, but the pours are fair and you get to sit on the back patio and overlook the bay.  For 1 hour of our time and 6 little glasses/tastes of wine I would say it's money well spent.  The wines they have for sale are a good selection--yes they are not a "good deal" but they aren't unfairly priced either.  It's a small wine shop in Bodega Bay, it's not a big box store in the middle of a large town.  Well worth the stop next time you're driving through town!
<review# 1519,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2013,7/20/2014,0,7,,3,4>Knowledgeable staff and a good selection.  They have an acoustic guitar room with Martins, Guild, Taylors, the great American guitars.  The electric guitar selection has a deep range of brands and quality so you can find something to start as well as some truly fine instruments. I came once with a student and got the hard sell but that only happened once, the many other times I've been there the staff has been helpful in finding the right thing at the right price.   Good selection of electronic keyboards and accessories.  The drum room is much more complete than at many music stores.  If you want to avoid the chain stores, ok the chain store, go here!
<review# 1520,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2014,7/19/2014,45,118,5,9,6>Well, well, well!  What a delicious bit of brunch we had at old Topsy's!  We (the husband and I) had no dads to celebrate with, so we wandered into Topsy's on a "father, guide my sword" type of feeling, and got the last unreserved table on Father's Day.  Overall, I offer you an enthusiastic recommendation to report there for breakfast or lunch at your earliest convenience.We had three delightful maple-bacon crullers, handmade and warm and salty-sweet.  Three is the correct number; four would have been agony, two would have caused the weeping of love unrequited.  Three:  precisely enough.Husband had The Kitchen Sink, which is what he orders everywhere - hotcakes, bacon, eggs, toast, etc...they kindly put it all together to save us having fourteen little plates of the various components.  The syrup choices were maple and some sort of brown sugar business that should be reserved for people who can prove they have self discipline (thankfully, that restriction is not in place).Now, I am always honest with you, cherished readers, so I will disclose that the chicken fried steak, which was on the special celebratory menu, was a bit tough.  It tasted delicious in every possible way, superlative crust, gravy less traditional but certainly top notch, but the meat itself was more longshoreman than I'd prefer.  That did not stop me from devouring it.  Nay, sirs, not at all.The purists among you might have joined my husband in objecting to the use of the term "latke" to refer to a round bit of hashbrowns.  Tasted just fine, but "latke" was a stretch.  A rose by any other name, I'm inclined to say.If you're ready to throw down some tin for a Very Good meal, Topsy's seems a fine choice.
<review# 1521,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2008,3/21/2008,209,211,4,5,5>I love Cafe Z!  They have great sandwiches and salads!  I work 5 min away so, it's super convenient and I can always count on a healthy option.  Super informal atmosphere- you order at the counter and they bring you their food.  They do have servers for dinner but, it's not really a sit down place where they come and take your order.  I usually get either the Cobb salad with extra tomatoes or the Pesto Chicken Panini sandwich with dripping fontina cheese (minus the red peppers) with a side of tomato and lettuce.  Their salads are packed with extra vegetables and they don't skimp on the meat if you order a salad with meat on it.  Plus, their balsamic dressing is excellent, too.  I love the Cafe Z salad too, nice and light but, totally fills you up.  I do think that the to go salad portions are slightly bigger but, I could be full of it, who knows.They also have an excellent turkey vegetable soup with plenty of vegetables but, some of their other soups are a little bland.  They are more than willing to let you taste one before you order it.  Plus, I love Alma and Jorge!  Alma is so super friendly and is always smiling and Jorge always gives me extra little goodies with my salads when he knows that I'm the one that is ordering it!
<review# 1522,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2007,3/20/2008,206,8,14,4,4>Gold's Gym fired me in 1994, and yet I still show up every day. Of course, they don't pay me $6.50 per hour anymore, and I can no longer charge people guest fees and deposit said fees directly into the slush fund in my shorts pocket. But I leave with a fresh pump and a carton of muscle milk, so by any standards I'm still a winner.I've been in a revolving door between Gold's and 24 Hour Fitness for the past 10 years, primarily based on location. In LA I worked out at the original Gold's in Venice, where the workout floor was filled with the meathead celebrities who lined the framed pictures hung on the wall. It was kind of a parody of itself, with industry types reading scripts on the elliptical machines and Malibu housewives testing the elasticity of their fake racks doing pushups with their younger trainers.My membership also got me into the West Hollywood Gold's, which may be the gayest place on earth outside of Clay Aiken's pants. The place was basically a catwalk with squat racks, built for perfectly groomed meatheads to strut around in spandex and look each other up and down. Once I actually caught on fire while doing preacher curls. Fabio was a regular. And I was once offered 10 phone numbers (dudes) in 3 minutes at the smoothie bar.I switched from Gold's to 24 Hour Fitness at Larkspur landing years ago - primarily because Gold's sucked ass and was overrun by meatheads. One could argue the latter point is still the case, but considerable improvements have been made on the former.Gold's has new equipment and plenty of it - rarely is the gym packed full of meat to the point that I can't find the empty racks, machines and mats I need to complete my workout on time. There always seems to be a free bike, and there are plenty of flatscreen TVs that I can see from any cardio machine. The locker rooms are a little tight, and there's no steam room (there IS a sauna), but aside from those very minor complaints, I have to say I'm impressed with the gym's improvements since the early days and I enjoy working out there. Friendly staff, clean and well-maintained equipment, and plenty of TVs are pretty much all you can ask for. Oh - and someone else mentioned the ventilation - it's pretty solid, and there's none of the crotch rot / dead body odor that's included in your monthly dues at many gyms. 4 out of 5 stars - add a steam room, maybe a smoothie bar (I picked up some fruity habits in LA), and give me some more room to hang out with my wang out in the men's room and we'll bump this rating to a solid 5 out of 5.
<review# 1523,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2008,3/19/2008,162,55,8,10,9>for all my four eyed pals out there - zenni optical is, hands down, THE BEST!  it almost feels like you're cheating the system when you buy glasses from them.  eff the man though, i'm punk rock anyways.  i bought glasses from these cats (zennioptical.com) for $8!  8 dollars!!!  that's for the frames and lenses!  frames and lenses!!!!!  i'm stuttering in a yelp review, that's how awesome this place is.  i thought it was too good to be true at first, so i bought some fairly ridiculous specs.  i got these, zennioptical.com/cart/pr post some pics on yelp after i write this review.  shipping is only $4.95 per order, any size of order.  my glasses arrrived about 2 weeks afer placing my order.  sadly, 2 weeks after getting them, my friend accidently broke them.  it's okay though, i already plan on two different pairs.  all you need to know is your prescription.  so hit up your eye doctor, then tell them to go to hell with their 300% markup on 2 dollar frames and order from zenni optical.  this may be my most important yelp review ever, i want everyone to order from zenni!   wow, i sound like a commercial... i guess i'm not that punk rock after all.
<review# 1524,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2007,3/18/2008,30,176,,3,3>Haven't gotten service like this in a long time.  They have one of each style on a rack, you tell them your size and which ones you like and they bring them all to a fitting room for you.  Everyone is so nice and helpful. They are not just "doing the job" of what is required of them, they really love the jeans and want you to find a pair you love too.  Thank you TR you rock.
<review# 1525,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2008,3/16/2008,174,143,,5,3>This place is so small, if you blink  you miss!  My boyfriend took me here when we first started dating, I remember being charmed by the decor, the intimacy and the food!  The calamari was incredible, and the specials were well worth the price. This is definitely a great restaurant for lovebirds!  I love the fact that it's in downtown San Rafael, within walking distances of other pubs, if a beer is craved after a fine meal.  Service was good, I certainly have warm feelings for this place and I feel I should return
<review# 1526,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2007,3/15/2008,199,169,3,8,5>Very friendly vet assistants and doctors.  I never had trouble making appts at a convenient time.  Everything I needed they gave me. I've brought both of my dogs to them and will be bringing my third pooch here as well. Let's not discuss my family's obsession with animals now though....I'm just glad these kind folks take care of my family's obsession...and the objects of it.  Both doctors are attentive, gentle, and I go out of my way to bring my pets here.  I've also bought several products from them, like doggie toothpaste.If it's not too much trouble to come up to Marin for you (it's 20 mins from SF and a beautiful drive! :) ) I suggest you do it.  I never used their hotel service, but they provide one for your pets, and I definitely trust them to take care of my dogs!
<review# 1527,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2008,3/14/2008,404,141,3,7,6>This is a two part review.China Camp where the beach is: I swam in the water for 20 minutes without moving = strong current. I was also surprised to find that the water was dirtier than in Aquatic park. At least that's what the inside of my nose told me.China Camp trail running was awesome. Great views with a mix of tree cover, hills, wildlife ( a deer was 10 feet away). It's a popular mountain biking spot but I had no trouble as everybody was courteous and knew to share the path.
<review# 1528,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/4/2008,3/13/2008,28,145,2,4,6>I used to be a big MAC fan.  Then the customer service slid noticeably downhill at many different counters throughout the City.  A little too much attitude and indifference.  MAC is usually very busy which likely has some impact on the ability to serve quickly.  I realize it's tough when you have 30 customers and a limited amount of staff.  They do seem very willing to do makeovers which is a big plus in my book.  Of late, I've found the sales folks at the Corte Madera location to be very customer service friendly.  One nice artist spent time with me to find an eyeshadow to go  with my holiday party dress, a non-MAC brand as well as find a duplicate lipstick for another brand that had been discontinued.She gave good recommendations and tried to upsell me on a few things but it wasn't a hard sell.  That's very much appreciated.  Nothing turns me off more than a pushy you-must-buy-this sales pitch.  MAC, I'm back.
<review# 1529,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2008,3/12/2008,4,6,5,6,7>This is one of my favorite special occasion restaurants.   The Melting Pot in Larkspur offers a truly romantic setting for a date while still being a great place for a group dinner.  The "caves" provide a very unique backdrop for a fabulously rich and decadent meal.  I've dined at the Sacramento Melting Pot and although the food was great, the atmosphere is nothling like the Larkspur location.The menu offers 'a la carte' dining as well as several complete dinner meals.  Not quite sure why Gregg G had such a difficult time deciphering the menu (maybe he's been spending too much time in the Denver Airport and not enough time in restaurants?).The "Big Night Out" is the best dinner meal to order.  It begins with a cheese fondue served with apples, bread and vegetables (get the traditional Swiss fondue over the other fancy offerings) followed by an individual salad, main course fondue and dessert fondue.  The main course fondue includes a great variety of meats/seafood/poultry and a veggie item like ravioli or pot stickers.  GO WITH THE OIL!  Most people are tempted to try the broth because they think it will be light and healthy...but this is not the place for a light, healthy dinner.  This is an extravagant evening that should include lots of wine, many courses of food and good company.  The oil cooks the food faster and provides the most flavor...hands down.As far as dessert fondue, you can't miss.  Anything you order will be phenomenal!  The dessert fondue comes with strawberries, bananas, marshmallows, brownies, pound cake and other goodies to dip into the chocolate concoction of your choice (I like the caramel turtle one).Also, a note about the price.  This is definitely a pricey restaurant but worth every penny.  The Melting Pot provides a very high quality product, great service and great ambiance, so save up and head down there when you're not looking to penny pinch.
<review# 1530,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2007,3/11/2008,63,105,2,9,8>I'm of Mexican decent.  I like pinto beans and sometimes I get crazy and eat Peruvian beans.  Simple.  Kind of like meat and potatoes to Americans.  I don't usually order black beans, because most restaurants don't know how to cook them properly.  I also am not familiar with Cuban or Puerto Rican food.  The most exotic Latino fare that I've had is pupusas from the Mission District or a Cuban Torta from my local Mexican taqueria.  At Mambo's we ended up picking a random beef and pork dish from the menu.  They both came with salad, black beans, rice, and plantains.  I had the pork dish and my beans were mixed in with the rice.  On the beef dish, the beans came in a small pot (de la hoya).  The pork was sliced thin and grilled with a tasty tomato hint of lime salsa on the side.  The beef was similar to a slow cooked roast, chunks that break apart in your mouth.  Both dishes were delicious with lots of flavor.  And I'm no longer scared of black beans.  The service was also good and they even tolerated us playing the conga drums and dancing to the music on the little stage.  The neighbors have two locations, one on each corner and a big sign that drew us in, but the wait at the neighbor's is what sent us to Mambo's.  Glad for that.  I will defintely go back if in the area again.
<review# 1531,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2007,1/3/2008,173,424,4,7,5>I love this place -- the first time, my daughter and I stumbled in early one evening that just happened to be "Girls Night Out" -- an event that takes place every other month.  It was our lucky night -- they had a special for $30 each, that included a lovely salad with fresh greens, oranges, almonds in a sesame vinaigrette.  Then the cheese course -- we had two choices and chose the Wisconsin (the other choice was a cheddar/beer variety that sounded suspiciously like Welsh Rarebit, which we love too).  The cheeses blended perfectly and we had plenty of bread and vegies to dip through the yummy stringy sauce.   For our entree course we chose the Burgoinneone (hot oil) method, and were glad we did -- we overheard comments from other tables that the broth wasn't as good.  Nice portions of beef, chicken, fish, shrimp, and vegies, and an assortment of sauces, batters and such.  Dessert was the Flaming Caramel Turtle -- a rich blend of chocolate and caramel fondues, and a beautiful tray of treats to dip:  pound cake, brownies, fruit slices, marshmellows.  Oh, how delicious!   Our first visit, the service was excellent and friendly, and very accomodating.  We went online and found out when the next Girls Night Out was happening and took my other daughter the next time.  For some reason, our waiter decided to ignore us through the evening, and this is not good in a restaurant like this where you're trying to cook your own food and have no control over the heat temperature.  We kept flagging down other waiters and busboys to get help.  The entire dinner took 3+ hours, and although it was good, we felt frustrated and somewhat jerked around, especially given the priciness of the place.  He finally showed up when we begged for  the check, and we told him we thought he'd been shanghai'd, and he had no explanation.  Hmmm.  We'll definitely give it another go, and hopefully have a different waiter next time.  We are big fondue fans, and even though this is a chain, it doesn't feel like one.  It compares favorably with the Matterhorn in SF, an authentic Swiss bistro that specializes in the Fondue Festival.  Definitely make reservations (they are in Open Table).  The bar is nice, but small, and the drinks are on the expensive side, although they usually offer a daily special.  Note:  Like other reviewers, I'd recommend this for adults, and children 12+ years old.  At a nearby table was a family with 3 young daughters (all under 9 years old) and they were totally exhausted and cranky by the time it was all over. They were there to celebrate mommy's birthday, and I hope she had fun, because even though the kids were trying to be good, they were pretty noisy and distracting.
<review# 1532,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2007,1/2/2008,120,53,1,9,4>Here's the deal:  If it's your first time going there, you can get a one hour massage for $40.  Then, if you sign up with them you get auto-debited $60/month in exchange for a one hour massage.  And when you're a member you get to buy additional one hours for $40 plus gift certificates for anyone else for $40 also.  Your massages don't expire, you just bank them and can save up as many as you want.  I think the min contract is 6 months but I was told when I sign up that if you just tell them you moved somewhere where there isn't a clinic you can easily get out of that contract.  It's an amazing deal if you want to get in the habit of getting massage therapy regularly.Different therapists obviously have different styles, my fav is Naomi.  She is great at deep tissue massages.  I just had a session with her a few hours ago and I plan on requesting her from here on out.Note: If you decide to go try this place out after reading this review, be a nice fellow yelper and PM me so I can give you my full name that you can write in the "referred by" box there.  Pretty please?
<review# 1533,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/8/2007,1/1/2008,749,974,2,4,5>This place is a little pricey.  Yet its clean, fast and it's good food.  The coffee good and with my caffeine addiction that is a definite must.   Wait...this is a rinky little hometown diner.  Why don't they make hashbrowns?!!?!?What is it with everyone and home fries.  I hate home fries...I never eat them then feel bad because they take up like half the plate and I end up paying $8.75 for two eggs, sausage links and toast.  Next time I'll ask for a substitute for the home fries....I hope they have one.
<review# 1534,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/16/2007,12/30/2007,44,303,6,4,4>The thin crust is good, but could have been crispier. It was nice and crisp on the edges, but soggy in the center. The pizza is 4 stars, but I had to knock one off for oblivious parents with obnoxious children. That said, I have a child and no, he isn't perfectly behaved all the time. But I really haven't ever really seen the "Marin mommy" thing. This is a family restaurant for sure, I'd say 90% of the people dining were with children. And of that, I'd say a good 85% of these kids were spawn from hell. Out of control, screaming, kicking, paper airplane throwing, fit throwing little brats. And the parents-its like they were blind, deaf and mute. They made no effort to wrangle their beasts in. They just went on sipping their wine, having a conversation like nothing else was going on! I'd love to try it again, but never again on a Friday at 7pm.
<review# 1535,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2007,12/29/2007,22,38,,4,3>Delicious!  My husband and I decided to try this place based on other Yelp reviews and were delightfully surprised.  When you drive up to the place, it looks like it's going to be a total dive, and not a nice restaurant on the water.  BUT, once you get inside and move to the back where the dining area is, you see how nice it actually is.  There is an open air porch where you can eat outside on the water, or stay cozy inside.  I had the chocolate cinnamon french toast with super fresh raspberries, blueberries, and strawberries, and my husband had huevos rancheros and was so happy to find the eggs poached.  He loves huevos rancheros and especially loves poached eggs, so with the combo, it was perfect!  We also ordered mimosas, which were great.  The only weird thing was that they brought us a glass, some oj, and a one serving bottle of champagne each, so we had to make the mimosas ourselves.  Not sure what this is all about, but it ended up being kind of fun and they were yummy for sure.  Overall, this is a great place for breakfast/brunch.  Just get over the way it looks from the outside....
<review# 1536,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/20/2007,12/28/2007,2,23,2,5,3>When we walked in, my husband said, "I'm the only man here with no gray hair."  I knew then it could be rough night.  Yes, the crowd was "mature," but it still seemed (and I don't know how) a pretty good place to eat and hang out - causally that is.  The food is good by Marin standards.  The portions were huge and satisfying.  The gnocchi was served with an interesting (and good) beef ragu.  We shared our food that night, so I can only speak of the dishes we ate - gnocchi and a pork chop.  Based on those two, we will go back and try something else.  The place was packed - I guess the outdoor seating is too nice to pass up on a warm night, so reservations are probably a good idea.  Note - the drinks are pricey and the wine list is pretty boring
<review# 1537,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2007,12/27/2007,88,53,1,6,4>Frank Lloyd Wright's graceful Civic Center in Marin can be seen from Highway 101, but I strongly recommend turning off and paying it a visit. You can wander inside to see the elegant, airy atrium with its art-deco ballustrades and walk on the terraces overlooking the pools and gardens.Up close, the low-slung building, with its recurring archways motif, looks like some futuristic sultan's palace. It even has an intensely blue dome with an attending church-like spire. Perhaps appropriate that it was used in the movie GATTACA as the center for the perfection of mankind.
<review# 1538,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2007,12/26/2007,38,67,8,5,4>God looked over his creation with satisfaction. The brilliant horizon radiating various hues of cerulean and emerald was pleasing to anyone's vision, even a deity.God's creation, "Earth," had been one of his most magnificent yet. This "Earth" was to be the host of his next creation - the human being.God sat down at his divine desk and began to lay out the plans in creating mankind. From the broad muscle definitions down to the specific facial features, God created the first two humans.Adam and Eve looked about in splendor. Unaware of their naked forms, they gingerly touched and felt their way about the Garden of Eden. In the distance, they noticed a Mexican restaurant. Harnessing their new vocal chords, they ordered a burrito from this restaurant. As soon as their teeth sunk into the delicious burrito, the knowledge of their nakedness permeated their minds, and innocense was lost forever.
<review# 1539,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2007,12/25/2007,109,402,,11,5>The fact is, this place used to be a nunnery, which at first may not seem like a plus (especially considering I spent 9 years in Catholic school).  But after going to a weekend writing retreat here last summer, I have to say this is a beautiful, wonderful place to regain your inner sense of peace.  While the first day of silence drove me a little cuckoo, by the next day I was in that Very Good Zen Place.  There's a library and multiple reading nooks, lots of garden-y spaces, gurgling fountains, birds chirping, quotes from Buddha posted all over the walls, that kind of thing. It was lovely, lovely, lovely.Not all retreats are silent ones, and they're careful to schedule, say the silent writers with the silent gardeners, rather than the marching band or jazz choir groups (not that there were any of the latter there, I'm just hypothesizing).  You can just sign up for a night or two for a really low rate of $75 (?), I think.  Oh, and they FEED you, great organic food, a full meal of entree, sides, dessert, beverages, 24 hour snacks and tea/coffee (they have the coffee/hot water urns in the lobby).  It's SO wonderful.  Go to recharge and nourish, restore your faith in the universe.
<review# 1540,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2007,12/23/2007,14,18,6,5,3>I adore Scotty's. For the small, "country store" size, it really has everything you need. The deli is fabulous- I am partial to their homemade Mexican casserole with greens from the salad bar. There are even flat screen HD TVs above the deli counter so you don't have to miss a MINUTE of Rachel Ray or Oprah- thank JESUSBut really, they even have a bulk foods section! In such a tiny store! Last week when I went there, they were giving away free slices of cake to the public. They were arranged on a table at the front of the store with plastic forks and napkins. What the hell more could you ask for?
<review# 1541,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/4/2009,7/9/2009,9,20,5,5,5>Dos Amigos is my favorite Mexican restaurant in the area. The food has been consistantly good and I have been eating here for 10 years. The staff is attentive and friendly. The ambiance is hokey, with mexican panchos nailed to the wall and the traditional "Spanish Lesson" placemats on the table, but that is not a bad thing in my opinion. It sometimes gets hot inside but there is an outside patio to enjoy if it is too much.  I always leave with a full box of food to enjoy the next day. Try the Tapenquena (sp?) it is a steak stuffed with prawns wrapped in bacon and then fried. I know what you are thinking... but once won't hurt you. It is amazing!
<review# 1542,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2009,7/8/2009,340,166,14,8,18>I wrote this one down on a paper bag as I sat on a park bench.  These adjectives were petrified because the nouns were mangled.  Then, I got haggled by some of the verbs because I was ending my sentences with broken promises.  But has Val's ever let you down?  I stopped here at 12:01 AM after a New Year's Party had fizzled.  I stocked up appropriately.  Then I walked in the rain to Fuller Park and talked to myself like they all do there at that hour.  The donut maker from Butter Cream was there.  His chef hat was still on his head.  He was hunched over his thoughts like he wanted to be left alone.  After I let him sip off of the whisky a few times, he was willing to tell me his life story.  "Val's Liquor?" he asked.  I stared at him blankly. "He barely knew her!" he added with a sickly wet laugh.  Oh yeah, yeah, that's a good one.  I forgot about that one.  Cheers.
<review# 1543,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2009,7/7/2009,253,125,5,6,6>I love this place, and I go here all the time. I enjoy the warm feel of the atmosphere in the building, I like the fact that there is a couch in back, and I like that there is usually plenty of seating. I love their Avocado and beet salad, and they have really good veggie wraps. They have good prices on coffee and drinks. Their mini pizza is OK, and their milkshakes are good too. I don't like that they do not accept credit cards, and you have to hit up an ATM, but luckily they have one in the building. I also do think that they are a little on the pricey side for a little cafe. However, I will always be back here, sometimes its a little better for you then some of the other options on fourth st.
<review# 1544,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2009,7/6/2009,178,402,3,7,5>I almost gave Yet Wah five stars.  I did not because I didn't want to regret it later, and because these are my reasons for why I love it, and the reasons aren't very spectacular.  Also, it's the most expensive Chinese place I know.* food is consistently as good as it gets- or at least as good as I expect it to be. My favorites? Veggie potstickers, veggie fried rice, and garlic broccoli... yummm. Also, I used to really like the cheese crab puff when I ate stuff like that.* delivery is fast and the delivery drivers are pleasant, not creepy.* lunch special (yes, just like all the other Chinese lunch specials in Marin: a good deal, big, and standard with rice, "appetizer" and entree)* they serve cocktails (full bar)* they are open late (until midnight every night but Monday)* there's a parking garage right around the corner (C street)* some of the servers are really nice and funny (a handful of times, eating dinner here totally turned my night around from crappy to nice).Highly recommended.
<review# 1545,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2009,7/5/2009,76,113,1,6,5>As I said in my review of Fork, "if you are a foodie, this is the place."It's really the same restaurant, same ownership and staff, with decor changed to match the new name, and a menu that is priced moderately. Now we can afford to come here more often!It's a little startling to see Hamburgers and Mac & Cheese on the menu...but everything we've tried has been excellent.  Portions are fair sized, so we were very happy splitting a salad and a dessert between the two of us, along with the main courses.The wine list is reasonably priced, and the waiters will offer some GREAT pairings if you ask. The decor is elegant, without being obtrusive. Service is friendly and very knowledgeable... although the restaurant is now so busy that we sometimes had to wait for our waiter.By the way, they are not open for lunch.
<review# 1546,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2008,7/4/2009,101,81,8,5,4>Their strawberry ice cream has the freshest strawberries.  I think that they are stealing the strawberries from my garden, which are the best in Marin, in my opinion.Then again, I also think that aliens from outer space have descended on Marin--oh wait, that's just the hippies who are still lost in the 60s/70s.
<review# 1547,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2008,7/3/2009,5,30,4,9,5>Beyond Happy!!  I think I've found a new stylist.  I am so paranoid about haircuts I've been traveling 60  miles to visit my old stylist.  Although I love him, it meant cuts too few and far between.  Last time I saw him I went for a drastic change and when I got home, I discovered some issues with my cut.  Of course I wasn't going to drive all the way back so I called Bloom and Kelly offered to help me out the next day.  She was personable, listened to what I wanted, and did a fantastic job.  She made a haircut that was starting to make me cry, into one I really love. Thanks Kelly!!
<review# 1548,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2009,7/2/2009,78,50,16,9,10>They should change their name to "Might Leaf Pee My Pants" because its that good.  Yeah, Yeah, Yeah it's sooooOOoOoooo expensive but seriously when you try their tea it will knock you on your ass.   Also, when you compare it to the price of a Peet's or Starbucks coffee you are saving a few bucks.The Rainforest Mate blows my mind!  The Green Tea Tropical, African Nector Tea and Chamomile Citris will put your tea tasting palate at a place no other tea can get to.  I don't even know what I just said but trust me they are BOMB.There is no other tea in the world that comes close to the caliber that is Mighty Leaf.  If you are at all interested in elevating the quality of your life you will try Mighty Leaf.What are you waiting for? GET TO SAFEWAY AND BUY THIS SHIT!
<review# 1549,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2009,7/1/2009,252,234,5,8,7>This place is a little gem amongst the other businesses on this side of the road, you'll miss it if you're not careful. They have some incredible deals on wines from all over the world. Wednesday nights from 6 to 8 for $1.00 you can taste all of the featured wines.. it's basically a glass of wine for a buck! They feature a different location each week, last night was the Loire Valley.. great wines. If you like any you can purchase a bottle and sit in the lounge.. comfy couch, nice chairs, tables and music.. of your choice! The South African sparkling Brut Rose is amazing for $13.95.. what a steal!Tasting $1Bottle of bubbles $13.95Hanging with the crew in a hip lounge rocking out to Eminem while watching the Giants beat the A's.. PRICELESS.
<review# 1550,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2009,6/30/2009,281,205,12,14,15>Fondue is something you have to be in the mood for. It's highly caloric, thick, and indulgent. Sometimes I'm just not in the mood to put those sorts of pounds on my ass because I'm just too superficial. Sorry, there it is. I am.  But unlike the name, this delicious and healthy little spot in San Rafael on the Miracle Mile doesn't even serve fondue, and what they do purvey is far from it. Set in a clean, spacious, yet intimate atmosphere, Hot Pot serves up the latter part of their name, vegetarian based soups with fresh delicious ingredients that you pick. The menu has seafood, chicken, meat, and vegetables, along with different types of mushrooms. For people like me, the mushroom selections on menus when you're a fan are dry and boring, but I had some great choices here. I opted for a mix of vegetables and mushrooms. Hey, you only live once right? Shit, eat it all. The ingredients came to the table, to be prepared in the steaming hot broth in front of me along with hoisin sauce and a housemade garlic ginger paste that was wonderful. I immediately dove into the healthy, not oily soup as soon as I was done eating my flavorful pot sticker appetizers. I ate it all, to say the least, and I even ordered a second set of pot stickers after I finished the soup.I splurged (yeah, I know considering the whole fondue comment with the ass and all above) and got dessert. But they had dulce de leche cheesecake??!!! How could I pass that up? But maybe I should have as it tasted too store bought for me and not what I was really looking for in regards to texture and richness. The service was quiet, efficient and genuine. I left over a thirty percent tip and was pleased. The orchids on the tables were a nice touch and it was quiet enough for me to sit and do work on my laptop with my external modem (they do not have wireless there) while my scalding hot soup slowly cooled and was ready to eat. Hidden in a strip mall next to McDonald's (the all American eatery, ughhh) this little place has sold me on a nice warm way to "soup" myself on a cold night.
<review# 1551,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2013,11/3/2013,222,110,2,6,4>Just received a great rejuvinating treatment from Michael this morning and as someone who has been to many acupuncturists and studied acupuncture, I can say that he is by far the best acupuncturist in Santa Rosa. I have had great luck with referring people over his way and their experience has been nothing but fabulous so I decided to go in for my own treatment, not necessarily for pain, but for improving the balance in my body and overall health and I can say that I feel like I am walking on clouds. If I didn't know where to go for acupuncture, the first place I would look is toward someone who has had experience and has traveled to China or has actual experience with true Chinese Medicine like Dr. Johnston. Thank you Michael, you have earned your place on my review list of great health practitioners.
<review# 1552,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2013,11/2/2013,45,56,,6,2>Tara Firma Farms is doing it right. Want to learn about where you foods comes from? How it gets made? How's it's shipped or processed? Tara Firms can show you. The tour starts out with looking at baby chicks. Craig (Tara's husband) is extremely knowledgeable and answers the questions in your head even before you ask them. After baby chicks, you see teenage chickens frolicking in the pasture, then you see pigs, and cows, and more chickens, and some vegetables. If it's a hot day, be sure to wear sunscreen or bring a shade umbrella. And bring water!After the tour ends in a barn, where you may see a family of owls (so cool!), you'll be informed about their CSA. Sign up people! It's local produce delivered to your house or available for pick-up. It changes seasonally and it's not expensive! All that produce you see at wherever you shop (Safeway, Sprouts, etc.) is most likely not local. Tara Firms Farms is on I St. It doesn't get much more local than that.Take a tour and treat yourself to some organic farming knowledge.
<review# 1553,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2013,11/1/2013,90,112,8,10,9>Narrow street of cobblestones (Simon & Garfunkel)......that's the best way to describe Water Street in downtown Petaluma where WSB is located. This quaint and charming bistro has a Parisian feel to it and features mostly French inspired dishes. It has an outdoor patio with "umbrella-ed" tables and overlooks the murky waters of the Petaluma River. Although it is not exactly the Seine, it still adds a laid back mood to the Bistro especially on a lazy Sunday afternoon. It is a little more congested indoors with odd sized tables, colorfully painted walls and tastefully mounted window drapes. It is a classic style bistro serving moderately priced simple meals in an unostentatious atmosphere.What I wanted today was simple.....a hearty bowl of soup, wholesome bread either in firm slices or in a bun with a good crust. We started with Pozole, the soup du jour. Pozole in a French bistro? It is without a doubt a Mexican original! The owner Stephanie was quick to explain. "Yes, its Mexican alright.....my husband is Mexican". Oh well, that was good enough for me! I can tell this was the gringo version of pozole with no tripe or pig's feet and hominy as my gringo son in law could eat everything without being grossed out. My daughter ordered the Crab Chowder that I got to taste. It was not too creamy; chock-full of potatoes with shredded crabmeat and was nonetheless a welcome change from the more common clam chowder. The soups came with a side of deliciously sliced pumpkin seed bread that we gladly used as a dip for the soup.The key ingredient in a muffaletta sandwich is the tapenade. This Provencal (a province in France) delicacy consisted of a mix of pureed chopped olives, capers, anchovies and olive oil. I believe this was homemade and used like a spread on the warm Turkey and Ham Mufflaletta, which was then smothered with Swiss and Provolone. This sandwich came with organic baby greens in a balsamic vinaigrette. The end result.....the melted cheeses, the crunchy muffaletta and the warm meats were oh so gratifying. We also ordered a big slice of Asparagus and Parmesan Quiche though I thought it may be a little too late into the season for asparagus. Tons of asparagus pieces add color and flavor to this hearty, creamy quiche and had WSB added spinach and portobello mushrooms, the delicious contrasting flavors would have earned this quiche an easy 5 stars! As with the muffaletta, the quiche had a side of green salad with the same dressing that made sharing two similar salads a little boring.I have to thank a respected yelper Don F. for recommending a dessert that I believe does not have a specific name. It is a pastry with melted chocolate and orange marmalade. They blended well together with every bite of the fluffy and flaky outer crust. What a perfect way to spend a relaxing Sunday afternoon and the ultimate have-your-cake-and-eat-it-too experience.
<review# 1554,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2013,10/31/2013,735,585,7,7,7>NOSTALGIC!!!  It is truly a neighborhood gem in the heart of Santa Rosa.  Incredible history and nexus to the infamous Charles M. Schulz.   Who would have thunk an iconic American cartoonist from Minnesota ended up in Northern CA of all places.  We're so lucky to live in the Bay Area, so much to see and learn.  Who didn't grow up loving the Snoopy & the Peanuts crew?  It's something we can pass down to our kids forever, it's legendary.  Seeing the smile on my son's face as we arrived just melted my heart.  Friendliest staff at this arena, they sincerely care about the kids.  They have the coolest job to get paid to play.  My son lost his tooth while ice skating, and they immediately took him off the ice and placed his tooth in an envelope and handed it to me for the tooth fairy (wink, wink).  Besides my son, if staff observed anybody fall/trip, they'd come to the rescue within seconds.  The skating ambiance would switch to glow-in-dark mode, followed by the hokey pokey dance.  This is the happiest place on Earth for me in Northern CA without all the crazy long lines.  Although, my son did ask for a Zamboni for his birthday after we left - HA!
<review# 1555,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2013,10/30/2013,142,64,,8,3>I'm from San Diego and come up to Napa frequently. I always make a trip to 1313. The ambiance is hip, classy, yet casual at the same time. I love their selection of wine, a little on the pricey side but you really do get what you pay for. The service is outstanding which is the #1 thing I look for when going out esp with so much competition around in Napa. During my last visit, my friend and I stopped in a little before closing and the staff did not rush us at all. In fact they were extremely warm and welcoming.... had great conversation with Steven and our wine server. Just had an overall great experience. Thank you 1313 and I will be visiting soon!!
<review# 1556,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2013,10/29/2013,308,86,,1,1>WaHoo! it was a stroll down memory lane today when I meandered over to Perry's Deli on Lincoln Avenue today. Located next to the Sol Food Restaurant on the corner adn nestled next to the adjoining Cuban dleicatessen they also cater at, it was easy to see the business has been altered by this popular corner. Still, I enjoyed going into the deli and finding it not so much changed since  the last time I went. The tables were still towards the back and a couple of tables were also outside to be enjoyed this dunny Satyrday. Drinks? Yes, in the same place lining the left hand wall and with a good selection, many not even around the last time I partook of this establishment. I saw the random middle shelf of chips and I perused the deli area where the salads were located as I waioted for a Turkey on whole wheat with everything save onion and some added Jack cheese the Menu board contained many specialty combinations and included hot sandwiches as well as a hot food bar. I also spied some orange jello with fruit, one of two kinds offered along with the famous HUGE kosher dill pickles I love. All in all, it is not the ambience of many places today, but the service was with a smile and reminded me of all the many reasons this has always been a favorite place of mine and well, if busines is not what it used to be, neither am I. I got a great place to sit and people watch downtown and enjoyed an awesome sandwich that made me smile.. YES! I will be back..
<review# 1557,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2013,10/28/2013,71,124,1,10,5>This is the only bubble tea place in Sonoma county. What more do I need to say? Surf City doesn't to do bubble tea any justice. The owner and his family based staff are very friendly. Their tea and tapioca is made fresh the day of. They also have these Capri sun flavor drinks with popping  boba to make it fun for kids. The owner strives to make sure you get the best experience, and it seem to be working. I had to try the infamous Thai tea first, and I'm giving it a thumbs up. So it's official guys, no more having to drive 60 minutes away for a cup of great tasting bubble tea.
<review# 1558,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2013,10/27/2013,37,70,3,4,5>This is a great sandwich shop. I didn't know what to expect at first, but I'm sure glad I tried it.  I ordered the number #3 which is the roasted turkey breast, fresh avocado, jack cheese, red onion and pesto mayo on a dutch crunch roll. I was really impressed with the freshness of the ingredients and the bread was AMAZING! Looking forward to my next visit and trying something new.
<review# 1559,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2013,10/26/2013,5,58,2,2,2>This is really the only place to go in Napa. Yes, there are other shops like it, but they fail when it comes to customer service. Plus? Mighty Quinn I think has better quality stuff. Nice assortment of smoking accessories and really friendly, pleasant staff make this location a treat to stop in. I get a little confused with the parking lot and can't recall if they've marked it off recently. But there is handicapped parking and it's accessible. This is also the type of place if they don't have what you are looking for in stock, they would probably be happy to order it for you. Maybe it's just my experience but the other places in town seem a bit how shall we say? Abrupt and unfriendly like you're an inconvenience to them somehow rather than a paying customer. I've never felt that vibe here at Mighty Quinn. Definitely check 'em out.
<review# 1560,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2013,10/25/2013,25,75,,4,4>Finally, a place to take my bikes in San Rafael.  Natalie and Zak are delightful people who seem to genuinely care about your experience in their shop.  They have only been open about a month but with their service and can-do attitude this shop should be around for many, many years.  Play fetch with Onyx the Lab while you wait.  He enjoys the game.There is no "we don't do that" attitude that the other two local shops have.  These are really great people who deserve your business.  Give them a try.
<review# 1561,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2010,12/17/2010,6,8,,3,2>Excellent delicious food. Good service. Clean.-It's all about the food for me.This style of cooking does take awhile for those of you new to this cuisine, (like curry style cooking) that says fresh to me. It's a small locally owned authentic Ethiopian restaurant. Very quaint, mellow atmosphere- good place for an intimate date. I like the chicken or vegetarian meal for two.
<review# 1562,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2010,12/16/2010,35,9,1,1,1>Great Place!Jeanie use to cut my hair 10+ years ago when I lived in the area. If you want a consistent cut from super friendly ladies give them a shot. You'll be glad you did. Oh, I am not sure if they still do this, but I remember liking the warm shaving cream they used for a perfect finish. I have not been to any other place that does that.
<review# 1563,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2010,12/15/2010,43,13,2,4,2>Four stars for energy efficiency alone, a great model and standard for other stores.  And the only reason I ever shop here, to add my meager support to their green tinted cause. Other than that, reviewers have already uncovered the truth.Oh, and the fresh Chinese is horrible... as in really really bad.
<review# 1564,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2010,12/13/2010,103,359,3,9,4>The location and space are beautiful. It should be for a drop in fee of $22. a session. However, the monthly fee is comparable to other studios at $99 per month. The classes are designed to discourage drop-ins and emphasis the practice of a yoga lifestyle that features mental and physical disciples. This studio offers 3 different simultaneous studio classes which offers something for everyone. The classes are large with at least 15 students in the smaller sized classes. However the number of students the teachers are always attentive to the students needs and make sure to consult with each new student upon arrival. The beautifully appointed location offers a variety of yoga disciplines from Iangar, hatha, vinyassa classes and level blended classes. I think this is a fun place to take community classes and hope you walk into the studio to check it out. YogaWorks offers new student discounts such as 3 classes for a nominal 7 day period or even a free week to new students.
<review# 1565,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2010,12/12/2010,13,29,3,4,3>If you want your clothes done right, take them to Faro. I trust Faro completely. When I drop off my clothes I know they will be handled with the utmost care. Doesn't matter if it's a $20 dress or a $250 coat. She knows clothes. She knows how it should fit, what length it should be and how high or low it should hang. She's an expert yet she listens to her customers' input. Faro does not alter clothes just to make a buck. I've brought in a couple pieces, a pair of Gap pants and a Bebe leather jacket, where she's told me unless I see myself keeping them for a very long time I'd be better off buying new compared to the price of altering them. She does charge considerably more than others but I think she's absolutely worth it.
<review# 1566,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2010,12/11/2010,12,28,,6,4>Man, I am a huge fan of Naan & Curry in the city, but Indian Village is giving them a run for their money. This place is tucked away off of Fancisco Blvd in an incospicuous strip mall, but its worth seeking out.The buffet changes daily and today (Tuesday) was great. My favorite was the Saag Aloo, very tasty. The buffet had about a dozen choices and I tried them all and I have to say everything was very good to great! Some of the highlights:Saag aloo (Spinach with potatoes) - excellent! Very creamy with a gentle hint of corianderChicken masala - excellent! Aromatic with hints of Cinnamon and clovesNaan -  Awesome! Slightly crispy on the outside and light and fluffy on the insideVegitable Pakoras - Very crispy with no trace of oil!I can't wait to try Friday's buffet when they have Chicken Tikka MasalaBonus: the interior is beautifully decorated and clean.
<review# 1567,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/6/2009,12/10/2010,16,95,,2,1>This place would get another star if it weren't for the fact that My Shabu House in SF is better. The pot-stickers are good and come with this spicy sauce we kept on the table for our fondue.My husband and I did the vegetarian broth because we couldn't understand the waitress and apparently let her choose.We had the ramen type noodles, beef, lamb and the assorted veggies.There was a ton of veggies (Cabbage, watercress, bok-choy, spinach, Romain and a variety of mushrooms.) A good size portion of lamb and beef on the combination meat plate. The food is served with a house sauce (minced garlic and ginger plus other stuff I could not identify) & Hoison sauce. They were both okay.I wasn't really crazy about either of them. The garlic/ginger sauce was too strong and the hoison sauce was too sweet. (Insert three bears joke here) We were both glad we saved the spicy sauce from the pot-stickers.If there was no sauce at all then this meal would have been so bland and boring. Maybe a more flavorful broth?We both enjoyed ourselves over-all. If we didn't know about My Shabu House in SF we would probably come here often. Since My Shabu House has a more flavorful meal we will stick to that even though it is farther, more gas, bridge toll and can get really crowded.I am glad that there is something like this in Marin though. I was just thinking it wasn't fair that ALL my favorite Asian restaurants are in SF.
<review# 1568,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2010,12/9/2010,205,194,,3,2>I come here often for lunch. Eduardo's has a great selection of soups and I haven't had one yet that I didn't love. My favorites are the Mulligatawny and Brazilian Shrimp Soup. So freaken good! For sandwiches, I'd recommend the Felipe's Special. Their bread is amazing and the chicken salad is just right. Parking can be hard to find on a busy day, so carpool if you are in a large group.
<review# 1569,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2009,12/8/2010,13,15,3,4,4>So, here's the story: My first encounter with Upper Crust pies was the Pumpkin pie during the holiday season and let me tell you, it was truly ,as they say, "Love at first bite!" I took them to every holiday party I was invited to and bought them as gifts for friends - they have a small "personal pie" size that is perfect for gifts of those of us that have no self control when it comes to our favorite desserts!One night at chamber mixer I was introduced to the woman who was responsible for the extra 10 lbs that had taken up residency on my person. Christine Milne, or Chris, as she asked me to call her, shared the story about how she started her business and was able to grow it into what is now known as "the best  handmade pies in the Bay Area!" The pies are at Whole Foods, Mollie Stones and Andronicos, at least those are the places I've found them. If you can't find one where you shop, ask them to get  them!!  They are totally worth the wait!Needless to say I am a loyal customer and one of the biggest fans of these YUMMY, DELICIOUS, SLICE OF HEAVEN, pies! Do NOT miss the seasonal berry and Key Lime pies! The crusts alone will remind you of your grandmother's pies and the filling ...well...just be prepared to be treated to what will become your new favorite pie(s)!Bon Apetite!
<review# 1570,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2009,12/7/2010,52,31,,6,3>I have been seeing Dr. Wayne Wolfe at BAPMA for treatment for chronic pain for a few years now.  The knowledge, professionalism, and treatment options available at BAPMA far outshine the treatment I had been getting through my previous HMO.  The staff, including the nurses, doctors, and administrative staff, are professional, friendly, and caring.  I have been very satisfied with their service thus far.
<review# 1571,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2014,7/8/2014,103,359,2,6,6>We had a great time at Paradise Sushi and Grill in Rohnert Park.  We were looking for Thai food and found sushi.  Sushi is my first choice for dinner but it's not always affordable.  When I found this very fresh tasting ALL YOU CAN EAT SUSHI bar in Rohnert Park I almost died!  You can be out the door for $30 - including an alcoholic beverage (tip may vary).Oh my gosh the sushi tasted fresh and the rice was warm.  We had a such a great time chatting it up with the waitress.  She insisted that we try the quail egg and I wouldn't have missed it!  (see photo).I was particularly impressed by the amount of wasabi and ginger that was given.  I'm always shyly asking for more ginger.  It's good for the digestion you know.  Anyway, if your in the north bay it's worth a try.  The price is right so try it, you might like it!
<review# 1572,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2013,7/7/2014,16,4,,3,2>I have seen Pam twice so far and both times I have had a profound experience. I am an avid runner and yoga nut and I'm up to give anything a try. I wasn't sure what to expect going into it but I had just completed a long run the day before and was in need of relief, and a massage would have been excruciatingly painful. I had a 90 minute session and when it was over I felt physically rejuvenated. My muscles were still sore but I had much more mobility. Whats even better I felt like i had just taken a spiritual bong rip (I said profound)! It was like my attitude had just been adjusted. I walked out of her office happy and more grounded than i had been in a while. Pam as a person is very nice and has a penetrating positive attitude that puts you at ease. As I said I have since been back and received the same experience. I also intend to keep a permanent schedule at her practice.
<review# 1573,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2014,7/6/2014,25,47,1,6,4>You can smell the food from the parking lot! Always a good sign. I loved this place. The decor is very modern, pretty, & cozy. A great neighborhood place with a touch of romance. I found it charming without being pretentious. We were greeted and waited on by a very friendly and helpful young man. We ordered the golden triangles for an appetizer. They were ground pork,shrimp,& salmon with some peas & spices wrapped & fried in a pastry dough. Very delicate flavors with some hearty portions. They were filling.Then we got the Arun chicken,which was a half chicken marinated in lemon grass barbecued. My favorite dish was the King Neptune's noodle bowl with seafood. This was an interesting dish. It was a large bowl of Ramen looking noodles with calamari,delicious white fish,shrimps,& muscles in a spicy sauce. Mixed with Thai basil, & some greens, this dish was fantastic! Really great thoughtful Thai food. I appreciate the price point as well. Most dishes were $10-$12 dollars. They had wine pairing & a scale of spiciness 1-10. We got a 4 ,but should have gone for an 8. They had two types of chili sauce to bath your food with if you dare. The service was very good. The waitstaff made sure you liked your food and were be chatty & cordial. Very nice touch Arun Thai, I will be back.
<review# 1574,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2014,7/5/2014,71,394,3,5,5>1. Do sit at the bar2. Do say Hi to Tony or George3. Do try the seafood dishes if there is one4. Do, at least once in your life, sit outside for breakfast and enjoy the sun of SausalitoIn other words, If there's a shortcut I'd have found it to a more delicious place in Marin than Poggio's ... Just go!
<review# 1575,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2014,7/3/2014,652,151,5,11,8>This hip little restaurant-that-could is an oasis in the desert - great food, friendly staff, farm-fresh ingredients, organic and sustainable! Cool laid-back vibe, but still attention to every detail.I had the Pork Chop of Awe and Wonder - I haven't eaten a porkchop since I left home at 17 - but this was worth it. It was an amazing meal: Delicious pork, killer mashed potatoes and fresh fruit compote. It was a lot of food, but I ate all of it!My wife got the Farmer's Supper (but gave me all the meat - as she's a vegetarian). This was also an awesome dish - she was quite happy:)Dessert was incredible, it was like a lemon cake thing (forgot the name of it - but I ate every single crumb)Also, they make a homemade ginger soda that is out of this world. Highly recommended.Small place, great ambience, plenty of parking.
<review# 1576,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2014,7/2/2014,12,113,7,4,2>If you have a hankering for Johnny Doughnuts, my advice is to get there early.  On any given day, it seems like they make whatever they feel like making and when it's all gone, that's that.  So if you have a favorite, you may not be able to get it and if it's too late in the morning, you may be limited to a choice of one lonely donut hole or some fruit-filled thing.But go ahead and get that last donut hole because it is so good you won't believe it.  I don't know what they put in that dough or in the glaze that covers it but it is beyond delicious and addictive.  The twists are great; the apple fritter, not so much.  I can't speak for the other donuts because I'm not a fan of fruity concoctions or gourmet cronut-type things.  Johnny's offerings are definitely more posh and elevated than what you'd find at a typical neighborhood donut shop; it has the prices to match.  And the shop is really pretty and chic.The women who manned (womanned?) the shop when I was there were very friendly, though maybe a bit overwhelmed by the crowd of hungry folks eyeing the last few available donuts.  I will quibble about the fact that there's no line system; people just crowd the case and it's difficult to tell who was there first.  That's a problem because if you come between me and that last donut hole, rest assured, I will take you down.
<review# 1577,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2014,7/1/2014,112,377,1,5,4>This place is new and I think will do well if they keep up what they're doing.We took a party of 6 (including 2 kids) for lunch last weekend. The place was decorated very nicely inside. The walls of wine bottles were kind of perplexing... more than 3 of us simultaneously wondered out loud whether they would fall off in an earthquake.Anyway, we were seated promptly and the service was very friendly. For the record, there was only one other party dining there when we arrived: a couple. So, there wasn't much of an opportunity for service to be bad.We all ordered something different. The food came out quicker than I would have expected. I ordered the baby back ribs and enjoyed their incredible tenderness and flavor. The barbecue sauce was amazing! The side of fries were among the best I've had in at least a year. They managed to be thick, but not starchy. Dense, but not lacking flavor. Their coffee is also exceptional. I'm somewhat of a coffee snob, even though I stopped regularly drinking coffee a few years ago for health reasons. I had a sip of my girlfriend's coffee and was impressed at the flavor and strength. They actually apologized for it being strong when they served it... I say, bring it on!Other entrees included chicken tenders (kids), chicken sliders, pulled pork sliders, and a Chicago dog. No complains from anyone. For lunch, it was less than $100 for 6 people (remember, 2 of them were kids) including tax AND tip. I'm impressed at these reasonable prices in an area that is, for the most part, hardly a cheap one. Dinner service may be a different story, but don't write this place off until you've tried their food. It's seriously good.
<review# 1578,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2014,6/30/2014,32,145,2,4,4>Weaver's Coffee & Tea definitely deserves high praise!  I admit it... I am a coffee snob.  Coffee is my foodie passion.  If I had to make a choice to give up my dearest Chocolate or Coffee - I would leave the chocolate behind.... but fortunately, I don't have to do that - so I'll take both!  Which leads me to my fist amazing experience:A Mocha at Weaver's Coffee & TeaThis was one of the BEST Mocha's I've ever had.  The coffee/chocolate ratio was perfect - and BOTH the coffee & the chocolate were divine.  What a great treat!  Neither dominated the other.  I know I'm going off a little here - but it was fabulous!  I smiled as soon as I had a sip.My dude had a plain cup of coffee (which is what I usually get, too).  It, too, was perfect!  We opted for the lighter roast - and it was just right!  The aroma, the taste, the temperature, the caffeine buzz - all just right!  This is my "new favorite" coffee place in Marin.  Can't wait to go back.  Give it a go if you love coffee.... you'll be pleased! :o)
<review# 1579,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2014,6/29/2014,6,47,3,5,5>It's a combination burger/bbq restaurant.  They have the usual hamburger/cheeseburger (and the double - warning it might be too big to fit into your mouth) as well as a list of specialty burgers.  In a change from all the fast food places they will cook your burger to order.I had a double cowboy burger (double burger + cheddar + bacon + onion ring + bbq sauce).  The meat was moist and flavorful and the bacon/onion ring added an interesting texture contrast.  I had a side of onion rings that were good.  In the future Ill ask if they have ranch dressing or some kind of spicy sauce to go with the rings.On another visit they'd added to their menu.  The new item was a side of tater tots.  The tots were cooked perfectly.  In addition to burgers they also have hot dogs, chili, ribs, pulled pork, tri-tip and salads.The staff is friendly and the restaurant always appears to be near spotless.
<review# 1580,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2014,6/28/2014,123,157,2,3,4>Use the coupon for the fried french toast...totes worth it! This restaurant serves big portions of flavor bound comfort wrapped in warm feelings of love. There is so much care and thought put into the ingredients and decisions of each item as you will taste with each bite that enters your mouth. My husband got the Monte Cristo. This is an item you rarely see on menus these days. When you do for some reason it seems that the chef always tries to make it what it is not. Well this place has made the Queen, the 1st place trophy, the Mother of all Monte Cristo's. It is truly a meal and dessert in one. They use Texas Toast with ham and Swiss cheese. Then the dipped it in a battered that taste wise closely resembled the funnel cake batter then the French Toast batter. It was not overly sweet. When it was served the edges were the first to be tasted where they were almost like they candied. The inside when broken open melted and oozed cheese out. There was an amazing lightly sweetened red jam served with it that truly complimented the flavors though not needed. On the plate were crispy tater tots as well. I had a breakfast with eggs, amazing bacon, sourdough toast and grits. This meal was heaven on earth. We took Biscuits and Gravy to go for my son who was getting out of school and about did flips when he tasted the meal we brought him. This place is a love thing that is for sure!
<review# 1581,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2009,4/10/2009,311,173,7,14,10>I came here today for lunch with my Mom. I drove down from the city to meet her. We came here after hearing MANY good things. I walked in and was susprised at what an amazing job they did on decorating. If you had seen this space before you would understand just how much thought and work must have gone into getting this place to look so great. On top of the great look and vibe this place is fairly spacious. The tables are not piled right next to each other like so many restaurants. It gives you a feeling of space and allows for easy conversation. The Service was EXCELLENT!!! Thank you Ali and Dana. Both of you were extremely attentive, nice, and fast. I never once had to ask for a refill. Love that. Now to the food. My moms salad was great!! My chicken pesto panini was top notch! The chicken was warm and juicy, just like i like it!! Not dry at all. The portions were big (i had enough to take home), and the price was fairly inexpensive. This has quickly become one of my favorite new restaurants in my home town of Novato. I think I will even make a special trip from where i live in SF just so my city friends can experience how amazing this place is.
<review# 1582,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2009,4/8/2009,175,80,10,12,15>I've stopped by here many times, after taking the "scenic route" home from Stinson Beach... I have never, ever had a bad meal here.Excellent guacamole, crisp tacos, hefty burritos, and excellent refried beans that are just salty enough, and don't taste all watered-down.The only reason I'm not giving it five stars is because the service has been pretty slow every time I've gone in... BUT, it's not a big deal, since I've never been in a hurry while on the way home from the beach. :)
<review# 1583,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2008,4/7/2009,3618,1853,9,18,16>Muir Woods is one of the great treasures of the San Francisco Bay Area.In a little canyon amidst the sea swept grassy hills of Marin, lies this majestic forest of redwoods, so close to San Francisco but so far away in the change from city to pristine quiet and natural beauty.On this trip, we took a leisurely stroll through the woods, which had a flock of tourists and foreigners from around the world on a busy holiday weekend. Besides the sights and smells of the trees and undergrowth, there was added natural wonder when we quietly watched 3 deer eating the clovers on the forest floor right in front of us for half an hour. This is a great place to go periodically to get grounded and get a better perspective on life and where human's fit in to the world. It is rejuvenating to the spirit and soul.Costs $5, and parking is limited near the entrance lots.
<review# 1584,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2009,4/6/2009,13,26,8,5,5>This must be how it feels for some broken old teamster to walk into his bar and have his bourbon already sitting in front of his barstool when he sits down. The guy shakes my hand, seats me, and says "chicken vegetable curry pasta with extra noodles my friend, medium spicy," and doesn't even bother with his trademark, "this is going to be the best thing you ever had in your life," because he knows that I already know.
<review# 1585,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2009,4/5/2009,81,202,11,11,11>I am a huge fan of Michael's Sourdough...and just realized tonight that it has been a bit too long since I have worked my way over to that odd part of San Rafael that it is located at.Michael's is hidden within "The Loop" of San Rafael;  For those not familiar with the area, "The Loop" is a result of very poor urban planning that forces drivers in a one-way circular fashion around a series of offices, banks and other local business.  Many of these businesses have disappeared, been bulldozed over or totally forgotten as a result of the Twilight Zone Loop Nonsense.Michael's has survived the annoying drive to it by creating the best sandwiches in all of Marin.  You can't beat their fresh, warm sourdough bread with a menu of about 30 different sandwiches to choose from.  My staple is the "North Beach" (#20), but everyone has their own favorite to rave about.  If you like variety...they always have a daily special sandwich or even salads if you dare not try their bread.  (Your loss).Aside from the strange drive to this place, it should be noted that their hours of operation are nothing to rave about.  Monday through Friday from 7:30 a.m. to 3:30 p.m.  That's it.  If the Monday is one of those "half-ass" holidays, there is no chance in hell they are open either.  Memorial Day, Labor Day?  Forget about it.  Oh, and they aren't open around the last two weeks in December either...so forget that too.  And I don't like getting to a sandwich shop at 730 in the morning for lunch...so NO WONDER the line is so very long at 12 noon.  You have to get Michael's when you can get it!!
<review# 1586,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2008,4/4/2009,234,189,4,6,5>Same guy that designed the ferry building....Hog Island Oysters (soon), Ritual coffee, Taylors refresher, Three twins Ice cream....need I say More?????????Oh, and a mandatory stop for a complimentary tasting at the Brand new Mason Tasting room next door for the BEST sauvignon blanc on earth.  Perfection
<review# 1587,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/13/2008,4/3/2009,302,835,5,7,8>The Inn is an easy 4 stars...one of the places we recommended to friends and family visiting that do not mind being towards the north end of the valley. Charming grounds for sure.However, we've had extremes at the restaurant. Dinner is ideal on the cold nights when you want something gut-coating. The menu as a whole seems to be more French country-ish. Lunch and brunch are always a lot of fun. Let everyone try completely different things and share. The food is heavy regardless of how light it sounds! Now if taking in price of the food when there are many famous restaurants just in the same corridor? Minus a star..
<review# 1588,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2008,4/2/2009,277,71,7,7,8>Ever get one of those phone calls from a friend, where the words say "are you free for lunch tomorrow" but the subtext is: "big big news, cant do this over the phone."  Since I wasn't sure about the type of news, I thought that a pretty location outdoors in the sun was called for.Le Garage is my new favorite place for getting big news outdoors.  There's something very soothing about being right next to the water, sunlight glinting off of the waves and boats. There are a few seats outdoors if you prefer direct sunlight, with the majority of seating inside.You may actually prefer seating outside -- the inside can get rather noisy when it is full -- its all hard exposed concrete and there are a lot of echoes.  And when they say Le Garage - they're not kidding.  There's a rollup door that is kept open.The food is good at Le Garage, but sometimes you will have to wait a bit for the service.  I think that when they get busy, things get a bit out of control for them and they occassionally miss some details.  But, I can see them trying to catch up and that counts for a lot.
<review# 1589,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2008,4/1/2009,352,403,8,11,10>As the name says, Phyllis's is a great place to stop for a huge burger.  The portions are large, and that's a good thing because the burgers are delicious!  All sandwiches can be substituted for a piece of grilled chicken or a vegan burger.  They've got a bunch of different things you can add to spruce up your burger like avocado, sauteed mushrooms or onions, chili or even pesto.I opted for the pepper-jack 1/2lb burger which comes with pepper-jack cheese, avocado, sprouts, a chipotle sauce and served on a ciabatta bun.  At first I was skeptical if ordering "just the burger" would be enough to eat for lunch.  But moments after eating the burger I would be thrown in one of the heaviest food comas I have ever been in.  It was so intense I was left speechless except to mutter "I'm ruined!" over and over.In the midst of this debilitating yet somewhat happy food coma, I noticed Phyllis' has an outdoor patio area and a bar towards the back that probably serves beer.  Great lunch spot, pretty reasonable prices for great burgers.
<review# 1590,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2008,3/31/2009,274,1482,15,10,16>As Eugy stated, I planned a surprise weekend in Napa. I've never been to Napa. I've only been to Yountville and the only thing I do in Yountville is going to Bouchon Bakery and Ad Hoc. That's it. No other interests for me. Nope. But I wanted to try something different. So I booked a B&B in Yountville, dinner and St. Helena and then I needed to find an after dinner hang out in Napa. So we'd cover almost all the "big" cities in Napa. After some research, the only thing that sounded fun was Napa Bowl. The more I thought of it, the more fun it sounded. And I knew it's the last thing Eugy would think of. No matter how much he asked "where are we going?" "So where are you taking me?" "Is it north or south?" "Far?", I wouldn't give in. So I'm driving and we're getting really close to Napa Bowl and I couldn't help but to laugh a little. He was going to be so surprised. And he was! As we pulled up into the parking lot, he said in a very shocked, almost annoyed voice "BOWLING?!" hahaha... We walked in. Got a lane right away, got some beers and let the games begin! Neither one of us are good bowlers. We're actually very close in skill. But all that doesn't matter. All that matters is:EUGY GOT BEAT BY A GIRL. TWICE..And I have the print out to prove it. We had a great time. It was fun and different. And we got there just in time for cosmic bowling. Usually, I really like cosmic bowling cause I can get my booty shakin' on while bowling, but at this place, no music to shake my booty to. They play the radio over the loud speaker and it's a local oldies and newbies rock station. WEIRD AND WEIRD.
<review# 1591,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2010,6/23/2010,45,118,7,9,10>Best eggs benedict EVER.  I like their smoked trout salad, and I don't even like smoked trout.  My brother got huevos rancheros and declared them excellent (which is a high bar for huevos).  They serve frothy, steamy hot cocoa in little bowls.  They have fir tip tea that tastes like your best memory of christmas trees.  They serve PG Tips.  They have fresh OJ.  Local wine list is short but good.  I can't afford to come here all the time, and you have to plan a little bit of waiting for a table if you come when everyone else in the county is already there, but these issues should not stop you from enjoying the food.  Bring some extra clams to get yourself a funny little treat or toy or exotic dry goods.  If the wait is super long, just walk down the block and check out the galleries and the antique place.
<review# 1592,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2009,6/22/2010,108,294,3,6,4>This place is great! Wide open spaces for romping.Good turf - wood chips and grass (apparently more grass during winter/spring).Lots of tennis balls and other "community" toys around in case you forget yours.Nice benches placed strategically under trees make for nice shade for the peoples.Ample supply of water spigots, hoses, and bowls.And plenty of trash cans for, well, you know.
<review# 1593,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/10/2010,6/21/2010,1,186,1,14,3>Let me start off by explaining my rating.  I gave Brick and Bottle three stars - and three stars is good.  Brick and Bottle is a good, not great, restaurant.  Their menu is diverse with reasonable pricing and what we sampled from it was all adequate, but if you compare it against similar restaurants in the area, I can only describe it as good - not that there is anything wrong with good. Full disclosure - our hosts are friends with the owner, so there was what I would consider more than a normal amount of attention paid to our table.  However, even with this added awareness, the roughness of the staff was apparent.  For example, they delivered our salads and appetizers while our plates were still on the table from our pizza starters.  (We had to hold our dirty plates out of the way for them to put the new items down.)  That was followed by our entrees being delivered moments after the delivery of our salads and appetizers, which they tried to blame on the computer.  (Truthfully, they did re-fire all of our entrees, but attention to detail would have eliminated that waste.)  In addition, used glasses languished on the table most of the evening.Unlike most of the reviewers here, I was not enamored with the duck confit pizza.  It just seemed exceptionally bland to me.  On the other hand, the goat cheese pizza was very flavorful and was loaded with cheese and prosciutto. The salads and appetizers we had were all good.  Personally, I felt the crab cakes, although tasty, could do with larger chunks of crab.  (I always get suspicious of crab meat when it is in such small pieces.)  The Caesar salad was flavorful as was the peach and arugula salad.Around the table for entrees we had the meatloaf, pork chop, cheese and spare rib sandwich and spare rib.  All were deemed to be acceptable as we passed them around the table.For dessert, we shared a butterscotch pudding which was quite satisfactory.The drinkers in our group enjoyed all of the cocktails they tried.  As the non-drinker in the group, it seemed to me that the Old Fashioneds were exceptionally popular since there were several rounds of those ordered.The transformation of the physical space is very pleasing.  They have lightened up the space which makes it feel much more open and less oppressive.All-in-all, Brick and Bottle is a good restaurant and should do well.  Time and experience will resolve their service issues and it will be a welcome addition to the Marin dining scene.(They take reservations for parties of six or more.)
<review# 1594,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2009,6/20/2010,423,254,4,14,5>Amazing views of wine country, in a uncrowded 850 acre park.Its hard not to like a trail park thats a stones throw from where you live, but Shiloh Ranch is worthy of visiting even if you drive. Many great reasons to come here:- views of vineyards, hills, wine country-  variety of trails, can do short or long hikes.- friendly to bikes, trail runners, hikers, and horses. (no dogs on trails...grrrrrr)- picnic area. (allows leashed dogs.)Do take a few minutes to glance at the trail map and plan your route. Although signs/maps are better here than other trails. If you want more strenuous uphill, start the trails going left, as you face the hills. For easier, more downhill, go right. Note that in both, especially going downhill, good shoes and careful footing are important. Much of the trails are shaded, so while you do get some direct sun exposure, generally its comfortable even mid day.Parking, if you park right there, is $6. Its un-monitored, but its a good idea in these times to help support your parks. Many people just park on the street instead.work off a few of those wine country calories and enjoy great views, uncrowded trails!_________________________________From website:What you need to know:Restrictions No swimming, wading or boating allowed in pond at the top of Shiloh Ridge. No drinking water or restrooms are available outside the picnic area.Facilities Gazebo and picnic areas with barbecues, flush restrooms and drinking water at trailhead.HighlightsThe park consists of 850 acres. The park's highlights include: natural woodland area, and over 3 miles of trails for hiking, bicycle and horseback riding. There is a large gravel parking lot and a paved parking lot for vehicles. The picnic grounds have barbecues, a gazebo, lawn area, trash cans and flush restrooms. The picnic area is available for group reservations.
<review# 1595,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2010,6/19/2010,248,493,13,8,8>Lokal is fresh, local is fun. Lokal is ...local (please pardon the pun) At last there's a place to get spaetzel - this place is the one. Buttery, oniony German noodles, on your plate - you'll leave none. The menu is small, but that's true of any Gastropub. What they lack in variety, they make up for in good grub. Stuffed cabbage with lentils, crispy golden spiced fries, bratwurst sandwiches the size of my thighs, big burgers and great beer, yes we were THIS close to a cheer, surely none of us would mind to come back here. The schnitzel is gorgeous and has a great crunch - but man, it needed salz to give it some punch. One thing severely lacking, and simply must be said; was the notable absence of all types of bread! I wanted the brotchen, I wanted a chewy dense spread. I wanted a bretzel the size of my head! I did without, and this part I dread. Trotted down the street and bought some hot from the Boulangerie instead! The service was friendly, prompt and had tact. They say once you go Lokal, you keep coming back.
<review# 1596,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2010,6/18/2010,15,46,3,4,3>YES! I love frozen yogurt, and I love it when I decide how much of each flavor (and topping) I get, since I usually want less than even a standard "small" is. Swirl has a good selection of flavors and toppings.I will say that the actual quality of the yogurt is somewhat higher at Woody's Yogurt in Strawberry Village-- they bring in flavors from a few brands that make AMAZING froyo --but they serve me way more than I usually want and I have no willpower.So if you're looking for great frozen yogurt at a good price exactly how you want it-- Swirl!
<review# 1597,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/29/2009,6/17/2010,147,287,18,19,18>I'm the human equivalent of a '73 Chevy.Bits are falling off of me, left and right.My teeth (well, tooth) is all messed up, and now I needed glasses. Yep, even though my vision's 20/20, I have astigmatism, and needed to snag some reading glasses, so off I went.Their frame selection isn't bad - plenty to choose from, although to me, they all looked the same. I asked for help, but didn't really get it - the girl who was supposed to be helping me out, took my insurance info and disappeared. Every so often I'd ask for her opinion on a set of frames, and she'd half-heartedly glance up and say "Those look good". Honestly, once I messed with her, tried on a pair of thick pink womens' frames and asked - yup, same response.But, they helped me keep within my budget, even though I had to pay for all the options I was unaware didn't come standard. "Oh, your insurance pays for basic lenses. You don't get the UV coating, the non reflective glare, the scratch resistant material, the rustproofing, the bumper-to-bumper clearcoating..."And ready in 2 business days. Happy with the glasses I got, even though it feels incredibly weird to wear 'em.
<review# 1598,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2009,6/16/2010,340,166,23,10,13>Eating at Cattlemen's isn't just a meal.  It's an event.  My wife and I get up early the day we have supper here.  We eat a big breakfast and skip lunch.  At 4:30 in the afternoon, I switch into my matching denim jacket and pants.  She throws on the sequined vest she made in sewing class.  We stroll into the restaurant with the confident swagger of cattle rustlers who just won the gold at the Sonoma County Fair. The smells of butchered meat and battered fish waft to our table from a cooking station there in the back.  I  feel manly despite having done nothing to get this carcass meat onto my shiny white plate.  All-You-Can-Eat-Salad?  I really don't think that's necessary, but it's very hospitable nonetheless.  All-You-Can-Eat-Beans?  Now you're talking!  Smother that T-Bone and order another bottle of wine.  We're the Queen and the King at this feast.        I walked in like a hungry bull, but ambled out of here like a stuffed cow before her sunrise milking; my eyes were evidently bigger than my stomachs.  Wednesday night is half-off any bottle on their wine list night.  That helps the pocketbook.  And it keeps the wife happy, too.
<review# 1599,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2009,6/15/2010,100,150,7,6,8>$140 for a AAA rate in Sonoma ain't half bad friends.  They allow dogs here too!  One might think to themselves.."Self. Why would I want to stay in a dog hotel?" Most people don't like to be in the dog house, but get up in it.This dog house won't punish you with less than average hotel charm.  The website DOES do it justice. It IS that nice of a Best Western.  We got upgraded to a King Suite because our room wasn't ready at check in time.  The bed was comfortable and I didn't try to grab the comforter across the room with my big toe because it didn't look nasty.  Very clean overall.Good game.
<review# 1600,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2009,6/14/2010,54,279,2,2,1>I'm knocking off a star for the lack of healthy food but if you are looking for a GIANT burrito this is the place. Fast service, good food, and a decent size bag of chips with your to-go order. I literally have not had a burrito that big in a long time, super burrito was huge. Their salsa bar looked pretty good but since I was getting food to-go I only tried 2 salsa's which were both tasty. Saw a chile relleno burrito on the menu, I think I'll try that next time. The staff was pretty friendly but there were 5 obnoxious girls there ordering when I came who acted like they owned the place and kept going behind the counter...not professional or clean! Overall great food and pretty good experience.
<review# 1601,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/1/2008,10/5/2008,58,91,5,8,6>People complaining about the wait at Toast crack me up -- the time it takes me to drive from San Francisco to Mill Valley plus the wait for a table at Toast is shorter than the wait for a table at Ella's, Zazie or any other popular brunch establishment in the city. I'll blame it on suburban brain scrambling caused by drive-thru preschool and football field-size parking lots. Anyway, back to Toast -- great savory dishes, especially the Eggs Blackstone (amazing spicy hollandaise) and the Marin scramble (buffalo mozzarella, avocado and tomato). Minus one star for the sides -- bland potatoes and sad, melon-laden fruit salad. Ambiance is also a little tough to come by -- it's really just a diner setting -- but taking a few hours away from the city is all the relaxation I need.
<review# 1602,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2007,10/4/2008,12,36,5,4,4>I was here for a rehearsal dinner, and we rented out the whole place. Staff were lovely, and the room was super cute. The bed was very comfy and warm, and it was a nice place to mellow out before all of the rush of the wedding the next day (I was a bridesmaid). My only complaint is that my morning shower took way too long to heat up -- after about 2 minutes of it running, I figured it only got up to lukewarm and hopped in. Then 5 minutes later it finally got warm. Minus one point for that. If this was a dive I wouldn't care, but when you're paying a lot to stay at a nice inn, the least they can do is have a functioning hot water heater. Oh well. My husband had a hot shower (after I heated it up) and thought I was crazy.Really, it was a lovely place, but I'm still grumpy about my lukewarm shower.
<review# 1603,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2007,10/3/2008,121,5,3,3,3>Unfortunately.... I have to update my review, right after getting that nice Review of the Day accolade.  Cafe Divino is still great, but their $6 breakfast has been impacted by the cost of fuel. The once gigantic side of fruit is now simply a small portion.  Oh well... yet another reason to vote for Obama/Biden.---original review-----Cafe Divino is another great reason to leave the fog and chill of San Francisco behind and head across the bridge to God's country... Marin...But if you're a city snob, that's ok... I don't mind that I can get a table here easily.Caffe Divino is a small, Italian restaurant which serves good coffee and excellent breakfast dishes in the mornings.It's also an amazingly great deal.  For $6 you can get their Salsicce, which is two eggs cooked sunny side up in olive oil, accompanied by some great sausage, home-made foccacia and a gigantic bowl of fresh fruit or sauteed fresh vegetables.For $6 dollars!!!! At Starbucks, a similar amount of lesser quality fruit would cost you $4.95 alone.The staff includes a very friendly barrista of spanish descent (I think her name is Elizabeth), and two Italians... real Italians... from italy.  It's awesome hearing them speak to each other in that language they use... I think it's called Italian too...not sure... just know it sounds so nice and  musical.  One of the servers can seem a little grumpy, but that may be just because I don't speak Italian.Seriously.. this place is great in the morning, and has live music in a cozy atmosphere most nights.
<review# 1604,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2008,9/30/2008,81,202,6,8,7>The coolest thing about Scotty's is that, every Thanksgiving, I can act like I slaved away in my kitchen preparing a huge, tasty home-made Turkey dinner with all the "fixins" ...when the real truth is I drive here hung-over that morning and pick up everything I pre-ordered from the deli earlier in the week.  The main draw of this market is just that....the deli.  Tons of tasty homemade food made fresh daily.  I can't help but grab a sandwich here at least once a week, and their soups and salads are great as well. Usually I won't buy things like toothpaste or detergent here, as you can get that at Safeway or Longs just down the street for a better price.  If you want a good "home-cooked" meal at a decent price and can ACT like you cooked it in your kitchen, though?  This place will be one of my favorites for as long as I live in Marin...which...let's face it...probably forever.
<review# 1605,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2008,9/29/2008,714,2047,8,6,8>Pretty damn beautiful.I've only been here a couple of times, but both were memorable.  The last time I was here, I was relying on my companions to get me to the airport in time so that I wouldn't miss my flight back to L.A. so I wouldn't miss an important meeting, which I had foregone tickets to see Tanya Donelly--Tanya Donelly!--to attend.  So imagine my surprise when my normally reliable and expert outdoorsman guide got lost!  So we were trying to get back down the mountain, and I had no idea whether I'd get to Oakland International in time to make my flight.Well, I did make my flight, but I got dropped off at Oakland literally eighteen minutes before boarding ended.  This was in the pre-September 11 days when you could actually get through a security line quickly if you were likely to be late for your flight.  When I got to my meeting, I still had thistles in my shoes.
<review# 1606,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2008,9/28/2008,523,353,5,5,4>We took the word of some friendly locals on our hike on the Dawn Falls Trail (Baltimore canyon) and headed over to Picco for their delicious pizza. Expectations were set somewhat high since they told us it's the best pizza around these parts and the lemonade is the best as well.Coming in on a Sunday early afternoon, we were lucky enough to get seated immediately at the bar (there are hooks for your bags ladies!). I got the margarhita, bf got margarhita with procuitto (extra $7 HOLY CRAPHOOLA IS THAT EXPENSIVE FOR 4 SLICES OF PORK ON YOUR PIZZA!!!!), of course the bf did not see that it was $7 before he ordered it. Hahaha.Most of their pizzas are not with your regular red sauce. They serve mostly white pizzas with gourmet frou frou locally grown toppings. Since I feel like I can judge a pizzeria by their red sauce, I can confidently say that I am a huge fan of their margarita pizza. The margarita comes with the freshest cheese, and the sauce.... So good. Nice light and warms you up on the inside. The crust was spotted with charred bits from the wood burning oven, and was crispy, soft, and chewy (maybe a little too chewy b/c my jaw was getting kind of sore by the end of my pizza). Characterized by 4 small basil leaves on each slice, I do wish they added a little more basil on this pizza. (hence the 4 star rating).I had a slice of the specialized b/c my friend ordered it. I personally preferred the margarhita pizza, but that may be because I love red sauce. Price was kinda expensive, but that was already expected. p.s. $8 for gazpacho! HOLY MOLEY!  Still not as holy moley as $7 - 4 slices of procuitto though. That's a RIP OFFFFFF.If I'm in this hood, I would come back, and next time I'm going for their soft serve with sea salt and olive oil. That sounds interesting. Or ice cream with that hard shell. SOUNDS SO GOOD.
<review# 1607,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2007,9/27/2008,157,310,6,6,6>Thank you Ali Gato R. for brining me to this hip hop class! For a couple of months now she has been trying to drag me along up to Marin on a Sunday morning. I mean, honestly, on a Sunday?! Could it POSSIBLY be that fun?!Yes, it is. It is definitely worth the agony of getting up so damn early on a Sunday. Jackie is so cute and she is a little ball of energy just bursting all over the place; it's great and it really pumps you up. She goes over the steps to make sure we all have the routine down and then we just do it over and over again, adding more steps as we go along. I was a little rusty since it's been years since I've even stepped foot in a dance studio. I have 13 years of ballet training so I figured I'd catch onto the steps (which I did) but I did look a little goofy doing hip hop because I am so lifted and not all into the floor. So if you're worried about looking foolish don't be; chances are there will be somebody in there that's worse than you.If you hate going to the gym but love to dance, this is a great work out that is loads of fun.
<review# 1608,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2007,9/26/2008,40,415,2,2,3>We had a great time here last night. First off I like the decor/setting a lot - very warm and comfortable from the wood ceiling to the large booths to the soft lighting. We also had very good service - unlike some small plates places where you have to beg for new dishes they were quick to trade ours out. Nice fun cocktail selection as well as beers and wines. We tried a lot of things and enjoyed all of it - the avocado bruschetta, cauliflower gratin, arancini, pappardelle, roast chicken, and mini burgers. The cauliflower, arancini and mini burgers were my favorites of these. Possibly winning first place however were the fantastic madeleines and milkshakes we shared for dessert. We had a group of 4 so we got 4 mini milkshakes and 4 madeleines (they also did this for the burgers, giving us 4 instead of 3). I didn't think I wanted the madeleine until I tried it - it was like molten case, warm and gushing with hot chocolate filling - so fantastic!!! For the amount we had and the overall experience we thought it was very well priced. I'd be happy to come back any time!!!
<review# 1609,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2008,9/24/2008,174,225,8,6,6>* Warning: There are as many winding curves in the road to this beach as there are Yelpers reviewing Blue Bottle. Or as many cars on the road. Car-sicky people, uh, go to a different beach. Hah! A beach for people who get motion sickness, that'd be hilarious. ANYwho--- this beach was fabulous - once we got there. It was so relaxing and rejuvenating-- a great stop in the midst of my San Francisco visit. I think everyone stays at the beach longer than they intend to, partially just because they're putting off the snakelike path that will take them home.
<review# 1610,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2008,9/23/2008,65,35,5,5,5>I think these were the best gosh-darn fish tacos I've ever had. I would have eaten like 10 of them. The drawback is yes, you only get 3 not-very-big ones for $12, but damn they are good. Leave 'em wanting more.Sure, it's pricy. But come on, it's Sausalito, it's sustainable, and miracle-of-miracles, it's a waterfront restaurant with actually good food.
<review# 1611,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2008,11/4/2008,278,355,8,10,12>Dr. Wingfield is a great sports doctor.  I inflamed my achilles doing a century ride with some new shoes and further aggravated it running the next day.  After 2 weeks of DIY treatment to no avail, I setup an appointment with her at the SF St Francis location.  Luckily she had a spot open the next day!At first I didn't want to waste my time seeing a doctor.  I thought for sure she'd just tell me to take a couple of ibuprofens and don't train for 2 months.  But my friend, a hardcore ironman triathlete always sees her and convinced me otherwise.  In fact she's an athlete herself and understands that folks like us wouldn't just sit still and let things heal while big races are upon us.  I like that she balances medical advice with the realities of life.  She gave me a full regiment of stretching, massage, ice, ART therapy, strength exercises, and a perscription for some dang expensive medicated pads.  I was able to get through my race adequately.  And now I have more time to properly heal before next year.  Go see Dr. Wingfield, she takes insurance... in network for me.  And if prescriptions aren't covered by insurance, she will try to give you an OTC alternative... especially for $180 medicated patches!
<review# 1612,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/24/2007,11/3/2008,120,313,5,5,6>For me, this is the store that saved Christmas 2007.  More about that later.My niece is four and a half.  I keep waiting for her to hit her girly doll phase, but so far it's not happening.  She's more interested in tagging along with what her six year-old brother is doing - trains, toy airplanes, puzzles, etc.  The only sort of girly maternal instincts she's showing is taking care of her constant companion, a teddy bear named Pinky.  Last year when B. wanted a bed for Pinky, I got her one at Toys R Us - luckily it was cute because it was the only doll bed they had.  Here they have a dozen to choose from.  They also carry every Thomas the Tank train and accessory imaginable.  If you know a boy or girl who's into dolls or trains, this is a really great place to shop.  They have a much bigger and better selection of items in those categories than they do at Target and Toys R Us.  And that's only a small fraction of what's in the store - the rest of the stuff is a huge selection for the serious (i.e. grown-up) doll and train enthusiast.Anyway, B.'s Pinky is actually the second Pinky.  She lost the first one, a gift to her when she was a baby, two years ago while on vacation.  My sister and I searched far and wide for the same pink teddy bear with "It's A Girl" stitched over its heart, but no luck.  Luckily, B. embraced her replacement Pinky.  However, this year she asked for another Pinky for Christmas.  I was expecting to buy her just another pink teddy bear.  However, on the teddy bear shelves in this store, just right before I was about to leave, I spotted her: a duplicate of the original Pinky.  I cannot wait to see the look on my niece's face on Christmas morning!
<review# 1613,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2008,11/2/2008,121,139,6,6,5>I've only been here during the lunch buffet, and every time I come, I always regret it. Not because of the service, I've always received good service from this restaurant: My water was constantly filled, my naan kept on coming, etc.Not because of the food, I thinks it's delicious! While some of my co-workers can cook up a MUCH better rice, Bombay's hits the spot also. Not because of the decor, or the videos. I've always wanted to take some of those mirrors home with me, and I LOVE the videos.... LOVE THEM. What makes me regret coming here, is that I always eat WAY to much and I have to keep myself awake from a food coma once I get back to work! If you've never had Indian food before, and are a little scared, you will feel very comfortable at Bombay Garden. All the dishes have a little description, and since it's a buffet you can serve yourself a little bit, just to try it out.
<review# 1614,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2008,11/1/2008,1345,369,5,5,5>Main Street in Tiburon is a soft refection of what the good ol' days looked like. Thin streets, quaint shops, and a warm inviting feel.I was at Cafe Acri for a business meeting and I must say, just driving out here is pleasant. Driving along the coastline of Marin into this sleepy mid week town is soothing. ( Definitely a different story on the weekends when visiting Sam's)Cafe Acri has a nice selection of breakfast items, the staff is friendly and it's a place where everyone truly does know everyone. Sitting at the very head of Main Street, it's a gathering spot for morning dog walkers, late morning snacks and a nice cup of coffee. While distinctly Tiburon, the modern accents makes for a great combo. I'm personally not a coffee drinker, but I didn't mind coming here for a business meeting.
<review# 1615,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2008,10/31/2008,3,8,3,6,5>Don't trust the negative reviews about Sorella, this place rocks! My boyfriend and I live just a few blocks from the restaurant and we love to take a walk over to this comfortable, local italian restaurant. The wait staff is always quick to seat us and knows the balance between providing good, friendly, service and also letting their guests have privacy and enjoy their meals. Greg is great!I usually get the salmon in white wine sauce with pasta and a glass of pinot grigio. After getting sat you're quickly set up with olives, bread and this amazing cheese. The atmosphere here is homey and down to earth with windows all around the restaurant, decked out in gold lights and with multiple fireplaces. Upon finishing dinner you'll receive both animal crackers and gummi bears for dessert, that is if you have the appetite to dare try finishing them off : )
<review# 1616,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2008,10/30/2008,228,488,2,3,5>Great location, yummy food, and great service.  A date and I took the ferry over to Tiburon for the Yelp Elite event and a movie at the Tiburon Film Festival and we agreed that our favorite part of the night was when we snuck away from crowd and had a nice meal in the lower part of the restaurant.We shared two dishes--the Camarones al Chipotle and the Tamales con nopales y platanos (I think it had a special name, but I can't remember it right now).  I live in the mission and so am used to spending less (our meal was about $50 with drinks--note that the margaritas are $8 each and not worth the amount), but the food was fresher/higher end than most places I've been to in the mission.  Honestly, it tasted closer to places I've eaten in Mexico, although I'm still looking for huitlacoche tacos (corn fungus, yum!).  The food is similar to Dona Tomas in Oakland and Tacubaya on 4th Street in Berkeley (both of which I like a lot!), but Guyamas has nicer decor and incredible views of the city.  I highly recommend a ferry ride and dinner at this spot for a perfect romantic evening. :)
<review# 1617,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/13/2008,10/29/2008,200,621,7,8,10>What an amazing place to people watch. It's not much good for much more than that, but oh, the people. The view is pretty too.. as long as the boats don't rev their engine too much. I have to admit that this is marked my first trip to Tiburon. After a few hours of walking through the hills of Golden Gate National Park, my friends and I needed a beer and food. The beer was expensive and I think it was mis-marked on the menu. Apparently, a domestic beer, which was said to cost $4, doesn't actually count all domestic beers. The good domestic beers are actually prices as non-domestic beers. They fail to mention that on the menu. Whatever. $5.50 isn't unheard of for a bottle of Flat Tire. But meh. I had some fish and chips, because after a hike, you need grease. And grease I got. They were average. The fries were decent through. The best part of the meal was the tartar sauce, which was nice and lemon-y. But for $11, I expect more. The service was prompt and friendly. I am glad to say that I was actually pleasantly surprised in this department. But screw all that, let me talk about the people. Next to our table, there was a family with a few kids. The mother loudly announced the seating arrangements while they sat down and continuously yelled orders at the kids while they sat there. Further down, there were a group of early 20s, in sun dresses, tight t-shirts and aviator shades. There was a lot of high-fiving, yelling across the ENTIRE restaurant and telling each other how great they were. Two tables over from that, there was a birthday party with late 20s taking shots. Oh, and here is the best one. I went to the bathroom and there was a 40-something woman with bleach blond hair, redoing her make up. She had a gold tank top on that showed off her fantastically plastic alterations and was about 2 sizes too small, and were wearing shorts that showed off half her ass. They were gold as well. They looked like gym shorts for 10 year olds. But they were gold. What can I tell you. The people watching was... gold...
<review# 1618,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2008,10/28/2008,164,29,7,5,4>Bold statement warning: Best sushi I've had in America!**Upon returning from a two-week sushi binge in Japan last year, I was fat, unshaven, and reeked of the sea. And missing an eye, which I covered with a traditional Eye Patch of the Carribean. Actually I was depressed because I thought I'd been ruined for sushi by the likes of the Tsukiji fish market and Midorizushi in Tokyo. That is, until my boss took a group of us to Sushi Ran!We had a 35 minute wait, which we gladly spent double-fisting beer and sake in a comfortable loungy bar-ish area next door until the hostess personally came to fetch us when our table was ready, which was a nice touch.We tried everything off the "Fresh from Tsukiji Fish Market" menu, which among other things included some amazing trout with shiso leaf nigiri and of course, toro. Their ankimo was pretty much a perfect 10. **(opinion might be biased due to my being wasted at the time and the meal being free)
<review# 1619,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2008,10/27/2008,26,73,3,4,4>My praise for Atelier Joya could be misconstrued as being biased, due to a particular familial relation with one of the three masterminds behind the fabulous event production team, however, don't be fooled... If there is one thing I have an eye for, it is for those small details that either make or break an event.            This past Memorial Day I attended an event that is duplicated by millions (this may be an exaggeration but, bare with me) of Americans, ready to fuel up on beef and booze. Being one of the "millions" of Memorial Day BBQ'ers, I RSVP'd for a Memorial Day party hosted by none other than Atelier Joya's Stephanie W.             Three adjectives: Organized, Adventitious, and Imaginative. All three of these attributes permeated the backyard-bash and made it impossible not to enjoy myself. The food selection of the day integrated seafood, veggie, and beef-kabobs with the usual backyard bbq favorites. Guests instantly felt at home as the hostess, along with a group of helpers, created an atmosphere of orchestrated hospitality. This is definitely a business to keep your eye on and in your iPhone... after all, everyone needs to throw a party without the worry of actually throwing a party.
<review# 1620,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2008,10/26/2008,534,573,7,12,10>Can you say - GI - NOR - MOUS?That's what you can expect when having breakfast here.We're always looking for new places to experience and with the help of Yelp Mobile, Lundy's Home Cooking came highly recommended.I ordered the corned beef hash with eggs over easy. There was a corn beef hash combo with eggs benedict, Canadian bacon - and I thought that was awaaaaaay too much! When my breakfast was delivered, it was heaped high with corned beef and potatoes with the eggs, perfectly cooked, right on top. I managed to eat the eggs and I made a valiant effort to eat the corned beef (which was very tasty, not too salty) - but it hardly looked like I made a dent in it.Lundy's is truly a diner atmosphere. The dining quarters are cramped. The best seats in the house are at the counter. Service is friendly and efficient. I had a 11 am appointment and they got me in and out within 45 minutes.The next time S and I return here to have breakfast, we're going to split a meal.
<review# 1621,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2008,7/6/2008,399,1188,,6,8>The views may not be quite as jaw-dropping as at Old St Hilary's, but that's sort of like saying a Seniore's pizza isn't as drool-worthy as an Arizmendi pizza.  Besides, you can get in a much longer walk here, plus check out some neat rock formations, and all in all it makes for another gorgeous Marin hike.  The preserve was almost developed, and as it is the houses can be sort of eerily close in places, making it feel like you're in someone's backyard.  The abundance of use trails can make it hard to follow the "official" trails, but it's easy enough to keep your bearings on the relatively open hillside.
<review# 1622,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2008,7/5/2008,361,1026,17,12,14>It's a little young for me.  We all have an inner child.  But this is more your inner infant.The building and exhibits weren't broken or dirty or anything, they just seemed a little shabby.  Fish tanks were murky and the stuffed starfish was fraying at the seams.But who am I to judge?  Every kid here was beyond happy.  They were engaged, animated, exploring.  Several hundred little ones and no peep of misbehavior or crying.  I've never seen anything like it.If you're a single guy here I suggest not touching any of the kids.  Parents could get the wrong idea.  Just saying....
<review# 1623,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/22/2008,7/4/2008,2,11,3,4,2>I visited Nickel & Rose this past weekend.  I read a couple reviews in local papers talking about a new, swanky bar and thought, hmm, Marin doesn't really have anything in the way of DJ lounges, should be worth checking out.There are some good, potentially great things about Nickel & Rose, and a couple of issues that overwhelm their good intentions.   Overall I liked, but i wish they would not try and compete with SF -  most of us here live in Marin for a reason or three , and we don't live in SF for a reason or three - keeping the "marin" quirkiness would serve them well.The space is nice - I love the back area banquettes.  The bar is well laid out, except for the glasses right in front of the bar, so the bartenders constantly knocked them again and again when reaching over to hear the customer give their order.  When it gets busy, the walkway between the bar and the banquettes  is very crowded and the little seat-poofs provided don't help, but not sure how they could fix other than getting rid of the seat-poofs, and I love the seat-poofs.  The specialty cocktail menu is phenomenal; inventive and I want to try every cocktail on the menu.  I first ordered a Negro Agave (?) with blueberries, and my friend ordered a Men's Leisure (?).  Then for the second round we ordered each other drink's. The first round was delicious - maybe a little bit light in alcohol, but highly drinkable and very tasty.  The second round of drinks was made by a different bartender and they were absolutely horrendous - way too strong; almost to the point of being undrinkable.  If you're going to go out of your way and invest in a great list of cocktails, make sure your staff can make them fairly consistently, again and again.  And you should advertise them on a chalkboard above the bar, not just a few small menus around the bar - you'd sell WAY more.  And they deserve lots of attention - that pear liqueur is awesome.The DJ booth is nice - massive kudos for having a separate entrance for the DJ to bring his equipment in. I know from personal experience how difficult it can be to navigate that issue and they did a great job here.  The DJ though - wow.  Just...wow.  I'm not sure who thought the DJ actually QUALIFIES as a DJ, but I can assure you that is not a DJ.  Doing a mash-up of En Vogue and Spandeau Ballet should qualify you for extermination.  The DJ totally killed the vibe.  Within 5 minutes you had people on the dance floor and then people off the dance floor.  Look at your crowd.  Mix of old-time regulars and new-comer hipsters.  And your DJ is a 22 year old with his baseball cap on sideways to indicate "urbaness" playing Barry White Slow Jams mixed in with 90's soft-rap and 80's new wave.  Total clusterf**.   And his idea of mixing is squelching the bass into mass effect, which, maybe, MAYBE works in a large box-club atmosphere where you have the right equipment, but in a lounge-bar - ouch.  Find a DJ who can play lounge music, classic music and some old school west coast rap and you'll be fine.  Don't go too trendy, don't go  too edgy and don't pick a 22 year old who can't keep his pants up.  Overall, i'll be back for sure - there's so much good stuff here it's worth seeing how they iron out the few kinks.  And kudos for even trying something different!
<review# 1624,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2008,7/3/2008,287,1009,2,4,4>You don't find a lot of Puerto Rican food on the West Coast, so when we drove by the other day and I saw the sign, I immediately wanted to check it out. The food was excellent! The owner greeted us and talked us through the menu and made some suggestions for lunch. I had the mixto plate which gave me a sampling of tostones and maduros. I was in plantain heaven! They came to the table piping hot and tasty. The homemade pique hot sauce was a great accompaniment to the perfectly fried tostones. A lot of the ingredients at Sol Food are wheat free and vegan and they use hormone free eggs and there are lots of organic options; They have a wide variety of fresh squeezed juices. I opted for the limeade which was perfectly tart and sweet and served in a big Mason style jar. Sol Food is loud, lively and all around fun. It's also open until 2 a.m. on Fridays and Saturdays for those late night Puerto Rican food cravings.
<review# 1625,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2008,7/1/2008,9,15,,4,3>San Rafael Joe's has been around forever. At least as long as I've lived here; and it seems to be a landmark or some kind of icon, with its neon green sign that signifies that indeed, it is Joe's. Inside, the wait staff and hosts are incredibly nice. It's got a weird vibe and I've heard rumours that it may be owned (or at least at one point in time was owned) by the mob. They have a pretty decently stocked bar and incredible specials, both entree and drink. Last night, I ordered the chicken parmesan with the ravioli. I forgot to ask but I ended up with ravioli with meat sauce (and normally I don't eat meat), and the ravioli had some sort of meat inside which I'm still not sure what exactly it was, but it was really really good. I had one of their martini specials, my favourite cocktail, the cosmopolitan made with Grey Goose. My partner had the steak diane, one of the specials of the night, and I tried a bite. Again, I don't normally eat red meat, but the steak was melt in your mouth goodness.  We also ordered the fried calamari as our appetizer. I thought they were well done, not overly fried and chewy, and not under cooked. San Rafael Joe's gives good service and their meals, including entrees are very well proportioned: Not too big and not too small. They offer bar seating as well as table seating for both large and small parties. Our server was very attentive and made sure we were well taken care of.  He didn't force dessert on us like some servers, but instead asked if we were "too full" for dessert. And we were because we literally waddled out of the restaurant. If you are local or visiting and looking for some really good Italian food with an interesting atmosphere, look no further:  San Rafael Joe's should be your stop for your next dinner date.
<review# 1626,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2008,6/30/2008,28,37,1,6,4>I just happen to be coming to San Rafael today and I decided that I wanted a massage. Based on previous Yelp reviews I called Jeff.  He promptly called me back and happened to have an appointment available.  I came into his office with a pain in my shoulder and a body needing of some major care.  Jeff 's touch did it.  I got off the table, totally relaxed without any pain in my shoulder!Jeff  was very professional, and his massage techniques were really good. (I'm also a bodyworker...and very picky!)  I highly recommend Jeff for massage in San Rafael!
<review# 1627,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2007,6/29/2008,115,93,6,5,6>Having grown up in Marin, I'm embarrassed to admit I got lost on the way to meet my parents at the Buckeye for dinner. I mean, it's right off the freeway! WTF am I retarded or is this place really exclusive? Don't answer that....Anyhoo, once I arrived, we had a lovely, meaty dinner in the upstairs area. Apps were oysters covered in cheesy deliciousness (YUM) and the iceberg wedge was simple but tasty. Prime Rib Monday = YES!Don't you love dinner with the 'rents? (especially when they foot the bill!)
<review# 1628,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2008,6/28/2008,224,712,10,12,14>Crazy beautiful.I wasn't all that keen on heading back here again...I mean honestly...you've seen one redwood you've kinda seen them all. But a friend-in-town hadn't...and he wanted to go.We got lucky with parking right in the front. Nevermind the 'Muir Woods, Parking Full' sign we passed on 101 a few miles up...we figured at 4pm on a Sunday we might get lucky.Didn't plan to hike...but we did. 3 miles in fact. It was great to get off the beaten path where everyone, their 10 children and Grandma were sight-seeing...and actually get a little sweaty and dusty on smaller trails.Greenery and the smell of fresh earth...two of my favorite things. The sun filtered through the trees in an ethereal way. The hike reminded me of Rancho San Antonio...but with more shade and lots of redwoods. And...polka music??? Turns out the Tourist Center serves up more than just beverages..they have music too. It was almost eerie listening to the cheery polka accompany us on our jaunt.Hike over...time to eat. My favorite part. But yes...glad we went.
<review# 1629,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2008,6/27/2008,66,253,3,4,4>My ATM card was bruised after eating here. It's freakin' expensive - 25 simoleons for a crab roll, which I could make myself for a $10 trip to 99 Ranch. However, that $10 trip would not include a beautiful view of the bay and a choice of delicious micro brews. Well, for that matter, it would also not include me and my friends acting all fishy as we lurked around trying to bogart a picnic table. Expensive and crowded. So why the four stars?Well, we did bogart a picnic table and spent the next four hours pounding beers and inhaling those pricey, yet tender and buttery crab rolls, along with some of the best fish and chips I've ever had. The staff was kind enough to let us hang out and drink, long after the last Marin-ite went home. So, in essence, it was worth it. p.s. for the income bracket that most of their patrons are obviously in, they must think their housekeeper follows them everywhere - these people were pigs in the bathroom. TP, diapers, and toilet seat covers everywhere. For how busy this place is, I'm sure they don't have the staff to tidy up after their customers' filthy bathroom habits. But really, no one should have to. Have some common courtesy people!
<review# 1630,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2008,6/26/2008,1313,252,8,13,14>A romantic getaway in San Francisco would not be complete without seeing the beautiful Golden Gate Bridge.  And if you cross the bridge going north, from San Francisco to Sausalito, and then make the very short drive west, up the hill to Battery Spencer, you'll be treated to a spectacular view of the GGB and the San Francisco skyline.  This is one of the most popular spots for photographing the GGB and definitely the best place to take photos of the towers of the bridge.  A must-see or place to visit for all tourists, photographers and the hopeless romantic.  And like all the other wonderful places to view the bridge up-close, it costs you absolutely nothing to get up here!
<review# 1631,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2010,5/18/2011,38,48,5,6,7>It's fast food, people.  I don't get negative reviews of In N Out stating you can find better burgers elsewhere.  I challenge you to find me a better burger in town for the same price.  As far as "fast food" places go, In N Out is the best.  They stick to what they're good at -- burgers and fries.  You won't find chicken patties, fish fillets, or any other nonsense here.  Just burgers, fries, and shakes.  They're extremely accommodating for customized orders.  They offer a "protein style" for those on low carb kicks, which is a burger wrapped in lettuce instead of the bun, "animal style," which is extra special sauce, grilled onions, and pickles, and a grilled cheese for vegetarians (a burger without the patty, basically.)    I take my cheeseburger with extra grilled onions and my fries well done.  Or I'll just skip the burger altogether and order animal style fries -- french fries topped with melted cheese, grilled onions, and special sauce.You're definitely not going to get a gourmet meal here, but really, who expects it at this price point?  It's the best you can get when you're in the mood for cheap calorie-ridden eats.As other reviewers have noted, this particular In N Out is a little slow.  I don't know if that's because it's busier or less staffed or the setup of the drive-thru.  In any case, expect to wait if you're coming during peak hours.
<review# 1632,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2010,5/17/2011,340,166,12,12,17>The first day of school is a very well-defined day with its bright spots and lurking shadows.  Anxiety and hope mingle with the smell of brand new shoes.  We've all been here before.  Summer is still brewing, but the feeling of Spring lands on the minds like a freshly started brand new beginning.  I dropped off the first grader first and walked the fourth grader forth.  She saw her neighborhood friend at the front of the line laughing with his buddies.  He glanced at us, but he was too cool to be able to pull away and say hi to us.  I totally understood.  Who's young enough to be able to say that their elementary school had a website?  Mine did not.  We had chalk boards and dittos instead of web postings and emails.  I walked to school uphill sideways and everything was downhill from there.  Sorry, that's a whole different story.  After four years at McXXXXXXX Elementary, it's exciting to be part of a promising new curriculum.  And to top it off, my daughter was interviewed about her new school in the local paper.  napavalleyregister.com/nIt's looking to be like it's going to be a great school year.
<review# 1633,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2010,5/16/2011,66,23,,9,6>I had to create a yelp account just so I could write about this place. Honestly I feel bad for the people who did not have a great experience. My boyfriend brought up the idea of going here since we are trying to be more outgoing with what we eat. When walking in you get the feel that it is a very nice clean place. The owner was our server and she was very very nice!! She took several minutes to help us decide on a few of their signature dishes when I told her it was our first time. She even gave us garlic basil nan on the house since we were newbies to the place..She refilled our glasses even when there was less then 1/4" gone. She was very attentive!The food was amazing!! Every bite I took I was overwhelmed by how much I couldn't even wait for the next bite before swallowing the previous one. I will be sure to go back. Please don't let the bad reviews change your mind about trying this place...it is worth every penny...WAY BETTER FOOD THEN TORCH OF INDIA
<review# 1634,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2011,5/15/2011,51,24,8,7,6>Pop Quiz: What is the most commonly evoked emotion having to do with the Tea Room ?Answer: (Once already at T.R.) Aw phuck ! I need to go to the bank and get cash because this place is too cool to take cards.  Obviously this place isn't paying taxes or some shit.That doesn't matter though because as soon as you get back with your cash in hand you'll be greeted and have your order taken from one of a fantastic ensemble of staff. For years now the gentleman with the curious facial hair and sporting a bow-tie has been one of the principal reasons I keep coming back. It's never a gloomy day at Tea Room. If you require sustenance beyond cool people with good attitudes, I suggest you try the Egg, bacon and tomato croissant for breakfast or the chicken and bacon sandwich for lunch. OH MY GOD I'M HUNGRY RIGHT NOW JUST THINKING ABOUT IT !
<review# 1635,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2010,5/14/2011,32,203,1,8,13>Jose and his brother are nailing it...Peruvian style, at Sazon.Can I get a squeeze bottle of  Leche de Tigre to carry around and drizzle on, like, EVERYTHING?If you love La Mar in SF, you will be right at home here.  This is exactly the kind of place that Santa Rosa needs more of.  Now, if you can convince Scopa, Delfina, Tartine, and Bi Rite to open something here, we'd save a shitload of gasoline and bridge tolls.
<review# 1636,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2011,5/12/2011,39,179,3,7,8>Holy F'ing F. This place is a 10.A little trip to the Yucatan in Santa Rosa. From the banging bean dip that precedes the meal, to the best horchata this side of Tijuana, to the light hum of the air-conditioners from the apartments next door that seem to run year 'round heard on the patio... This place is a delight. A pleasure. A gift.The tamales are fantastic, enchiladas excellent, and the chips fresh and salty. But where it's at? Where it's at my friends, is the tacos.The cochinita pibil, poc chuc, and their black mole are all absolutely amazing. Some are on the spicy side, and even more so if you ask for the habanero sauce that they bring in a squeeze bottle. That stuff is fire, but with flavor. I've never asked for anything mild, but I bet they would be happy to tone it down for the more sensitive diners.The folks that run the place are cheerful, friendly, and damn good at what they do.Worth a trip or twelve. And tip well. We need this place in town, and I hope they never leave.
<review# 1637,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2011,5/11/2011,90,172,2,6,3>A 4.5 rounded up :). A favorite of ours in Marin- consistently great- great service, great food, great corkage ($5 charge is donated to charity), great cocktails, great fresh ingredients, good value (while more expensive, the quality is high- and you get what you pay for!).We've been now enough times to have tried most things on the menu and each time its a struggle to try something different after wanting another taste of the last tasty dish we had.  The brunch was a treat- crab cake eggs Benedict are superb! lots of crab meat (no fillers at all, just pure crab meat!) and beautifully prepared and presented...if they have them on special, make sure to order them, you will not regret it!In the evening, make a point of stopping in the bar area- first you will see some great beers on tap (you had me at Le Merle Saison from North Coast playfully served in a wine glass (closest thing in shape to a proper saison glass I suppose).  The wines are all from smaller, family wineries (and as I mentioned above, you can find a better corkage deal to enjoy your own).  Amongst the appetizers, the calamari is standard (but a good version), the oysters are fresh and local, and the orzo mac is a hit- deliciously different take on the american classic.  The mixed baby greens are crisp and nicely pared with tart apple and toasted almonds in a tangy vinaigrette, but the real star are the fresh herbs- brings it all together for a perfect spring salad!For dinner, its hard to choose between the skirt steak (delicious gingery marinade that melts in your mouth), good crisp fries, scrumptious gourmet burger with a sharp twist of pimiento cheese, the pork shoulder that shines or the tender braised short rib.Save room for dessert- the rum cake truly is as good as food critic Michael Bauer says!
<review# 1638,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2011,5/10/2011,252,234,6,5,4>The customer service here is unbeatable. Knowledgeable, friendly and great sales skills. We came in for a treadmill and we bought one from them. We even looked online and found a better deal and they matched it. The only bad thing is when our young, excited sales guy was selling to us he was letting us know this item would basically be gone by the end of the day if we did not put it on hold since he sold three already that day (and it was noon, they open at 10am....). Ok, so we will hold it, whats the big deal? We ask if there is ANY charge for a hold and he said no. We get home and look at our account and they rang us up for the damn thing without us knowing! The next day we bought it for a better price, but they had to refund the first charge. Bad, very bad. Love my new treadmill and am happy with it but shopping local is tough when they try to be shiesty. Hopefully they don't make a habit of that kind of service.
<review# 1639,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2010,5/9/2011,175,39,4,8,5>My Dell Laptop died over a month ago, and Dell promised me that they would resolve the problem. What they did was send me a brand new computer. Great right? Not really since all of my data was on my old laptop. So I called around to find a service to retrieve the data off my old hard drive. I was getting quotes of $900 and up. It seemed ridiculous to me and I just resolved to give up and start over. But then I came across the number for Mike and Mikes Computers. I called and talked directly to the owner Mike, he assured me that it was an easy process and he could come out to my home and transfer the data at an affordable price. Mike came out the same day I called. He was friendly and helpful. While he was downloading the data he explained a few other things that would improve my computers performance and keep it virus free. I will be calling Mike for all of my future computer issues, and I will be recommending them to everyone.
<review# 1640,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2010,5/8/2011,352,403,,5,3>Promoting Weezy's to 5 stars after multiple visits.  I like that they use natural hamburger meat, and what  is shaping up to be a consistently well put together burger.  It's also nice to eat outside in the weather we have now.
<review# 1641,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2013,1/26/2014,94,166,4,12,3>The food is clean, healthy, local California cuisine but with a Southern twist.  The menu includes things like fried chicken (which is has the perfect amount of spiciness...and was excellent), sausage gravy, biscuits, potato pancakes, and beignets.  The prices are good and the plates are not too big, which is a combination I really like because it leans away from "the big fat American" stereotype that many new restaurants try to cater to.  I like to think that we are in a slightly healthier part of the country and value taste and quality over quantity.They have done a great job of freshening the place up since the last owner, although the layout is same.  The main part of the restaurant is a bit dark so we were really glad to sit in the back area, which was very light, warm, and inviting.  Plus, we could do some great people watching.I also like that the owners are long-time locals that also run a catering company (Splendid Catering), so they likely know their way around a kitchen.Currently, they are open from 8am-3pm, Tuesday-Sunday but the waitress told us that next week they will add a 4-6pm cocktail and small plates menu.  When spring rolls around they are planning to open in the evenings for family-style dinners.
<review# 1642,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2014,1/25/2014,139,364,5,8,5>This place is krunk fire!I've eaten the entire menu more or less and its all good. The juicy soup dumplings, the seafood dumplings, duck, the sissor cut noodles, dim sum sampler, mu shu tacos, both beef dishes, the chairman bao chicken, walnut shrimp, forbidden rice and sugar puffs are all 5 stars.I've been there 5 times now, once just to drink and I love this place. The shot and a beer is a great idea and Bijou is super different than any other liquor I've ever had. Thje service is always fantastic here and I highly recommend taking a group so you can order a lot.This place also has an amazing cocktail list! I'm talking real mixology folks not some ho hum thrown together drinks. these things are the real deal. I cant wait to go back again!
<review# 1643,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2014,1/24/2014,62,208,,7,3>There haven't been any boba places around here other than a couple of Asian restaurants or the place in the SR mall and none of them were ever very good. We always had to go to SF or the Eastbay. We have been here a few times and are always greeted by the owners. I tried the Horchata tea and it was OK. My favorite is the Lychee or Almond milk tea with boba.  The wife likes the Green Apple with bursting apple boba.  The Thai Tea waffles are a new item, sounds weird but they are really good!They also take Square Wallet for payment too.  So now when we make the Costco run or are heading up 101 we don't have to go to far to get a boba fix!
<review# 1644,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2013,1/23/2014,49,40,4,7,3>This is one of my boyfriends favorite places so this is what he says about it. "Ausiello's has like 1000 tv's, so no matter where you are you can see at least 5 different games on at once. Its not hella crowded like other places in town so you can actually get a beer, order some food and watch the Giants game on one of the 1000 tv's they have."I really like this place, it has a nice atmosphere, you really can watch about 5 different games from wherever you are in the bar, the staff is really friendly and the food is pretty good. I'm sure we'll be back here to watch my A's in the playoffs! :)
<review# 1645,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2014,1/22/2014,179,297,5,6,5>I have always passed by this winery when I was in the area.  And, finally, the inner voice told me not to pass it and to go into Anaba.  It was Anaba, calling to me.  This winery does mostly Pinots and Rhones, which I love.  I was pleasantly surprised to have a wine with Granache Blanc, which is rarely used or grown in Sonoma County.  Their white Rhone blend, Alder, was delightful.  Their Pinots were ambrosia, especially the Gap Pinot.  (ask for it...).  Their Syrah and Petite Syrah was nice, rich, smooth all the way, without the glottal stop you get from some.  Our pourer was Douglas.  This moustached-Sommolier, walking encyclopedia of wine knowledge, was such a personality.  He made us feel welcome and educated us, and we had a great time.   Kind of an aside...this winery is wind powered.  As a fan of green technologies, I appreciate their attention to this.
<review# 1646,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2014,1/21/2014,21,167,,6,4>Cast Away Yarn shop just moved to a new location. They were in an tiny store on 4th street in Santa Rosa, and have moved to a very much larger store just around the corner on Wilson. Five stars for decorating!! This is the cutest yarn store ever! Wooden floors, baskets of yarn, an abundance of choices, and samples galore. It's nice to see a finished product, or at least a swatch knitted with the yarn you happen to be looking at. It makes for fewer surprises when you get home and find out that what you purchased isn't going to look like you expected when you knit or crochet something with it. I liked the selection of books that covered knitting projects, crochet projects, and fun things to create with the selection of yarn available in the store. It's a place easy to be inspired by.The staff is helpful and friendly. There are also some soft chairs and a sofa in the middle of the room just tempting you to sit down and start a project, or to take one of the offered classes.
<review# 1647,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2013,1/20/2014,2488,142,10,21,14>The Himalayas are about as mystical as it gets. These mountains, these lands of Tibet, Nepal, Bhutan and the myth of Shangri-La all have a certain power in our cumulative Psyche.The Buddhist religion and culture goes hand-in-hand with anything Himalayan. So seeing Buddhist Prayer Flags in Shangri-La Cafe & Grill adds to the feeling that their food nourishes both your body and soul! Nourishing food, doesn't that sound SO nice?Vegetable Momo are veggie balls made of green onions, red onions, Tofu, cabbage and spices, wrapped in freshly made dough, steamed and served with a spicy tomato sauce. Each ball individually set on a spinach leaf to add additional flavor and color. This is to die for! Then you can reincarnate and have some more!! It's that good! yelp.com/biz_photos/shanKale Saag is so healthy, tasty and spicy, lightly stir heated in oil with those hot little peppers used in Chinese Cooking. This is by far THE most delicious presentation of Kale I've ever had!Garlic Basil Naan will make you think Tuscany and Tibet are the same place... well for a second maybe. This is great, Naan!They offer two exotic beers from Nepal, Mustang and Real Gold.For years I have driven to Taste of The Himalayas Restaurants in Berkeley, Sausalito and Napa to get my fix of Tibetan/Nepalese food. If it wasn't for Yelp and my Yelp Mobile App identifying restaurants for me to try In My Own City, I may never have discovered that there was a Himalayan Restaurant just a few miles near my house! Albeit it is next to the Sonoma State University part of town that I previously never had any reason to go to.I have become such a regular that the moment I walk in, the chefs immediately start making the Momos for me! The owner Meenakshi is very friendly and kind. Most of the servers treat me great as well, like Marina and Hana. Hana is an actress doing waitressing on the side!Part of my ethnic heritage includes Tibetan. Also, I like to think my soul has actually existed in Tibet in previous lifetimes too! Whenever I eat Himalayan food my body and soul takes a deep breath, sighs and says "you've just come home".I have always dreamed of the fabled land of Shangri-La where Heaven and Earth meet. Where Divine Beings walk with mortals, where your greatest wishes come true. Shangri-La Cafe & Grill has a lot of ground to make up to ever meet these fantasies!Still... If you close your eyes when you bite into a Vegetable Momo with sauce, chew on a little Garlic Basil Naan with a sip of Mustang... for a brief moment, you might be there!Review 0113
<review# 1648,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2012,1/19/2014,21,97,5,6,1>Sometimes I have a moment of debate on whether or not to go to Flying Goat or Santa Rosa's other local coffee shop, Aroma Roaster's, right across the parking lot, but Flying Goat wins 95% of the time even though it's a little hipster and "hipsters are about as enjoyable as herpes". If I wake up with a serious hankering for a spicy mocha, there's no debate, I have to get my butt over to Flying Goat and only there because no one else does it as well as them. Excuse me, it's actually called the Aztec Mocha. Other reasons FGC beats out Aroma's:free parking (at Chevy's)latte artthe perennial group of hoodlums that are always outside aroma's don't hang out on these train tracks, which means I can sit on these train tracks and feel cool  there are no signs forbidding you to plug inthe employees are nice enough, for hipstersAZTEC MOCHA!
<review# 1649,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2013,1/18/2014,0,2,5,12,7>We loved our Verve experience! We found T Beller to be a savvy, meticulous, and creative tour consultant and guide. I was really nervous about giving my girlfriend a unique and enjoyable gift. I thought a special Napa Valley trip would be perfect. I didn't know much about the area, so I reached out to a few tour companies to see what would be the best fit. Over the course of several emails, texts, and calls, it was clear that no one else offered the level of personalization and customization of Verve. T and her team set up the perfect tour for us. It turned out to be one of the absolute best romantic experiences ever! I really liked Verve's attention to detail and they made us feel comfortable the whole way. The limo (T calls it Buggy) is unlike any vehicle I have ever seen. I was worried it would be overkill for the two of us, but it was truly like a "living room on wheels," romantic, with big picture windows. You can actually walk around in it, and it was fully stocked with great snacks and drinks. We quickly spread out and enjoyed the luxurious ride. It was super fun and I learned a lot too. I'm already plotting some excuse to go back, maybe with other couple friends.
<review# 1650,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2013,1/17/2014,32,145,3,4,3>Old Faithful! I love Bay Thai - especially when I'm feeling a little "blah," ya know what I mean?  To me - this is Thai comfort food.  Makes me feel better!  A lot of the dishes taste pretty similar to me... the curries, the soups... all kind of meld together.  But it's a good "everything tastes the same," so I'm not complaining!My go-to foods at Bay Thai (in order of preference):Tom Ka Gai (with a side of rice to mix in)Yum Pla Muk (Bay Thai is my FAVORITE place for this Thai calamari salad)Veggie Pad ThaiPra Ram ChickenChicken SatayLike others say... generally best for Take Out, as seating is limited.  And I will reiterate it is "Cash Only!"  NEVER had a bad experience here... well... I dined here with bad company once, but that's my fault, not theirs. Ha!
<review# 1651,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2009,5/15/2009,133,206,4,4,5>Yes, it does sometimes seem a little silly to get your coffee at this little drive-through... But hey, I'm an American and I need that ultra-convenience once in a while!If I'm tired and in a hurry the last thing I want to do is park, stand in a line, order, wait for coffee, and then just have to get back in the car to get to where I'm going. Instead, I can sit on my leather seat fiddling with my Ipod or Blackberry while my large coffee is being taken care of in that little hut they call Caffino.I think this is just a great place and the gals who work here are always so very nice to me!
<review# 1652,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2009,5/14/2009,216,145,9,4,5>It was to be a long day of hiking and disc golfing in Novato. A carload of us drove up this broiling weekend, and wanted hearty sustenance to fuel our activities. The boyfriend's iPhone Yelp app brought this spot to our attention, and it did not disappoint.A "half sandwich" here is a normal sized sandwich for most. Maybe even bigger. And when I saw that it was under $5, Toto, I knew we were not in San Francisco any more. I got the pastrami, even though I meant to say salami, but was not disappointed much about my mistake. My sandwich was tops. The boyfriend shared his salami sub with me, and it was pass-out delicious. I mean, really good. We got an order of fries for each of us, but could have easily split an order. This place does not skimp on portions.At first the long line had me worried, but these guys move with a purposeful quickness. The manager was kind and even offered to take our order over the phone when we called for directions.We ate in the parking lot, as seating was scarce. These friendly beauty shop owners said that this sandwich spot is "the only joint in town." I should say that if that is the case, Novato could do a whole lot worse.
<review# 1653,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2008,5/13/2009,147,287,26,25,26>As you can tell, I'm in a boozy mood this week. And after a game of footy on a surprisingly warm October day, when a few of the lads suggested lunch, I nonchalantly suggested the closest brewpub - and the suckers agreed.TO THE FATMOBILE! (Cue Batman theme)So the place is a wee bit cheesy and over the top Irish. But damn if the pints aren't worthy of attention. Kiltlifter*. Ryan O'Sullivan's Imperial Stout. Old Blarney. All names that sound like characters from The Quiet Man, but in fact they are DAMN good beers. My wife tried the Pomegranate Wheat, and... well, it did things for her that I apparently can't. I hope they'll be very happy together.Food's so-so, just like it's sister location, Marin Brewing Company. But unlike MBC, the service is FAR better. Bar service has always been prompt (as it is at MBC, to be fair), and wait staff friendly and speedy (NOT like MBC, to be fair.)Definitely a worthy spot in Novato.*Word to the wise. Never lift a kilt.
<review# 1654,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2009,5/12/2009,423,254,6,7,8>We had dinner here over the Winter Wine Road event, my 2nd time eating here, the first for lunch.This place is a great find, happened to totally stumble over it the first time.Be warned, those of you who go to Tapas places and then complain about the portion size (doh) its ALL Tapas. And all exquisitely done. (read not inexpensive.) and some items are small for Tapas..quality. There are many other things to love about this place:- covered patio that WELCOMES dogs. They bring out water bowl, biscuits, make a fuss. You get a star for that already. Bite me you dog haters, get a life, or a heart. :p - They serve their entire wine list in various pour sizes starting at 2 oz.They have flights, or you can make your own. Awesome.- service here is impeccable and seems deeply ingrained.There isn't anything not too like here unless you are tight on cash or have no palette.  Its a great stop for lunch while wine tasting or to end a great day.Personally, I'd rename it 'William's Wine Bar'....rolls off the tongue better :p
<review# 1655,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2009,5/11/2009,665,937,2,9,6>this was the bfs xmas present to me and i was excited!  it was dog friendly, we were going to get mud baths, go wine tasting, they had bikes for exploration - it seemed to have it all! there was a special going on that included the one night stay and spa too!solage is set at the foot of some hills and it almost feels like you are in palm springs.  a bit desserty.  we arrived on saturday afternoon and there were a bunch of people out and about the property.  we took the bikes out for a ride to downtown.  then we went to sit in the hot tub by the pool.  it was very serene.  our cottage didnt seem to share any walls with another cottage though i think some may.  there is a small patio area where you can lounge.  the rose bushes made it a bit awkward going in to pick up kodys poop. thorny!the next morning we did the mud bath.  you choose some aromatherapeutic oil to add to the mud then go to a room, apply the mud and wait for it to dry.  after 20 minutes, you rinse and move to the mineral bath.  two bathtubs were filled for us.  we soaked for 10 minutes, though we couldve use more time.  then we moved to the relaxing chairs.  this part was a bit weird they played spacey music and the chair tilted so you could relax.i would definitely come back.  though at the very end when we were checking out they hit us with a hidden fee.  on the website they kept saying they welcome pets, they are pet friendly, they put out a dog bed and bowls for them.  but they dont tell you they charge $75 per pet at the very end.  next time we might not even tell them.  kody doesnt even sleep in the pet bed. hidden fees are just plain evil
<review# 1656,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2009,5/10/2009,864,177,9,12,13>Curvy cliffside drive.Rocky ridges, wild waves, bright blue ocean. Rustic roadside town.Perfect picnic areas.Cool chocolate milkshakes.Sweet smelling salty sea. Soft sand. Blissful beach sun bathing.Classic California. A trip to Stinson Beach is a perfect weekend getaway. Every second is enjoyable, from the windy drive down the 101 to the breathtaking beach views. The best part? It's only a short, scenic, car drive away from the city by the bay. No excuses, you've got to go and spoil yourself in this state's famous landscape!!
<review# 1657,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2009,5/9/2009,676,1464,11,13,11>Review #900!Wow... I'm just 100 reviews away from the big 1K... I sat around on 890's for awhile, knowing that I was nearing 900, but unsure of what would get the valid honor of being a "hundredth" review. None of the "to review" places on my yellow legal pad on my desk seemed worth of the honor. Finally... post Valentine's weekend, and I finally have a place in mind. A day spa. A tiny little mom and pop day spa. It served up some highlights and some lowlights. Originally, S suggested taking a mud bath up in Calistoga. Trying to put aside my princess tendencies and being a germaphobe, I was pretty open to the idea - especially picturing cartoonesque pink pigs wallowing in the mud. In my idealistic mind I was thinking therapeutic spa... with candles and spa attendants and clean fresh mud. Phone calls later, I found out that mud baths were done in ghetto locker room like conditions. With the mud never being changed out. Yes. NEVER. As in, 30 years ago someone with a goopy STD could have dripped in there and it's still in there. It's advertised as "sterile" as in "we heat the mud up to kill the stuff but its still floating around in there." OH GOODNESS NO!!!! No more images of wallowing in clean beautiful mud.S booked us a into Lavender Hills... after verifying that each bath is clean and fresh and sterile and freshly drawn. Did I mention that it was fresh?? He also booked the special occasion package and per my request, booked me a deep tissue massage. Ahhhh... The drive there was tough, since it was seriously raining a whole SPCA full of cats, dogs, chickens, and donkeys. We made it there safe and sound and got settled in. We were led to the little cottage with side by side tubs by our bath attendant. That was where I had my first major gripe. It's a nice spa. Our bath attendant was dressed raggidly and rushed us through the experience. If it wasn't for S suggesting that he'd slather my face with the apricot face mask, we would have missed out! We were never given a schedule and our attendant came in sporadically. They gave us a plate of fruit and chocolates and lit a few random candles around the bath house. Don't get duped into the marketing ploy... I don't think it was worth it. Definitely romantic, but the setting was romantic with out the candles and blah blah blah... I was shocked that our attendant actually suggested that we get out of the bath early since the water was warm. Um... excuse me!? I'm sitting my piggy butt in there to get every single minute's worth!!! I think the whole experience would have been better with out her.   The bath bubbles got everywhere including in my water! I had to request to get my water changed so I wasn't drinking soapy water. My post bath cool down + foot rub was pleasant but extremely short. The towels there were really thin and the robes were thin too. I felt soooo naked in them!  The walk between the cottage and the main house was wet and cold since it was raining. They provided spa slippers but they were wet! EWWW!!! I don't like putting my feet in wet slippers at ALL. I'm glad they probably washed them between uses but seriously! Invest in a couple extra pairs so you can provide dry slippers to your guest!!! I loved the bath, the bubbles, and facial scrub, but it was the service on the bath part that drove me batty. The massage part was a complete 180 compared to the service we received for the bath... My masseuse was awesome (her name's Rachel so ask for her!!) She managed to get out all my knots and focused on all my trouble areas. I was happily transported into a zen like state where I was on the brink of constantly falling asleep. It was SOOOOOO nice! Seriously one of the best massages I've ever received in my life!! S said he had to catch himself from snoring at his masseuse during his treatment. Overall the products used were fantastic. I felt warm and happy! (Not sure how scientifically proven this detox ash thing was... but my skin definitely felt softer afterwards!) My face is smooth and soft like a baby's bottom and I'm happy and relaxed... The location is right off of 29, and I could hear the traffic when the door to the bath cottage was open. Overall, the garden was extremely quaint and the atmosphere was serene.So even with service issues why does this place deserve a "hundredth" review? Because I felt sooo pampered!!
<review# 1658,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2008,5/8/2009,541,1054,9,16,18>I found myself in Petaluma I with an hour to kill and a present to wrap.  I looked on Yelp for assistance and was led to Paperwhite on Kentucky Street - all 5 star reviews - score.  Yelpers are right on - this is a beautiful store with a lot of letterpress cards, stationary (looooove the Angela Adams correspondence cards), wrapping paper, and gift items.  It's neither too precious nor too cheeky - just the right combination of both.Not only did I find the perfect wrapping paper - from PaperSource, my favorite *sigh* - and card, the store manager Lisa helped me wrap the present right there in the store.  AND she showed me a much better and more professional way to wrap that I will use from now on.They have a large custom stationary section, perfect for invitations or announcements with style.  And, I found my Christmas cards there - no more long search for just the right ones.I will make Paperwhite a regular stop whenever I am in Petaluma - both for the lovely assortment of products and the equally lovely service.
<review# 1659,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2008,5/7/2009,134,160,10,10,11>Since I'm still among the ranks of the blissfully unemployed, I can drive 60 miles over the Bridge and out of my way for a cup of coffee on a Tuesday morning.  At first, I was planning to go to the Flying Goat in Santa Rosa, but my google directions totally led me astray, so I kept driving up another 15 miles or so to Healdsburg.  I had forgotten what a quaint and fun little town it is.FG makes a killer drink called the Bangkok.  At first, I was just going to opt for a basic cup, but was convinced by the barista that it was such a gloriously beautiful day out that I had to treat myself to the Bangkok.  Uh okay...I can be so easily swayed!  It was a sweet and lightly spiced delicacy with a double shot of espresso and condensed milk and a dusting of nutmeg and cinnamon (methinks).   Since I was starved from the ever so long drive up from the city, I also asked for her recommendation for a pastry...and ended up with the strawberry rhubarb muffin, which was fantastic!  I could have gobbled up a couple of those bad boys. After browsing around the city for about an hour, I had to walk down the street from the shop in the strip mall to the stand-alone storefront to pick up some freshly roasted beans.  And dare I say it, I indulged in a regular cup of coffee, which was outstanding!  And I even ordered a gingerbread muffin, which I had planned to hold onto until closer to lunchtime, but I devoured it around 10:30 am, after reading the local Press Democrat newspaper while parked at the table nestled in the window.Ahhh....the joys of jobless life!
<review# 1660,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/15/2009,5/6/2009,253,125,10,10,12>Last night I went here on a V-day date, and this is my review. We made reservations few days in advance and the earliest time they could seat us was at 8:00pm. When we got to the restaurant there was Valet parking in this day which was kind of unnecessary because no matter where you park in that lot you are not that far from the restaurant itself. We were seated in the outside area and I really wanted to seat in the indoor area because I get cold easy, but that's all they had, I know I am extremely picky. When they served our bread and drinks I asked for a straw for my water and when the waiter came back with one he drooped it and failed to pick it up. He handed it to me in a napkin and it would of been cool with me with just handing me a straw, and no napkin but I decided not to use the straw because it fell on the floor so I put the damn thing in the near by flower pot thing that I was sitting next to, just because its how I roll. Anyway, we got our food, I got the SHANGHAI NOODLES WITH SPICY VEGETABLES it was OK, I have had it before and i remembered that it was better the last time I had it, but then again I think the last time I ate here was like four years ago. For desert I ate the BREAD PUDDING, and it wasn't bad. I guess you can say that one of my main quest in 2009 is to find the perfect bread pudding and this may be 2ct on the list, but I have just started, so Its too soon to say. I suppose I could be a little harsh on my review, I know they were busy and everyone the staff at hand was doing their best to accommodate all the gust. At the end of the meal they did hand out a single rose to all the ladies. I would go here again, maybe when its not a madhouse, I am not going to give up on this place just yet. In a few months I will try to go again and see what happens, and try something new.
<review# 1661,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2013,2/25/2014,66,491,3,6,3>Awesome car wash.  Grand open was Saturday and Sunday, they were giving free top of the line washes!They do have a monthly pass for $30, unlimited Ultimate washes.  You can wash every day!The type of wash they have is a friction wash with rubber rollers and the usual coatings.  They have a cool wheel washer that gets rid of the brake dust that I've never seen around here.When you buy a wash, you get access to the vacuums.  Prices are very comparable to KaCee's World of Water in Rohnert Park.
<review# 1662,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2014,2/24/2014,396,233,3,5,6>This is a romantic resort off Silverado Trail. It is dated, and wifi didn't work in our Suite. It is laid out like a condominium complex, very spread out and you have to drive to your room or have the hotel bell man take you around. I like that though, very vacation friendly and private. Suite was great, large balcony, floor to ceiling windows, fireplace, full kitchen, two TVs, king size bed. Very comfortable and romantic, perfect hotel room for Valentines Night! I recommend if you want some wine country culture in the heart of Napa.
<review# 1663,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2014,2/23/2014,21,350,6,6,5>I'm hooked on this expensive-ass, locally raised, ultra fresh food. Okay, okay...it's only expensive if you don't take into account what it takes to raise the meat, catch the fish and pick the fruit/vegetables. This food is on a nonindustrial scale. So, the food costs more. But, let me tell you, the food tastes way better. And, where else can you find humanely raised rabbit sausage with herbs de provence??  No where. That's where. Come get your Marin-on here. Oh, there is a falafel hut that kills! Falafel sandwich! Yum. I can't sleep (which is why I'm writing this) and now I'm hungry for stinking falafel too! Damn. Just come prepared to get the best meat, fish and produce in the world. No joke. Best in the world. That's right! I said in the world! Sheesh.
<review# 1664,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2013,2/22/2014,765,333,6,8,7>You can smash the burger, but I'm smashing the shakes!   Mmm I got a really yummy chocolate shake tonight.  I passed on the nutter butters this time, because my shake didn't need it.  Nerve: yes I did just come in on this cold night to smash a chocolate shake -- no shame.  Sometimes, the heart wants what the heart wants.  If your heart wants a shake - I say try a shake here.
<review# 1665,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2013,2/21/2014,230,290,1,6,4>What's not to like about RRBC?Great beer, FANTASTIC baked buffalo wings (the savage sauce is the best) and good pizza.  Gets really busy though, so plan accordingly if you have more than 2 people. Also, on Wednesdays during the summer, you need to move your car off of 4th street (in the afternoon) or get ticketed (farmers market).
<review# 1666,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2014,2/20/2014,352,403,3,7,4>There is so much to love about La Hacienda, the food, and the quaint corner space with big windows.  I love how it's always warm and toasty inside during the winter.  Burritos at Hacienda are both delicious and generous and start at 6 dollars, a bargain by any measure.  There are a wide variety of other delicious combination plates on their menu if a burrito won't do.I've sampled most of Hacienda's meats in burrito form, my standard go-to is usually the BBQ chicken.  I noticed Hacienda has recently acquired the space next door for expansion of their dining space.  Business must be good, which is great for one of my favorite taquerias in Novato.
<review# 1667,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2014,2/19/2014,532,262,4,9,9>One of my fav breakfast joints. Their staff is always very sweet. Beware, they can get really slow on the weekend but what do you expect!BF dishes that I love: the Gluten Free Swedish Pancakes with blueberries although a tad small, very yummy. And the Sebatabowl that comes with chard, potatoes, and egg made to order, very large bacon bites that I'm sure have a fancy name, and hempseed sprinkled on top. I put hempseed on my cereal every morning it has no flavor but is good for digestion among other things. I greatly recommend Gypsy Cafe! xx Mommy tip: there is room for a stroller at the tables in the back room.
<review# 1668,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2014,2/18/2014,248,493,3,9,7>This is an excellent choice for a casual weeknight out - which is exactly when I went. After a long day at work I am always famished and dinner here made it all go away.Friendly young staff is attentive, bread if you want it is presented - all the better to sop up that tangy olive oil at your table. Nice selection of local wines as well as imported, which is always fun to try too, see what's out there in the world in terms of grapes.Meatballs are comforting and moist accompanied by bright fresh tasting tomato gravy melty mozzarella and parmesan. These were ALMOST better than my Mom's - but she's got a secret step that always crowns her as The Best.Bone-In Grilled Pork Chop, when I see this on a menu, it is hard for my eyes to wander further and here, there is no reason for them to - the best pork chop I have had to my recollection; teneder, juicy and FULL of flavor. Cooked just so right. Alongside potato mash and brussels in a mustard cream sauce, this was a thoughtful and well-executed dish. All loved, all gone!Chicken Artichoke Piccata had a nice traditional lemon-wine sauce with capers and of course artichokes. With mash and green beans, this was a light and tasty dish too - but next to my chop, it was the wallflower at the party.Make Tuesday night special and break the mold of heavy Italian, this Italian take is light, fresh and scrumptious. Like TRUE Italian food is!
<review# 1669,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2013,2/17/2014,56,121,,3,3>Yum!! Fairfax Scoop is a sweet little ice cream shop for everyone in the family. They use organic and local ingredients as well as offer dairy free vegan options!! I had the vegan coconut milk chai and it was delicious! You don't miss the dairy at all. The girl working took her time to offer everyone samples and not rush the customers. The line can get a little long, but I promise it's worth it!
<review# 1670,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2014,2/16/2014,1,13,,3,3>Truly the BEST of the BEST!!  The Chicken Okasan should be a food group by itself, it is that GOOD!  Also, fond of the curry chicken salad and the black bean and feta cheese quesadilla that comes with a delicious green dipping sauce.Always have a GREAT selection at the deli counter to choose from for either breakfast pastries and/or lunch.  Great place to go for picnic items and take-out as well.Have also tried them out for catering for several work events and they have always done an outstanding job.  I always got great reviews over the food for the events and was always pleased on the catering departments helpfulness in ordering and accuracy.The staff is friendly (even in their busiest of times) and very attentive and helpful when you are undecided.Truly a great place to try as you will continue to come back.
<review# 1671,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2013,12/3/2013,52,79,2,3,3>I freakin love this place!!! We live a block away and thought we would drop by due to the great reviews.  Tacos are only $1.50 and I've had the carnitas, pollo asado, buche, carne asada, and the grilled shrimp. All of them were amazing! I love their horchata, too.  They are very, very nice and the truck and surrounding area is very clean.  I know many people say taco trucks are dirty but this is not the case with them. I highly recommend this place and now we go here a couple times a week!
<review# 1672,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2013,12/2/2013,79,356,4,7,2>Since my initial review two years ago, Rustic Bakery has become one of my go-to restaurants in Novato.  They consistently serve very high quality food made from fresh and local ingredients.  I've never been disappointed with anything that I've ordered, and am always impressed with the warmth of the environment and the quality of service.  If you're looking for a great breakfast in Novato, this is without a doubt one of the top spots in town, but they serve wonderful lunch items, as well.The bakery expanded recently, and now has additional dining and baking space, along with a comfortable outdoor area in front of the store.  It was a little squishy in there before the expansion, and now there's lots of room to spread out and eat.  What to order?  Well, everything is good.  Start with the coffee, because it is fabulous.  Whether you like it black or you prefer a latte, you're going to be happy with the coffee.  For breakfast, the bread pudding is ridiculous.  So good and totally indulgent.  Rustic is also known for its house-made granola, so try the granola with some Straus Creamery yogurt and fresh berries.  Delicious!Have you tried the brownies here?  If not, you must.  We've started mailing them out to friends and family members on special occasions, and we invariably get emails afterward proclaiming them the best brownies ever.  I would agree.At lunch, I'm crazy about the grilled ham & gruyere sandwich.  It's so flavorful and delicious!  I also like the little baguettes they have in the refrigerated case by the counter.  They're just right for a light lunch, maybe alongside the Spring Salad (so good with that yummy Pt Reyes blue cheese).In short, I love Rustic Bakery and am so glad to have this kind of wonderful food right here in Novato.
<review# 1673,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2013,12/1/2013,4,91,1,11,4>Overall had a lovely experience in a group of 6 that dined here last Wednesday.  The restaurant is lovely and very upscale.  The Hostesses were very accommodating of my Father in Law who rejected the high top table they originally assigned us in favor of a booth.  They quickly changed us around and didn't give any hint of being put out by the request.  I should mention that two in our party had not arrived yet so they did all this to seat us before our entire group was even present. Our server was prompt with the drinks and menus and knew the answer to all the questions we had.  The food didn't' disappoint either:Fresh Oysters $18.00: These were amazingly fresh.  They put a tiny scoop of cucumber gin sorbet in each shell which really complimented the Briney taste of the oysters.  Perfect combination of flavors.Caesar Salad $10.00: Was large enough to share with Hubby.  The dressing was not overly fishy as some dressings can get, rather this was just perfect.  The romaine lettuce was perfectly crisp and fresh and the homemade croutons were delicious.Queen cut of Prime Rib $35.00: Cooked to a perfect Medium and seasoned well.  Somehow I managed to put the whole thing down by myself but this could easily have fed two people.  I can't even imagine how huge the larger "King cut" must be.  This little piggy went "yum, yum, yum" all the way home.Garlic Mashed Potatoes $10.00: Super creamy and velvety and not too much garlic used.  You got the nice garlic flavor without feeling like you needed to take a shower and change clothes to abate the smell that comes from eating this most wondrous bulb.  Also large enough to share as a side to your meal. The Fried Chicken $30.00: I normally think it's sacrilegious to order anything but steak in a steakhouse and yet this chicken was life changingly good.  They must sprinkle in a little fairy dust in the flour because it's the best I've ever had and that sentiment was shared by the entire table.  This will probably be what I order next time. Martinis : Have no idea what the price was but they were darn good.  I like mine dirty and the first one was not to my liking but the server quickly took it back and upon her return it was just perfect.  This is more my fault than theirs, I should ask for them to be "filthy" next time so they understand that I like more brine than most.  I did also peek at the wine list and I was impressed even being a Sonoma native. My only complaint is that they had nearly run out of prime rib (though we did get lucky and got the last piece available) at 6:30pm.  They were also out of another type of steak.  We were there early and you're a steakhouse that has just opened for business.  I would expect them to have everything available in plentiful supply and to anticipate that they might be busy a week into opening.  Other than that snafu we had a great time and will be back.  If you limit your alcohol consumption (which we did NOT) and share the generous portions you can easily keep this to around $100.00 for two and eat very well.
<review# 1674,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2013,11/30/2013,79,258,2,2,4>This is a 6-year-old's heaven. I mean heaven as in paradise, not the cloudy default of Judeo-Christian youth group cartoons. Maybe, Nirvana. I mean, there's Air Hockey. Hell-Ooooh. The water boat thingy with the bumping and floating is cool too, don't you know. And the bathrooms are surprisingly clean, which is something that can't be praised enough since when you're in an environment with toddler and teen boys there can be smells and, well...ungodly odors could abound. I haven't been adventurous enough to eat here. Maybe I need to come off a euphoric high score to take that challenge. Some day.
<review# 1675,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2013,11/29/2013,7,44,,1,1>Pretty good service, great food and always consistant. They are open really late too which is amazing, considering I work until 9:30/10 most nights. My BF and I love the Won Ton soup and the Mushu (sp) chicken. Had walnut prawns last time and they were absolutely delish. We go at least 2 times a month
<review# 1676,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2013,11/28/2013,64,187,2,3,2>Went back for a second visit to check out their burritos after already enjoying their chicken.  I can't say enough good things about this burrito.  Ordered the al pastor burrito with the works and believe me it had the works!  If asked if I want it spicy, I always say PLEASE at every establishment that I happen to be in, I tend to find that in most places it is still not to the spice level that I prefer and I have to add extra hot sauce upon tasting it at home.  This was not the case, it was wonderful!  And the burrito was so huge that it lasted me for 3 meals in order to finish it!
<review# 1677,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2013,11/27/2013,83,116,1,7,1>If you are wondering how to pronounce it.  GUN. LOCK.  BUN.  SHOE.I love Gundlach Bundschu.  I was first introduced to their wine years ago when I was a fine dining server at a high end restaurant in Davis - we featured a few of their wines seasonally on our menu - and I grew deeply fond of their mountain cuvee.   Today we visited their winery to pick up some wine for some family members of mine who are in their wine club.  Because of this, we were treated to a free tasting (wine club members taste for free).  We sampled their gewurtzdreminer which is always delicious, their pinot noir which was subtle but nice... their tempranillo which was FANTASTIC, and their most recent Cab which was tannic and light on the fruit.Our server was a gentlemen and very friendly with a huge smile.  The grounds of the winery are beautiful, as is the patio over looking the small lake where you get to drink.  I think this is my favorite winery in Sonoma.
<review# 1678,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2013,11/26/2013,134,93,,8,6>Apparently I was living under a rock because I had not heard of La Tex prior to them catering our Anniversary party. My dad's good friend recommended them since he and his very authentic Mexican family uses them for all their large family gathering- and I've tasted his mothers cooking- it's outstanding so the fact that she trusts someone else to make food says something.We got chicken, steak, beans, rice, tortillas an salsa. Everything was flavorful, moist and hot when it arrived. We though about buying our own salsas but I'm so glad we didn't because theirs were plentiful and so so good.Forget the hype about Guy and try this place out because it's authentic and so delicious.
<review# 1679,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2013,11/25/2013,74,98,3,11,1>BUBBLE TEA!They have it, you want it.Another stop in my epic journey on the quest for the Perfect Bubble Tea - we're talking extra wide straw and tapioca balls in sweet, delicious, fruity tea. I especially recommend the Mango. Pure bliss!Ok! So, Hang Ah Dim Sum, it's on the corner of Armory right next to the JC. Meaning, it's on an industrial road right next to the freeway, not the best start. But! That's where the good starts, because despite that, they manage to have a spacious parking lot, and a remarkably calm, restful sit-down interior.It's clean, it's quiet, and the service is excellent. The portions are big, the prices aren't bad, the food is exactly what you wanted (oh yeah, I know already), and like only the best Chinese (or many international) restaurants, there's a language barrier to ordering.The menu is in Chinese with English subtitles (great sign) and quite extensive, there are a ton of options. A helpful patron recommended the lunch specials, but I personally came only for Chicken Chow Mein (American style, so Lo Mein with the thick round noodles) and got what I wanted with some Bubble Tea on top.It's not a date spot, it's not a business meeting spot - this is the place to go when you want to get serious about some delicious food and drink.Check it out! But only if you are, truly, hungry. There is also a drive-through.
<review# 1680,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2013,11/24/2013,162,206,,7,2>I just got home from here, and the food was the best I have had in a LONG time!  The service was very welcoming, Jason came from the back to greet us and welcome us. We had just come from The Mystic, we saw J Bogg and we needed something to munch on afterwards. We ordered the Crab cakes, lobster Mac & cheese, waffle chicken w/ jelly & the veggie trio tacos, everything was remarkable and memorable. Each bite was  even more delicious. I was in a party of 4 and we all really were shocked on how delicious the food was.  I can't wait to come back here again soon. I love that they are open 5pm-2am!!  Thank you for making such good food!
<review# 1681,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2014,5/7/2014,532,262,3,11,6>This review is mainly for the Sunday Brunch. Best brunch I've had in like forever. They have a wide array of high quality in season food. Including charcuterie, fruit, seafood on ice, hot plates like bacon and sausage, vegetarian chile relleno, the best buffet eggs benedict that I've ever had, sliced meat, a whole table full of desserts like bite size pumpkin pie and lemon tart just to name a few of your choices and you can wash it all down with endless mimosas. Besides the food being excellent, the wait staff is top notch as well. They are very attentive and friendly. Too many times have you had great food and poor service or vice versa!? I've had my share, but Sunday brunch at the Flamingo does not disappoint. How I found out about their brunch may bring on an update from me later on. We were having a lazy Saturday or Sunday afternoon and were talking about finally getting hitched and thought that the Flamingo would be a great place and just our style. To be continued about that but when we went in to look around for that without an appt the front desk staff were also very nice and very informative at let us explore. Now after our excellent brunch, I am really looking forward to more good times at the Flamingo. xx
<review# 1682,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2014,5/6/2014,396,233,,9,5>Best Valentines dinner ever! Service is impeccable. Absolutely wonderful, friendly staff. Everyone was attentive and kind even though the restaurant and bar was super busy crowded. We started out with the lobster bisque in the puff pastry. This is only for sharing if you are sleeping with the person you are sharing it with. I had the petite filet, came out perfectly medium rare. My Valentine had the salmon, cooked medium, perfect! We had the gratin potatoes and creamed spinach. Wonderful! I had the Mai Tini and then the Red Pear to drink. So good! For dessert we drunkenly ordered the creme brûlée, it was a big portion and just divine! This is a romantic, cozy restaurant in downtown Napa. I definitely recommend. Free Valet Friday and Saturday Nights in the back of the restaurant.
<review# 1683,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2014,5/5/2014,765,333,3,8,5>The whole family loves it here - which makes it a no brainerBEERSo much good beer that I won't list it all here.  However, I will tell you that I ordered two beer flights that allowed me to try 8 beers that I wanted.  I loved the Yakama, which I'd never seen in stores before.  I'll also tell you that I didn't get to finish either of my flights, because my brother kept drinking them - but I did get to try them all.  The take away: for those of you that like to drink with thirsty boys, then walk around while you drink - order a pint and not a flight!  FOODThe food is exactly what you want to eat when you are throwing back beer.  We ordered wings, oysters, grilled cheese for the kids, pork sliders, and turkey clubs.  I liked the sliders because they were smokey and one was just enough to leave room for more beer.  I'm not a big fan of oysters, but we enjoyed them here.  Also, the kids loved their grilled cheese.   But, the layout, which ultimately turned into a playground, was the real treat for the kids.  LAYOUTSmall stage up front and a smaller stage in the back; lots of picnic tables, and a grass lawn.  The kids made friends on the lawn and walked around looking at all of the puppies- there were a lot of puppies.  The rest of us just took turns supervising between bites and sips.  I like the lawn because it's gated, which makes it hard for the little ones to try and bolt.  Also, there were so many kids playing on the grass, that my nephew made new friends to play with for hours.  When he'd get bored, we'd walk around until he was ready to hit the lawn again.  Apparently, this is his M.O. for every visit.STAGES.  There was no live music during my visit, but I could see how this would be a real fun place to catch a concert - it's small enough that it would still feel like an intimate event.GIFT SHOPSo much good stuff, and I'm not just talking growlers and bottles.  They have posters, apparel, magnets, openers etc.  If your friends or family is into Lagunitas, this place makes shopping a real no brainerTIP: Get here early if you're planning on coming here the day before or after any holiday - parking bites when they are packed.
<review# 1684,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2014,5/4/2014,6,52,7,15,9>When I see a pulled pork sandwich on a menu it's really hard for me to get past it and order anything else. As a result, I've had a lot of pulled pork in my day. Same thing happened at Burgers & Vine. Spotted the pulled pork, and my order was in. I will say that this place does an EXCELLENT pulled pork sando - seriously, so good. The pork is awesome, and the bun seals the deal. Truffle fries rounded out my meal. When I go back, and I definitely will, it will be hard for me to order anything else. Unless they bring the duck burger to the lunch menu??? That is another go-to for me, maybe I'll have to make a dinner trip next time because that seems to be getting great reviews as well. We had a great experience. I'm guessing some of the earlier reviews were reflecting the soft launch, a time when most restaurants are getting on their feet. Whatever issues that might have been there at opening were, in our view, gone. Great place, great ambiance. My only regret was the inability to order a boozy milkshake. Seriously, that has my name written all over it. Once I'm no longer pregnant I will be back to taste their adult milkshake menu. Yarrrr!
<review# 1685,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2013,5/3/2014,33,94,,5,3>Mmmm Sol Food. When the only Sol Food was located in San Rafael, I honestly never liked the place. I couldn't see what the huge fuss was over every time someone saw the bright green restaurant. Sol Food is a Puerto Rican restaurant/cuisine. This means they have a few simple ingredients to make amazing food: rice, beans, chicken, salad, and fried plantains. When the Mill Valley location opened, I never thought anything of it. My friends would go, and tell me how happy they are for Sol Food to finally come to Mill Valley. It wasn't until a babysitting job I had, until I realized how much I freaking love Sol Food.I had to babysit at a huge party, which was catered by Sol Food. I went to go eat, I was starving. I took some chicken, rice, and beans. I honestly have never had better Puerto Rican in my life. Everything was so good! A few months later, I decided to go to Sol Food. I ordered 2 pieces of the A La Carta Chicken (Pollo A La Carta) which is the free range chicken/wheat free boneless, skinless, chicken thighs marinated with oregano and garlic then baked. I also ordered the steamed white rice, and Habichuelas Rosadas (pink beans stewed with herbs and spanish olives. It is served with one piece of plantain, and fresh avocado). Being so hungry I also ordered some dessert. I ordered the Tembleque Con Mango (creamy coconut pudding with mango sauce). I highly recommend the Pollo A La Carta. The chicken is so flavorful, fresh, and tender. The flavor to it is to unique, and to die for. The Habichuelas Rosadas, or pink beans, are so so good. The olives inside the beans give some flavor to it, and so do the herbs they are stewed in. The Tembleque Con Mango, is OK. There was a thin layer of mango sauce on top, and a lot of coconut pudding. I would prefer if there was way more mango sauce. Don't forget to ask for some of their hot sauce! I love the ambiance of the Sol Food in Mill Valley. Even though it is small, the place is packed with refreshing decor and friendly service. Puerto Rican music booms through the speakers. Not only does this Sol Food in Mill Valley beat the San Rafael location, but they also deliver just like the original San Rafael one. The delivery was fast, and efficient. No problems. I absolutely love Sol Food! I also highly recommend it, and will be back!
<review# 1686,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2014,5/2/2014,62,113,,7,5>I have been driving by this place for YEARS! Finally I went in and was able to satiate my curiosity. What a gem of a place. Beautiful ambiance without being too overwhelming.I ordered the Ahi Tuna tartare, goat cheese fritters with tomatoes, roasted carrots, and the brick chicken/ fried onion salad. Accompanying me was a delicious miro petite syrah (dry creek). Favorite item by far was the brick chicken, the tzatziki dressing was pretty stellar. The staff were spot on and didn't miss a beat.There is a reason why this restaurant always has a full parking lot!I will definitely be coming back during summer so I can sit out in their beautiful patio dinning area!See you soon Willys!
<review# 1687,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2014,5/1/2014,54,279,,9,4>A fantastic new little place with fresh food and innovative options from two New Yorkers! A cozy little place that has been home to a number of restaurants but hoping this one will stick. The food stands out tasting fresh and clean using ingredients like kale, spring peas, artichokes and asparagus- not to mention the sausage made in house. We filled the table with small plates: artichokes, Parmesan cakes, and fritters. Main dishes: skirt steak, mussels, and cauliflower cakes. Dessert: strawberry brioche bread pudding and chocolate budino. Favorites were hard to pick but the Parmesan cakes, cauliflower cakes and chocolate budino topped the list. Portions were well served but left enough room to enjoy dessert ;).  The wine list left me wishing I saw more local options but didn't disappoint with the champagne and rose. All in all we had a feast and left ready to come back and try brunch which starts soon.
<review# 1688,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2014,4/30/2014,60,60,4,6,5>Amazing! This tasting room just opened up about a month ago. It is so beautiful inside and out. Inside there are comfy couches with an amazing fire place, with a beautiful tasting counter. Outside there is a patio with a spectacular view of the Santa Rosa laguna. Paula poured two estate Chardonnays and two estate pinots that were awesome. Paula was knowledgable, entertaining, funny, my hubby and I could have spent all day there because we were having such a good time. They even have cheese platters and wine by the glass if you want to just sit and enjoy the patio. An all around wonderful experience, I definitely recommend this winery!
<review# 1689,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2014,4/29/2014,63,261,4,10,4>What a GEM in Santa Rosa!I was so blessed by a friend to get the FULL experience of Safari West.Dinner buffet:  Excellent BBQ ribs, chicken, everything!  Loved sitting by the fire.  Tour:  what fun we had! Our guide was excellent and my son enjoy every moment.Breakfast:  lovely way to start the day!  Cold crisp morning complete with good coffee!On top of it all, our group had the MP room for a night of games and movies so the kids had a blast after the safari experience had wound down for the day.I cannot wait to return but now that we've done it once, we want to go back for dinner buffet and walking tour of the grounds.  Fun fun fun.
<review# 1690,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2013,4/28/2014,71,394,1,16,3>We left at 10am from Old Mill Park (we live in MV) and got to the Parkside Cafe at Stinson (near the beach) at 1:15). I suggest you bring water but you can get some at Muir Woods and at the top of a ridge ~ 2.5 mi from end. The poison oak isn't all over the trail, which is a huge concern for me. The hike is quite beautiful and crowded on a nice day. It's a brisk walk and it's hard to get lost if you use common sense (follow others and look for obvious trail). We planned the trip carefully, designing the hike to allow time to eat at the beach (forget the big breakfast in Mill Valley), walk to the bookstore in Stinson Beach, get a smoothie at the Parkside, then catch the 1:51 pm West Marin Stage Route 61 back to MV Safeway, getting in line 30 min early! At the beach, at the end of the hike, there were 10 people ahead of us at the stop and the bus allows 36 (if the driver is cool!). As it was, we left behind about 15 people at our stop, and 10 at the next stop, all had to wait ~ 3-4 hours for the next, and LAST bus out of Stinson Beach! That means that was going to be at least 25 people who had to wait 4 hours in front of the people who would get there for the last bus! Yikes!Plan your day well if you intend to take the shuttle or you'll fork over a ton for a cab, hike another 7.3 miles back up and down to Mill Valley! If you read this, follow it, call the Stage to confirm the bus departures, and you'll be ok. Remember that the FIRST bus stop is NOT on the main drag. Its across the little road in the picnic grounds. There is a Stage sign there that is clear with a bench, even a little solar-powered doo-hickey which updates you verbally when the bus is coming (I didn't test it). If you do all this, you'll be great. Just don't be a dope and rely on the last bus to get you back to civilization!  :^)
<review# 1691,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2012,1/11/2013,10,11,,2,1>We just returned from another killer lunch at 4th & Sea.  The fish & chips are always a wonder; the fish is especially fresh and tender and the pieces enormous.  We order the 7 piece family pak, which is a bargain for $25.00, including a ton of cole slaw, all the chips you can eat, lots of homemade tartar sauce and lemon wedges.  The clam chowder is excellent and so are the shakes.  We wouldn't hesitate to recommend it to our English cousins...lol!
<review# 1692,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2012,1/10/2013,139,33,,3,2>Ed Rueda sets a new high standard for customer service in the auto industry. I cannot say enough good things about the service I've received from The Hybrid Haven in Petaluma. We used to take our car to a local shop, but that's over now. My wife initially balked at driving 25 miles to get an oil change, but now that we've met and gotten to know Ed, we're not going anywhere else. Ed is a fair, honest businessman in an industry of sharks. He leads by example, and his family is involved in the business also. Even though our other car isn't a hybrid, we're going to take it to him as well. We feel lucky to have found Ed and The Hybrid Haven.
<review# 1693,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2012,1/9/2013,81,202,3,5,5>2012 can go down as the year I discovered Jewish Delis.  Having been to Sherman's in Palm Springs and then a handful of similar-East-Coast Style eateries on a recent trip to New York, I was excited to hear that we were getting something similar here in San Rafael.  The type of deli where the regular sandwich is huge enough that it can be split into lunch AND dinner, but then you end up eating the whole thing on your own.  The type of deli where you can take it another step further and order "sandwiches as big as your head" if the previous option didn't sound like enough.  These always come with a deli pickle and a *tiny* side of either macaroni salad or potato salad - tiny is fine because you won't have room to eat it all.  2012 can go down as the year I discovered these places - now 2013 can go down as the year I lived for them!!
<review# 1694,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2012,1/8/2013,83,446,3,3,3>Just when we thought we had found our mecca for food in the wine country, along came PRESS. What a great restaurant. On a recent trip to Calistoga we had dinner there 2 out of 5 nights, including my birthday, and would have gone a 3rd if they had had a time that worked for us. Their Bay Side cocktail made with their #209 gin is delicious. It's made with hangar one buddha's hand vodka, cucumber, mint and simple syrup. The bar menu is smaller and absolutely fantastic. We had a Greek salad to begin. Very yummy and fresh. Then we got a 1/2 chicken dish served with a gzillion great French fries. They make both chicken and fries crispy if you want and cut the chicken into pieces for you, a nice touch in my book. The sauce is divine. We also had the spinach. The first time we had it sauteed in butter (just as they make it) and it was great. The second time we were "good" and had it without butter. It was still great. We also had the side of corn, cut right off the cob, probably just picked as it was soooooo sweet and had a great texture. That's coated in yummy butter.  It's a large portion and if I could give it 10 stars, I would. I also love the atmosphere. The ceiling is high with the perfect drop hanging lights inside of nice fabric lampshades. You get just the right dollup of light over your table. Their patio has one of the nicest outdoor fireplaces I've ever seen. It is highly sculptural and sends off nice warmth. The banquette out there is very comfy as well. I know we'll be going back there a lot.
<review# 1695,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2010,1/7/2013,10,115,,1,1>Waaaah. I miss you Farmer's Market.It was the spot of my youth, getting honey sticks & kettle corn every other Tuesday.The atmosphere is cute, showing the true dorkiness of the town I grew up in. I need to come back to the Farmer's Market, I miss it. :/
<review# 1696,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2010,1/6/2013,0,7,,3,2>I've brought in several pairs of shoes and even a few purses for Vinny to repair and have always had wonderful service.  The shoes looked great, like I had just bought them.  And, really, how many Shoe Repairs places actually fix purses??  If you're in a bind and need something repaired soon, go to Vinny.  The prices are more than reasonable and the service is beyond excellent.
<review# 1697,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2012,1/5/2013,10,23,,1,1>I stopped by to pick up a salad last week and was not disappointed. Upon finding it was my first time there, a nice lady went over the menu with me.  There was a great selection of drinks available. The wait was short and, most importantly, my salad was delicious.  I will definitely be back!
<review# 1698,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2012,1/4/2013,18,4,,3,1>Working with Andria from beginning to end was such a pleasure. I found this place on Yelp for my bridal hair for my bridesmaids and me. And let me just say that Yelp did not steer me wrong. Andria was able to capture the image I was looking for with no problem. She truly made my look come together. Every one of my bridesmaids was very pleased with their hair as well. They all looked so beautiful and that was all thanks to the staff at Salon Novo. They also made sure that my bridesmaids did not have a similar style to mine and I was very appreciative of that. They all had very different styles that reflected their personality. So even though they all had the same dress their hair was very different. Thank you Andria and Salon Novo for making my day that much more special.
<review# 1699,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2010,1/3/2013,30,42,2,3,2>This place is truly a gem, warm fresh tortillas and awesome prices.  I was looking for real tortilla chips and this place had them huge bag perfectly fried to perfection...Whenever I am invited to a party and they ask me to bring chips and salsa I will buy my chips here and make my own salsa! OUTSTANDING
<review# 1700,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2010,1/2/2013,273,551,3,8,5>Hanzell really does it all. Tastings and tours are by appointments. The drive up to the Estate is beautiful. So long so long, but gorgeous. You can see all of Sonoma Valley. Ben was our tour guide and we jumped in his land rover and drove around the estate and all the vineyards. The views were amazing and they even had older Chardonnay vines on the property. I want to say 65 years old? Which I had never seen before. After the wonderful ride we walked through their caves and then tasted their 2006 Chardonnay ($70) which had bright melons, papaya, luscious aromas, this wine is all about the mouth feel and texture, great finish that lingers for a bit with good acidic structure. Next, was their 2006 Pinot Noir ($95) lush red berries, dried cinnamon and spices, dried cherries, herbaceous notes, great acidity really mouthwatering. wonderful on the palette, just stretches out across your whole tongue and leaves you wanting more. Opens up with a nutty, caramel finish. Really an amazing Pinot. Hanzell was truly magical.
<review# 1701,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/19/2008,7/17/2008,352,403,5,5,4>Quite a nice venue inside, I like the ambiance and decoration.  It feels like a higher class vibe than in most Thai restaurants I've been in.  The food I've had here is quite good and tasty, and prices were reasonable.I tried their Pad See-ew, but for some reason they made it with these thin noddles that definitely threw me for a loop.  I did feel let down by what I considered a woefully inadequate portion.  Royal Thai is probably a good date place,  they will force you to not scare your date away by showing him/her your voracious appetite.I must subtract points for this shortcoming.
<review# 1702,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2008,7/16/2008,147,287,11,12,10>This morning, I had to work through breakfast, skipping it in favor of four mugs of coffee. So, weak from malnutrition and hunger, I stumbled into Om, desperate for sustenance. Being a lard in the pants, I'm a big fan of buffets. Especially the tastier ones. (Well, okay, I'm not THAT bad, but...) and Om's lunch sure as hell didn't disappoint. It wasn't like there was a plethora of choices, but what was there was really well prepared, perfectly spiced, and oh-so-tasty. But the kicker was the jumbo sized dosa that found it's way to my table. This thing wasn't so much a side as it was a gigantic front and back. If you unfolded it, you could have used it as a blanket... all washed down with an icy cold Kingfisher. Om is my new favorite lunch spot in San Rrrrrrafael, and I plan on heading back there soon for some dinner. When I've finished digesting that dosa, that is...
<review# 1703,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2008,7/15/2008,170,264,3,12,8>I've been coming here for ages. I cannot believe there is nobody else raving about it. Mill Valley Car Wash recently got Green Certified which is an added bonus in my eyes & they also provide discounts to fuel-efficient vehicle drivers. (But charge an extra $10 for SUV's for some services.)The staff here is always friendly & fast, but without missing spots. A quick outside-only "hand" wash is $14 for all vehicle types & lasts for days with normal parking situations (no birds in trees, dirty trees, construction, childish vandalism, etc).I've had my vehicle treated differently (detailed, waxed or just hand washed) for special occasions &/or every day life & I've never been dissatisfied with any service.If you opt for a full-detailed service, have reading material or work on hand & enjoy the outdoor benches under the arbor on nice days. They do spend time on detailing, but I still feel the workers are fast for what they do & they do work hard, so don't forget to have a little tip money, too.
<review# 1704,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/19/2008,7/14/2008,163,290,3,5,4>fun. fun . fun till your daddy takes your t-bird away.What a refreshing cute place. I wasn't expecting much from looking at the outside, but once inside my opinion changed. Sure, it's a chain, but is so uniquely themed, it really does put one in a better mood! It is open and airy and big screens everywhere with surfing or extreme sports. They were showing the Maverick Championships Sunday, too cool! The restrooms have that day at the beach feel, where you walk into a cabana that has the sink area, then beyond for the toilets. The polished cement floors work well with the whole space.After just battling with pneumonia, feeling on the upswing, I wanted good greasy french fries and some good food. The fries delivered, crunchy, greasy salty...... yummmmm, as did the grilled ahi sandwich, which was a good size, wasabi mayo and pickled ginger on it as well. They cooked it to order, one minute on a side and did it perfect.One of the great things is that they use Meyer Ranch grass fed beef. Graham says his Wipeout burger was delicious and it looked it!Am really surprised this place is good. I have been dissappointed in so many Marin restaurants with mediocre food and service. I will definately be back. Their list of specialty cocktails speak to me.
<review# 1705,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2008,7/13/2008,21,97,,4,3>First, I'm a fan of the windy road, so to me, that's an added bonus.  The trip from Oakland to Stinson is about an hour with all the traffic, but I feel like I'm hundreds of miles away by the time I get there.  Love it!For people who enjoy twisty, curvy roads (like myself)--this is a great drive...if you are the only person on the road.  Unfortunately, nervous, inexperienced drivers litter the road and drive REALLY REALLY REALLY slow.  So, go in aware that you will have to wait for turnoffs to pass them (if they even realize how to use them!), take a deep breath, and know that a lovely day awaits you when you arrive at Stinson.As far as the beach goes, it's free, unlike some beaches further south.  It's probably the warmest beach I've been to up north, and on hot days (like today), the water is actually a manageable temp.  It's usually pretty clean, and the sand is nice and soft.There's lots of picnicing areas and bbq pits.  I usually go with a huge picnic and friends, or sometimes I just make a day trip by myself to clear my head.  The great thing about Stinson is that even if it gets really hot, you can manage to survive for a long time and still feel comfortable.  This seems to be a very family friendly beach--lots of kiddies and their parents, but for those of us who are a bit kid-wary, there's lots of space to spread out and avoid the running, screaming children. So, in summary--long, windy roads (view is nice, not as great as further north, or further south), nice sand, no fee, and a place you can hang out and veg for hours.  Even on the cold, foggy days, it's lovely.  What more could you ask for?
<review# 1706,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2008,7/12/2008,202,161,1,4,4>DUUUUDE.....How have I never been here before.  I was born and raised in Marin and never knew this place even existed.  I guess I been hangin around with the wrong people - Jason R AKA Julio...he was born and raised in San Rafael and never once did he say - on one of our food exploration missions - Hey Snuz let's go sit outside at the Panama Hotel. Tisk Tisk Snuz - eStrike Von.  So that's my description of how unimpressed I am that I had never to the Panama Hotel.  The Food was excellent although on the small potion side.  I had a Lamb Gyro - solid but coulda ate 3 of them.  I subbed fries for the salad - and this is the thing that really got me - you know when your finishing up your fries and there's little ones left that unless the fries were really good you wouldn't bother - well that was the majority of the fries I got but they were good and ate them all.Solid food, at a great price and great ambiance.  Looking forward to going back and trying more of the menu.  If this place was in LA or MIA with decorations/ambiance the menu would be twice as expensive.  The most expensive thing on the lunch menu was $17 on average everything was $12 - 15.I'll have to say check this place out Fo Sho.  and when you see how cool it is you can Thank Julio for not telling you about and Thank Me for havin your back.
<review# 1707,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/23/2008,7/11/2008,701,677,3,8,6>Gotta love having your own business.  'Cause you know what that means?!?!  LOTS and LOTS of business lunches (courtesy of your Amex Business Card).My biz partner and I met here to discuss our newly formed baby (Atelier Joya...shameless self promotion yes I know).We were joined by a woman we're considering partnering with and had a great time chatting over some pretty tasty Tuscan inspired cuisine.I wasn't really overcome with joy with regards to the food.  Which was sad.I had their Salsiccia pizza which had a fabulously light and had a crisp crust with some tasty spicy sausage.  The flavor was on par, but it was just so-so.  The other food we got tasted about the same.  Good, not great.I should warn you that I'm super picky about Italian food, so there's that...Service was fast, friendly and the space was nice & moody.  If I'm right, there might have even been exposed brick...hmmmmm, well that earned it the 3rd star for sure!Good lunch spot on 4th St. in San Rafael.  I'm not super familiar with this area, but it's a cute little shopping/dining district.  In fact, I just might have to stop in again sometime to check out their dinner menu.
<review# 1708,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2008,7/9/2008,19,71,5,9,6>Today, a client treated me to a visit to the Marin Country Club.  I know, la-dee-dah, but this is truly one of the most tranquil, lovely and relaxed country clubs I've ever visited (and I've been to several, like 2).  Mention The Club to any longtime Marin resident, and they will sigh, smile and recall its colorful long history as The Place in the the 1960s - Sweet 16 dances, high school picnics, 3 martini lunches and a round of Scotch after playing 18.Today's members enjoy many amenities, including a gorgeous 18-hole course with amazing pastoral fairway views, a computerized indoor/outdoor training facility on the driving range, fitness center, tennis courts, three pristine pools, and a casually elegant clubhouse restaurant, where a handful of ladies were playing Scrabble as I enjoyed an outstanding salmon salad.What can I say?  Four stars for being gracious enough to let me forget I'm just riff-raff.
<review# 1709,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/20/2008,7/8/2008,238,1622,5,5,5>A hidden gem at the end of the boardwalk, most people don't notice Il Piccolo Cafe.  However, with patio seating along the water and on the lee side, this is a great place to enjoy a beer with some friends.  In actuality, the patio seating along the water is open to anyone and you don't have to be a patron to sit there.  Unfortunately, the water side seating  is often in shade in the afternoon.  So you get views but not much sun.  I much prefer the lee side seating where you can see over to SF but also people watch the tourists on the boardwalk.
<review# 1710,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2008,7/7/2008,187,255,2,6,6>What's another word for amazing?Remarkable!Incredible! Marvelous!All to describe Angelino's, hands down, the best, Italian food I have ever had in my life.  I heard about this place as a recommendation to take my husband his family for lunch.  We made a date to go out one Saturday afternoon for lunch and while we knew it was going to be good, we were not prepared for what we got.  It's in Sausaltio with an amazing view of the water, bridge, and if it's a clear day that day, it's like you can see forever!  The restaurant itself is very quaint with white tablecloths.  The staff very friendly, and very efficient service. I had the gnocchi with beef and my husband ordered the linguine con vongole (linguine with clams) and were so impressed we could barely speak to each other during the meal; we were so engrossed in our food.  The gnocchi was well cooked, light sauce, and the beef was tender, juicy, and perfectly seasoned to compliment the gnocchi.  The linguine my husband had was nothing short of amazing.  They served that dish with the tiny clams cooked in their shells with a light sauce as well.  Nothing was too heavy nor were the portions too overwhelming.  (Sorry while I wipe my drool) I have not had the chance to go back (sadly), but I tell everybody the same thing; if you want good, authentic Italian food, this is the place to go to!  Don't expect Italian-American chain food here, this is the real deal!
<review# 1711,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2010,8/8/2011,79,356,1,4,3>This is what a toy store should be.  If you live anywhere in Marin County, it's worth the trip to Novato to shop at Five Little Monkeys.  This place is a cut above.Located in the heart of Novato's adorable downtown district, Five Little Monkeys offers plenty of free parking near the store.  The shop is filled with all manner of special and carefully selected toys.  There is a baby section up front, with lovely stuffed animals, rattles, bibs and developmental toys.  I've purchased several gifts for new mothers here and always find things that are sweet and special.  We normally make a beeline to the back of the store, where the trains are located.  My little guy is obsessed with trains, and the big section devoted to Thomas is a huge hit with him.  There's a large train table decked out with tons of track and trains, and children can play to their heart's content.  Getting my son out of here is the hard part.  He never wants to leave.  Prices are very reasonable.  About the same as you'd pay on Amazon for Thomas trains.  Near the trains, there is also large collection of books.  Five Little Monkeys stocks an impressive amount of books, from paperbacks to gift-worthy illustrated hardcovers.  There is also a large art section, with easels, paper, paints, sticker books and everything your little artist could want.  There's a costume section, a ton of Legos, several lovely wooden play kitchens with accessories and a bunch of beautiful dolls and stuffed toys.  The store has taken care to stock really nice things, not a lot of junky toys, and so you'll find plenty of Melissa & Doug and reputable names on the toys.The other wonderful thing about Five Little Monkeys is the service.  The people who work here are unfailingly nice and helpful.  I was once here when a woman came in needing a birthday present for a toddler, and I watched as the saleslady spent about 20 minutes personally taking her around the store, pointing out options, asking questions about the birthday girl, going through the pros and cons of various brands.  You just don't get personal service like this at most places, but at Five Little Monkeys, you do.  This place is a treasure.
<review# 1712,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2011,8/7/2011,79,258,11,2,1>1st of all, the Bovine Bakery is delicious and feeds your body & soul. That's important to know.2nd, I am a total pizza snob. (I had Little Caesar's once. I was in college & very hungry. A mistake of youth.)3rd, the location is wonderful within downtown Petaluma with so many benches along the sidewalk just outside their doors. 4th & Final, I wish I was eating their pizza right now. I shared a slice with my only child...reluctantly. It was cheesy & firm & light & gracefully danced in my mouth. The next time he gets some he'll be buying it himself. He's four. That might be a while.
<review# 1713,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2011,8/6/2011,1,8,1,3,3>This place is simply the tops.  With their amazing, home-made gelato crafted with all local ingredients, as well as the sweet shop specializing in great, old-style candies, they simply can't be beat.  Greg del Secco, the owner, is very friendly, always willing to chat about the business or food in general, and is a genuine pleasure.The only downside I would admit is that there is nothing else around Del Secco's, which has hurt their business.  I can't recommend them enough -- if you're in Rohnert Park and in the mood for a fantastic dessert, please drop by; they absolutely deserve your business and will treat you right.
<review# 1714,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2011,8/5/2011,141,176,1,14,7>I'd been dying to go here for soooooo long. I seemed to always stop by randomly when they were closed. Finally, after hearing such a great review of the eclectic rare meat selection from a friend (Elk, Venison, Alligator, Ostrich, Rabbit, etc) I knew I just had to make a point to stop by when they were open.Today I called at 9 am and they let me know they were open (today = Saturday) until 5 pm.When we followed the signs and started going down a small road appearing like a driveway I laughed at all the cute small signs posted on top of the fencing. One sign that I remember well was stating hick parking only! Another sign showed a bull outline with something witty.It really does feel like you're driving to someone's house with all the twists and turns, and the passing of a house on the right side.When we pulled up to the lot my boyfriend said "Wow, this place is busy." Really there were only a handful of trucks but even so, people walking out with arms full of bagged meats and whatever else fit their fancy.I also noted they have some smokers on site and sell accompanying charcoals and wood. These included mesquite, maple, and more.When we entered the shop it reminded me of Willowside, where there isn't much walking room and has an array of fridges and freezers to choose selection from.The difference between Willowside's meats though, is there is no case in the front at Buds with fresh meat.There is a nice selection that seems ever rotating and I thought the pricing was a little cheaper at Buds than Willowsides for the comparable meats.Otherwise, when I went there was a selection of Kobe cuts, Alligator medalions, Elk, Bison, Venison, Rabbit, Lamb, Pork, and Beef. The special today was 4.99/lb ground grass fed beef.I picked up a full ready to eat rabbit (I plan to make Rabbit Proscuitto, look me up and I'll share the recipe) for $26, some banger like sausages, and a couple of veal scallopini cuts. All in all it was around 30 something dollars, which I didn't think was too hefty, especially since the Rabbit was large ($7.99/lb) enough to feed at least two to three people in a full course meal.My boyfriend picked up two different kinds of jerky. The bloody-mary marinated beef (medal winner it said) and a venison kind. The venison was sweet and finished with a peppercorn bite. I noted that both kinds used powdered soy sauce, honestly which I've never heard of. So I thought that interesting. We have yet to try the beef version.The most notable to me of all though is no nitrites or nitrates and also no preservatives. A BIG plus in my book. So that equals the most freshest taste in mind!I'm excited to go back and hopefully find some ostrich. My friend tells me it's like the most tender filet mignon which I am a huge fan of. And of course to get more Rabbit, check out some Kobe ($25/lb), and dig into some venison sausages and steak cuts. Oh and get a ham during the next holiday, maybe Easter?!This place gets my thumbs up and more than 5 stars if I could give it.
<review# 1715,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2011,8/4/2011,24,408,,8,6>Reviewing any restaurant on its first day of business is usually not a good idea, but in this particular case I'm doing it to help get the word out. Noodle Bowl is tucked away at the back of a little strip mall off Russell Ave, an obscure practically invisible location that has defeated a number of prior tenants. The friendly family that own the place have obviously invested a lot of time and money in this small space, turning a rather lackluster dining area into something more upscale. As you might guess from their name, they offer the standard selection of pho noodles, but also a nice range of Vietnamese Thai and Chinese cuisine, and very tasty Vietnamese sandwiches for only $3. I had a sandwich with grilled chicken this afternoon, and was amazed by the taste and the amount of meat included - easily the best three dollar lunch item in town. After a few more visits to Noodle Bowl I might have to revise my 5-star rating, but I honestly doubt it. Based on my experience today I think the quality will be maintained, and this restaurant will be a permanent fixture in north Santa Rosa. I look forward to being a regular here for years to come. If you're into Thai or Vietnamese cuisine, or looking for a great lunch under $5.00, look no further. This is worth the trip from any part of town.
<review# 1716,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2011,8/3/2011,5,24,1,4,3>Angie was super helpful and Ross installed the landing pad on top of my new Kia soul! Novato Kia didn't advise me that there weren't racks to fit so I investigated it myself! They did a great job and I can't wait to put my mountain bikes and go! The system is very clean and no more towers that mount into door jams! It's very easy to take on and off the car and looks great on the car! They were understanding to my needs and uses for the rack! Great service! Thanks!
<review# 1717,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2011,8/2/2011,3,46,1,4,3>Kelly does a really good job! Having moved here recently I really didn't know who to choose for a facial and I am glad that I found Kelly (thanks Yelpers!). Kelly is quite personable and doesn't ruin the peaceful vibe you get during the facial by trying to sell you stuff at the end of your treatment. I also had my eyebrows done for the first time and I am now a convert, even my husband said they looked great. I will be going back for more!
<review# 1718,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2011,8/1/2011,13,47,1,4,3>I love this place.  There is nowhere quite like it for professional advise and an excellent selection of running shoes and apparel.I had my eye on a pair of new Adidas running shoes, recently imported, apparently.  Today, I finally got my act together and headed down San Anselmo Avenue to buy them.  As I entered the store, there was a lot of activity.  This was Super Bowl Sunday and I had really expected the town to be very quiet - but Marin Running Company was three - four deep in customers.   A good sign!I asked about the Adidas shoes I had seen and the lady helping me also brought out a pair of Mizunos.  I have never owned Mizunos before.  I tried them on first as they were a sleaker shape than the Adidas shoes - lighter, smaller.Once I had both feet wrapped in these shoes, and had taken a walk and jog around the store, the Adidas shoes did not stand a chance.  If the assistant as the store had not suggested them, I never would have considered them - and they were $10 less expensive that the Adidas shoes.A great selection of socks, tops, shorts, and water bottles, together with technically aware staff who can advise on a variety of personal requirements, is all here for the asking.I will definitely be a return customer.
<review# 1719,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2011,7/31/2011,52,31,,5,2>Two tattoos here so far.  I've had both done by Heather, who is not only an amazing artist but was very good at soothing my quaking fear at the beginning of my first tattoo.  Her light touch and gentle shading adds a delicate touch to the tattoos with finer lines and more detail.  The wide variety and talent of artists and styles in the shop is why Spider Murphy's is so popular.  Find an artist whose style you dig, and go for it!
<review# 1720,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2011,7/30/2011,47,100,2,3,2>I'll keep this short since everyone has already said what I would say. I had a deluxe facial with Emily last weekend and it was fantastic. I love her knowledge of skin care, relaxed style and all the products she used. She's super cool and east to talk to as well. I hate going to places for services where it just feels awkward, not the case with Emily. I loved that she didn't push the products on me but gave me samples to decide for myself. Her little "nook" is a perfect little relaxation sanctuary and I will be back for SURE. I'm going to her for all my waxing and facials from now one. Thanks Emily, you're awesome!
<review# 1721,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2011,8/18/2011,41,46,,9,5>I stopped in here after a late lunch at Morimoto not ready to lose my high after that pleasure. I was pleasantly surprised at the wine selection by the glass and bottle. While the list is predominantly Napa I did find a few European jems that made me perfectly happy. The owner Al was a really nice guy and I wish them all the success. This may end up being my new hang out.
<review# 1722,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2011,8/17/2011,724,333,4,6,3>Oakville Grocery is much more than a grocery - it's a destination - in between hundreds of sips of Vino, when you need it the most. It's more like a great sandwich shop in the dessert of wineries and expensive eateries. It's a small store, but a small store packed with everything you could possibly consider for lunch.They give Good friendly service to tons of people they'll never see again - what I like about that is a lot of tourist destinations are not that way. I worked at a Pier 39 restaurant as a manager many moons ago and I was told to stop talking to the tables we want them in and out!
<review# 1723,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2011,8/16/2011,67,79,3,6,4>We didn't want College of Marin (COM) to build  it's new Fine Arts Building because too many students come already from nearby, state supported community college districts:  their studentry commute to COM from the East Bay and San Francisco, jamming many intersections on our poor arterial, Sir Francis Drake Boulevard.So, welcome to the neighborhood,  COM's new Fine Arts Building -- like it or not - what did our tax money bring us?  I've attached several iPhone photos, each of which is easily worth 10,000 words (nonetheless, I stuck on long, wordy captions).First, they cut down a very old stand of very big walnut trees:  major league demerit for that.Then they chopped up a wing of the new building to permit an open view of a grove of old Redwoods:  5 stars for the trees, 2 stars for the atrophied wing (you gotta see the picture).But the rest of the new FAB is probably meritorious.  A semi-circular concrete wall holds the pieces together. Although a little naked concrete goes a long way, COM has used it liberally on its prior architectural generation.  So, the FAB is a good fit with them.Color of the upper levels is harmonious with the earlier generation of faux Spanish Colonial buildings - including the old Fine Arts Building.The new FAB, in all its parts, is closely arranged to complement the old building -- a small courtyard links the 2 buildings and lets you take a quick peek at the redwoods as you cross.Architectonically, the new building would be a disjointed mess if not for the semi-circular concrete wall.  Functionally, the fence houses outdoor work areas (kilns, etc), thus, luckily, its form follows a legitimate function. Whew!Get used to it. It's ours now.
<review# 1724,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2010,8/15/2011,75,52,4,5,3>I have been to this hospital a couple times twice to the ER. and once to the maternity ward of the hospital. starting with the ER. i would have most likely given the ER. itself a 1-2 star rating the doctors are lazy tell all the other employees what to do and automatically assume your lying about everything. i have gallstones and the first time i went in with upper abdomen pain they didn't really seem to care about what was going on. i didn't know what was wrong at first and the doctor just told me casually its probably just something i ate he gave me some numbing stuff to drink and sent me on my way. The second time i went back with the same problem I'm pretty sure all my treatments were an overkill. they did everything to me from a urine test to a 12 lead EKG ad they finally found the problem $12,000 dollars later. luckily i have excellent insurance and they covered it all. Now i didn't tell them this but I'm a paramedic and questioned some of the stuff they were doing in my head with what treatments they were giving me. its like they saw i have great insurance and decided to just go to town and do everything they could to get paid. now lets talk about the maternity ward of the hospital. if i could i would give them a 10 star rating. Me and my girlfriend just had our first baby here in May. The staff there was fantastic let us know what was going on at all times were always making sure we had everything we needed and were just easy going. they give the mother and father a room to stay in with the baby for a couple nights so you can all be together. they were patient and quick to help in anyway they could. My only complaint about it would be that even though my girlfriend was having contractions about every 10-15 minutes the doctor assured us she was not having the baby that day....................3 hours later we were back with her in full blown labor. Just made me wonder if they were trying to double dip the hospital stay time to insurance. Again though the doctor that discharged us was an er doctor and we only saw him one time for about the 2 minute duration he said we can just go home. I am not gonna let one bad apple in the maternity ward ruin it though. If you live in the area i would say Petaluma valley is a fantastic place to have a baby. if your not seriously hurt go to another er or clinic.
<review# 1725,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/27/2011,8/14/2011,96,212,4,8,3>REALLY???My response after finding out that there is a Novato public library in the Hamilton area of Novato.  It's all the way on Hangar Road -- in fact, it's in one of the old hangar buildings. Is it convenient? Not unless you happen to be at Hamilton for something else, because let's face it....NOTHING is on the way to Hamilton.Also, they are closed on Sunday, Monday and Friday.  Too bad they aren't open on Fridays, because that's the day the main library is closed.  You'd at least have an option when you want a library book on a Friday.The good about this branch is that because so few people know about it, many times if you're looking for a new or popular book, it will be sitting on the shelf.
<review# 1726,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/12/2011,8/13/2011,1,186,4,8,4>Mill Valley now has a new restaurant in which to see and be seen while bitterly complaining about your neighbor's refusals to allow you to further expand your already bloated home while "barely impacting" your neighbor's views, drainage, or other insignificant items.  (And yes, that was the conversation loudly inflicted on us the entire evening from the table next to ours.)  Sigh...We arrived a few minutes early for our reservation with the intent of having a drink in the bar.  Sadly, the physical space does not allow for guests to just walk up to the bar to get a drink - there were lots of people eating at the bar, but no place to just order a drink to stand about with.  The only open space was the service location for the wait staff, so we constantly had to move to one side or the other to accommodate the staff while we waited to order and be served.  They only have a wine and beer license, so if you are looking to have a cocktail before your meal, you will need to go elsewhere.Although I am totally in favor of making your own sparkling water, I do request that you somehow cap it so that the sparkle remains in the water.   Every glass of sparkling water I had was flat.For appetizers, I had the Bibb lettuce salad which was excellent.  It was served with a tangy green goddess dressing, avocado and grapefruit.  The SO went with the crab cakes which he also deemed excellent.For our entre we went with the 32oz Porterhouse for two which was properly cooked (rare) and flavorful, although it was a bit difficult to serve.  We ordered several sauces to go with our steak - all of which were very tasty, although the Bearnaise was very thick and "glumpy."We went with the asparagus, peas and carrots and duck fat fries as sides.  I can't say that any of the sides were particularly inspired.  The roasted asparagus looked (and tasted) steamed, not roasted.  Although the carrots had been cut into flower shapes, the peas and carrots were simply that.  The duck fat fries were crisp and flavorful.Our desserts were adequate but not remarkable enough for me to remember them.The waiter's recommendation of a Petit Syrah was right on the mark and the SO enjoyed it very much.As other people have mentioned, the bread service is unique with each table being served their own mini-loaf in its own pan.  The bread was a little flat on it's on as it could have used a bit more salt in the dough, when paired with butter it was fine.Service was about what you would expect at this price-point.  However, our waiter was constantly bumping into our table during service which was a bit disconcerting and disappointing.To quote many of my friends, it is a bit too "spendy" for frequent visits.Bottom line, this is a chop house - they grill meat products and serve them with sides.  It doesn't get any more complex than that.  During my visit, I didn't observe anything particularly unique or inspired - it is grilled meat served with sides - they do it well, but there is little that would separate them from any other chop house aside from the atmosphere which I enjoyed but won't increase their rating on.If Yelp allowed, I'd rate it 2.5 stars as they still need to tighten up their service a bit and make the bar a bit more customer friendly for guests who would like a drink while waiting for their table to get ready.For me, three stars is a good rating - especially for a chop house.
<review# 1727,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2011,8/12/2011,700,420,7,10,7>I took a Sabbatical leave from Facebook for Lent and I've been catching up on my reviews! I love feeling productive! Here's a place I never would've found.... thanks Yelp!This store makes me want to become a party planner! I can't wait to throw a theme party and buy all my party supplies at Craig's Warehouse. They have everything and anything you need and things that you don't even need here at this store.I came here last week because I had the duty to decorate my niece's birthday party. I came out with a smorgasbord of balloons! The prices are as cheap as 49 cents (infalated) for a solid latex to 89 cents depending on the size, the color and the design of the balloons. I bought over 20 latex balloons with one huge Mylar pink balloon for only $15! I felt like I robbed them after leaving their humble warehouse!They don't speak much English here, so brush up on your Spanish!
<review# 1728,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2011,8/11/2011,35,76,4,1,1>My coworker and I eat lunch here so often that we don't even have to order anymore. The staff just knows: two apricot curry wraps, one without dressing on the slaw. Done. So why I strayed from the well-beaten path I don't know, but today I ordered the peanut Thai noodles. This was a bigger mistake than McCain picking that wing nut from Alaska to be his running mate. I would rank the dish among the worst things I've consumed in a restaurant. A heap of rice noodles slathered in about a cup of peanut butter with about four slices of carrot, two bell pepper strips and a handful of bean sprouts. The sauce was the exact consistency of peanut butter. The noodles were cemented together to the point where chopsticks were powerless against their viscosity. But I couch this by saying that everything else I've eaten here is lovely, especially the curry wrap and the lettuce wrap appetizer. The staff is literally always smiling, attentive and fast. The kitchen can be slow so it's not a good spot for a quick bite. And it's always freezing cold inside. I bring a jacket regardless of season. I wholehearted recommend this restaurant, as long as you don't order thai noodles.
<review# 1729,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2011,8/10/2011,13,83,2,20,1>Loved it.No matter what Indian Restaurant I go to, I always order Chicken Vindaloo, its my absolute favorite dish in the world :) Sobbit Goa's was delicious!  I was actually shedding tears from the level of spiciness, but it wasnt unbearably hot that it loses flavor. However, Im gonna go easy on my palate and go Medium next time :PAs is my usual, I had a Mango lassi to counteract the spice. Aaaah, so good!Also had the Lamb Samosas, very good :)But the revelation to me was the Naan. I dont usually eat much Naan, I usually stick to just rice. But I tried the Pesto Garlic Naan...oh my. It was seriously the best Naan Ive had. So good! I love that they are not skimpy on the Pesto & Garlic Blend. So Tasty.To make things even better, the service was friendly and attentive. And on top of that, we received a complimentary dessert!I cannot wait to bring my family & friends here. My new favorite Indian Restaurant in the North Bay.
<review# 1730,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2010,8/9/2011,170,264,5,9,6>Pork buns in Marin? They're not easy to find & I actually found good ones here. So good that I actually came in three times in a week & there would have been a fourth, but I was always too excited to enter & didn't notice the store hours posted on the front. Note they are closed only on Sundays.Everything is made in house. The owners are so sweet; always smiling & accommodating. Their store front is tiny. If you don't walk Redhill Center often, you may have past it unknowingly between Round Table & Peet's.Chicken pot pie is also really tasty, but it is really about those pork buns. The pork is lean & there is no dye added to the meat mixture which is always an added bonus to me. They've got a couple cases of sweets & cakes, but I'm a savory girl.There are things that look somewhat like bagel dogs, but the "bun" is more of a flaky bread consistency than bagel. (RIP Marin Bagel Co.) The dog was also full of parts, so back to the pork buns. Oh those succulent pork buns. Everything is reasonably priced, so I may try more, but after going somewhere around 20 times, it's those pork buns that never let me down.This is just one of those little secrets that make me hesitant to yelp. Now, only if I could convince them to start making red bean buns.
<review# 1731,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2009,3/29/2010,156,1159,3,7,4>Ate lunch on a Monday @ Noon.  7 other diners in the place.  Friendly greeting, immediate seating.The recent rave review by Jeff Cox, Santa Rosa Press Democrat newspaper is now validated by yours truly. Bambie had drunken noodles. Generous portion, flavorful, not oily.   I had red curry with pork.  Lots of veggies in the curry too.  Again a good size portion.  Salad was crisp,  Rice was perfect.  The Medium level spicy has a slow burn that was very pleasant.   Free dessert was given,  Small bowl of perfect fresh raspberries & boysenberries.  Nice touch!10 item wine list had interesting selections that were priced fairly.   Waitresses & owners are super friendly and happy.  Dining room is small, 7 tables.  Decor is basic.  Clean and well lighted.2 lunches, One Glass wine & one pot of tea = $28.My new favorite Thai food resto here in Sonoma County.
<review# 1732,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2009,3/28/2010,94,166,1,8,7>It is great to have a bonafide seed seller smack dab in the middle of downtown Petaluma. Baker Creek Heirloom Seed is well known not only for providing a great product but for also going beyond just selling seeds and books; they are innovative and like to get involved in the community. (If you don't know what "heirloom" seeds are look it up online - wikipedia has a good explanation. It is pretty interesting and once you know the difference you will better understand why some people are so fanatical about what they put into their bodies and who they are willing to buy produce from.) Apparently, they have a huge customer base in this area which is one of the reasons they decided to open a store here. They are based out of Missouri and if you check their website you will see that they are intimately involved in the growing community through festivals, magazines, forums, etc. Although Petaluma (and the whole north bay) have always been ahead of the curve when it comes to things like the "slow food" movement and organic growing/eating hopefully this place will help expand people's understanding of the importance of responsible growing even further. The store is currently ramping up (they are still working on the interior) so there is nothing spectacular about the space but the energy that employees and customers were bringing in was great. Everyone who walked in while I was there was expressing how excited they were to have a seed company in town and I will bet that they will be even more excited once they learn the benefits of using heirloom seeds over conventional ones. Their selection is extensive as is their book collection. I am an avid reader and grower and a good portion of their books I had never seen. They have a great website and their mail order/internet order catalog has even more seed choices than the store...but it is still nice to be able to walk in to a brick and mortar store and talk to someone when you have questions. For those of you who are buying plants at Longs, Kmart, Home Depot, etc...STOP!!! A seed pack often times comes with 100s of seeds so at a couple bucks a seed pack you will save a TON of money by growing your own plants instead of buying them. And in our climate it is EASY to grow plants from seeds so stop by The Seed Bank, get a packet of seeds that looks interesting to you and give it a shot. Heck, let the kids pick something out too; growing plants is a great way for kids to learn all sorts things about life, about patience, about hard work, about what we put in our body and most importantly about responsibility.  You will find out quickly that you will enjoy your crops so much more when you have grown then yourself from the seeds up. I look forward to watching this company grow into a staple of our community.
<review# 1733,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2009,3/27/2010,61,320,3,5,5>Their burritos are HUGE - definitely two meals.  Unfortunately one cannot very well save half a burrito and expect it to taste the same - or even very good - the next day.  The veggie burrito has all the good stuff on it  so you don't have to pay extra for avo and crema.  That always annoys me.  Their refritos make for a pretty messy burrito, so be forewarned, the pintos are a better choice.  Their back patio is pretty nice though it looks like it used to be nicer - the ghosts of hanging plants and a nicer ambiance.  In general they have a ton of seating.  The order-taking took quite a little while it seemed but our food came up really quickly.
<review# 1734,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2010,3/26/2010,209,211,11,9,10>If I were a taqueria menu item, I'd be chica asada.  Because I like things grilled.  Including my chicken.  Grill that pollo.. make it super asado for me.  And, Taqueria Las Calendrias does it right every time.  Bring it on.I don't know why is it so friggin difficult to find grilled chicken at a friggin taqueria but, this place seems to be one of the only places that does it.  I don't want it marinated, or blanched, or oven roasted.  Grill that piece for me.  Now chant:Uno, Dos, Tres, Quatro......PO-LLO AS-ADO!!!PO-LLO AS-ADO!!!PO-LLO AS-ADO!!!PO-LLO AS-ADO!!!
<review# 1735,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2009,3/25/2010,87,152,4,4,4>I adore a restaurant with a one page menu.  Simplicity rocks.So does the few menu items we've inhaled.  We've tried Asparagus Soup, Lasagna, the NY Steak, and seasonal starters such as an heirloom tomato salad.  All good stuff.  Portions aren't that big which leaves you room for desserts.  And that's a good thing!  The dining room itself is rather small, or intimate, or cozy, but service is tops.  They boast a menu not so expensive, but somehow it creeps up there in the end (it's my drinking problem).I know I've bashed San Anselmo for the special surcharge you'll get at any restaurant or store.  I'm pleased to report DreamFarm seems to be a great alternative to some of the high end eats in town.
<review# 1736,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2009,3/24/2010,96,27,7,9,7>You know those triggers that make you want to get rich real quick? Masa in NYC ($300 pieces of sushi), or home design catalogs with the coolest dresser you've ever seen for $5000? This nursery will make you ready to hire a Landscape Designer and start buying $150 ceramic pots and fill your backseat with perennials and small trees, plus order 3 serenity fountains.But alas that is not my reality, I just stopped in for some houseplants. I never wanted to leave, the place felt like  Botanic Gardens and the staff was so friendly. I left with 3 gorgeous and reasonably priced houseplants, plus great instructions on how to care for them. The plants are flourishing, so I'm thinking it might be time to get a cat that can play in my Home and Garden worthy backyard I'm about to get started on (hah!)
<review# 1737,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2009,3/23/2010,53,182,4,14,12>I moved to Santa Rosa eleven years ago and had to say farewell to my Central Valley barber of nearly 25 years.  (135 miles is a bit too far to drive, one way, for a haircut.)After several trials and errors, I found my new barber at the Village Barber Shop where Jim (God rest his soul) served me well until his death a few years back.  I wasn't "over the top" happy with Jim's other two cohorts, so I started my search again.I had a heck of a time trying to find a barber who knew how to cut a decent flat top.  I went to at least six barbers, one of whom was a complete bigot (and I told him so) and I even had one hair stylist who used a level on my head!  Now that was strange; it made me feel like a construction project.I then remembered that during my time at Jim's Village Barber Shop, a youngish Rock-a-billy type guy with tattoos and dark wavy hair like James Dean by the name of Shawn McConlogue, would fill in on the third chair.  He seemed to do a decent job and I even had him cut my hair once when Jim was not available.  So I decided to set out to find him.I found him at "The Barber Shop" on Montgomery Drive, just east of Brookwood Avenue.  It's located on the triangular piece of property where Cocas Diko started their business, directly across the street from the Salvation Army's donation center and the Silvercrest Retirement highrise. I asked Shawn to give me a flat top and he proceeded to cut the best flat top I've ever had.  Since that day, I haven't even once considered going to anyone else; he is now MY barber.Recently, Shawn had an opportunity to buy the shop and so he did.  He has a retro-vision of what his barber shop should be and how it should look and the transition has begun, slowly yet surely.  From the black and white checkered tile floors to the cream colored walls, two antique barber poles, and a few Norman Rockwell prints straight from the covers of the Saturday Evening Post on the wall, this place has great bones for becoming the barbershop of days gone by.This is not a stylistic fru-fru type of place.  It's a kind of hangout where a man can go for a shave and a haircut, and while waiting, can engage in political conversation with other guys, watch television, or find guy-appropriate reading material.  A shave and a haircut is no longer six bits, but $17 for a regular cut and $15 for a senior cut is a bargain in today's economy.  The shave ... oh my God!  The shave is as close to heaven on earth that a guy dares to go.The only down-side, if there is one, is that Shawn does not take appointments.  For a busy guy like me, appointments would be nice, but his "first come, first served" approach gives me pause to sit down and relax from the hectic frenzy of my day if someone is already in the chair when I arrive.As for the barber poles, the one that stands in the corner is the one that graced the corner of Jim's Village Barber Shop, given to Jim by a group of elementary students nearly 30 years ago when Jim gave free haircuts to school children of low-income families in San Francisco.  So it seems a part of Jim is still around and if he could see what Shawn is doing, I think he'd approve.
<review# 1738,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2010,3/22/2010,175,39,6,11,6>Thursday Nights you can catch the amazing Bonnie Hayes playing jazz with her band in the Wine bar. For those that don't know who Bonnie Hayes is... She's kind of a big deal, and to be able to see her in such an intimate setting is quite a treat. The staff here is super friendly, and very knowledgeable. You will see that same staff each time you come, with little turn over. Which means even the employees love this place, and it shows. As for the food, I am pretty partial to the Gnocchi. You can tell they make it fresh daily. and the sauce is amazing. I get the Alfredo sauce, which is sooo cheesy good. But you should also try their pizza's and desserts. Overall a great place to get a bite with nice atmosphere.
<review# 1739,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2009,3/21/2010,81,202,12,12,11>The way I felt the morning of my 34th Birthday could be compared to the way the guys felt the morning they woke up in the movie "The Hangover" with an angry Tiger in the bathroom and a crying baby in the closet!After recovering from my "pre-birthday" party the night before my birthday, I was in no mood to do much on my actual birthday this year...partially because it fell on a Tuesday, and who wants to party with you on a Tuesday?Luckily, with our economy in turmoil, I can usually find a friend that wants to go to lunch and is not that busy (uh, unemployed) even on a weekday afternoon.  I figured it was about time to check out Toast at Hamilton Landing, considering I really like the new shopping center...and am a frequent visitor of some of the other stores.  Plus I figured the "opening hype" had finally died down and we could get a more normal feel for the place without the ridiculous crowds and chaos.This place is slick looking, and easy on the eyes...especially if you had a huge birthday bash and need to look at a simple, shiny pretty place the next morning.  Eh, who am I kidding...I don't think I got there for lunch until 1:30 in the afternoon!Our server was really friendly, and lunch was great.  I did absolutely no research on the alcohol menu; I feared getting sick looking at it considering my sins the night before.  I'm pretty sure they can do all the way up to Champagne (mimosas, etc...), but that they don't have a full bar?  Don't quote me on that.  I was only 80% awake~!The turkey burger was pretty good...not as good as Moylan's turkey burger, but the soup that came with it was great!  The lady who served us  was pushing for me to get the "three sorbet" dessert (with some fresh fruit) after lunch.  I decided to agree, and then was surprised to see they took it off the bill as a "happy birthday".  Nice touch.  You can be sure I will be back to try their Corned-Beef Hash (breakfast?) and Chicken Pot Pie (dinner?).  Different things at different times of the day.  All I know is, that after Toast, I finally started feeling better after a long night of senseless birthday partying.  Certainly has a lot to offer and will be back!
<review# 1740,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2009,3/20/2010,56,121,8,6,10>Go, just go. You won't be disappointed, that is, as long as you are not expecting a fancy lounge where the creme de la creme of Marin citizens are sipping on pricey martinis.This is a local's joint.  Old, rustic, with no nonsense bartenders and enough people watching to last you an evening.  My fiancé and I view this as our spot, because when we were dating, this was the only bar in Marin where we could stay for hours, talk all night and chuckle when our favorite, odd local sat down in their usual spot, at their usual time.This is as unique as Marin gets.  A fun local vibe in an otherwise typical town.
<review# 1741,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2014,10/28/2014,248,493,9,11,8>Wednesday night is a school night and look at me with my Brat out on the town!Le Garage has been on my list for ages, and well this lucky Wednesday was the day. Right off the water you feel like you're in a secluded secret hideout and when you receive your order, you wish it WERE secret so that no one else finds out about your hidden food mecca, lest you have to wait in line!Chickpea Fries are just everything. They seem so simple, but they are all textures and flavors wrapped in an unassuming little yellow brick - perhaps like those that paved the way for Dorthy to Oz, ah yes they are dreamlike, just like that brick road.Ok, I am waxing poetic and on the vomitous side, though I cannot state enough how wonderful this humble little dish is. Crunchy and crisp outside only to give way to the creamiest center that is just a delight, simple sea salt sprinkles make this plate shine.That's not where it ends though. A highly seasonal menu makes sure that you are never bored, our particular night saw a table full of farro, fiddlehead ferns and spring peas, roasted chicken with succulent gravy and green beans - we wanted for nothing and we didn't even glance at wine or dessert.Simple, casual, classy choice literally for any night of the week - with Le Garage, you will be the Belle of the Grease Monkeys.
<review# 1742,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2014,10/27/2014,30,37,3,21,6>My cousins stayed at wood valley ranch while in town for a wedding recently and we were very impressed with SVE. They gave us advance notice that the earthquake had disturbed well water and to expect murky water. They were super accommodating - bringing out bottled water for us and making sure everyone was comfortable and taken care of! It was not an ideal situation but they definitely made up for it with their excellent service and problem solving - thanks Heather and Breana! I wouldn't hesitate to refer friends and family to Sonoma Valley Escapes!
<review# 1743,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2014,10/26/2014,724,333,3,6,8>Good Mexican food - $1 street tacos are good - I like the El Pastor. The Chimichanga was excellent compared to down the street (aka Taqueria Santa Rosa #5). Cooked perfectly with lots of meat, good salsa, decent chips. it's definitely a gas station atmosphere - but we're not here to dine. It's really great food coming out of a Gas Station. And since it's a Gas Station sometimes they miss things, or there are people in front of you paying for their gas. Great place to pick up good Mexican food if you don't want the atmosphere. Also - order the Churro here - very good and freshly fried.
<review# 1744,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2014,10/25/2014,331,587,9,9,9>Five stars to a place that I never want to return to. This is a rare and puzzling case indeed. Actually, it just involves a sometimes necessary evil: a root canal! Not sure if that exclamation mark is appropriate, but I want you to pay attention if you're deliberating between endodontists. Dr. Dudum and his staff are all wonderful, from the receptionist, the assistant, and the good doctor himself. I felt well taken care of and confident that this is the best place possible to get the drill. I was well-informed of the cost, what was going to happen, and how to care for the tooth post-root canal. The doctor himself even phoned a few days after the procedure, which was an appreciated touch. As you're tilted back in the dental chair you have a view of a towering tree outside, which coupled with a Pandora station of your choosing, creates a nice distraction from what's going on in your mouth.I absolutely do not want to step foot here again, but if need be, I would not hesitate to entrust my health to this office.
<review# 1745,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2014,10/24/2014,5,72,2,6,4>We went to Seared last Wednesday and were pleasantly surprised after not having visited it since it opened.  It's a big change since Graziano's, the dinner house that was in the same location for decades.  I liked the interior design treatment which used basic black with contrasting brick red ducts up near the 20' industrial-look ceiling.  The grill and prep area is wide open, giving diners a full view of the chef and crew at work.The albacore appetizer, slightly seared around the edges, was a delight for the eyes as well as the palate!  My GF had the gnocchinetti which was very good (she deemed it the best ever) while I enjoyed one of the best Filet Mignons I've ever had, cooked to perfection.  The broccoli was a disappointment--a bit fibrous, chewy, and difficult to cut even with a steak knife.Our server was excellent: invisible but so tuned in to our needs that she appeared at just the right time throughout dinner to see if we needed anything. Dessert was a pleasant surprise: A cup of espresso, a house-made doughnut (with a removable hole!), and a small jar of Three Twins Madagascar Vanilla ice cream.  A perfect finish to a very nice dining experience.
<review# 1746,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2014,10/23/2014,2,53,4,5,3>Way back in September 2013, I wanted to surprise my Mr. W.C. with a perfect breakfast before an anniversary extravaganza. After reading reviews, the candidate was Sax's. It was right after they first opened, and it was busy. Well worth the wait. Over the past year, we have traveled from Napa to Petaluma at least once a month because Sax's has a breakfast better than anything in Napa. Price is right, food outstanding. The W.C.'s need a good stick to your ribs kinda breakfast that Gramma would approve of. Omelette's are perfection...Mr. M.C. has ordered the biggest burger on the menu and is not easily impressed. Totally approved. Chicken fried steak, corned beef hash, eggs, potatoes. and that biscuits and gravy ...all like Gramma's home fixxin's . It's almost like Gramma climbed out of  grave and cooked breakfast herself. And the jam...all home made. The service is home town. Better be polite because that wait staff means business. After the Napa Earthquake 8/24/2014, before we dealt with our shambles of a house, we knew we could not clean the mess without fuel. And where we would we go? Only one choice, Sax's. After our excellent breakfast and telling them about our survival of the disaster, they treated us like family, but they always do. With proper fuel, Mr & Mrs WC had the mojo to get the house whipped in to shape. That which does not kill us make us stronger, but not without Sax's breakfast...
<review# 1747,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2014,10/22/2014,74,98,8,7,4>If you like seafood, there is simply no better place to go. These guys have fresh (not frozen) local, seasonal, specialty, fish straight off the boat. They have lobster, they have prawns, they have Alaskan salmon, they have local salmon, they have swordfish, they have tuna - heck, they have three different sizes of scallops (and what a scallop!)This is a small locally owned neighborhood place, and they've been here for ages and know what they're doing. It is a market, so don't expect to have anything cooked on-site or to be sit down anywhere.Great, fast service, exceptional selection, decent prices!If you DON'T like seafood, I wouldn't even walk in the door. Why are you even reading this?
<review# 1748,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2014,10/21/2014,56,121,3,4,4>Summer House is one of my favorite stores in Marin. If I had an unlimited budget to furnish my house, this would be the first place I'd go. I literally want everything in the store! I love the jewelry, candles, soaps, pajamas, artwork, accessories.. I could go on and on. I was in the store this past week shopping for a mothers day present and the women working was so incredibly helpful! She had tons of suggestions and walked me through the store to find the perfect gift for my mom. I bought a beautiful vase and a lovely bag for my friend. The service was so great I will definitely be back the next time I want to buy someone a special gift or treat myself!
<review# 1749,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2014,10/20/2014,314,37,4,7,7>This review is long overdue. Literally, one of the BEST tasting & tour experiences I've ever had in the Valley. This is mainly due to our amazing host, Jay. Jay takes absolute pride in what he does & it showed throughout our entire experience. I've never met someone that is more jazzed about wine and everything that entails wine. It is beyond rewarding & educational. Our group really got a sense of what Pride Mountain Vineyards is all about. Their dedication and hard-work shines within their wine. I've had some of the most incredible Chardonnay's, Viognier's, Merlot's and Cabernet's thanks to Pride Mountain Vineyards. Probably one of the most devastating facts about the Pride Mountain Vineyards wine is that it is EXTREMELY POPULAR! For good reason, of course. However, if you had your eye on a certain varietal/vintage I absolutely would recommend for you to get on their mailing list and PMV will give you a heads up as to when certain varietals and vintages are coming out... BUY THEM IMMEDIATELY! It honestly sounds very exaggerated but it's no joke. Their wines can sell out within hours. Plan accordingly!Their red wines are definitely youthful and emphasize the ripeness of black fruits. It's extremely delicious and truly represents the essence of California winemaking. However, PMV red wines can age. You can simply drink now or later, you're palate preference. When I mean aging, I mean CA red wine aging - 10 to 15 years MAX. The beautiful thing about PMV wine is the winemaker lives on property, needless to say these vines are handled with extra care and supervised daily since there are 40 different vineyard blocks that all age as well as harvest at different times. PMV is appointment only and well worth it. Max 12 people in a group as well as a $25 charge for the tasting and tour. Our group spent a good 2 hours at PMV. PMV property is massive and gorgeous, especially during spring, summer and harvest months. PMV rests on top of the Mayacamas Mountains and is BREATH-TAKING! Lush greenery, peaceful... such a beautiful drive. About 2,000 feet above the Napa Valley floor. Vineyards for days (83 Vineyard Acres)! The tasting room is very spacious and open but you honestly won't be spending much time in there. The tour is simply fantastic with the barrel caves, vineyards and production facility. Our group received a visit from the Viognier winemaker... which resulted in a tasting straight from the stainless steel tanks. OH SO GOOD! Smooth, slightly creamy with apricot and honeysuckle notes. This was a very rare treat since they had no Viogniers for us to taste within the tasting room - sold out! PMV does provide tasting-only appointments for groups from 1 to 6 people at a $20 charge from 10:30AM to 3:45PM. However, I highly recommend the tour & tasting for the extra $5 and once in a lifetime experience. It doesn't get better than this folks! Thanks again, Jay! You rock!
<review# 1750,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2014,10/19/2014,36,85,4,8,3>If you have a limited Spanish vocabulary like me (taco, burrito, queso, etc.) you have to add ELOTE (corn).  You've got to have this corn they serve here.  Don't let anybody scare you away with whispers of "Mayo and cheese on corn???!" When they say that, you think of the beautiful words "Con queso" and just order the Elote with everything. It's a wonderland in your mouth. Corn on the cob rolled in salty queso fresco goodness with a slight bit of heat and served on a stick. Brilliant.
<review# 1751,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2010,7/3/2010,23,5,1,2,2>I totally expected this place to be a scene out of Twin Peaks. I don't know why, but I've been walking past it for months since moving to Tiburon and never tried it. Recently I went with a friend for dinner and it was amazing. Actually the best meal I have ever had in Tiburon. What's important for me to point out is the recipes. Really good, but subtle. Nothing was over the top or overpowering. My friend had a dish with Saffron which is notoriously overdone at most restaurants. Not The Caprice... it was perfect. Combined with amazing service, a great martini and a view you won't get anywhere else in the bay area... I can't recommend this place enough!
<review# 1752,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2010,7/2/2010,44,303,3,6,4>V-A-L-U-EWow! We stopping in for dinner on a Saturday night, just before the belly dancing started. We shared an order of hummus. The hummus was good, was missing some tang for me though. It is served with fluffy bread, which is good, but I did miss pita. The bread/hummus ratio wasn't right for me. I loved the falafel wrap. I asked for extra hot sauce and wow....spiciest fire oil in the universe. It was awesome. Two of us $24, shared and appetizer, each had a wrap and finished off with pistachio baklava. Great find.
<review# 1753,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2009,7/1/2010,123,1032,3,5,4>As a recent transplant from Menlo Park, I was looking for something to take the place of my fave local breakfast spot, Ann's. Thank you, Yelp, for suggesting Theresa & Johnny's!T&J's is a basic little place that serves only lunch and breakfast. It has a lot of character, and not in the cheap TGIFriday's way. This is an authentic little spot with a funky staff and good food. The portions are large, so be forewarned. Without a doubt, the best breakfast deal is the savory combo that comes with either two pancakes or french toast and an egg for $6. The pancakes are the size of your friggin' head!CASH ONLY! This almost caught me by surprise, but I was able to pay for my girlfriend's food as well as my own without skimping on the tip. And they deserved that tip: the staff was friendly, prompt and courteous. I think I found my new Ann's ...
<review# 1754,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/19/2009,6/30/2010,178,402,2,4,3>On today's hot day, the street a-bustle from the West End festival, we retreated to the shaded, tropical back patio at Whipper Snapper.  Our waitress, cheery but busy, apologized a handful of times that the service was so slow.  I appreciated the apology, which somewhat negated the problem.  The other diners all looked happy, the food being served looked tasty (especially the sandwiches), and the atmosphere was pleasant.  My BF and I split a 1/2 pitcher of the Housemade White Sangria, which was tasty and got me tipsy ($14).  The chips and salsa were fine, but not for the price ($3), especially when I caught the staff inside opening up the costco-sized bag.Note:Whipper Snapper: You have options for a hungry vegan like me, not on your menu as an entree.  Here is my suggestion for your newest dish, so vegans and vegetarians can eat without feeling like such a sucker, paying $20 bucks for beans & rice.Vegan Platter ($10)Organic Mixed Green Salad, with coconut vinaigrette, black beans, and spanish rice, served with your choice of Fried Sweet Plantains or Organic Fingerling Potatoes.
<review# 1755,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2009,6/29/2010,35,76,9,6,10>There's no way I can top Ali R.'s review of the Buckhorn Tavern, so I won't even try. (She's elite for a reason, people.) But I love this bar so I have to put in my two yelp cents on the one side of the Buckhorn that Ali has yet to experience: the hot dogs with special sauce. Typically, I would be be frightened to try anything called 'special sauce' at a dive bar. But my friend Jen, a local and BH regular, insisted they were the best in town. And guess what? They ain't half bad. And the special sauce? A fine addition. And for about $2? A damn fine lunch.And to think my mother once told me to never eat at a place with the cocktail on their sign. To think all I would have missed out on...
<review# 1756,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2010,6/28/2010,133,206,,11,4>I've only been here a couple times since they opened but I'm very optimistic about its prospects. They seem to be doing things right. The fact that their stage is larger than most bars in the area and that they have made a dedicated area for live music makes me really hopeful that Chrome Lotus could become a really great place to enjoy real music right here in town!The only negating factor worth mentioning so far is the beer selection. You wouldn't know you were in Sonoma County by looking at the taps -- Lagunitas IPA seems to be the only local beer available. Where are all the other great NorCal IPAs?Update: It's also very strange that the club has live music in back but tries to drown it out by blasting other music in front. Last time I was there, they had Guns 'N' Roses playing at a  *deafening* volume in the front area. It was quite painful as we made our way to the back for the band. I hope someday, they just pipe the live music into the front area or come up with some way to make harmony between the two zones.
<review# 1757,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/23/2009,6/27/2010,148,101,16,22,16>I'd rather be lucky than good.To be a resident of Mill Valley and have not eaten at Vasco would be about as unlikely as living in San Francisco and never having seen fog. Situated on a street corner facing the town center, you can't avoid crossing paths with Vasco - it juts out into a four-way intersection and draws you in with its softly lit interior, wood paneling, and its picture-frame windows.Were it not for its location, Vasco would be just an average Italian restaurant, but as it stands, it thrives. It bothers me a bit, probably because I have a similar beef with Sausalito restaurants - somehow they feel entitled to be mediocre because of their location. Only a tourist would be apathetic enough to state, "Who cares about the food, would you look at that VIEW!?" At Vasco, the view is substituted for people-watching at the epicenter of Mill Valley's social scene, and it is a sight to be seen. I have to credit Vasco for being the place where I invented my favorite drinking game, the Jimmy Choo Challenge: a shot for every pair that walks by. (You'll be plastered in under a half hour, guaranteed, or I owe you a Choo toy.)To put Vasco's cuisine into a category is difficult. It's as reliable as fast food, but a notch or two up in terms of quality. The menu, which hasn't changed in a decade, is copacetic, but uninspiring. The dishes may be listed in Italian, but there's a veneer of authenticity that rubs off easily.Paper napkins, store bought pasta, day old bread and a number of frozen ingredients are telltale. The calamari comes fully encrusted with corn meal, which means that you essentially treat the red pepper aioli as a dip and the calamari as chips. Their pizzas are decent, and probably the most consistent items on the menu. The thin, chewy crust is plain vanilla; the tomato sauce is lightly seasoned; and the toppings are standard fare. Pasta dishes are simple, and pretty good - if I made pasta at home out of a box, it would come close to tasting like their fettuccini alla carbonara or penne salsiccia options. (My risotto, however, beats the pants off of their artichoke and mushroom glop.) Their chicken dishes (e.g., saltimbocca, marsala) are average, the sauces not quite living up to their descriptions. Daily specials are written on chalk boards, but they are an extension of the regular menu based on availability, and if you've been to Vasco enough times, you've seen the extent of the rotation. Their desserts, quite unexpectedly, are where Vasco has surprises in store, and I would hazard to say that some of them are homemade. Someone in the kitchen, it would seem, has a sweet tooth and we're all better off (and fatter) because of that.Considering the mood, ambiance and setting, their kitchen fare doesn't have to be great, but it should be better than it is. One strong selling point: Paul, the owner, is the body and soul of this place, and he, more than anything else, is the reason that people come back time and time again. He's friendly and inviting, and having built Vasco into a neighborhood spot, is a Mill Valley stalwart. So, not surprisingly, dining at Vasco is just like eating at your neighbor's house - you really aren't there for the food so much as the company. Would you tell your neighbor that you're not coming over again because the food was just o.k.? Maybe, if you're paying, but Vasco's prices are reasonable.All told, Vasco is a safe and reliable bet - you won't win big, but you'll always walk away happy that you came.
<review# 1758,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2009,6/26/2010,438,66,4,4,5>OM NOM NOM! What a wonderful place to eat at...It would be a great spot for a romantic date or a formal-ish get-together.  I came with some of my close friends and we enjoyed the full, wine, dinner, dessert experience!  We ended up having such a great time, between the ambiance and the amazing food...Petaluma offers a variety of great places to dine...However, this is probably the most balanced and worthwhile stop for Italian food....The offer a variety of different meals and wines...And their desserts are amazing too...If you have room, order one of their dessert wines...Its a great, sweet way to end the night...
<review# 1759,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/5/2010,6/25/2010,70,223,14,9,7>Service is yuck.  Always rude and unaccommodating.Food is great.  Quality, delicious.I always start out there super mad and wondering why I keep coming back, then I get my food and all is forgiven and I come back later to start the process over.Mad. Happy.  Mad.  Happy.
<review# 1760,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2010,6/24/2010,170,264,7,7,8>Thank you, Weezy! We, as in San Rafael, finally have a burger joint that is doing it right; responsible beef consumption, compostable dinnerware, and some of the friendliest (yet sincere!) service I've experience in a long time.Yes, their burgers are tiny, but it's closer to the size we should all be eating. Of course, I usually get three, but hey, I can't help it. They are that good! The fries are also excellent.I must say that I did miss a beer to wash it down, but it is great having Three Twins right across the lot for a tasty milkshake.This is one business who will be expanding come summer. I'm a fan!
<review# 1761,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2013,2/11/2013,259,650,15,20,15>419,832 steps is my estimate for the number of steps I'd need to walk to work off the calories I consumed in eating a glorious, righteous, heap of the best ever north-of-the-border chilaquiles ($8) topped with two over easy eggs, pico de gallo, and two other fresh salsas from the condiment bar.  There might be some double counting, since I also consumed the best warm, salty tortilla chips ($3) along with the chilaquiles.  There are those who would say that eating tortilla chips with chilaquiles is akin to having a Heineken along with your Dos Equis and to them I say  "Yes?  Your point is?"This was a whole heap of deliciousness offered up in a stylish, immaculate space by friendly efficient servers.  I'd award 5 stars for the chilaquiles, chips, and salsas alone except the friend I dined with proclaimed her Tlacoyito  ($6) "bland".  I waved  her back over to the salsa bar to remedy the situation but, unlike me, she still left a couple bites on her plate.  I'm rooting for this place which began life as a stand at San Francisco's Alemany Farmer's Market.  The self-taught owner worked her winning concept through the La Cucina program, then labored to open this brick-and-mortar eatery featuring authentic Mexico City cuisine.  The large menu requires some study as there's choices to be made and things on there you've never before heard of (like the aforementioned Tlacoyito, a handmade blue corn masa cake filled with requesón cheese, topped with cilantro, crema, queso fresco, onions, and your choice of protein). It's nice to see businesses like this filling the newish, reworked "Marin Country Mart".  I'd actually drive across town just to eat those chilaquiles again and that's something I've never before said about anything in the Larkspur Landing area.  Here's to next time.
<review# 1762,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2012,2/10/2013,2,15,,2,1>I'm new to Yoga so I can't get too technical with my review.  But I can say that they have a terrific group of people here, both employees and customers.  I was concerned as to how everything would work and in particular how I would do with the hot room temperature my first few times.  Everyone was very helpful, offered some good advice, and made my first sessions work out much better than I had expected.  And after one of these sessions you sure do feel better and ready to come back for more.  Which I definitely will do!
<review# 1763,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2012,2/9/2013,11,42,1,2,2>Amazing food. My favorite Vietnamese restaurant in the area by far. Portions are great, and so are the prices. I always get either the # 41, 42, or 43 (all Vermicelli). Noodles are perfect, not too thick but not too thin and always cooked just right. The amount of meat/seafood they give you is great, always alot left over. The peanut sauce is good too. Havent tried the Pho here yet, but heard its good. Once again, cant beat the prices. A huge place of Vermicelli is $7 and I always have leftovers. People that work there are nice and its in a small, secluded area so its easy to get to, not too much traffic or too many people in the area.
<review# 1764,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2012,2/8/2013,99,108,,4,3>I hosted an event last week for 75 people and MM's made a fabulous assortment of mini croissants, muffins, an absolutely to die for sour cream coffee cake and a gingerbread coffee cake.  My Weight Watchers points went right out the window that week, and I am still working off the delicious, decadent calories.   Everyone raved about the food, and I couldn't have been happier.  Everything was super fresh and amazing.  Awesome!
<review# 1765,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2012,2/7/2013,22,14,3,7,6>All of the staff members at Body Time are amazing, but Laurel really takes the cake. She's knowledgeable, has a great sense of humor, is very sweet and takes her time when it comes to custom scenting lotions or oils. My skin loves their bath soaks and soaps and the best part is, is that you can choose what your bath products smell like by adding essential oils that appeal to *your* nose rather than something that's pre-packaged, smells like Grandma or is so heavily perfume-stinky that you want to gag. I adore the classic China Rain fragrance, Tuberose or some of their unisex scents like Sagebrush or Madras, which are great additions to their almond massage oils.   I've been shopping at Body Time for 20 years (yep, literally since I was a wee pre-teen) and I always leave happy with whatever I purchase. Plus, supporting a small San Anselmo business feels great. PS: Your check in on Yelp gets you a free glycerin soap of your choice! Yay!
<review# 1766,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2013,2/6/2013,523,411,2,4,3>I came here tonight super achy from not sleeping well. I left feeling much better!I made the appointment earlier in the day easily. The girl at the front desk (Tina) was nice and didn't seem bothered that I was trying to make an appointment same day.When I came in a girl named Ashley was working at the desk. She was very sweet and talked to me about my paperwork. She also offered me hot tea and cookies which was wonderful.Michael was my therapist and he was great. We talked about which spots hurt and where I wanted focus. He made me feel very relaxed and open on if I wanted deeper pressure or not. The massage was great and went by so fast. I wish massages never ended! He focused on tension points and let me know later that I had a lot. After the massage he gave me his hours. If I come again I would book with him since he really knew what he was doing.The prices here are decent. I had a gift card to come here. But normally the first massage is 49 and then after that it is around 60.
<review# 1767,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/17/2012,2/5/2013,93,120,2,4,3>So this is either a staple for some, or a novelty spot for many. I heard beforehand how pricy this place was for "roadside" grub, so it shouldn't have been a surprise to see fish tacos at $7 a piece. I just figured it would be hella good, so I got in line like the rest of the locals & tourists, and waited for the snackies. A little after 15 minutes later, I came to scoop up my garlic fries and the order of fish tacos. They looked pretty standard, (not a huge or tiny portion, but I figured the zing must be in the flavor. They weren't incredibly busy so I wasn't sure why my food was cold.The tacos were okay, forgettable (if I didn't remind myself how much they were), but the salsa tasted fresh. I wish my fries weren't so oily and on the soggy side (and maybe hot?). I think a high volume place like this will have its hit-or-miss-days., so I just must have been on one of those 'miss' days.  So, it wasn't bad, but not close to being great for the price (2 tacos, $12.99 & garlic parsley fries, $3.99).They get an extra star for the ease of driving up and picking up a meal, the friendly service, and for offering beer & wine. I'm not sure that I'd voluntarily stop by here again for myself (although I feel I should at least  give their burgers a try), but am sure this place will always be busy due to where they are, what they serve and the image they seem to portray. As long as you go in thinking that they are a sit-down family restaurant in a prime location, I think you'll be okay in terms of what to expect regarding overall value. It might hit the spot after a day of wine tastings, but if you're sober and not ready for the theme park food & prices, it may be a skip for you.
<review# 1768,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2013,2/4/2013,75,155,2,11,5>This review is specifically for the spray tan services at Pacific Tan.I have had two spray tans, a "test run" before my wedding, and then a spray tan just before my wedding day.  My first spray tan was with Danielle, and my second one was with Rachael.  They are both really great at what they do - on top of that, they are friendly and professional.The salon is beautiful - comfortable and clean.  My spray tans were both exceptional - the color was great, balance was great, no streaks / lines, and they both lasted ~10 days (with use of the extender lotions and a low pH body wash).  The spray tan hardly even rubbed off on my strapless wedding dress.The spray tans are pricey if you don't buy them in a package ($55 each if you pay as you go) - but worth it for the quality you get.  I originally looked into Pacific Tan after purchasing a Living Social deal for a $29 spray tan.  I also purchased a Yelp deal, but was told that I couldn't use both - only one or the other (my personal opinion is that this verbiage should be in the Yelp deal - so just a heads up to any customers who were thinking about purchasing both a Groupon / Living Social deal in addition to the Yelp deal).  Thankfully my sister-in-law was also hoping to get a spray tan, so I passed my Yelp deal along to her - no harm, no foul.I feel that sometimes, when you go into a place having purchased some kind of a "deal," you are treated as a lowly customer - lesser than the general customer base.  This is NOT the case at Pacific Tan.  I was treated with respect and gratitude, deal or no deal.I highly recommend the spray tans, especially from artists Danielle and Rachael.  I will definitely be going back.  And don't forget to tip your spray tan artist!
<review# 1769,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2012,2/3/2013,2595,287,5,9,6>Visited for brunch on a sunday and this place was already packed.Ordered: Deviled eggs, which were very moist and the kimchi was great, tangy, a tad spicy and added a lovely crispness to offset the egg.Pickles Plate- Super interesting platter including a ginger, green beans, beets, radishes?, zucchini and kimchi. The green beans had a garlic aftertaste which I though was yummy, and the ginger was so fresh and clean.Wilted kale salad. So delicious. Not cooked, just barely heated, still had the spongy texture of kale without the Brillo scratchiness some kales can get. Had a tad too much blue cheese for my taste, but the overall taste and texture was really enjoyable.Lox bagel. Amazing whipped cream cheese, super fresh avocados and arugula.Buttermilk pana cotta. Topped with macerated strawberries and mint, this was more of a yogurt texture and taste than pana cotta. If you're looking for the stereotypical pana cotta, this is not it. It's really good, but a little tangy for my tastes.Earl grey pots de creme. AMAZING. I would come back here just for this. Was topped with some ethereal whipped frothy lemon mouse or something. Heavy chocolate, the perfume whiff of the tea scent, and the homey comfort of your entire day's allotment of calories in each bite, magnificent.We had a momentary disconnect with an incredibly over-brewed tea incident, the manager came over an apologized himself, and took it off the bill. It didn't make a difference really for the bill, but the fact that he acknowledged it and made the effort, made me feel really welcome, and cared for.Great atmosphere, really interesting decor. The acoustics are really bad though, not a good place to come for intimate conversations. I was told they're continuing renovations and are going to be installing muffling systems to make the acoustics more friendly. Definitely coming back!
<review# 1770,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2011,2/2/2013,42,17,,2,2>Everyone at Schillinger chiropractic is very sweet and understanding. The receptionists are darling. Mark is knowledgeable and widely educated about various forms of healing. I am very grateful that his office takes my insurance because a lot of people don't. He is truly compassionate and a great healer, I love coming to his office and deeply trust his opinion and suggestions for health. His experience with Indian spirituality and eastern medicine is also a treat.
<review# 1771,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2014,5/17/2014,19,25,3,7,5>Somehow, tiny little Napa has quite a few sushi restaurants in the downtown area. That being said, the only one I go to--or refer my friends to-- is Eiko's. I love that the bar area is somewhat separated from the dining area, but still accessible, and food is served in both sections. The bar is great and the bartenders are quick and responsive, even on Thursday and Friday nights with a DJ playing. I've heard they have recently added live music on Saturdays, but have yet to try that out. The outdoor patio is perfect during mid-spring, summer, and mid-fall, with plush outdoor seating, fire pits, and heating lamps. The dining room has fabulous early evening light through huge windows facing First St.-- great for people watching. I've come here with a group as large as 6 (but seen some in groups up to 10) and service was great. When it's just me and a few friends, we like to sit up at the sushi bar to watch the chefs make everyone's rolls. From the hostesses to the servers and the bartenders to the sushi chefs, everyone is extremely professional but so nice and accommodating. But now to the important stuff: the food. When coming here with friends, I typically start with the edamame, seaweed salad, calamari (that sauce!), crispy tuna pizza, or any combination of thereof. I absolutely MUST have the seared tuna tostadas (they're a special that I am lobbying to get on the menu!). Then, I'll usually order two rolls. I've never had a bad roll here! My favorites are the Alaska Roll Inside-Out, The Hot Mama, The Spicy A's, or the Poki Roll. Sometimes when I'm feeling like "regular" entrees, I'll order the seared scallops along with the roasted beet salad. These are both perfection.I can't recommend this place enough!
<review# 1772,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2014,5/16/2014,56,121,1,14,5>I recently joined the Bay Club and so far i've been loving it! When I first moved to Marin I started working out at the JCC. I don't dislike the JCC, but I didn't love it (feel free to check out my review). I decided to join the Bay Club when a friend of mine gave me a tour. First of all, I really like the cafe area downstairs. It's a nice space to grab a bite to eat and get some work done. When you go upstairs, you first enter the locker room which is nicely updated. This is a bit random, but they have an iron and ironing board in the locker room which is awesome! I tend to workout in the morning and it's great to be able to pull your clothes out of your gym back without worrying about wrinkles! The locker room also has a steam room and sauna which I frequently use. I love that the Bay Club provides complimentary coffee and tea in the mornings. This is perfect when I take an early class and need to wake up! Speaking of classes, they offer a wide variety of them throughout the day. I'm recovering from an injury, so there are still a lot of classes I haven't been able to try. So far i've been enjoying spin and yoga! If you decide to take a spin class on the weekend, I highly recommend registering beforehand. Those classes get full very quickly! Hopefully i'll be able to take some different classes soon and I can let you know how they go.The regular gym is pretty average, but nice. It gets a good amount of light which is important to me. They also have a women's exercise room which is pretty cool. I've been in there a few times and it's a nice escape if you don't want to workout in the larger area.
<review# 1773,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2013,5/15/2014,142,267,1,5,5>So excited that we have this place in Napa!  We made reservations for dinner quite early (7pm).  They do have regular tables in the front of the restaurant with brighter lights, but when we got there, we realized this is really more of a loungy place than a restaurant, so we asked to sit in the darker lounge area by the cool jelly fish tank.  It was definitely a great place to hang out.  We found out that they had happy hour from 7-8pm from Wed to Saturday.  Awesome!  We live in Napa but work in Marin, so we hardly ever can make the happy hours in town.  We had a few yummy cocktails and some bites.  The duck risotto was noteworthy delish (a bit on a salty side, but I generally love salt).  Since it was so dark, we had to use a flashlight app to see what we were eating!  The crowd picked up by 9pm and was pretty full by the time we left. The service was really excellent.  The one thing we would have wanted was to space the dishes better since we felt it came out too fast.  (but this is really a minor minor thing and probably a result of us being there too early)We'll definitely be back.
<review# 1774,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2014,5/14/2014,47,68,,9,6>Over the holidays I was tasked to bring the desert to our family gathering. Knowing I wouldn't have time to hand make anything, I jumped online and ordered three pies through the online ordering system: a 9" Chocolate Cream Pie, 9" Southern Style Pumpkin Pie, and a 9" Gluten Free Lemon Meringue.After dinner, all three pies were demolished! I'm gluten free, and was very impressed with their crust. Some bakery's GF crust is more like card board than something edible so I was pleasantly surprised how similar the taste and texture resembled traditional pie crust. Even the non GF eaters enjoyed the GF pie. My family reported the filling on both the pumpkin pie and Chocolate cream pie were phenomenal, and everyone raved about the light and buttery crust.The pricing is comparable if not cheaper than other bakeries, or grocery store bakeries like Whole Foods. The total cost of all three hand made pies was $66. I would love to see them carry a few gluten free pies in the smaller 5" size. Right now they are only available in 9".Their attention to detail, and quality of the ingredients makes this place a real asset to Petaluma. It's a must try!
<review# 1775,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2014,5/13/2014,51,222,,8,3>I'm thoroughly impressed by Sweet T's. I've been several times now, and I have to say they know how to barbeque,  and they know how to cook many popular Southern dishes.I've tried their brisket, which I thought was fantastic. I've had their BBQ nachos, which while not a traditional Southern classic, I thought they were perfect...One time we went, and we were sitting at the bar, I saw a guy next to me receive an order of gumbo. However I did not see gumbo on the menu. So I asked the waitress, and she told me that yes it was gumbo, and they have it all the time. But its not on the menu. Hmm, well I ordered it, and it was great!!On our most recent trip I was going to order the gumbo again, but our waitress said they had ran out. Good thing I had a second choice in mind...I ordered the shrimp, and grits. Aww man am I glad I did. Let me tell you this shrimp and grits was so damn good!!! The shrimp, and grits was a wonderful display of Southern cooking. The shrimp were the great big succulent gulf shrimp just like the ones I've had in New Orleans. The flavor of the sauce was so good. Clearly they must make the rue with bacon grease for it to taste this good. The seasoning of the sauce was a bit on the spicy side so if you don't like that this probably isn't the right dish for you. Also the dish had okra in it, which is one of my favorite things ever...For desert we ordered the sweet potato pudding which was extremely good! My maw maw was born, and raised in the South. Virgina, and North Carolina to be exact. On top of that I've traveled all through the South including AR, KY, LA, NC, SC, TX, AND VA... So I feel as though I have developed a strong palate for Southern cooking. How it should be prepared, and taste. Clearly Sweet T's has mastered the flavors of the South. They put love into what they do, and that's what Soul food is about. Not just slapping some meat on a grill, and throw some sauce on it, and call it barbeque. Or deep fry something, and call it "Southern cooking". Nope, not here. Sweet T's food is loaded with flavor, and you can taste that they take great pride in what they are doing!!!
<review# 1776,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2013,5/12/2014,248,493,5,11,7>Admittedly, indulgently, excitedly and fattily; we ordered most of the menu. This is what occurs when you go dining with Chefs. And look who's not complaining. At ALL.It starts with impeccable service. Down to the correct Colorado napkin for you outfit (wouldn't want that white nap on your black skirt -gasp!) and it absolutely doesn't stop there. From recommendations to getting you everything you could want, the service here is really unmatched and the most remarkable part; it is without pretended, no attitude and very friendly without being saccharine.Their menu changes with the seasons - like most respectable restaurants these days, but with each fantastic, inspired bite, I was more sure that this wasn't an accident - this was thoughtful, excellent food.Highlights were the pumpkin risotto, served in a tiny sugar pumpkin which was maple roasted itself, meaning you could eat that delicious risotto AND it's vessel. Delectable. the calamari with fennel and onions is different than you are used to and a welcome change. Served with remoulade, it's a pairing you will be happy you indulged in. The wilted brussels sprouts were light and tasty and the Macaroni and cheese - well, it is tough to go wrong with Macaroni and cheese, but this one does not disappoint! There's bacon. Point made.Dessert - persimmon cake with candied pumpkin seeds and pistachio sabayon - well this is just a bunch of stuff that seemingly does NOT go - but it DOES. This is the dessert for winter. The warm fudge cake would make anyone happy, that is your crowd pleaser dessert. Just cozy gooey and lovely and the ice cream sandwich makes you feel like a kid - a playful delight!It's hard to find a spot that casual enough to just go for a drink, watch the game and elegant enough to feel special. That's what you will find here; it's everything you want it to be!
<review# 1777,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2014,5/11/2014,22,136,,5,4>We were here for an event, but arrived early so we decided to get a couple drinks while we waited. We walked into the cafe and were immediately greeted by one of the friendliest and upbeat people I've ever met. He was amazing,  and found us a nice seat near the bar for happy hour.  Our waiter, Mike I believe,  then comes and introduces himself and goes over the menu, etc.  He was really personable and a pleasure to chat with. I ordered a Margarita which was like tequila over ice (good if you like them strong). Very small glasses and lots of ice, so that went quickly. Next I ordered the Sweet and Spicy which was so good! Habanero tequila with ginger and lemon, yum! Would go again just for that, and it's $6 during happy hour. We will be back...
<review# 1778,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2013,5/10/2014,139,364,2,5,4>Wife and I stopped in for a quick bite to share. We had the arugula salad with proscuitto and a sherry vinaigrette, the halibut special and the mini pot de creme with a glass of port. The dessert with port was only $6!!!!! This place rocks, the service was awesome, I love the small intimate feel of the restaurant, the food came out so quickly and everything was so good. Not 1 complaintWe will be back for sure!
<review# 1779,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2013,5/9/2014,155,397,1,7,4>I LOVE THIS PLACE! Who knew a spice shop is what downtown needed? Pat an Sheri, that's who. The ladies who own and operate this shop are sweet as pie and dialled in to what our town was missing-some spice!! There are so many delicious ideas and spices to choose from. The shop offers recipes for some of the spices, classes for hands on and cooking demonstrations, and of course fresh, delicious spices. Some of my personal favourites are the Lake Barkley Fried Chicken seasoning, Peruvian Chili Lime Seasoning, Truffle Salt, and Tiny Town Turkey Rub. Don't be fooled though, there are spices in here for EVERYTHING. If you are baker the wall to the left is your spot with a beautiful selection of cinnamon, sugars, and vanilla. I love that there is a range to choose from for a budget conscience shopper to the big spender. There are salt sections, BBQ, herb spices, curries, and more. My most recent discovery is the Nashville fried chicken seasoning. It's smokey, spicy like no other and delicious. What I love the most is the spices are versatile. I use them on everything not just the obvious usage. This shop is amazing and definitely a go to when browsing down town.
<review# 1780,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2014,5/8/2014,246,160,3,5,4>This is a good place to go if you want to try a wide variety of varietals and vineyards.From what I hear they do BBQed food every now and again, so I will have to return for that - we had just missed it when we arrived!Very friendly staff (although it's hard to come across an unfriendly wine staff!), and we even had a staff member who stuck around with us to chat not only about the wines but the area as well. For us newbies to the area this was very helpful and appreciated.Definitely going to have to return here (on a BBQ day!)
<review# 1781,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2009,10/16/2009,265,769,7,12,8>Heaven on the side of the highway. The BF and I came in here last Saturday when we were crusin thru wine country and our consensus is YUM, YUM, and YUM.1) Country Meat Platter $10.  What a feast, when we ordered the platter, we didn't expect it to be nearly as robust and as filling as it was, there was a TON of meat on this plate.  The pickled bing cherries made my heart sing (and you can buy them there too for only $11 a jar!)  All the meats were amazing, and top quality, the grapefruit complimented the salty/sweet aspect and the jack cheese delish.  I wasn't super fond of the pickled raisins, but I don't really like raisns, everything else was delish .2) Nashville Hot Chicken $10.25 - the chicken was moist on the inside, and crispy on the outside, and oh so tasty.  The Yellow Eye'd beans with ham hocks - delish, and the braised turnip greas hit a special softspot I have for southern food.  Sooo good - we fought over of the chicken skin! 3) Lemon Verbena Ice Tea was incredible, refreshing and slightly tart - made for a great palate cleanser with the fatty meats and fried chicken.4) The Strawberry Milkshake was a huge generous portion for the $4.  I (like raisins) don't really like milkshakes, but the BF loved it, and since it was really warm out, it went so well with the setting and all the delish food.  everything was incredible.  and here is the kicker - BREAKFAST - bisquits and gravey, OMG I cannot wait to have a morning where I can go meet my BF and try this out.  ... and drumrolll....... hand dripped coffee - and it's TAYLOR MADE.Staff was wonderful, fun and friendly and Ruby and Angus (dogs) were quite the characters of awesome dogginess that makes the place feel like home. ohhhhhh and AND AND AND... you can buy homemade jams $5 gets you the rhubarb with sage and ginger - I brought a jar of this home and put it on some pork shoulder - WOWIE Oh WOW oh WOWIE - it just exploded with flavor.Check this place out, and when this place becomes so busy you can't get a table, don't say I didn't warn you.  Come early, Come often.
<review# 1782,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2009,10/15/2009,67,79,8,10,11>There must have been 200 runners all going in the same direction.  I stepped aside to look down the trail but I never saw what was chasing them.  So, then, I took the occasion of this disruption of my walk to step in the "front door" of the Half Day Café.  The front door is actually the service entrance for take-out. The restaurant's real front door, for sit-down eaters, is in the back.  They enter from the parking lot - so you can walk a few steps directly after parking your BMW there. I don't go in the back front door very often any more.   I go in the front front door for take-out.  The Half Day Café is located roughly at the mid-point of the trail between Larkspur and Ross.  So I am often tempted to take a break from the trail to get some crumb-cake coffee-cake at the front front counter and then just eat it shamelessly as I continue walking down the trail.  Actually I am not completely shameless:  I secretly resolve not to stop off the trail for take-out crumb-cake ever again.My resolution is good for the day.
<review# 1783,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2009,10/9/2009,34,99,6,11,8>I can't believe there was such a foodie-find in Novato of all places!  Prices here are comparable to Izzy's, but the style is a little classier (I always think of Izzy's as a neighborhood steakhouse).5 stars for atmosphere - very rustic, and it's done completely and well - cowhide booth tables, raw wood, leather placemats - love the decor!Pickles and fresh bread were yum :)  I always love bread fresh from the oven, and the homemade pickles are a really nice change from normal pre-meal munchies :)  They're crispy, salty and pack a bit of heat.  yum!I wasn't too crazy about the apps - we got calamari and the duck fat fries.  Calamari could've been improved if it was a little more meaty or less dough-y.  It was crispy, just an overload of batter for me.  The duck fat fries were good...  But I didn't really think they were anything special.  I would say it'd go really well with steak or a hamburger, but so would nornal fries...I got the petite hangar steak - it was a large portion, and really yummy!  You don't need the quad of sauces that they give you, but it makes the meal more fun to challenge your taste buds a bit.  Without the sauces, the meat was really well seasoned and really juicy.  With the sauces, it just added another dimension and makes the meal more interactive.  My favorites were the bernaise and the green chimmichuri sauces.For dessert - got the butterscoth pudding.  It was really really good, but pretty dense - definitely enough for 3 people to share.  Boca could definitely get away with reducing the portion size.
<review# 1784,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2009,10/8/2009,1398,327,11,14,12>Yep ! Am a fan ! It's barely 5 minutes away from work (or home) and my favorites are the spicy shrimp fajitas ('camarones diablo') and the chicken fajitas. They have never failed to satisfy me as I wash it down with a bottle of Mexican Coke (as in Coca Cola). Since I'm not a huge fan of burritos, I haven't had one from here and hence can't comment on it.I love the salsa bar --- the pico de gallo is really fresh as are the red and green salsa which goes really well with what I believe to be house-made tortilla chips. Tip: Forgo those teeny salsa "shot" containers and instead use the bowls to serve your salsa in --- it's much easier to scoop with the chips, and of course easily can take much more salsa than a tiny shot.Most of the entrees are below $10. Definitely recommended !
<review# 1785,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2009,10/7/2009,35,76,7,11,10>While Calistoga Spa isn't the ritziest hotel or spa in the area, it gets extra props from me for what they don't have rather than what they do. Things not at Calistoga Spa: 1) obnoxious bachelorettes 2) bell hops3) a "spa" cuisine menu4) an elevator5) rules prohibiting alcohol at the poolsThis place is low key and isn't trying to live up to the Wine Country hype. The rooms aren't top notch but they're comfortable and well worth the reasonable price. I spent the weekend here with my Italian boyfriend's large family and we literally only left once during our stay.  We got up, put on our suits, stocked a small cooler with beers, cocktails, and Cowgirl Creamery cheese, and spent like 12 hours a day at their three pools. We'd leave the pool to prepare dinner. Rooms have a small kitchenette stocked with pots and plates and all. Some rooms have BBQ access. And then back to the pool and hot tub. About the pools, they have two at two different temps and one of the biggest, hottest hot tubs ever. Good part, it was never too crowded with several pools to pick from. But if you've got kids, keep in mind that they actually enforce rules like no running, splashing, diving. I actually saw the Pool Nazi take away a kid's squirt gun.There's a snack bar near the pool with mostly sodas and ice creams. Food and drinks aren't prohibited at the pool, but glass is. There's a grocery store directly across the street if you need other supplies. And the spa is set off Washington but very, very walkable to down town. We're going to be going back to Calistoga Spa -- in fact, we've already booked rooms for next summer. I'd recommend this place for budget-conscious families that don't want to eat out every night but not for a romantic getaway. This place is all about the pools not ambiance.
<review# 1786,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2009,10/6/2009,148,101,27,26,25>Top 10 Things I Learned at Bouchon10. Yountville may as well be called Kellerville. The name is whispered in conversation with such reverence, you'd sooner see someone elbowing Angelina Jolie in the ribs than miss an opportunity to lay eyes on "the man."9.  Bistro is to Paris as Bouchon is to Lyon. Parisian bistro food is typically slow-cooked (braised), whereas Lyonnaise cuisine revolves around cured and forcemeat processes. Lyon (and not Paris) has the reputation as the French capital of gastronomy...at least, that's what the sommelier told me. (I think he looked it up on Wikipedia after I asked him why the restaurant was called "cork" in French.)8. It's true, the STEAK FRITES dish is gastrorgasmic. One of the best steaks I've ever tasted, this flatiron had a dob of maitre d'hotel butter, which blended flavors of parsley, white pepper, and shallots with the steak's juices. All of this was mopped up with an over abundance of the most gorgeously prepared frites ever to touch my lips. It is impossible to eat this dish without making an O-face. 7.  Hosts and servers that live to host and serve act like they are permanently between jobs. This generally leads to contentedness or kvetching, depending on the personality. We counted ourselves very lucky to have landed Chad as our server.6. The ROASTED LAMB (with potatoes boulangère and braised Swiss chard) and the POITRINE de PORC (crispy pork belly on a bed of confit made with corn, arugula, and red onion) both caused significant toe-curling. Appetizers like the signature SALMON RILLETTES and the PATE were also to be worshiped, eliciting countless moans from the group.5. Keller's lifelong dream is to open a burger restaurant. I've never met him, but to me this means that he's the kind of guy I'd like to share a beer with some day.4. The ideal number of people to have at a dinner table is 4. This guarantees laying claim to a sizable piece of turf in an otherwise crowded restaurant. Four people also insures that a minimum of eight different dishes can be shared and experienced by all. If two people should somehow order the same dish, the egregious mistake can be remedied by ordering a shared plate for the table. If this should occur more than once, then the ordering process should be taken over by a solitary individual. (I'm not difficult to eat with...really...)3. Oxtail has never been high up on my list of favorites, but that's probably because I've never had it prepared sous-vide and served with seared monk fish cheeks, trumpet mushrooms, pickled shallots, endive and a lobster bordelaise. This may well rank as one of the top 10 dishes I've ever had in my life. I cried a little on the inside, and the thought of it still gives me chills.2. Desserts that live up to their descriptions are rare, so when nothing on a dessert list instills excitement, chances are they won't taste exciting either. We had PROFITEROLES and BOUCHONS (brownies shaped like corks...funny, that). They were both simple, good, and what one might expect, but not off the charts.1. Few chefs deserve the recognition that Keller gets, but if there were a chef alive that could be said to have the Midas touch for restaurants, it's him. You're not likely to find him in the kitchen these days, but damn if he doesn't know how to whip a restaurant into shape and create an amazing menu. Personally, I think there have been some changes to Bouchon over the past 12 months, and I suspect it's because Per Se is now firing on all cylinders, so Keller's been able to focus his attention on some of his other under-appreciated children. Without question, Bouchon lives up to its reputation as a Keller."Oxtail." (shudder)
<review# 1787,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2009,10/5/2009,415,316,6,10,11>I went for breakfast early this morning with my mother and sister.... non of us had been there before. The food and service was great!!! I had my traditional omelet with bacon and cheddar cheese, hash browns, and English muffin. The omelet was loaded and was only able to eat 1/2. My dog who I am a food slave to anyways... got the rest when I arrived home... he gave it two paws up too. I also like hash browns that are shredded potatoes... its hard to find those anymore and they did them just perfect crispy on the outside and a little soft on the inside. If you don't want potatoes (I personally suggest you start taking Prozac cause you must be depressed or something) they do offer sliced, very fresh tomatoes that have been baked with cheese on top.... Yum.... they looked really good, my sister had those. Our waitress was spot on with service, keeping our coffee and water glass full.... I know business has been tuff for them because of all the construction that was being done in the area... Tomorrow in case you don't already know there is going to be a street fair at the West end of 4h street and they have a lot of fun things planned for families, kids, and adults too.... so maybe tomorrow would be a good time to check them out.They have a pretty extensive menu.
<review# 1788,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2009,10/4/2009,170,264,5,10,10>Wow. I tried something new & I'm so happy I did!I'm a girl who despises change, but a friend recommended an aesthetician & "Darcie" had an opening & I found myself checking out Purevana.This is not a large spa, but I felt just like Goldilocks when I entered. This place is just right: Three rooms which looked & felt immaculate & all of my favorite products (Eminence Organics!), comfy & stylish furniture & happy staff. The music playing lightly in the background & mood lighting were perfect & I was instantly at ease & felt as though I'd been going here forever.Darcie was super nice & it's obvious from her gorgeous face that she knows her stuff. The product she used for my facial was pumpkin based & luckily I wasn't too hungry or I would have found myself licking it when she briefly left the room. I seriously could have eaten it. Not only did everything smell fantastic & feel very fresh & light, I nearly found myself snoring I was so relaxed. & my brows, lip, lashes & skin really look wonderful after she gave me the works.Even if you've seen someone for years, like I have, I highly recommend breaking out of your box & trying Purevana.
<review# 1789,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2009,10/3/2009,438,66,6,14,11>This is a fun stop if you're spending the evening in Petaluma!  I love coming here with friends to enjoy the more relaxing nightlife...The location of the wine bar is pretty great too...Its right next to a fun candy store, movie theater...and not too far from that are some of the night clubs/lounges that Petaluma has to offer.  This wine bar also features some fun events on their website...Of course, the wines they offer are pretty great and the staff is extremely knowledgeable! If you've got somebody to impress, make your way down to La Dolce!
<review# 1790,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/9/2008,10/2/2009,45,118,9,11,9>I am no drinker; bars are strictly for people watching.  I love this place.  I'd be as happy to bring my parents as I am to bring my friends or husband or my awesome brother.  There are a million things to look at, strangers treat you like a neighbor, Helga is the perfect bartender, and the juke box has something for everyone.  The drinks aren't overpriced and don't include fruit garnishes.  They have good old PBR and some familiar brand of Pale Ale or IPA on tap (I obviously go for the Pabst).  You can buy your favorite liquor by the bottle to take home, which is neat.There are no creeps.  There is no karaoke.  People wear normal clothes.   Best bar ever.
<review# 1791,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2010,7/7/2011,307,201,8,8,8>2 months and a half since we moved to Novato, and we are slowly figuring out this town.  First off, it is a town of shopping plazas, chain retail stores, and endless cookie cutter homes, with a giant freeway running through it.  And yet, every occasionally, I must admit, there are random things that are kind of nice.  Well, I actually think this place is one of those things.  Being in the "BURBS" (shocker), and looking at the kind of town this is, I assumed that they have got to have Panda Express somewhere for when we are missing too many ingredients to cook from our fridge and we need cheap Asian food.  Then I discovered that there is no Panda Express in Novato!!! I was like, WTF?!?! Then where does this Asian chick go get her under $7 Asian dinner?? So I tried trusty Yelp as always and found this place.  Today was our first time here, and I must say, I just might like it better than Panda (and those of you who know me know that I actually really like Panda Express food).  At the very least, they satisfy the spot Panda used to fill in Sausalito, SF, and LA.  Here's the run down:1) It is a small joint, no frills, with only a few seating available if you choose to eat there.  Like many have posted here, it is much more catered to take out, delivery and, well, catering.2) Just like panda, they offer meals that involve a choice of chow mein, fried rice or steamed rice and 1 or 2 entrees.  But they offer more variety than Panda.  Hello, BBQ pork buns and wor wonton soup??? Noice.3) I really like the people working here.  They are definitely not random kids hired to dish up food they don't really care about.  They greet you, even the guy that was in the kitchen, and they explain what's on the special, tell you if you want anything that's not already made, they will make it fresh, offer suggestions when they see that you are indecisive, explain that they do delivery too and suggest we take a menu... You can tell they like what they do, and their enthusiasm alone makes you feel like they really appreciate your business.4) I had steamed rice, orange chicken and eggplant tofu, and hubby had fried rice, orange chicken and Shechuan chicken.  Plus 2 charsiu bao.  The pork buns were good, although I wish they had more filling relative to the amount of dough.  We made our own dipping sauce of soy sauce/shredded ginger because the dough was a little much to eat without moisture/flavor.  Orange chicken was crispy and sweet.  Not as citrusy as Panda's, but flavoring seemed more Chinese than Panda's too.  I like them both.  Eggplant tofu is also my staple choice at Panda... Panda's seems lighter on the flavoring, while this one is more garlicy soysaucy : P  Again, more Chinese IMO... I had a piece of husband's Shechuan chicken too.. slightly spicier than orange chicken and less sweet.  pretty good too! I think this may be a place we would use pretty frequently.  It is a good, everyday Chinese food when you don't want to spend 30-40 bucks for a dinner for two.  Decent food almost as cheap as cooking at home, without laboring over a stove and cleaning up afterwards?  Pretty sweet!!The only thing I didn't like too much about, (and this is not unique to this place only, there are still many Asian places that do this) is that they still use styrofoam boxes for their boxed meals.  I know they need to keep their costs down... but if Panda Express at ghetto Fillmore in SF switched to clear plastic boxes, it's really time they consider this too.  In fact, many coffee shops accept bring-your-own-mug these days, how about we bring over our own tupperware or plates?  I don't expect a discount, but I would like a choice to have less impact to the environment.  What do you say, China Express, might you consider??
<review# 1792,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2010,7/6/2011,81,202,8,9,8>On a random, foggy Monday night in Mill Valley in July...this place is not exactly obvious to find.  Knowing Mill Valley pretty well my entire life, I already knew that...so I set aside an extra 15 minutes to park and find this place I had been hearing so much about.They are lucky that people like me are hearing about it, because even when I was practically in front of it...I didn't know it was there.  Mill Valley Beerworks sits about a block "off the action" from the downtown square in a small, cozy spot that I believe used to be a frame shop (or something about as less memorable).  It was pretty crowded for a Monday night.  There are a series of wooden tables and stools around the place to hang out and try out their large selection of beers...but all ordering has to take place at the bar.  A couple of the beers that we wanted to try were not available, which didn't shock me because I felt like they were trying to be overly ambitious with their selection given the small space they are working with.  The crowd hanging out was happy, social and very conversational.  Some women in their late 30's/early 40's "accidentally" knocking into us several times while we were trying to have a "catch up on life" conversation...funny, but wasn't my cup of tea for that night.  Maybe another time?The food selection looked sparce.  Maybe about 4 items?  A cheese plate and a sandwich, perhaps?  The most confusing thing about the place was the big chalk-menu board behind the bar.  It was a bit ugly and made absolutely no sense at all.  I wanted to help them with that, as it is oddly a specialty of mine that I do for another brewery in Marin.  Anyway, their paper menu selection of beers was helpful enough.  All in all, I will be back.  I had a good time and thought the place was relaxing and enjoyable.  I am curious to see how this place develops in the months and years to come!
<review# 1793,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2011,7/5/2011,90,177,,8,3>Deee-lish! Awesome topping options AND flavors; tart, aci-tart, banana, red-velvet, vanilla, chocolate, peanut butter, oatmeal raisin cookie! Uh... Chyeah! Perfect location, fun vibe and friendly service/owners. A fresh, sweet, light, new vibe that's way over due :)
<review# 1794,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2011,7/4/2011,99,207,,2,3>I'm sorry, but what's with all of the cranky people who come to this studio? My first day I ran into a few cranky people who just happen to walk in and out of the class... what in the world?! I guess they didn't get the memo that they were suppose to stay in the class... possibly why they were so cranky, can't stand the heat then get out of the studio :)Other then that, this place is always packed so come early. The new floor is really niiiiiiiice. The first teacher I had was awesome. Really motivating and really into it. The second teacher I had wasn't very nice... oh well. My third class, the teacher was amazing! Loved her, I believe her name is Faye. So awesome! I'm going back just because of her.All-in-all, it's a cool studio, nice floors, very crowded so get there early!
<review# 1795,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/26/2011,7/3/2011,86,345,3,3,3>Tasty, clean and quick! This is an awesome and affordable lunch spot if you're in downtown St. Helena. The flautas are sooooooo good!
<review# 1796,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2011,7/2/2011,362,1009,2,2,2>When I was a child I loved Italian food. But for whatever reason, in recent years, it hasn't appealed to me. It's not that I don't love it. It's just that I never crave it. It's only when I happen to be eating it that I remember how much I love it.So when a friend suggested we go here for my birthday, I was not entirely sold on the idea. But I did see a few things on the menu that caught my attention, so I figured I'd just have to live a little.We arrived just after 5 p.m., which is when Sugo opens for the evening. Seeing as we were the first or second people to arrive, we were seated right away, and got to choose to sit wherever we liked. A nice little two top in the corner was perfect.For a starter, we decided on the bruschetta trio, which everyone RAVES about, and it's deserved. And seeing as it was a Tuesday evening, it was $5 instead of $7. We got the olive tapenade and goat cheese, warm artichoke and walnut pesto and apple brie and almonds. All three were AMAZING. I mean, bruschetta is bruschetta, but this was beyond. For our entrees, we decided to get two and share them. First was the ravioli of the day, which happened to be artichoke. Soo soooooo good. Second was the butternut squash risotto, which is maybe the best thing on the menu (in my mind) but obviously very very rich, so sharing it was perfect. Both of us had our share of both and there were leftovers (and if you think the food here is good, just try heating it up the next day...even better). At the end of the evening, we declined dessert, but they still brought me "birthday biscotti" in a box to-go, which was a super sweet touch.My only complaint about this place is service. It's not bad by any means. In fact our server was sweet and efficient. However, it was a tad too slow.That aside, I am stoked on this place.
<review# 1797,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/4/2011,7/1/2011,265,769,4,15,3>I'm bracing myself for getting a comment from the owner for updating my review, and him telling me something about how his food is the best... and how "insert D class celebrity or food reviewer here" said so.  With that, I will get into my second visit to Torch of India.  Brought the BF so he could try the buffet.  The place was busy, and also saw a fellow yelper checking the place out.BF liked the variety, and the fact that he got to try several different dishes all at once, although he said that nothing was truely outstanding or remarkable, that he felt he had to come back here right away and have that dish again. The Cream of Wheat was awesome again.  The one dish, I'm drawing a blank on the name, It's the chicken dish with the bones, was very good, although the chicken was mostly bone.   Since it's buffet, it was fine, because we could go back and get more, but had that been an individual serving, I would have been disappointed.Service was a little odd.   At first when they were really busy, our service was great!  as Lunch slowed down, getting a refill on our water never happened, and then after asking for our bill and waiting.. and waiting... we finally walked up and got it from the lady standing by the register.I like the buffet, and it's a good way to introduce people (for a reasonable price) to Indian food.
<review# 1798,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/15/2010,6/30/2011,87,152,5,7,7>Years later, I revise my admiration of their Ahi dishes.   Their Ahi salad is overfilled with slices of marinated ginger and an abundance of raw onion that overpowers the salad.  If you stick with the steak and vegetables, or pork sliders, and a beer or two, you'll do just fine.A special note about the chairs in the bar.  I know they focus on the beach theme, but those chairs are way, way uncomfortable.   We are not at the beach.  Sit in a booth in the main restaurant.  Perhaps I am just too old, thank you.
<review# 1799,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2010,6/29/2011,415,316,3,4,3>Time to upgrade my last review and give credit where credit is due... I had dinner there last night and was very impressed with the food... Oysters Bingo...I think I came????? Great drinks.... wonderful service... fantastic selection of entrees... There were four of us and we have reserved the table in the bar area. Our waitress was very attentive and it was pretty busy considering the Giants were playing in the playoffs.. We enjoyed a delightful night with no rush or fuse. After two orders of Oysters Bingo our entrees ranged from Pulled Pork Sand, Ribs, Brisket, and Clams.... I am glad I tried them again otherwise I would of missed out on something special in Marin.
<review# 1800,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2011,6/28/2011,259,650,12,12,13>Well, here's a new twist on things:Take one perfectly executed order of Black Pepper Bucatini ala Carbonara ($16)Mistake the small, coarse salt container for planed Parmigiano- Reggiano. Delicately sprinkle two generous teaspoons coarse salt atop carbonara.Bite into carbonara and think "Wow!  That's some salty cheese!"You've done that too??  I was trying to choke down my carbonara, which now tasted of nothing but salt, when our waiter stopped by to ask how we liked our pastas and NJ reported that "we" had a little "boo boo".  Our gracious waiter grabbed that plate before I could protest and said he'd have the kitchen whip me up a new one.  Gratis.  Waiter, I love you!  Bottega, I love you! Bottega is a beautiful, classy place that I'd like to go to for every future celebration in life.  Stepping foot in the front door I instantly became part of the vibrant, sparkly atmosphere that - despite closing out lunchtime service - barely let up the whole time we were there.  Twelve-person tables full of young, happy drunks sitting on each others laps and talking way too loudly... the girl beside us who penned "I love you" upside down on the paper table cover to make it readable to her boyfriend... Michael Chiarello strolling by to say hi...... tourists arriving with fistfuls of wine to be uncorked with lunch.... hammered copper water glasses beading up with ice cold agua ...  just a perfect experience.NJ and I began with the complimentary bread served fresh with a ramekin of parmesan-laden olive oil.  From there, we shared two wonderful appetizers: *Shaved artichoke salad two ways ($13) *Green egg and ham ($15)NJ went on to order:*Black garlic Bigoli, crispy Chesapeake Bay soft shell crab, cherry tomatoes, green onions, bonito flakes ($25)... while I had the aforementioned Carbonara (with soft-cooked local hen egg, parmigiano crema, shaved asparagus and guanciale).We closed out our meal with the mini-fryer full of bite-sized donuts accompanied by lemon curd and raspberry jelly.  I could go into more detailed descriptions of everything we tried and come up with a million other adjectives for "delicious", but the net result would be the same:  I'd recommend you make a day of it, sample as many menu items as your stomach and wallet will allow, and beware of the little jar of salt on your tabletop.  Follow these instructions to the letter and you'd be hard pressed to have anything but a perfect meal.
<review# 1801,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2012,12/21/2012,11,28,,3,1>We enjoyed the mango chicken and jasmine blossom; the dishes complimented each other nicely. Recommend adding the hot rooster sauce to the m.chicken and oyster sauce to the j.blossom (eggs w/ pea pods, bean sprouts and bbq pork, prawns, chicken). Fresh ingredients, best Chinese in Sonoma ;-)
<review# 1802,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2012,12/20/2012,9,44,,1,1>This is my favorite place to get Mexican food in Napa. I have never had a plate that I did not love. Currently my favorite is the carne asada plate which is a new york steak with a lot of other food. I can eat A LOT and I can barely finish it on a good day. The average couple could easily share it. The chile verde wet burrito is also a good choice, especially for those that have smaller appetites. My other favorites are chicken fajitas, camarones a la diabla, and chimichangas. For an appetizer I recommend the bean dip. You can't go wrong here.
<review# 1803,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2012,12/19/2012,42,17,,2,1>I could spend all day in this store! It is a hidden gem and I wish more people knew about it. I love their herbs, medicines, teas, and food. Their staff is friendly and knowledgeable as well.
<review# 1804,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2012,12/18/2012,168,107,,1,1>I love you guys. Love. Love. Love! Thank you to whomever recommended the "Dirty Chai", I'm hooked! If you get wi-fi, I'll give you six stars. Deal??
<review# 1805,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2012,12/17/2012,21,97,1,4,2>My friends and I stumbled upon this place on a rainy Thursday night. It's not that noticeable while you're just walking by, but it's so worth it. I love the dark lighting in there, exposed brick wall, and the long tables that look like refurbished school benches. Classy! It was the perfect cozy hang out spot on a rainy night. The first thing I noticed about the menu was the thoughtful craft brew selection, but my friends and I decided to share a bottle after being poured extremely generous tastings from the awesome host. The wines were all non-Californian and reasonably priced! Live music on Sundays and movies on Mondays. I will definitely be back!
<review# 1806,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2011,12/16/2012,0,14,,1,1>I went to Starks yesterday with a friend for Happy hour - on a Saturday, good already. The bar area is nicely set up, especially for a large turn out for HH - we definitely weren't he only ones with the idea to go. We had a good time, started with two strong $2 Martinis and ordered as we needed. The Tuna Tartar Tacos were great, and only $1.50 each (I had five - that good). We also had truffle and yam fries which were good too, and the potato fondue (apparently a potato-y day for us). The cheese for the fondue tasted like it came from a powder, which was really too bad, as the potato bits were tasty and well seasoned.  She also had oysters and shrimp, which I believed she enjoyed. Good service, classy place. I'm excited to go back.
<review# 1807,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2012,12/15/2012,4,25,2,11,8>Stopped in to give myself the rite of passage every man should have undertaken by their 36th Birthday, the Straight Razor Shave.One day prior to my 36th, ended up being Thursday, August 16th, and I walked in at 3:00pm to see one man getting in the chair and another waiting.Upon entry, I was greeted and asked to sign up on the list he has on his wall, then just sat back and enjoyed the nice ambiance of his establishment, as he spoke to his clients, he had Sirius XM 50's on 5 on and it was helping to remind me of my GrandFather & Father taking me to the Barber as a boy and it sure was nice.I had to take notice of the nice artwork up on the walls and in particular, Alex Grey and as he was working I couldn't help but notice this Owner does not take shortcuts and was giving his client's Hair every bit of attention.  He was talking about a groupon that he bought for he and his Wife to enjoy riding Segways and I joked with his client and him about the Owner of the Segway Corp. (Jimi Heselden) dying from falling off a cliff on a Segway and recommended he not try to get "too much air" lol!At 3:54, he completed the 2nd guest ahead of me and it was my time, I thought he made both clients look twice as better as they did walking in and he was still finished 6 minutes early as he asks for 30 mins. per cut!As I approached the chair, I told him I noticed the Alex Grey art and asked if he was a fellow Tool fan, to which he replied by pulling out his iPhone and changing the Sirius Radio to the best progressive metal group of all-time and he shaved me to the sounds of Lateralus.  He did three hot towel wraps on my face, buzzed the long hair and three warm cream treatments and a straight razor later, I stood a extraordinarily relaxed and comfortable soul.  20 minutes of pure relaxation!!Being that he closed at 5pm, another client walked in and signed up and was quickly followed by a friend who wanted a cut also, but time permitted for only one of them to be taken care of, and he agreed to stay and make sure both got done right and Eric had earned my business and trust immediately with how he represented himself and his business on this day, and thanks to the great Yelper's that had left reviews as I used Yelp.com to pick my location and I was very well rewarded for it.  I'm actually trying to grow my hair back faster to go again!!!GREAT JOB REPRESENTING SANTA ROSA, Eric Gardea, and I am a customer of yours now!!
<review# 1808,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2010,12/14/2012,139,364,,2,1>Ok ok ok, now I like Jacksons..... A LOT! Menu has be revamped and dishes have certainly been perfected since my first few visits. The main reason I go here is the Cottontail, its the most fire cocktail I have ever enjoyed, its like a salad in a cup. The food is not a 10 but the drinks are so you won me over. Went here a few months back with about 12 people for my cousins birthday. They hooked us up in my mind since they dont take reservations and they certainly took this one. They catered to practically our every need and the food was nothing to complain about which is sometimes a problem with large parties. Serivce was delightful as far as I'm concerened.
<review# 1809,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2007,12/13/2012,46,73,,3,1>The sports bar of choice in Santa Rosa when you want to watch the game with friends or fellow fans, drink beer,and have a hamburger, fries or a hotdog to go with it. Listen closely through the frequent roar of the cheers & jeers for your name when the food is ready. Sit inside or outside, but get there early or stay there long to grab a stool. Good people. Lots of TV's everywhere. Cool thing is the walls leading to the bathrooms filled with photos of the regular patrons.
<review# 1810,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2012,12/12/2012,134,93,,4,2>All the time amazing! The even remembered my birthday and celebrate with me! Fun, fun times!
<review# 1811,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2009,3/20/2009,47,351,4,5,5>Run Run Run Run Run Run Run--You wake up in the fog encased city, stretch, yawn, anticipate Blackies Pasture...You get in your car and drive up 101 and turn in to the parking lot (bonus points because their is an actual parking lot).The air is fresh, the people are friendly, and the running is good! I start my run on the path by the water and head in to Tiburon, then loop around and come back. On my "loop" I always see bike riders, other runners, people doing Yoga on the side, its a very friendly trail.
<review# 1812,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/7/2009,3/19/2009,901,807,5,5,5>Stopped by here for a quick bite to eat, since DL and I had a lot of errands to run. We saw the sign off of Trancas and since I had been to the one in San Francisco. For you Napa visitors, this is not a place to go out of your way to try. It's a good place for locals, or if you're there for an extended period of time on business (like I was), and you're looking for a good, fast lunch spot that isn't fast food. I ordered the tortellini with red sauce, which wasn't as good as I thought it would be. It was good, but I think the pasta was pre-cooked and probably just heated up, and it wasn't as hot as I would've liked it to be, but the sauce and flavor was good. I also had a bowl of their chicken vegetable soup and that was definitely yummy. They have pizzas, different pastas and wine on the menu. It's not an expensive meal, but expect to spend around $10 for an entree. You order your food, pay for it, and they bring it to you.DL had the caesar with grilled salmon and the fish was grilled to perfection with just the right amount of salt and pepper seasoning. The service was great and the guy who helped clear the table for us even asked if we wanted our drinks to go. He got us fresh soda and iced tea in plastic cups. Great stop, it's a little ways in the back of the plaza, so you'll have to weave your way through. We saw a lot of business people and locals in there during the lunch hour.
<review# 1813,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2009,3/18/2009,116,234,6,6,6>I worked with Tina on my big Ladies First event for STAR 101.3 FM and she and the cupcakes were GREAT! She is super nice, easy to work with and the cupcakes are amazing!I fell in love with the lemon ones!We had them served by cute men in tuxs on platters to all the women while Nick Lachey sang....does it get any better then that??
<review# 1814,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2008,3/17/2009,161,5,2,3,4>A wonderful evening tonight at Sabor of Spain.  David (the Spanish pronunciation) reccomended the Tempranillo flight made up of three fantastic wines direct from Spain.  The first was a Rivola that lived up to its description - with a complex aroma of Black fruits and spice.  the perfect little "kick" to start off the flight.  Next up was the Vega Real, soft, round and fruity - like me!  Perfect with the seafood tapas that arrived at just the right moment.  Finishing off the flight was the Vina Salceda which was lush, creamy and balanced.  Perfect for the palate in anticipation of my dessert - the Bread Pudding - a chef's special.  The warm spring bread, rich caramel sauce and fresh strawberries were a great surprise in a Spanish restaurant.  A perfect compliment was the Finca Luzon, dary, ruby red and with oak spiced cherry.  If you decide to stop by, be sure to try a flight and look for David at the bar.  His reccomendations will always steer you in the right direction!
<review# 1815,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2009,3/16/2009,364,222,7,11,10>*Honk**Honk* Here comes the party bus! Driver Dave is here! I've been to Napa many times and Platypus is the first time we decided to go with a driving tour. Always having a designated driver, we wanted everyone to enjoy the day drinking as much wine as we wanted without having to worry about a DD. Right from the start, I could tell this was going to be a great trip as soon as Driver Dan started pumping us up. Being that it was 10:00 AM in the morning, he did a pretty awesome job of getting as all hyped up for what was to come of the day. He was funny, sarcastic and very informative at the same time. He had plenty of knowledge he was sharing with us and did it in such an easy going way that we weren't intimidated to ask any questions. The one thing about Platypus that I loved was they really supported the small local wineries. Since they were also a local company, it was great to see that they brought business to the smaller wineries that may need more help bringing in tourists. Unlike the big names such as Sterling, Robert Mondavi, Mumms etc...who get many visitors every weekend, the wineries we headed to were ones I've never heard of before. The wines there were just as good and I actually appreciated the wine more since I knew their production number was low.  You probably wouldn't be able to find a bottle of their wine at any local grocery store. Driver Dave was great and took us on a private tour of one of the wineries we visited. It was very interesting to learn about the process from start to finish. He was very educational on how everything made a difference on the wine -  from the soil it was grown in, direction the grape vines were facing to the sun, how the grapes were crushed and aged in the barrels.  You'll walk away from this tour with a greater apprecation of red wines since so much work goes into making it.One of the highlights of the tour was LUNCH! It was provided for us at a beautiful location on top of the hill overlooking all of Napa. We sat on picnic tables and just soaked in the beautiful sun and view. I met a great couple from Kansas and they were just delightful. It was nice to meet other people from other parts of the United States to listen and share your different experiences.  You can't complain when you are surrounded by great company and wine. For $85 bucks it is well worth it for all the wine, education and wonderful memories. Platypus I give you five stars for making it one of the best Napa trips I've ever taken.
<review# 1816,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2008,3/15/2009,329,322,11,12,13>Speaking of places I spent months fretting over ...I spent months fretting over Angele, too. Even more than the Tonga Room in SF, I feared Angele would be a Fisherman's Wharf-style Napa tourist trap with crap food, crap service and expensive (however tasty) bottles of wine. All I knew before last weekend was that they had 4 stars on Yelp, a steak entree, and that their food was some kind of California cuisine with French influence.After drooling over the mac-n-cheese appetizer, the steak, the halibut and the pasta on the menu, they came out with 8 orders for our group of 9 -- they didn't have mine because of a mix-up in the kitchen. That could mean any number of things, but most importantly, it meant I wasn't eating yet. I stewed in my own hunger waiting for my filet mignon with bordelaise sauce, potatoes, fava beans (hello, Clarice), onions and "pea tendrils," until our attentive waiter brought me an appetizer for free: a seared red snapper on toast with veggies. It was a bit fishy for my taste, but it was nice of them to make up for their mix-up. I also got a free crepe dessert at the end.The steak? Delicious, the perfect size and perfectly pink inside. The bordelaise sauce paired well with my blend of Zin/Syrah/Mourvedre (Four Vines' Anarchy, if you're curious). We brought a few of our own wine bottles, picking the corkage fee instead of restaurant markup, and our waiter waived the fee on a couple bottles for us. Had we not gotten tip-top service, I might've dropped it down to 3.5, because I wasn't floored by the apps, the salads or the desserts. But I was very happy with our overall experience.I should dine and drink exclusively with bachelorette parties.
<review# 1817,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2008,3/14/2009,45,19,9,8,9>THEY HAVE A CUPCAKE WITH GUINNESS IN IT!It is rare that I find an eatery that peeks my interest enough to keep my traveling approximately 45 minutes away from my home in order to sample their tastey morsels of deliciousness, but I have found one that is worth the drive.  Now, it may seem a bit odd that I am making the drive for an eatery that only serves one thing, cupcakes, but lets be real. When Krispy Kreme was all the rage, admit that you waited in a line at the drive through, 40 cars long, and decided to order a dozen so that you wouldn't have to do it again for at least a few weeks...only to find yourself back in the pile-up a week later.  They only serve donuts. This place only serves heaven...I mean cupcakes.Yes people, I have located heaven in Cotati. That's right, Cotati.  Heaven involves a cupcake reminiscent of an Orangescicle called the 50/50.  Heaven tastes a little bit like the new years party you got drunk at in the form of the Pink Champagne, which is based off of the Kir Royal.  Oh yes, heaven does exhist in Cotati, and heaven has a Peanut Butter Ripple with your name on it.  There is even a cupcake that comes with a fortune cookie...who doesn't love a fortune cookie?  I love fortune cookies.  Really, I go to Chinese restaurants just for the fortune cookies....and the flavor...I am not a cupcakateer (like that? I just made it up).  I have always thought that they were flovorless little sisters of cakes with frosting made of sugar and water, and tasting as much.  Sugar on top, styrofoam on the bottom.  But here, there is actually flavor.  The keylime tastes like lime, what a concept!  The flavors actually taste like what they are described.This place is cute too, as a proper cupcakery should be.  Yes, it is how you imagine it, with pink walls and chocolate floors (not real chocolate...not that I checked).  There are chandaliers.  Um hello, pink walls, chandeliers, a sea green  retro countertop covered in cupcakes of every single possible flavor you can think of.  I am not kidding. It freaking awesome. And I am not a Suzy Homemaker, or Susy Homebaker (see, I don't even know what it is), so this is going to sound kinda weird, but even their aprons are cute.  I want one for myself...maybe I will bake more.In any case, I am going back, because I only got to sample a few. I feel like a little kid.  I haven't been this excited about eateries in a while, because well, I like flavor, and most don't have it, but Sift does in more ways than just their fabulous cupcakes.
<review# 1818,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2008,3/13/2009,364,268,11,12,13>What's the cure all for a starving girl who completed a 10-mile hike in the Marin Headlands? 3 pieces of grilled boneless skinless marinated chicken over rice and frijoles (pink beans), 1 piece of fried garlic plantain, 1 piece of sweet fried plantain, a side salad with Sol Food's special house-made chili dressing, and a jar of fresh squeezed lime juice. So the next time you find yourself nearly delirious from hunger after a 10-mile hike dodging poison oak, flicking off ticks, and avoiding a flat on the face fall, stop by Sol Food in San Rafael for some fresh Puerto Rican Cuisine. The quaint decor, cheap fresh eats, and fast friendly service is the perfect remedy to assuage the shock endured by any city girl hiking the Marin headlands for the first time!
<review# 1819,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2009,3/12/2009,163,290,7,7,8>"How To Look  20 Pounds Thinner In One Hour"My nephew Brian is a BIG BOY. When he was with me recently, I looked at him, and it looked like he had grown huge saddlebag thighs in less than 2 weeks!I know he is on a healthier eating plan and losing weight. He calls me and let's me know every half pound he losses every couple of weeks! He is very excited that he has lost 4 pounds in 3 months! WTG Bri!me: Brian, what's up with your thighs?Brian: I dunno know Aunt Chrissy.me: Brian............. is there something in your pockets?Brian:yeah.me: can I see?Brian, ummmm, okay Aunt Chrissy.So we proceed to extract sad,bulging, wallets out of each pant legs side pockets! Each has girly cards in them from a strip club he went to in AZ with his brother (I plead the 5th) We counted 30+ "business cards". X rated ones. Then the used lottery tickets that have not made him a multi millionaire. YET. Plus,  a fine assortment of various scraps of paper, candy wrappers, and a hoard of one dollar bills. (see interests in first review)We SLOWLY went through them as he told me a story behind each piece of crumpled up paper. An hour later, purged and organized, he was the proud of owner of one new wallet AND a savings account.He proudly deposited the 57 one dollar bills into the bank."Aunt Chrissy, I am now on my way to one million dollars!""Yes, Brian, you are."As we walked out of the bank, I realized how much slimmer Brian looked.I'd say, 20 pounds lighter! :Dto be continued......
<review# 1820,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2009,3/11/2009,155,237,8,8,7>Its this cute cottage looking restaurant RIGHT off the highway entrance. Friday afternoon the parking lot was overflowing. Valet is nice enough to greet you with all smiles even in the rain.We sat right by the window, and through the window you can see this huge roaster/oven outside.....huge slabs of pork, whole chickens and other meats roasting nicely outsideIt's intimate, a little fancy/a little casual....a little HOUSE....if anythingBaked Oysters filled with cheese.........a little salty..but amazing......get the extra with your bread! The short ribs were melt in your mouth goodness with a dallop of horseradish to give it some kick.  Smores pie.....was more than words can express. HeavenlyIf you want your girl to stay slim and trim....don't bring her here. Take her to a fresh choice and give her a SPOON to eat her salad.
<review# 1821,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2013,11/23/2013,94,166,4,6,6>What a great addition to downtown Petaluma.  Heading to the coast for a picnic, or simply don't want to cook dinner?  This is a great place to grab wholesome meals - everything appears to be local so you know you are not only getting the best, but are supporting farmers and growers close to home.  They also have great things for the kitchen, like locally made mustards, artisan cheeses, cool cutting boards, olive oils, and other cool stuff.Although they don't officially open until August 29th, I got to taste their food during Taste of Petaluma and it is great.  They had a smoked salmon kenwa salad that was delicious.  (Their kitchen will be open sometime in October.)
<review# 1822,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2013,11/22/2013,155,397,2,6,2>The coffee here is stellar!  It stands up well to a French press or drip coffee with no sugar added.  The flavors are bold and delightful without bitter after notes.  The bonus for me though, sorry to be self-serving here, is they offer really yummy Gluten Free goodies.  There is even more than one muffin to select from, which is always nice to have options to choose.  The other goodies looked quite tasty as well with options such as savory turnovers, muffins, scones, and cookies.  I have had the blackberry and cranberry muffins.  Both were light and had a crumble like topping baked on that lends to slight sweetness without being overly sugared.  The texture is lovely and not too dense.  Overall, I'm a fan.
<review# 1823,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2013,11/21/2013,170,264,,3,3>The Beauty Nook remains my favorite place for waxing (both upstairs & down), tints & facials. I always feel a decade younger when I leave the hands of Emily. She never fails to give me a new lease on life & add a little pep in my step. Book your next facial, wax or tint at the Nook!
<review# 1824,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2013,11/20/2013,63,261,1,6,3>"Swim faster. I hear banjos!"  (Love their logo shirts.  Anyhow!)Been renting canoes here for as long as I can remember and just enjoyed yet another day on the Russian River.   I cannot rate down for anything because start to finish, everything was as it should be.  Staff is great, helpful, available and fun.  The bus is old and the ride is bumpy but the group of 10 year old boys in back sure enjoyed it!   Seems ridiculous for any reviewer to rate down the business due to the river conditions, "lack" of wildlife or the party goers along the way.  (It WAS crowded though.  Pick a week day if you can!  Everyone seemed to be out on the river last Saturday.)   We benefited from a Groupon deal but the regular prices are fair as well.   We stopped several times along the way - rock jumping, rope swinging, lunch and a final swim time.  There are great spots for each of those activities!Our trip was about 5.5 hours total and absolutely perfect for a group of 6 adults and 4 kids.
<review# 1825,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2013,11/19/2013,68,196,4,6,9>Stopped in on a whim Sunday afternoon and was treated to - seriously - one of the best things I've ever tasted. They were out of chocolate croissants, but a super nice girl behind the counter piped up and said chocolate almond croissants were just about to come out of the oven. Her manager seemed annoyed about that, because he had to show her how to handle them when they're hot, but I was grateful for her thoughtfulness. My cashier, also crazy nice, said I was lucky and that she was jealous, and the other nice girl agreed. I thought they were being a little overzealous. I was wrong. So wrong.It was hot, flaky, dark chocolaty, gooey, marzipany (???), and just plain dreamy. I meant to save some for later and see if it was just as incredible cooled down, but it didn't survive the car ride. My boyfriend watched in horror while I finished that beauty off in a flourish of flying powdered sugar and smeared chocolate. This might take a few trips to the gym to work off, but I regret nothing.
<review# 1826,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2013,11/18/2013,2595,287,11,19,14>As a person of awkwardly leggy stature, I am often plagued by the dilemma of clothing. Try as I might, I can never quite get things right. If I get the right length, it's too big around. If it fits around, it's much too short. #firstworldproblemsThen I found Aracellis Creations. Tucked in the old Roger Wilco plaza, it occupies the last spot before the Fire Station. I was greeted by the owner who my mom introduced me to, and she very quickly got to work on my clothing conundrums. I brought in some maxi dresses that were the perfect length but much too big around, and she pinned everywhere and promised me it would be perfect in a week. I had my trepidations, but after seeing all the wedding dresses she was working on in the back, it gave me some comfort that she probably knew what she was doing. A week later I returned, and not only were the dresses fixed, but they were PERFECT. Not only were the perfect, they looked better than when I bought them! I was absolutely thrilled, but I didn't even know how thrilled I was until I saw the bill which was considerably less that I had anticipated.I am so excited to have this gem so close to me, and couldn't wait to share it with everyone else! Everyone needs a tailor, and Aracelis Creations is absolutely fantastic!
<review# 1827,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2013,11/17/2013,259,650,10,15,14>As the sun settled in behind Mount Tam, my son and I pulled into the parking lot here.  The sky was dramatically grey, dark blue, and silver with a touch of evening fog. Through some buildings I could glimpse a little party happening behind someone's fence.  Twinkly, string lights glowed.  A bean bag was tossed above the fence line.  Voices, laughter.  All this poetry before I even stepped inside of Arti.  There's a reason Arti has so many 5-star yelp reviews as there's a reason I penned that poetic prose in the paragraph above.  Arti feels loved.  It feels womb-like and welcoming.  Its food is soul-warming.  The steam and aroma emanating from the chicken tandoori makes you want to kindly ask for pieces from your neighbor's table.  We ate lightly, starting with my favorite Indian food on the planet, Bhel Puri.  It's listed under chaats in the appetizer section.  No matter where you are, when you find Bhel Puri on the menu just order it.  You can thank me later.  We also shared a mildly spiced Channa Masala, Onion Naan, and a simple rice pilaf.Arti's food was gentle and tasty but I think the feeling I left with was about more than just the food.  There was some very special energy emanating from and around this place and everyone inside seemed to have a happy aura.  I swear I didn't just come from Spirit Rock; Arti made me this way.
<review# 1828,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2013,11/16/2013,51,222,3,3,3>OMG!!! The Outlaw cupcake is to die for! The chocolate on chocolate with delectable sea salt sprinkles on top, and creamy caramel filling is enough to make this fat kid cry for more, more, more!!! Its a good thing I have some sort of self control... But this place is soooo good I feel like I need to go to church, and confess my sins!BTW, if your not from around here, I highly suggest you order yourself a tall glass of our local milk from Clover- Stornetta farms! They're out in Petaluma... but don't cheat yourself go for the WHOLE MILK... They are the best, local, hormone free, and amazing! You can taste the quality!
<review# 1829,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2012,11/15/2013,2,222,,,1>I love this place!  The fried chicken with the waffle is to die for.   My husband had the gumbo and muffaletta, and he loved both.  Michelle brought over some shrimp etoufee to try, and that was  delicious too.  We've tried to go back a couple of times, but the place was packed.  Got to figure out a down-time at this place, and get some New Orleans food!
<review# 1830,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2013,11/14/2013,80,57,1,4,3>I come here at least every month or two. My  current favorite appetizer is Foul- a warm mash of fava beans and gentle spices. It is the meatiest vegetarian dish I have ever eaten- amazing! For dinner or lunch I can never decide so I get the vegetarian combo and the Abyssinian Combo. The food  makes me cry its so yummy. Clearly I was Ethiopian in a past life.
<review# 1831,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2008,6/18/2009,3,7,3,3,4>I've read the other reviews of this restaurant and am a little surprised at the comments about the prices being to high...all of you yelpers know how expensive it is to cook at home. Remember too, your paying for the ambiance, which is a 100% improvement from the old location. (However the new location can't boast that they have a Pleasure porn right around the corner store like the old location...haha joking, but not really...) The couple that my girlfriend and I came with had been there many times and were able to shed some light on a couple of their signature dishes. The Faro with corn was delicious and definitely something different than I'm used to, which is refreshing in this town. I ordered the Tomato Salad, which was perfect no fuss, just beautiful tomatoes accented with creamy goat cheese and a beautiful basil oil that was actually had quite intense flavor. (The lovely waitress suggested that I order some grilled bread to go along with it...she was spot on, it was perfect with the tomato salad and actually turned it into a panzanella)My girlfriend ordered the spaghetti with olives, which I wasn't that impressed with, but not bad by any means. As I picked at the spaghetti that my girlfriend and I split, I couldn't help it I had to have the rigatoni that my buddy was enjoying across the table...perfect! (They are also able to do half orders of pasta,which was the perfect amount for me)Overall,:1. A great spot with a cool-fresh vibe right along main street.2. Close to many other good restaurants/bars. (Grab a delicious cocktail at Cole's before hand to get your group or date lubricated as Azzuro doesn't serve hard booze)3. Nice unpretentious service.4. Bound to see many familiar faces (Such a small town!)5. Happy to see they are supporting local purveyors like the Fatted Calf...I missed out on the charcuterrie plate....damnit!
<review# 1832,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2008,6/17/2009,81,202,14,14,15>Let's use the character of Sophia in "The Golden Girls" to help Illustrate Marin Joes.  (God Bless Estelle Getty, by the way)Picture It.It's November 1956.  Dwight D. Eisenhower has won the Presidential Election by a landslide to continue a second successful term in office.On the radio you hear "Mr. Sandman" playing, a song that was a big hit  two years previous when Marin Joes opened its doors in 1954.At this point in the United States, there were 48 States and a scoop of Ice Cream would cost you about 8 cents.Families jumped into their Ginormous Pontiacs and headed down to Marin Joes for home made pastas, veal and drinks to celebrate things like Graduations, Anniversaries, Birthdays and the Holidays.Picture That.  Now, Fast Forward 52 Years.It's November 2008.  Barack Obama has won the Presidential Election by a huge margin to be begin his historical first term as the first black President of the United States.54 years later, that same scoop of ice cream costs you about 3 dollars.The US has added 2 more states and a bigger handful of problems than it probably had in 1954....Yet...Families around town STILL pile into their cars, (although likely now a Hybrid Prius or Civic)...fighting over what song to listen to along the way...probably something more like "Heartless" by Kanye West rather than that "Mr. Sandman" song by the Chordettes or whoever...The same familes enter the doors of Marin Joes 50 plus years later for home made pastas, veal and drinks to celebrate things like Graduations, Anniversaries, Birthdays and the Holidays.Nearly everything has changed in 54 years except a few special things like Marin Joes.  Sometimes it is nice to relax and not have to fight for change.  We can do that any other day;  In the meantime enjoy a Vodka Gimlet at Marin Joes and hang out with your friends and family the same way everyone did more than five decades ago...
<review# 1833,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2009,6/16/2009,174,143,6,7,8>I'd come here for the milkshakes alone....I highly recommend trying the chocolate chip, ooh, those slivers of chocolate taste so so fab! I had a sandwich but want to come back to try breakfast, it's just that it was already 1:00pm and although it's perfectly logical to have pancakes at 1:00pm, I was in the mood for french fries and boy, when I'm in the mood for something these days, it means the unborn child is in the mood for something and we can't disappoint her, no we cannot! Love this place, especially since it's a 10 min walk from the pad.
<review# 1834,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2009,6/15/2009,108,54,3,6,6>Three simple words; Dollar Hand Rolls!!! Sundays from 4 to 9:30 handrolls are a dollar. There's nothing quite like stuffing your face with sushi and then handing the waitress a crisp Hamilton and actually getting change back.Now this place isn't trying to be anything fancy, you could hardly say there is any decor or atmosphere but you can definitely get a great meal for a great price. On Monday they do dollar nigiri and on Tuesday they do dollar cut rolls. I havent gone for either of these nights but how can you complain about value like this.
<review# 1835,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2009,6/14/2009,352,403,7,11,9>I recently returned to Old Chicago with some coworkers and discovered something awesome and amazing that they have on their menu.  Raleigh pointed out a "double crust" pizza they had on their menu, it came with 2 toppings and was a bit more expensive than the standard deep dish.   Further inquiry revealed that this was a deep dish style pizza, with an additional crust baked on top of it, and a further layer of delicious cheesy goodness piled on top of the second crust.Woah... this sounded like something epic, something biblical.  I had to have it!  It took 20 or 30 minutes for it to cook, but it was well worth the wait.  The extra crust and cheese make the already rich and heavy deep dish even more so.  Each slice is a meal in itself, I really recommend it if you love a cheesy heavy slice of pizza.
<review# 1836,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2009,6/13/2009,415,316,7,9,8>If you haven't been you have to go... the prices are fantastic and they have really really cute clothes.  Also a nice selection of gift items.   Since the stock is being liquidated it changes regular so if you find something you like you better buy it..  They are on my weekly to do list that is how much I love this place.
<review# 1837,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/3/2009,6/12/2009,90,172,13,12,13>"Uh, honey?""Yes dear...""Have you seen this black spider in the corner of the garage? The one with the red hour glass on the underside and a really firm spider web?"**Runs into the garage**"Oh crap, that's a black widow!!!"Crap indeed- call in the "Pest Busters"!!!.  Bay Counties came recommended by our neighbors  and David came out right away.  He sprayed the exterior and treated the black widow web efficiently and quickly.  So fast that we barely noticed him come and go.  He did come back and do monthly maintenance (at $95 a pop), however after awhile the spiders stopped being an issue (perhaps he did too good a job!) so we ended the monthly contract.  The Bay Counties Termite and Pest office staff was flexible with cancellations also quick with their response and billing.  I'll be quick to call them the next time the next pest pops up...
<review# 1838,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2008,6/11/2009,19,45,2,8,5>I've gone back multiple times since my first review, now that I live in Glen Ellen. The restaurant has really developed since the first time we ate there. The chef is amazing, always recognizes and greets us. & they've really stepped up their spicy food game. So i'm changing this to 4 stars.I was really excited about this place opening, but I have to give it three stars. The wait staff is a little inattentive.The food's okay. It's pretty pricey, which I guess is to be expected for the location. however, both times I've requested my food 'so spicy it could make you cry' and neither time did they deliver. in fact, it was VERY mild. the non curry fare and appetizers are pretty good. The naan is huge and fluffy. Go here if you like food with very little spice!
<review# 1839,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2009,6/10/2009,79,88,10,12,10>I love browsing this store because of all the unique pieces that the owners are able to find from different eras.  They have the most exquisite rings from the 1940's and I finally broke down and bought my first piece and not my last!  It is so nice to experience real customer service!  They are so knowledgeable and will explain the specialness of each piece.  The prices are very reasonable too!
<review# 1840,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2008,6/9/2009,141,176,3,4,5>I don't know enough words in the english language to do this place justice.If you love good food you will easily fall in love with the food at this place. It is incredibly rare that me and my roommate go somewhere and are left almost speachless. All we've been able to say all day is "wow" over and over again.He ordered the couscous salad, and oh, wow, was this good. I tried a bite and never have I ever had couscous that is so creamy and fresh, let alone a salad with all the fresh vegetables.I ordered the duck confit sandwich, and though simple, it was delicous and needed nothing more than the cheese and mustard vinegarette dip it came with. It also had sweet carmalized onions and lemon zest. A real treat!We ordered the special cheese plate of the day, french cheeses. So brilliant and wonderfully priced. It was an awesome value at 12 dollars for huge generous chunks of cheese. We took it home and plan to share it with the house tonight.We unshamefully turned our head as any server passed us to crane our heads and see what other people ordered. Believe me, it ALL looked good.I can't wait to go back to order about everything off the menu. We just can't believe we've lived here as long as we have and did not find this place. We are incredibly picky to give a wow to someplace, and boy does this place deserve it. If you want your tastebuds to sing and dance you have got to check out this treasure of a place.
<review# 1841,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2011,2/14/2012,55,7,,3,3>Great little stop as you enter the Alexander Valley. Order the Ham and Brie sandwich - you won't be disappointed.
<review# 1842,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2011,2/12/2012,273,551,1,6,4>I love this place. It reminds me of some of the sports bars in the city...not a bad seat in the house. If there isn't a TV attached to your table, you will still be able to watch at least three others. Various sports on and a staff that rings a bell when a local time scores. The beer selection on tap is good. Local NorCal breweries. The burgers were incredible. I keep wanting to go back just for the burgers. Good crowd of people all for various teams. The bartenders were really nice and made sure to take care of everyone, even when they were serving food and getting drinks.So happy to live a block from here.
<review# 1843,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2011,2/11/2012,124,203,2,2,4>The view from this restaurant is unbelievably gorgeous on a clear day, so I was happy it reopened after being closed for a while.  The old restaurant was looking a little dated, but the remodel they've done did wonders.  It looks much more upscale now while still keeping that comfortable feeling.I went with my parents on a Saturday night and we had a 5:45 reservation.  Honestly, I can't think of anything to criticize at this place.  The waiter was friendly and the service was attentive without being overbearing.  I LOVED that they didn't try to rush us through the meal (which is a pet peeve of mine).  We had our cocktails, appetizer, wine, entrees, and dessert and everything was paced perfectly.My Mom had one of their special cocktails and Dad and I had dirty martinis.  All were excellent.  (Yes, you can make a bad cocktail, but these were awesome.)  For our appetizer we split the dungeness crab dip with crostinis on the side.  What was really cool was the waiter told us to just ask him if we needed more crostinis if we ran out.  Normally, restaurants don't offer that (some actually charge for additional toasts or crostinis).  You almost always need extra and have to sit there waiting while your spread goes cold.  (We actually loved the fresh warm bread and used that to sop up the remaining dip.)My Mom and I had the filet mignon.  It was cooked perfectly and the potato gratin on the side was flavorful and just the right portion size.  My Dad loved his lamb shank that was so indescribably moist (I snuck a piece) that you didn't even need a knife.By the time we left at 8PM, this place was packed, so I'd definitely recommend getting a reservation (especially on a Saturday night).The only thing you should be aware of is that it is pretty spendy (especially for Novato), but you can check out the menu online to see the prices for yourself.  We probably won't go here that often for dinner except for special occasions.  The Lunch menu has more affordable options, so we'll probably go more often for lunch.  The Sunday Brunch menu also looks good.Oh, we also wouldn't be averse to just visiting the bar area and having a few apps!
<review# 1844,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2011,2/10/2012,19,179,,9,4>I'm updating my review because the original was recently a ROTD.  After re-reading the content I decided it needed a little more information, as I've seen a few more shows here in the past six months since my initial review (and have tickets for two or three more shows in the coming months).Again, it's hard to beat this place for the size: no bad sight lines, great sound, courteous staff, decent prices for refreshments and conveniently located to the slowly-but-surely blossoming "nightlife" of downtown Napa.And let me say again that the booking agent and management are top-notch, without a doubt.If you live in the area and haven't been, you HAVE to go; it's cleaner and in better shape than the Mystic, it's in a better neighborhood with better restaurants than the Fox, and the parking and ticket prices are phenomenally better than the Fillmore.
<review# 1845,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/11/2011,2/9/2012,1284,595,1,5,3>If you happen to find yourself near or staying at the El Pueblo Inn, Sonoma, meander over to Community Cafe for a little breakfast/brunch. It doesn't look like much from the outside but go around to the back where the entrance is and you'll discover a gem. The three star rating (as opposed to 4) comes at the heels of a poor meal choice on my end. I ordered the tofu scramble and for some reason, when I think scramble I think eggs. I thought there would most definitely be eggs with some tofu and veggies. This wasn't the case and I should have asked; it was all seasoned tofu, kinda crumbly and heavily peppered. It wasn't bad, it just wasn't what I was expecting. Had I ordered something else on the menu I might be singing at a slightly higher tune. My chai latte was delightful, though, and the woman who works the front counter (I believe she was the owner) was very friendly and helpful. If I find myself back in the area again, I'm going for the glory...pancakes or something decadent.
<review# 1846,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2011,2/8/2012,276,606,4,5,4>We waltzed in on a warm September afternoon, sat in the back garden and were informed that they were busy and we should have made an appointment. We had actually checked on their website to see if one is necessary - it states reservations are necessary if you have a larger party. Maybe they should change their website. However, they were able to fit us in! I love the gardens & sculptures. Everything is for sale if you have that kind of money. Inside the house, there are galleries upstairs for you to peruse while sipping on your wine. Once our "appointment" started, we had a customized wine flight based on our descriptions of what we liked/disliked. I sampled some whites - which I don't usually do. I like that they source from multiple wineries so there's tons of variety. They have an awesome wine club too :)
<review# 1847,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2012,2/7/2012,174,143,3,13,10>I had the good fortune to enjoy a wonderful, amazing meal here last week as part of a "Mom's Night Out" organized through my mother's club. OMG, Wow!! I have to admit I am not an expert in Indian Cuisine, although I do love it, I always order the same thing. I have eaten dosas once in the city but didn't know of any Indian restaurants in Marin serving southern fare. Not to mention this was Chaat, street food, which I've never tried. Yum, yum, yummy! Our menu included the following:Dahi Puri - Crispy little round breads, their tops broken open, interiors filled with a mix of mashed potatoes, chili and lightly sweetened yogurt.Chloe Bhature - Big, deep-fried puffy breads made of fine-grained wheat flour, served with spiced chickpea stew.Lotus Special Dosa - Dosa stuffed with aromatically spiced organic tofu, potatoes, broccoli and carrots, served with a bowl of sambar and coconut sauceBarley Bhel - High protein, high fiber grain with chewy texture and nutty flavor similar to brown rice, mixed with cooked potatoes, onions, peanuts, tomatoes and tamarind and mint saucesBean Sprout Bhel - Fresh raw bean sprouts mixed with cooked potatoes, onions, tomatoes, peanuts, tamarind and mint sauces.Tofu Bhel - Organic tofu mixed with cooked potatoes, onions, tomatoes, peanuts, tamarind and mint sauces.The waiters were so wonderful and so kind, we had the best service. They even let us linger longer than we had anticipated, I think they were closing up but never said a word. This is an amazing restaurant, and it's owned and operated by the wonderful people at Lotus, down a ways on Fourth Street, a Zagat rated restaurant. Don't hesitate, go to Lotus Chaat and Spices ASAP!
<review# 1848,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2011,2/6/2012,123,1032,1,6,4>This place has a tendency to either rub you right, or rub you wrong. It usually rubs me right.It aint nothin' fancy, I'll start with that. You're in an old saloon/general store space, and you should not forget that. I think that for all the bourgeois nonsense that goes around in Marin, people think that everywhere they go will be a virtual country club. Not so here. You'll get food and drinks, and live music, but don't expect to be fawned over by the staff. You're in the countryside now, and you're gonna have to show a little gumption and maybe some thicker skin. That being said, the food is good here. If you're just traveling through, this place can be a god-send.
<review# 1849,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2011,2/5/2012,1,28,14,7,5>I had had a great experience at Blue Lotus.  I came in to get a genital piercing put back in.  Christine was awesome.  She was so nice, kind, really sweet and accommodating.  Everything was super-sterile and Christine explained what she was doing every step of the way and had a very soothing presence in the midst of what was a rather anxious and painful situation. Did you know that there is a direct correlation between the attractiveness of the female piercer and the amount of pain and anxiety-induced penile shrinkage during such a procedure? I'm just saying.
<review# 1850,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/18/2011,2/4/2012,340,166,7,9,15>Funds are low, but on we go - Our spirits are high, and I don't know why. ~ Bob PepperAfter months of rain, the backyard lawn is a muddy sponge that squishes underneath my shoes as I walk. Fearful garden spiders scurry in the grass after a fresh mowing; I have, by chance, hit their nest. They run for cover to the Meyer Lemon tree. I chase them, gaining speed with my clumsy feet as I beat them to the tree and manage to grab ten or so lemons. In the process, I trip on an old tree stump; its presence pushing against the surrounding soil like a wart protruding through fair skin. It has been already nineteen months living here in the neighborhood. The many lives that have passed through are less than the smoke from memories dissipating in the forgetful sky. Only on Mary C Drive do they know how to gather on the front lawn and laugh, lawn chairs in a circle, bright eyes and chuckles sustained on years of friendship. On other streets it can seem forced most of the time, except on Fridays when everyone gathers in backyards and anticipates the next thing in a cycle of funny things that perpetuate into a fiery ball.. into a promising night. There are, of course, the times we are motionless, listening to the frogs and crickets, watching the stars. Friday night can be the hiding place for relaxation after a rather wearisome week of showing up on time at some place if only for that paycheck. Yes, there are indeed a few of us who are passionate about our current line of work, but our passions for the most part still remain unfound. A light at the end of many of our tunnels are these Friday night gatherings that take place through the house and into a backyard or garage-cum-playroom. Redwood Liquor Store, formerly known as Emil's, is the replenishing place in the middle of the night. Emil is in the history books for serving many of the former residents in this neighborhood. Like many of us will become, he is just a former cockroach that once scurried about in the underbelly of this town. Most of the residents of Emil's neighborhood have moved on by choice, or passed on by time. The newer Redwood Liquors looks exactly like Emil's. The aluminum foil is out of stock and the ice machine is still in the shop. But he's got every thinkable brand of vodka in any size imaginable, from Skyy to Stoli, from Artic to Zyr. The wine area in the back is still selling the more affordable bottles - Some look like they've been collecting dust for years were it not for the 2009 vintage on the bottle.  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  Back in the day, there was James. He could run the bases like Rickey Henderson. He had more hits, on a given day, than Pete Rose. He had an eye for the ball. He was the best outfielder among all fourth graders. To see his feet now scraping the sidewalk, you'd swear he was a mirror ghost, a dead reflection of his former self. He slides into Redwood Liquor for another bottle of liquid silver as his sister stumbles out of the van to throw away the former bottle. Sometimes, a dream can forever drown in our sorrows and there's no certain way to see something like that coming. Therefore, there is no way to run from it and no way to prevent it. We are all of us in the gutter. But some of us are looking at the stars. ~ Oscar Wilde
<review# 1851,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2011,1/10/2012,265,769,,4,3>I came here and fell in love.  The one thing I found that I cannot live without is the country dressing mix. All of their salad dressing mixes are amazing.  I tend to make all mine from scratch, but after trying thiers, we may have a new house dressing staple. Prices are reasonable.  If you get on the mailing list for the quarterly catalog, you get insane coupons inside.  Yay!  I cannot wait to go back.  I spent about $40 here Saturday, and got an amazing selection of items.  The bags are better priced than the glass jars, so if you have containers go for it.  Also they have Aleppo Powder - which outside of Dean and Delucca in Napa, I've had a hard time finding.  Yay!  score!
<review# 1852,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2011,1/9/2012,87,152,3,5,4>Beer and wine at the movies, thank you!  Comfortable seats.  Only one theater which means no excess noise pollution from competing screens.  Every seat is good and rarely is the house packed.  They often have guests such as producers.I've seen many a documentary at this place.  Only the Rafael shows docs, but not as many as this.  The Lark is an art deco movie house, a true slice of Marin.Parking can be a trick on weekends, and it is in Larkspur.  Give yourself an extra 5 minutes to get there.
<review# 1853,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2011,1/8/2012,69,46,4,9,7>I am so happy Lydia's Organics opened a cafe in Petaluma. They serve the most amazing raw and cooked vegan food on the planet. Delicious, clean, nutritious, and healing foods created with care and love. It doesn't get much better than this.Today I had Lydia's Favorite Crepe. It was phenomenal!!  Can't wait to go back tomorrow for more. I swear I'll go broke eating here, but everything is so darn good, it's hard not to practically live there.  Thank you, Lydia's! You are a rare find. xx
<review# 1854,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2011,1/7/2012,415,316,,7,3>Well this was an unexpected surprise... I must say a little bit of "fast food delight". I drove by and decided I had to stop. The menu has several surprises. Real milk shakes like ones handmade with real Ice Cream and fresh fruit... A truly remarkable foot long hot dog. The hot dog was butterflied, grilled, melted cheese, and add some fresh chopped tomatoes and red onions... dang it was good. I also noticed they have a nice selection of sandwiches, salads, burgers, grilled chicken, fish, and portabella mushroom burgers. Hand dipped corn dog... stick and stick in me and send me along to corn dog heaven that's all I gotta say on the topic of corn dogs. Friendly service. Everything is cooked to order. If its cold outside or raining maybe not a good first choice since there is no inside seating and the overhang for where you order is not wide enough to offer much cover from the elements. However if it is sunny... they have outdoor seating at a counter and also a few tables scattered and right across the street is Walnut Park. If my vote counts I say give it try!!!
<review# 1855,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2011,1/6/2012,259,650,18,14,25>To my teenage sons:  Someday you will meet someone that you think is "the one" and this will be the litmus test:  Is she down with sitting on folding chairs at plank tables along the roadside?  Does she roll with the punches, weather-wise, while she sits beside the finicky but beautiful waters of Tomales Bay?  Does she liberally douse the lime mignonette atop her half-dozen raw oysters ($11)?  Does she not carp about having to share a plate of 3 fish tacos ($9) with you?  Not hog the fish stew ($9 for big size)?  Not complain about the cool wind whipping her hair around or the sea breeze making it frizz?    Will she hold up her can of beer and *skoal* you for your unique and incredible find? If she passes the litmus test, The Marshall Store can be your place for all the seasons of your life.  May they be long and enjoyable.Small Print:  May also apply to LTRs, SOs, FWBs, and just plain friends.  And, should the "she" turn out to be a "he" I am fine with that as well.
<review# 1856,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/17/2011,1/5/2012,41,86,2,6,3>I want to like Hummingbird far more than I actually do like it.I was a huge Coffee Klatch fan, so I was thrilled to hear that its replacement was slinging tasty breakfast grub.This morning marked my first visit to The Hummingbird.  Decor: not a whole lot different than The Klatch.  Service: ohhhhhhh...it was alright.  Our server was nice enough, but he seemed a little more interested in talking with a lady sitting at the breakfast bar, who I'm pretty sure was Hummingbird's owner.Food: I was disappointed.  After all the good Yelp reviews I've read, I was expecting more.  Not Gary Danko, for chrimeny sake, but just, you know, something better.Broiled grapefruit=something to behold.  Delicious.Home fries=good for the first couple of bites, but overall WAY too salty.Huevos Rancheros=fine, but I was hoping for more than fine, especially for $11!Chocolate chip pancakes=good--my son had these and ate them all.  But seriously, how can you go wrong w/chocolate chip pancakes?!?Orange juice=Blech.  I asked several times if it was fresh-squeezed and was assured that it was.  If that's the case, then they must put the entire orange into the juicer, rind, pith and all, because it was BITTER (and so am I).  Yuck.  The OJ at The Klatch was my fave; this stuff is the pits.Other: Not all that kid-friendly.  It seems like a breakfast place should have crayons or something to keep kiddos busy, right?I don't think I'll be going back.  Okay, maybe for beignets and possibly to try the gumbo.  But probably not for breakfast.  I'd rather have scones at Fat Angel or croissants at Rustic.  Truth be told, I'd be more likely to go to IHop for breakfast; I haven't been there for years, but at least it's cheap.
<review# 1857,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2011,1/4/2012,1,10,,3,2>Yes!  I love Laurel and Matt!  I've used Laurel's catering twice this year -- to create the desserts for my daughter-in-law-to-be's bridal shower, and to do a complete luncheon for 20 girlfriends on my 50th birthday.  Both times, everything was wonderful.  For the bridal shower, was able to pick up the desserts (strawberry shortcake, and amazing chocolate truffles) the night before and bring to the party myself.  For the 50th birthday, Laurel arrived at my house and assembled the entire feast for us . . . from napkins and drinks right on through to fabulous desserts.  Kind, creative, wonderful service throughout the entire process.  Lovely!  Will use them again the next time I need catering, for certain.
<review# 1858,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2010,1/3/2012,2,19,,5,1>I got married this June. Chris with Purple Monkey Photo Booth Rentals saved the day. I don't know too many of the details, but apparently he helped out the other vendors before the wedding began. I guess there was an almost nightmare, but Chris stepped in a solved everything. I can't say how grateful I am for that.Now, the photo booth. Wow. My guests loved it. The booth had a constant line of people waiting to take pictures.Some family members thought that I was crazy to add another expense to the big day, but they were in the booth more times than I could count. The next day when we looked at the scrapbook that guests created with the film strips and we all agreed that the booth was one of the best uses of our money. I felt like I had a window into a lot that I missed and now I have a keepsake that I actually like. Chris was great. He was very professional and dressed to the nines. I would recommend that any bride call Purple Monkey. It was a perfect addition to my wedding. Also, Chris mailed me a CD full of all of the pictures.  It's so nice to have a copy. Thanks Chris and Purple Monkey Photo Booth Rentals for the awesome job you did at my wedding!
<review# 1859,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2007,1/2/2012,131,6,2,2,4>These are a truly special treat.  Not only are they presented perfectly, they taste as good as well... My favorite is the Vanilla-Orange (think orange creamsicle), but you will also find me eating the Chocolate (which is odd, because I don't normally like chocolate), Apricot and Lemon flavors.  Who am I kidding, I eat all of the flavors.  I was first introduced to this at Woodlands Market, but then found them again at a birthday party and again when I stayed at the Ritz on the East coast.  I now order from Dragonfly for all of my events, get togethers or even random special occasions.
<review# 1860,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2010,1/1/2012,9,25,,3,2>My first experience with ITK was on the night when we prepared Italian Vegetarian Meals.  I am both Italian and Vegetarian, and I loved it!!  I feel like I could make any of the meals for dinner any night of the week, even the Tiramisu doesn't seem as scary anymore.Mona (chef) and Doug (owner) really got us cooking and chopping and making the meals from scratch.  When we walked in all the ingredients were laid out for us and the recipes where there to use, and they acted like our sou-chefs helping with questions, knife skills, and anything else we needed.  I liked that it wasn't a demo class, but that we asked questions along the way and learned by doing not listening.Then, after our creation of the beautiful dishes, we all got to sit down and eat and chat and drink wine together! (there is a great wine bar next door!)  And what a wonderful way to meet people, hang out with old friends, and just have a great home-cooked meal out of the house.I love to cook and I have only taken sushi making classes before, but this was so much fun because it is something that I can add to my list of things I like to pull together last minute.  Doing a class like this was a fun way to celebrate a birthday (the reason we went), but it would make a really great date-night, girls- night, or even just a "I don't have plans and want to get out of the house" night.Simply incredible!!  I can't wait to take another class sometimes soon . . . maybe Indian next time to round out my worldly culinary adventures :)
<review# 1861,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2013,12/14/2013,53,127,2,3,3>Cafe Cruiser is the BEST place to eat on Digital Dr. Everything's fresh, priced fairly, the owners are very helpful and motivated to help you have a good food experience. And as other reviewers have mentioned, their breakfast burritos ROCK! One BB, and you're rolling through the rest of the day with no need to fill up again--at least for me. And they have a fresh salad bar every day so you can make something healthy for yourself and not get a mid-day food hangover that drags you down and makes the rest of the day slog on.Since BioMarin's business end has moved to San Rafael, I'm no longer making regular visits, unfortunately. Miss you, Cafe Cruiser!
<review# 1862,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2013,12/13/2013,248,493,4,6,5>Epitome of freshness and extremely welcome in the land of Chinese food.Gloppyness and greasiness be gone, enter bright, crisp and light flavors.That's the beginning of things to love about Tommy's Wok. That and the clean cheerful surroundings, the helpful staff and number one; all vegital ingredients are organic and all meat ingredients are free range, beef grass fed. To me this is a very important feature and I know I am not the only one saying so!We got the Crab Fried Won Tons, the Lemongrass Chicken, Mongolian Beef and Won Ton Soup. All items were just so refreshing from the Chinese food that I am used to, that aftertaste, the stickiness and fakeness - none of that is present here. Just good honest flavors made from ingredients that fit the same description.The food is not over the top, it is not stop your heart fantastic, but it is head and shoulders above any place around these parts!
<review# 1863,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2013,12/12/2013,352,403,2,8,3>JJ's is a great family owned burger spot that opened up in Novato recently.  They've got a large selection of specialty burgers on their menu, which can be made with turkey burger patties or grilled chicken.  On my first visit, owner John Carter was manning the grill, and cooked us up some perfect burgers.  I tried the Big Blue (blue cheese) burger and loved it.  JJ's is easily one of my favorite burgers in Marin at the moment.  I'll be back to try some of the other burgers on their menu.
<review# 1864,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2013,12/11/2013,765,333,2,9,6>I could eat the Kale Salad daily - that good!  I want one of these in Mill Valley - like yesterday!  KALE SALAD- I ordered the Kale salad adding only chicken.  The salad itself was exactly what I wanted: big beautiful organic greens, fresh corn, pepitas, jicama, radish, and tasty black beans.  I didn't dress the salad because the beans were seasoned enough, and everything was fresh enough to enjoy clean.  Also, the dressing wasn't for me.  I prefer more acid and a richer oil.  i'm not sure what was in that dressing, it was not straight up EVOO --maybe straight up Canola or Canola with a splash of EVOO? Whatever, it didn't need it.  TORTILLASI received a small and warm foil package with my order.  The enclosed flour tortillas tasted fresh made for me - like the kind you buy raw and make at home --- LOVE THESE!  Will order a side with my salad, next time.  All flour tortillas should taste like this!  SCENEIt was nice, clean, and quiet.  I wish I'd have brought my books, because it's the type of place I like to study in.  Definitely would return. SERVICE: Prompt TIP Check-in on Yelp, and get a free drink with your order.
<review# 1865,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2013,12/10/2013,22,50,,2,2>I really like this location. Selection is nice for clothing and apparel. I just got the new Mike's Bikes kit which is awesome. They have clinics where they teach you how to fix your own bikes as well as multiple group rides. I recommend the Pan Toll group ride every Wednesday at 6 pm. It hurts so much, but is so fun.
<review# 1866,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2012,12/9/2013,50,83,,3,1>No Name bar is a combination of locals and visitors who create a comfortable and fun atmosphere. Being surrounded by live music every night, beer, and few friends is the best way to spent time. Bartender Lion is awesome who can make anything you want. You can wash down beer with fresh hot pop corn and enjoy the night.
<review# 1867,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2013,12/8/2013,0,10,,1,1>Stout Brothers has improved tremendously since the first time I went there 2 years ago. THe wait staff are knowlegable, the drinks are exquisite, and the food is excellent! Every dish ive got from there so far has been a treat, so far my boyfriend got the Bangers and mash (cooked to perfection), the Rueben was our favorite because the sour kraut was not too overpowering and the pastrami was well prepared, and their steak is also a good dish to get. All in all a good investment for a dinner or just a night out for drinks.
<review# 1868,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2013,12/7/2013,43,116,,2,1>Wow, fresh yummy salads and decadent desserts! Best salmon salad ever! The hubby likes clam chowder and it was the best he has ever had. Comfy, clean upscale but relaxed atmosphere. Windows in the front completely open in nice weather. Awesome.
<review# 1869,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2013,12/6/2013,39,90,2,2,2>My favorite spot for a real American dinner style brunch in Marin!I've been hearing about Fred's for years and how wonderful their Fried French Toast was, but I was plenty happy at hitting up my old favorites every weekend. Once Easy St. shut down their second cafe it was time to finally give Fred's a try and I'm very sorry I never did before. As with all American Dinners there is nothing too special about the food. Its all about quality and doing it right every time. Fred's does that very well and in a wonderful small cafe setting. You can sit at the bar enjoy your food while chatting with the staff, of grab a seat at one of the large tables and chat with whomever you get seated next to!If you need a recommendation and don't mind taking a few years off your life try the Fred's Fat French Toast with Millionaires bacon. Good luck!BTW, if you're in SF hit up Sweet Maple's! It's their sister cafe.
<review# 1870,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2013,12/4/2013,0,35,,1,1>Best sandwich place at the Town Center. I got the Turkey sandwich which tasted amazing. The juices were flowing all around in my mouth and rejuvenated my tired and frail body.The price is a little steep for the portion they give you, but you can tell they use only the best possible ingredients. The seating arrangements are vast. You can sit outside where they used to put the Thanksgiving Turkey, or you can sit on the inside. The restaurant was very clean and the service was great. I'm definitely coming back.
<review# 1871,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2008,10/26/2010,34,69,,6,1>I enjoy supporting my local businesses so I have used Vanda Floral design for various little occasions. The owner Bryce is very nice and always helpful. The flowers are always beautiful, fresh and last for a long time. We had some beautiful flower lei's made for my sister when she graduated. I ordered flowers from them to decorate my mother's 50th birthday party and received several compliments.  Most recently I attended the wedding of some very good friends who had all their floral arrangements done by Vanda and it was so beautiful. I always do and always will feel confident using and recommending Vanda for all floral needs.
<review# 1872,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2010,10/25/2010,0,41,1,2,2>Had a rats'-nest 'do going for far too many months.  Waited to go to Nancy, finally made it over to see her last week.  People have been complimenting me on her work all week, nothing fancy just a solid cut.  She deserves a big tip!  She also gave me an awesome facial massage, which I highly recommend after a super close shave.
<review# 1873,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2006,10/24/2010,24,38,,7,5>When my best friend had a bird obsessed cat, she and I were making the pilgrimage to Wildcare a few times a month with bloody, broken birds in shoe boxes. When you drop an animal off there, they'll give you a tracking number and you can call them and check in on the animal. If the animal survives, you can ask to be there when the animal is released. They will try to release the animal where the rescuer found them.If you're the type who has to do something when you see an animal in distress put Wildcare's 24 hour/365 days a year hotline number on  speed dial: 415-456-7283.Also, the "Found an animal?" link from the home page of their website (wildcaremarin.org) has advise for just about every type of wildlife you might encounter.Wildcare doesn't discriminate! They'll accept all animals, even the ones considered pests. I found out about Wildcare because I had found a beautiful stark white pigeon with a broken wing and Wildcare was the only organization who could take him. SF Animal Care and Control gave me their number because Animal Care and Control would have had to kill him.
<review# 1874,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2010,10/23/2010,1,16,1,2,3>Yeah yeah yeah, good cupcakes. No argument. What people don't know is they do a Teeny Cake. Ok, so it's not that teeny. To be honest, we compare things too often to tasteless bland sheet cakes purchased at the 3 ring circus I lovingly know as Safeway. In reality, this cake was plenty for several people. And the taste...ladies, 3 words: O P Rah! It is amazing. If you are willing to splurge it is definitely worth it.
<review# 1875,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2009,10/22/2010,9,25,,1,1>This place was fabulous!The main negatives were the wine recommendations and the parking.We came here for a birthday and it was very easy to get a reservation.  They suggested ordering the dessert prior to the food so the birthday girl was surprised (brilliant)!  The prices are amazing, nothing over 21$.  And to top it all off it was very cute and intimate without feeling like I was sitting with the strangers next to me.The food was decedent, simple, and very well done.  The little details and care put into choosing the menu is very apparent when you get served a to-die-for mac and cheese with white cheddar and gruyere.  Be aware that all of the food was very rich, but the portions aren't too overwhelming, so you don't get too much overload.  Also their menu on-line isn't what is in the restaurant because the serve local and in-season foods.
<review# 1876,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2010,10/21/2010,41,8,,9,1>Film Night in the Park tips:*Film Night in the Park is popular.  Get there early and enjoy the pre-movie experience: plan a small picnic with wine, snacks, etc.*Suggested donation is $6/adults, $3/kids (at the time of this writing.)  Give to a good cause.  You might also win the pre-movie raffle.*Popcorn and candy is $1 (at the time of this writing.)  How can you go wrong?*No matter how hot it was during the day, when the sun goes down it cools off.  Bring a cozy blanket or a sleeping bag.  Maybe even a sweater and a winter hat.*If you have them, bring those low beach chairs.  You won't have to sit on the hard ground and you won't be blocking anyone's view.*Count on a lot of kids running around.  Remember that Film Night in the Park is about the experience.  Have fun.*The bathrooms are about a block away at the Town Hall.  Plan accordingly.*The movies are at night.  The lights don't come on after the movie is over.  Bring a flashlight in case you drop your keys or cell phone.
<review# 1877,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2010,10/20/2010,340,166,16,21,23>I have been anticipating my visit to this salon for quite awhile now, one of the most yelped about hair cutters this side of Portland's The Parlour.  I have long known about Studio B's steady fanbase, and there is a mysticism that buzzes in this salon that makes you wonder, but it's hard not to notice the bright attitudes of the staff and how they take every aspect of their job very seriously.  And it's a fun time.  Especially Amanda L's great attitude and professionalism, both exhilariating and refreshing.It must be about 85% of the people on this planet who relate getting a haircut with having to run an errand, as if it's just something that needs to be done.  There is no joy in it, necessarily, and the end result is satisfactory or adequate at best.  And then there's the 15% who know it's more than merely taking shears to their head when it reaches an unwanted length.  No, they believe that it is as uplifting an experience as finding one's self in meditation.  Like smoking a hand-rolled cigarette after lovemaking or the mad love discovery of eating a lamb gyro.  I have walked into hair salons expecting to be wrapped in that straitjacket while trying to give a speech on how I want my hair, how many inches off in the back, how many millimeters above the ear, how I wanted it parted and styled, before realizing that the person standing behind me was going to cut my hair however they damn well pleased.  And that might probably be because I'm the worst at telling anyone how I want my hair to look.  A trigger in my brain closes and my tongue swells.  I give a couple of one-word utterances as clues to a riddle and nod at the mirror with a lost smile.  I can't imagine how many hair stylists I have frustrated in the past.  I have been part of the complacent and disillusioned for so long, that getting the proper treatment from Amanda L. was a complete surprise.  Like many others that have opened that big black door to Studio B for the first time, my presumptions were shattered.  I know it sounds silly but believe me, there are a lot of us out there.  We have no idea someone like Amanda exists.  She took care of me.  Amanda knew there was some uncertainty by the way I was flailing my arms above my hair and pointing at my head with barely a complete sentence coming out of my mouth.  She knew how to proceed.  She has tools in her bag for trimming hair that's straight or curly, short or long, thin or crazy fuzzball.  She took control and made the experience a very fun one.  It was more than just a trim, but a day brightener.  I don't miss the old hair at all.  Haven't even given it a second thought.  I'm comfortable in the new look and stoked that I can finally see the light.  Awesome: You can schedule your haircuts with Amanda L. in advance at Schedulicity.com.
<review# 1878,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2010,10/18/2010,79,356,,,3>When we moved away from L.A., I was so sad to leave behind the restaurants I loved there.  At the top of the list of places I miss terribly is Mozza, which serves up some of the very best pizza in the country.  I thought I'd never find pizza that good out in the Bay Area burbs and had resigned myself to eating sub-par pies for all eternity.  Then I discovered Pizzeria Picco.  I'm not saying their pizza is as good as Mozza's, but it comes pretty close.  Thank you, Pizzeria Picco, for letting me love pizza again.I ordered the Marin pizza.  No sauce, topped with thinly sliced & crispy potato, mozzarella and rosemary oil.  Wow... so, so good.  The crust on this pizza was perfect.  Thin and crispy, but not TOO thin and crispy.  The pizza was incredibly flavorful and indulgent.  I loved every last bite.  I have no comments on the physical restaurant because we took the pizza to go, but I can guarantee that I'll be back to order more food here soon.  This is some seriously delicious pizza.
<review# 1879,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2010,10/16/2010,175,80,8,14,14>I owe this place an update... since it's a favorite of friends and co-workers both, I've found myself here a lot more frequently lately, and have noticed a definite improvement in the food. The improvement has been so marked, in fact, that El Incanto has become a favorite of mine, as well. The margaritas are great, their burritos and tamales are both good as well, and the bartenders and bussers provide phenomenal service. Their salsa is also of note, and they have some pretty reasonable lunch specials.I still don't like the guacamole, but have definitely seen fit, through repeated experiences, to bump this place up to four stars. Great job, guys!
<review# 1880,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/9/2010,10/15/2010,286,390,3,4,3>I wasn't super impressed with bryan's fine foods. My premade sammie was expensive for the size and contained dry turkey slices and not enough cranberry sauce to add any significant cranberry flavor. Still on the hunt for my favorite Sammie place in southern Marin.
<review# 1881,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2009,8/17/2010,100,150,2,4,4>Really super little brunch spot.  Went there yesterday at 10:00 am and sat right away.  At 10:30 there was a little wait.I had the smoked salmon benedict, a mimosa and a soy cap.Poached eggs were perfection. Mimosa with fresh squeezed OJ was redonk. Great place to eat then stroll around downtown Mill Valley for a little retail therapy.
<review# 1882,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/23/2010,8/13/2010,175,80,23,20,20>This is what I like to call a "Cinderella Bar"... it's a great, laid-back, chill place to hang with friends... the drinks are pretty reasonable, and the DJ plays some pretty decent music...... right up until midnight, when the Douchebag Brigade rolls in, and the music changes, it suddenly becomes difficult to get a drink, and the bar takes on the atmosphere of a Jersey Shore episode.All-in-all, a cool place, so long as you get out before it turns into a pumpkin.On a side note, I wouldn't recommend losing a shoe in here: the floors are sticky!
<review# 1883,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2010,8/12/2010,286,390,4,5,5>Romantic, private, relaxing, beautiful and reasonable! Yes, all of these can be found under the stars at F Joseph Smith Massage Therapy Center (not to be confused with *the* Joseph Smith, the founder of Mormonism). My honey and I rolled up on a Saturday night expecting it to be crowded. To our delight, the place was calm and pretty empty. We paid, got shown around, quickly underdressed and submerged ourselves in the tub. On first touch, the tub seemed too cool however upon further experimentation, proved to be the perfect temperature. We chatted, snuggled, looked up at the trees and stars and generally had a lovely time. F Joseph Smith Massage Therapy Center is a must for date night and out of town guests. Happy tubbing!
<review# 1884,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2010,8/11/2010,252,234,4,9,9>P/30 is one of those places that you want to keep it a secret because it's so delicious, but after all the rave reviews, everyone is wanting to find out what all the buzz is about. SoCo people all want to be a part of "what's in" P/30 is "in", so be prepared to wait. They are a SMALL restaurant. The food is FANTASTIC. The service is WONDERFUL. I think last night was my 8th time going in.. I shouldn't review anymore but after all the chatter about deleted reviews and lame, unnecessary complaints about the rude service and not taking reservations: I feel inclined to go to bat for this place. Running a business is difficult especially is Sonoma County and at this time; they are brave. There are so many wonderful places to eat around here and frankly we are spoiled rotten brats, but there is no need to act like that.So here, go to P/30 if you:Want to have a nice dinner with your "other half" Want delicious flavored foods that are creative and CheapWant great and friendly serviceWant to try something newDon't want to break your bankThings to consider:They are small, popular and everyone wants to eat at the same time as everyone else.. so there will always be a wait, that's a goodx thing for them.Parking is limited, carpool if you are going with friends.Call ahead and if you cannot get in, try again later, it's not the end of the world.. It's a good thing.The food is worth every minute you will wait. Sip on something, stand in a corner, there may not always be space for you to sit and wait. I stood with my guy and waited patiently by the door until space at the bar cleared.. was it kind of chilly, sure but my fault for not wearing a jacket, I'm not going to yell at them about it. I always found that if I wanted to dine somewhere bad enough there was an ovbious reason.. and waiting was not an issue. Other things:The Madarin cheesecake with candied hazelnuts is pure bliss..And of course everything else. Best part I think about our experience last night was my guy got to geek out with one of his cyclist idols: Scott Nydam. Cute.
<review# 1885,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/17/2009,8/10/2010,415,316,5,7,9>I didn't even realize they had a full bar until this past weekend.... Did you guys know that? I sure didn't. I went with a friend yesterday after watching the PGA. Tucked way in the back on the opposite side of the deli is real counter with a real full bar and dim lights to match. Pavel is the bartender from what I understand most of the time and he is very nice and very accommodating. We ordered some food and I just had a diet coke, my friend however had a couple of drinks. I had a wrap and it was good. My friend had a small Greek salad and also a side of tuna fish. Pavel was running both the bar and getting our food. It is sorta nice to have another option on 4th Street in San Rafael if you want to eat and also have a drink.
<review# 1886,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2010,8/8/2010,143,100,6,12,11>I'm writing this in the beginning of July 2010, and I've already taken four spa days at Solage this year.I just love it.I've been getting the couples "Mudslide" mud treatment, mineral bath, sugar scrub, and an extended 90-minute massage. There's a geo-thermal heated pool that you can use at no extra charge, and I like to lounge in the warm water before (just arrive an hour before your first treatment is scheduled) and after the spa treatments (you can stay as late as 8pm when they close).I really recommend doing this as a couples experience. Starting with the mud treatment, you can have fun slathering mud (scented with essential oils) all over each other. Then you lay side-by-side in a room heated to about 110 degrees and the mud dries and bakes on you. Then you shower off by turning on the ceiling showers (yes, the whole ceiling is a shower!).Next is the mineral bath where you get to sit neck deep in (separate side-by-side) old-school bathtubs. The bath salts are luxe. Again, it's much nicer sharing the experience as a couple.Afterwards, you get bundled up in down comforters and lay on countoured lounges that have subwoofers attached underneath you. Put on the eye mask to block out the light, and put the headphones on for the relaxing new-age, spa-type music. The subwoofers vibrate the low frequencies throughout your whole body and you feel like you're floating, surrounded by music.The sugar scrub is my favorite part of the whole day. You know that satisfying feeling you get when you scratch an itch? Well, imagine that feeling all over your whole body. That's exactly how good it feels when the therapist exfoliates your whole body with scented sugar scrub.After a quick outdoor, open-air shower, then it's time for the 90 minute massage. Afterall of that, you just feel like jello. I like to lounge at the pool for a couple of hours afterwards and just stare at the clouds drifting by and listen to the birds chirping.If you have a light lunch at SolBar at 11:30am, lounge in the pool for an hour from 12:30pm, start the treatments at 1:30pm, lounge at the pool from about 4pm to about 6pm -- it ends up being a whole day affair. Then have dinner someplace else in the Napa Valley (I recommend Terra if you want to continue in luxury and tranquility, or Go Fish if you want something livelier).I love how totally tranquil and isolated the spa feels -- as if there are only a handful of people within a hundred miles. There are contoured sandstone lounges that you can lay on and feel the heat radiating from below. And if it gets too hot, there are spacious cabanas (each has its own mini-fridge) with overhead fans. Also, there are steam saunas in the locker rooms, and clothing optional pools outside.I see in some of the other reviews that some people would like food and bar service, but personally, I'm fine without it. As I mentioned, I usually have a light lunch at SolBar (believe me, you don't want to eat a big heavy meal before the spa treatments), and then I plan for dinner somewhere afterwards.I think the service is great! Everyone is warm and attentive, but also polite and professional -- exactly as it should be.Is it expensive? Yes, it is. But as someone said -- life is too short for cheap spas. Me, I can't wait to go back.
<review# 1887,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/3/2010,8/7/2010,83,446,,3,1>Two of us went there for lunch today. I was instantly happy with the decor. The food was good, with a few caveats. I am a supertaster, so take what I say with a grain of salt...pun probably intended. The prawn ceviche seemed like I would have liked it, had it not been uber limey & vinegary. It was way too sour/salty for my delicate taste buds.  Lime alone would have been better. I had the crab and avocado salad. The crab was the mushed up kind that comes in a California Roll. That was an interesting departure as crab salads go. The avocado could not have been more perfect. However, the dressing was very salty, in an uber salty soy way. We thoroughly enjoyed their sweet potato fries...nice crunchy thin ones. Our server, Mark, was delightful. He was very helpful about what to order, and patient. My husband got the wasabi bowl with raw poke tuna (opah). He liked it, but next time will get less rice and some salad in the bowl (an option). We didn't try the dessert, and will possibly revise this after our next experience there. I will say they have an extensive menu with very interesting options, many of the Asian persuasion. It's nice that you can get a meal there any time of the afternoon.
<review# 1888,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2010,8/6/2010,43,34,3,7,3>I found myself in Cotati running errands one afternoon without much time to spare and a serious jones for a big burrito. Not knowing the local Mexican scene, I am grateful Yelp Mobile directed me here.A Super burrito with pollo asado was practically the size of my calf and delicious through every bite. I ate myself into agony by the time I was halfway through and was pretty much useless all afternoon in the throws of food coma. The flame roasted tortilla must have been the size of a spinnaker before it was wrapped around all the goodness. Probably the best thing that happened to me all day.
<review# 1889,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2009,8/5/2010,96,27,1,8,4>The formula to this neighborhood mexican gem is quality food, awesome service and fair prices equals over 30 years of success. The guac is tops and the chips are fried corn triangles of heaven. I'd stick to basics here, go for a combination plate (pick your own items and it all comes with superb beans and rice and a small salad). The chile rellanos are among the best I've had, and I've shopped around on anything involving cheese and sauce. Drink prices are cheap, cheap, cheap and the owners are almost always on hand to ensure you leave happy.There aren't any bongo wielding sombrero wearing musicians or a fancy patio like The Cantina, but for Terra Linda Lovers, this place has  us saying "mas!"
<review# 1890,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/28/2010,8/4/2010,87,152,11,7,6>I suppose one must really, really, really like raw foods to fully appreciate this place.  To me it still qualifies as very expensive, creative, gourmet, rabbit food.  Stellar desserts.  Vegans have a special relationship to sugar.
<review# 1891,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2008,6/8/2009,19,11,7,9,8>In the age of amazon and online retail, Copperfields stands resolute as  a  bookstore that has withstood the test of time.  I find myself magnetically drawn to it when I am walking by in downtown.  They have something to offer bookworms of every stripe, from the latest graphic novel to that worn and battered copy of Ulysses that you bought to fool people into thinking you are verbally hip.  You are guaranteed a good read if you pick at random from their massive selection of staff picks at the front. I managed to read  good romance, science fiction, and horror novels from this method.  The added sweetness is the ancient used bookstore that lies within the basement of the building. They have a sweet collection of Coffee-Table Books so you can always buy that "Mullets of America" book that you so badly wanted. Their prices are reasonable, and they will even buy your used  books for store credit or cash. All in all this place is a literary feast.
<review# 1892,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2008,6/7/2009,19,48,4,3,4>OK, so I too was wanting to come here after reading the review in the Press Demo(which I loathe just so you know). Just a friend and I came here and it was perfect because there was only one two seater table available. The Black Cat next door was very busy as well. I so want this place to succeed. I really dig it. It's kinda frenetic, and well humble yeah but I really liked it. The stand out service is definitely noteworthy. Our server and other staff were super friendly and actually excited about the food! I admit I wanted to try the tot pie but I eat like that at home too often already,so I decided to get the yummy sounding Steak Sandie. My friend got the same and I also got the house made strawberry soda and threw in a splash of creme at the suggestion of our server. It was delicious! We both really liked the steak sandie, although the bread was a little hard for my taste. Overall though very good. The steak was a lovely medium rare, and I just wanted a little more horseradish(love it!!). The pie, oh my. There was only 1 piece of strawberry left and we got it. Good thing, because I guess my friend hates bananas which was in the other two choices. It was delicious! The crust was fabulous. So good! It was served with ice cream and reading about the apple ginger pie, I know I will have to at least come back soon for some pie...if not some tot pie.
<review# 1893,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2008,6/5/2009,4,13,4,5,5>COLETTE IS THE BEST!!! She is so careful and takes her time waxing my eyebrows. She waxes first, then goes over it with tweezers. I've had past mishaps with eyebrow waxing at the little nail place I used to go to. I consistently asked her not to wax between my eyebrows, as I was noticing she was taking off way too much, and my brows were getting further and further apart. Then one day, the lady just waxed off half my eyebrow!!!!!! I switched to Colette and she's been helping to nurse my eyebrows back to almost normal shape and size. We're almost there! I highly recommend Collette for any facial/waxing needs! She's WONDERFUL!!!!
<review# 1894,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2008,6/3/2009,155,397,4,5,4>Not only are the owners and workers of this little gem a delight but the prices are good, the place is clean and the people that frequent it are super nice. They have a good energy in the place and go out of their way to provide a fun, comfortable place to party and also encourage safe partying. ALSO, their new restaurant that is connected Humble Pie is AWESOME. They have nummie treats like home made tater totes! This is the regular stomping ground for my sister and her friends so I go occasionally and join in on their fun. I love this place and love the ladies who own it. Being a "lesbian" bar has no affect on those who decide to go party here, you can party here and be treated equally regardless of your sexual preference, age, gender or other distinguishing characters or your person.
<review# 1895,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2009,6/2/2009,35,77,5,8,7>I guess my wedding dinner was so expectational one of my guest at the party threw her engagement party at Chrysanthemum last week! I was a bit surprised but again excited that she was having it at one of my favorite restaurants.She decided to have an engagement lunch and this time the waitress converted the entire first dinner room into one long table for about 20 guest. She also set up a table for drinks and another for gifts and dessert. It was really beautiful with great food. We had eggrolls, cashew chicken. veggie chow mien, salt and pepper pork, hunan beef and honey walnut prawns. Wowee....the honey walnut prawns were amazing I can't believe I never had them from here. The sauce is thick creamy and rich, it not a everyday dish but really special. The crunchy glazed walnuts was also a texture to the entire dish.Thanks Chrysanthemum for another delicious event.
<review# 1896,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2009,6/1/2009,2,7,5,6,7>I like this place for the fast and friendly service, and the menu which allows you to choose a healthy entree and side orders.  I particularly like their chicken skewers with couscous.  I also like the fact that they encourage mix and match choices, so you can customize according to your preferences; having 1 or more skewers, substituting rice with couscous, etc.  It's nice to have the option of eating in or taking out.  I love having the option of a casual dining spot with some Mediterranean specialties in Marin County.  I think that the prices are reasonable too.
<review# 1897,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/27/2009,5/31/2009,0,47,4,4,4>They restaurant is well themed inside and tastefully done. We sat down in the front and quickly froze are butts off due to drafty windows, once we moved, we felt better.  We then ordered tamales with prawns, a vegetable platter and rice and beans. The food was without a doubt five stars, but the portions were small. For example, one scoop of rice costs $3.00...one scoop! The bill was $40.00 and we left hungry. With Mi Pueblo right next door serving burritos for $6.00, it's hard to justify these prices, but then again, they're not competing with Mi Pueblo. This is a high-end Mexican eatery, which just happens to be next to a burrito place; two different types of eating experiences.
<review# 1898,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2009,5/30/2009,20,127,5,8,7>Who would think a restaurant in the Travelodge would be any good let alone great? This place enforces the old adage about judging a book by the cover. A true gem in my opinion!!Living within 1 mile of the restaurant, I order take-out often, but love the interior as well. Although a little on the expensive side, the Vegetarian Royal Feast is enough food to last me for 3 whole days breaking down to $8/meal! The Naan is excellent and the vegetarian samosas served with the customary sauces are good enough alone to lure me into the restaurant on the way home from work. I don't know the history of the restaurant inside the Travelodge, but continue to love the anomaly!
<review# 1899,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2009,5/28/2009,83,466,4,5,5>Finally... unsweetened soy, balanced smooth rich espresso. Soy latte Win! I enjoyed some local musical talent here the other day and have been working my way through the assortment of baked goods they carry - so far so good. Croissants are great if you can nab one in the morning when they're soft and flakey.
<review# 1900,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2009,5/27/2009,117,30,13,12,12>I've been to the Lighthouse, oh, I dunno, 4 or 5 million times. Everyone knows me by name and treats me wonderfully, which makes me feel like a champion and scholar. Gerner and Annette are the owners, are great people, and if there's any confusion about their nationality are most definitely Danish, not Norweigan or Finnish or Greek, as is their son and bar manager, Ken, although he's been here for a while and doesn't sound like it. This is why there is a section of the menu called "The Danish Connection", and why they have Danish meatballs, not Norweigan meatballs :-).I've had everything on the menu and never had something I didn't like, but my definite standbys for breakfast are the chicken and bacon omelet, the eggs and hamburger patty breakfast (2 eggs any style, home fries, a 10 oz, high quality patty and toast for $8.75 in MARIN. I mean, how can you beat that?) and for lunch/dinner, the king is definitely the Big Bacon cheeseburger, which is served on a Bordenave's roll and I would dare say is a couple of notches better than Barney's burgers next door.A few things you should know before you order: the portions here are BIG. I'm a prolific eater and man over 200 lbs and always leave satisfied. Omelets are made with three eggs and stuffed with stuff. The pancakes, which are delicious and made with fresh fruit are bigger than the plate. One is plenty, two is a lot and if you eat three you might want to check if you have a tapeworm. A little known fact is that there's a great little sedate bar scene here in the evenings, usually with Ken and a lot of regulars. He's an AWESOME mixologist, carries a lot of top shelf alcohol and can make some very interesting and delicious concoctions. Try the espresso martini in particular. They are also the only place I know of around that has Carlsberg on tap, which is awesome.The point is, it's good, go here, eat outside if it's nice, don't feed the pigeons.
<review# 1901,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2007,5/6/2008,289,378,3,13,10>I love doodlebug. The owner is so warm and friendly.  I was really sad when the flooding completely took out San Anselmo Avenue (the other year) and I couldn't visit my lil bug for months!!!They leave a dog bowl outside.The first time I walked in, they explained the process to me, and took me to the paints and told me about the differences. I experimented with a ceramic tile. I hunched over my tiles for hours... paint, paint, blowdry, and there were no complaints.Its funny how something so simple is so therapeutic. My tile painting graduated to sushi plates, and large platters for gifts.  It takes a week to get your piece fired and glazed, so it gets addicting when you come back to pick up you want to do more...There are many things little ones can do - mugs, piggybanks and seasonal things.There is a pottery class, mosaic class and they do parties too!They sell gifts too if you want to pop in for that - its a beautiful place to be in and create for adults and kids alike.
<review# 1902,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2007,5/4/2008,23,15,5,6,5>I have to say this place is damn near perfect for mom who likes to dine out with her young..Open with lots of sunshine, the place feels clean and welcoming right off the bat.  The wait staff is patient and nice, and if you have kids with you, they'll  bring you a little basket of crayons and paper as soon as you sit down.  As for the food itself, they have a great kids menu with a fair amount of healthy choices (and freaking Mickey Mouse pancakes! Seriously, love you!) and the grown-up menu is diverse and almost universally yummy . I had some chorizo and eggs concoction which I devoured so fast it occurred to me to look over my shoulder to see if my Cookie Monster frenzy made a spectacle, apparently no, unless the other patrons were just to damn polite to stare (clearly possible).  Pleasantly, if you eat in, they also have a little booze in the form of belinis and mimosas which are a nice way to take the edge off the chaos attendant to keeping your 2 year old together during an hour meal (not to mention the hooch always makes mommy so clever).I mean, my God, they even deliver!
<review# 1903,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2007,5/3/2008,149,96,3,2,3>Ok first off - Mill Valley?  I seriously think this is the cozy, snug little town that time forgot.  If it weren't for the Starbucks and Bank of America in the center of town, I might have been convinced that I'd entered a time warp after crossing the Golden Gate Bridge.  Quaint & adorable but quick get me outta there before Steve Buscemi starts reading me poetry (draw appropriate "BIG FISH" reference, please)Here's the deal: "Small Shed supports local, organic and sustainable farming. All of their meat products are nitrate-free and hormone-free."No guilt pizza & mac n' cheese - Hot damn, lets get busy.  (sorry, I meant flatbread)We started with the Mac & Gru (penne & piping hot gruyere = heaven) and the meatballs (passed on those as I'm not a "cow"-girl) but they seemed to be a pleaser.On to the pizzas... oh, I apologize.  FLATBREADS:Aubergine - eggplant, peppers, & oregano leaves - 3.5 stars, nothing too daring but tastyBlue Bread = French-made, Spanish-style blue cheese (I am always a sucker for bilingual mold), prosciutto, sliced tomato. (Yes, I picked off the prosciutto, nitrates or not, no pig for me - sue me)  Still incredibly tasty - 4.5 starsAnd please, for your sake - please please please let them have the Fig Flatbread on special.  It is magical.  It is delicious.  Its magically delicious.  It is unforgettable.  It is crave-able.  TEN STARSTotally affordable - 4 of us ate well and there was much to take home.  If you're a local - consider yourself incredibly lucky to be in the vicinity of this place.  If you're from out of town, pack a GPS system and look for the time travel icon.  Small Shed Flatbread is just beyond.
<review# 1904,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/15/2008,5/2/2008,352,403,6,7,5>I came here for dinner one night when Saigon Village was closed for Vietnamese new year.   Signature Thai has an interesting seating area where you can take off your shoes and sit on floor tables.  Be advised if you do this to wear thick socks as it is a bit cold this time of year.As far as novelties go, I can't pass them up, nor could I pass up this chance to walk around in public in my socks.  I tried their green curry, which for me is a litmus test of all Thai restaurants I go to.  The taste and flavor was good, but the quantity was underwhelming.  In fact the more I think about it, the angrier I get.  For the price I paid I expect more!
<review# 1905,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2008,5/1/2008,103,336,11,14,9>I loved it here.  It was never crowded.  The pilates classes I took were fun.  The staff motivated me to get in shape.  The fact that I could get a massage or other spa services made this place heavenly.  The reason I am no longer a member?  At $100/month, it became too rich for my blood.  My friends never let me hear the end of it.  "Oh, Ms. Fancy Pants belongs to a Fancy Pants gym in Fancy Pants Mill Valley."  For awhile, whenever we went out or anything, I wasn't allowed to complain that anything was "expensive."
<review# 1906,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2007,4/30/2008,158,122,5,6,7>In a dreamy haze of mist and rain most of the year, Headlands center for the arts offers artist residencies year round for a unique experience. The walls have been peeled down to reveal their under-structure and history, which is lovely in a rustic way.  When you arrive you really feel like you've come to an enchanting place far away.  I'm not surprised that people choose to get married here, it has such a rare feel of untypical beauty.Its not generally open to the public, but I highly recommend checking their website out and going out to see it during one of their special events, they have open studio days, where you can come and see the work that is being made there and meet the artists which is a really unusual and cool way to take in some art, culture, and nature.
<review# 1907,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2007,4/29/2008,4,14,1,3,3>Not to name names but, You people are missing the point!Embrace it!  The Sweetwater is a special place not because of it's premiere pampering luxury service or because of the internationally famous rock and roll stars that perform there.  It's special because it's a small friendly venue in Marin County where local (or not) musicians can come and play.  It's not a place where you need to load up on cologne put on your best shoes and act like g-damn Don Diego all the time, but one where you can relax and meet friendly people and explore different types of live music even if it's not the best band in the world.    If you just have to be treated like a prince or a princess by wait staff all the time and where ever you go, then I can assure you it's not the place for you, nor are 99% of bars I can think of in the world.  If your Cleopatra then go get drinks at the Rtiz-Carlton and free up some space at the bar for the fun people that aren't offended so easily.      Encountering bands or music you don't like here and there is part of the adventure into exploring new music.  Thats going to come with any venue.  So, it's best to do your research to see who might be playing the night before you arrive.  If you just cant stand southern rock for example then you might not want to show up on the night that "The Rattle Snake Zydeco Dandies" are playing.  Be responsible for your own research and don't depend on the venue to provide you and only you with exactly what YOU like each and every time YOU show up.    Anyway, it's sad to hear the Sweetwater's closing.  I've watched many friends perform there and have had some good nights throwing a few back and checking out music I've never experienced before.  I hope it bounces back so we can return again one day!
<review# 1908,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2007,4/28/2008,30,152,4,3,3>Holy Frijoles, Batman!I can't recommend this place highly enough. The food is delicious, and the decor is absolutely adorable.I had a fantastic platter of arroz con pollo that came with a little mixed green salad, a wedge of avocado, sweet AND savory plantains, and, of course, the aforementioned frijoles, which were cooked with big, fat green olives (an unexpected touch and nice surprise for me, the olive fiend). The piece de resistance was a giant jelly jar of freshly made, ice cold limeade, which was a perfect complement to the meal  - not too tart, not too sweet, perfectly refreshing..Just so you know what to expect: it is an order-at-the-counter style restaurant, and if you go during their busy lunch hours, you may have to share a table with other diners.Parking Tip: there is a public parking lot directly behind the restaurant on Third.Fun Fact: My friend who took me there (and is Puerto Rican)  told me that pregnant women love Puerto Rican food (especially from Sol), and during the hour we were there, I saw at least 5 pregnant women.
<review# 1909,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2007,4/27/2008,2,7,,5,4>If possible, it's even better than before! I was big fans of Gunther and Marc, and I certainly miss some of their classic dishes (filet mignon w/green peppercorn sauce, mmm) but the new chef is superb! Her slight variations on the dishes are excellent and well thought out. Each dish prepared perfectly.The food is outstanding and the service is impeccable. It's a pleasure to see Rell still there. Don't be scared of the price fixed menu, there are plenty of selections and they are very flexible with what you order. The wine list seems greatly unchanged and is still very deep.It's a great romantic spot and special occasion destination...but once a year just isn't enough. I think this is the best restaurant in Marin.
<review# 1910,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/24/2007,4/26/2008,20,91,4,7,8>This place is gold for the under 4 set. I have a super active toddler.  As a baby we could tour him around in his stroller to "real" musuems and we would sort of enjoy looking at stuff and chill out. But once he started walking it was all over.  And that being said, the zoo and the big kids places like Yerba Buena were still sort of over his head.  The BADS museum is just the perfect spot.  It is very low key and laid back kids museum - set up in various old barracks and former militray buildings at Fort Baker in Sausalito. (It is kind of fun to take the tots over to see the Coast Guard boats and marina and views of the bridge and the city when they tire of the museum stuff).  My son just adores this place -- everything is imaginatively set up a the toddler height, like all the tables of exhibits, etc. -- and designed to get them actively "doing" something in the exhibit, from crawling through stuff, to playing in a faux salmon river bed with plastic salmon to splash with, to waterbed like trampolines with lily pads, to an awesome train table - it is just a well-designed and thought out place.  It is also terrific at keeping their interest as they progress in development. We have gone back every 4-5 months since he started crawling and each time he falls in love with a different exhibit/building.  The monstrous and cool playground is also not to be missed with shipwrecks and pretend construction sites, it is just great.One minor drawback, the cafe is monumentally slow in service and kind of overpriced.  They have good fresh, organic food, etc. but just kind of mediocre service (and with hundreds of hungry kids wandering around at the lunch hour, the cafe line is ground zero for melting down children).  My advice is to get there (if nap schedule permits) right when it opens, and then hightail it out of there by 1pm.  The whining and crying cacophony of tired and hungry kids reaches its apex right around 1:30/2pm - mine included, so I am NOT judging, but just nice to duck out when the fever pitch hits its highest point.The toy store is also just awesome - pricey stuff but full of really great, handmade, wood toys and inventive and creative things you won't see in other "cheap, plastic, mass-`produced" chain stores.
<review# 1911,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2010,3/19/2010,39,179,10,15,5>I'm going to give P/30 five stars, but it's really a hard four.The ambiance is good. It's warm. Literally. I had to take off a few layers.The silverware and glassware (outside of wine glasses) are all "mismatched" and that's "fun!" Only it isn't. I want more than four ounces of water at a time. And guess what. Your tiny fork that probably has some wonderful history behind it? Right. That one. I can't use it because it's too small for my hand. Now I'm in the awkward position of having to ask for a new fork. Thanks. And you can just leave the large bottle of water on the table because I'm going to need some refills and you're slow. Thanks.I was in a group of four the other night, and after we were seated, handed menus, and brought water, a two-top next to us was seated. Then they ordered wine. Then they received their wine. Then they ordered their meals.We had done none of those things and we were running out of water. It was warm.Our drink order was taken more than twenty minutes after we were seated. Two glasses of wine from the by-the-glass section of the wine list which by the way, is altogether awful. A single beer. In a bottle. A french-press.About ten minutes later, we received our drinks. And then our server disappeared. We have yet to order. I had run out of water. AGAIN.Had we some bread and butter or olive oil or crackers or... raisins... it would have been easier to handle the neglect. The crayons and white butcher paper are cute, but they aren't a meal... or even a snack.Finally we order. I get an "Are you sure?" when I order a salad and two entrees. For myself. It was my understanding that the portions weren't large (see: smallish) and I wanted to taste a few items because I had heard wonderful things. I wanted to break into... "Yes I'm F'ING sure, I want what I ordered. Did it sound like a joke? Was it funny? Say that to an overweight customer and you're going to find yourself on your ass you incompetent mother..." But I didn't. I just said that I was in fact "sure."The salads came. They were definitely good, but nothing special. And freshly ground pepper was not offered. Only sad little pepper shakers (with matching salt!) were on the table... I was still out of water.The entrees came and it had been so long since we walked in the door that I was forgetting where I was. I was also dehydrated from the lack of water.The fried chicken was fantastic, but even better was the waffle and strawberry jam that came under and next to it. That jam is amazing. Seriously. AMAZING. I think that particular dish should be about half the size. It's a killer, and when you're under the impression that everything is average sized... it knocks you out. Still, it's very good.The seafood stew was a rip-off at $15, but it was also very good, and had a fresh taste that is often missing in seafood dishes locally which is ridiculous given our proximity to some quality product. Flavor? Amazing. Cost? A joke.My associate had the chicken pot-pie with biscuit top and it was good. It is served at roughly the temperature of molten lava, but after a bit, it's edible and is both savory and rich. The biscuit layer was great. Traditional and homestyle. The gristle we found wasn't delicious, but... it was there. That kind of ended our enjoyment of the pot-pie.Let's get back to the water issue. If you are going to give me a 4-ounce glass, leave the bottle. I am not going to be guilted into an overpriced ($5!) bottle of San Pellegrino because I feel bad that the service is inattentive. Also. Don't pour me tepid water. NO. Wrong. I want COLD water in a large glass. If the water you pour me isn't coming from a pitcher filled with ice, than you had better hope that it makes my glass sweat because otherwise it's too warm.Everyone in my group enjoyed their meal. Except for the gristle.Then... we waited... again... for the check. And when we got the check we waited for it to be picked up. And then we waited for... I can't even write about this anymore. We waited a lot. Get it?The lollipops were a nice touch.All in all, service aside, I feel like P/30 is a touch overpriced. The ambiance is nice, and I get what they're going for, but food and portion size has to rise to meet the price and while every item that we had was good if not great, there was a gap.I definitely recommend P/30, and I myself will return. It will work itself out, and the chef is obviously very, very talented. I want it to be known that I think that my experience suffered because of service, but I don't feel burned. I will return, and I will have a great meal. The menu is solid, the concepts fantastic, and the ambiance pretty sweet. My group had a strange experience, but none of us can say the food was bad. In fact it was above average. I hope you have read this far in the review because... I may have slapped the place in a few ways, but I still gave it five stars... Which it deserves.
<review# 1912,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2010,3/18/2010,26,112,3,6,5>I'm creating this review based on one night-- but one that will forever change my perspective on San Rafael bars.After a crap pint at Mayflower-- my group walked down the street to Pint Size Lounge. Behind the curtained doorway was a small but no-nonsense bar with a single bartender with a couple regulars hanging out. Bar highlights:1. Only beer and wine are available-- but that's all I'm looking for-- so to us, it was perfect. 2. There was indie hip hop and rock playing alongside fantastic, interesting wall art up that was complimentary to the place (the majority of the clown paintings are on a shelf above the other art). I loved every song Charlie(sp?) was playing on the jukebox. But it wasn't so loud that you couldn't talk with your friends though-- also nice.3. Plenty of comfortable seating for any size group. Everyone was pleasant and cool-- with groups at the bar and side tables playing pool. 4. There was no one jockeying to be seen, or being a drunken fool. It was perfect for hanging out.It was EXACTLY the vibe I was going for. Charlie was a fantastic bartender-- sweet, accommodating, and knowledgeable. I'm definitely going back on her nights there :DThis bar is a oasis in the Marin bar scene that this former SF resident can escape to. Fantastic!
<review# 1913,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2010,3/17/2010,141,176,4,7,4>Firstly, I apologize for this long review. It's more of what I should have wrote years ago.Still what I've come to expect as top notch. We like to make a point to come here at least once a year to find some flavor to broaden the horizons of our taste, which are very broad mind you.Last year that included a pureed soup of cauliflower with pan toasted green peppercorns, plumped sweet golden raisins (tasted more like fresh small sweet grapes), and toasted capers.Keep in mind this is an experience for the price and not just over spending for the food. I hear this complaint often, but it's best to keep in mind the once in a lifetime approach. I'm of the mind everything should be experienced at least once, and this one is on that once in a lifetime list.I was brought here for the opening by one of the line chefs who moved here from his home back east after being trained by the New York CIA (Culinary Institute of America, I laugh when people raise their eyebrow and exclaim "the Central Intelligence Agency?") and after working for some world class NY restaurants. That's not to say we got any special treatment but boy were we happy campers to get some of the inside scoop.In a nutshell, this is a place opened by two guys from SF when reviewing French Laundry and other such places thought "Hey, we can do that!"And honestly, we needed a place like this up on our side of Sonoma County Wine Country. It's nice to note I do like Ad Hoc and French Laundry, it's just this place is closer to home so I frequent it more often.Point of advice: if you go here, splurge for it all. And expect to spend between 350 to 500 a person. Yes, ridiculous, believe me I KNOW. But it's worth the old adage, if you're going to do something, do it right.We popped in for the first time without a reservation - on Valentine's Day last year. I was so bitting-my-fingernails worried that we wouldn't get a seat, even at the bar. We were standing at the door, inside the hotel, which the doorman was nice enough to allow us to do (apparently the hotel is used to that, and even come to expect it). We were the FIRST people to arrive, which let me tell you this is imperative to get a seat if you have no reservation (which often you must make at least a month before or longer). We were instantly seated in the front room. To note: if you don't get there early enough, the hotel has a small room to host others which still allows you to have drinks and open your bottle.That Valentine's Day we ordered from the  caviar cart and got dishes a la cart. Let me say, all were good, but we would never do this again. We "saved" money by ordered several individual dishes but it lacked the great experience of the tasting menu. The front room was still very nice with ambiance but just not the same. All in all, it still came to around 250 a person, and when we thought about it, paying 350 a person was so much better ... it was actually worth it. Mostly since we only did a couple of glasses of wine, and while the sommelier paired them well, it wasn't as we had come to expect from the whole tasting menu and pairing.I think a lot of people go in here trying to pay as little as possible and end up lacking in the experience. If you go here, go all out. That is to say, get the tasting menu with wine ($260) and the caviar cart (at the cheapest - paddlefish $20 for 1/2 oz) with 2 glasses of champagne (cheapest but quite great - Roderer $8.50 x 2). And there you go, with taxes and gratuity you're looking at 350 or so a person.Keep in mind, when we started going 4 or 5 years ago when it opened the chef's tasting menu was $100 and the tastings were $90. But both are now at $130 each. So yes, inflation does that.Phoning in ahead of time to have something like flowers waiting at the table is absolutely phenomenal and can be done for a nominal fee like $25 with the private company. Just keep in mind most companies in Healdsburg will do this; the restaurant doesn't open until 5 pm and most of the third party companies that provide things close by 5 pm - so arrange this at least a day early.The alcohol, like whiskeys, from around the world are served with the ice in which the whiskey is made from. That is to say, they ship the water with the whiskey. This is important to some connoisseur but all in all, with the Jack and Tony's having opened not imperative but still impressive.The other thing I love is to see what cocktails and concoctions they have come up with for drinks. It's always tasty and fun.No matter how much or how little you order, know you will go home full, and if you get the tasting menu, very, very full. Like you feel about to explode but in a good way.
<review# 1914,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2009,3/16/2010,174,143,4,9,8>He's dubbed "Mill Valley's Other Mayor". Misak is a leather genius and the fact that he remembers your shoes out of the maybe thousands of shoes laying around his little shop is incredible. He is kind, his prices are reasonable and his work un-matched. I wear high heels constantly and am always needing repairs, and, considering the current economic climate, won't be buying as many as I have in the past. I'll never take my shoes anywhere else. Why would I , when Misak is around???
<review# 1915,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2009,3/15/2010,108,54,7,9,6>Stafford Lake Disc Golf Course is not for the weak of heart or weak of arm. There was a brief period in my life where I was playing a lot of disc golf and considered joining the pdga. All of my hopes were crushed when I went out to the lengthy course that is Stafford Lake. As far as scenery goes you really cannot ask for more, and on those rare perfect days when it's not too hot and not too windy there are few places in Marin I'd rather be, the problem is this course is harder than an ancient Chinese riddle. I have played quite a few courses throughout the bay area and the holes on this one are by far the longest. This is great if you throw like Bruce Banner but for the normal people who don't have a steroid problem or don't pitch in the major leagues you may get tired and may get frustrated as your score soars. If you are not concerned with these things you will most certainly have a great time playing at Stafford. Go out with a good group of friends bring some water and maybe a snack, be weary of the poison oak and I can guarantee you a great time.
<review# 1916,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2009,3/14/2010,352,403,2,7,4>Not bad, I think the guy that runs Golden Omelet next door runs this place as well.  One of my coworkers recommended Anokha's lunch buffet, 9 bucks for all you can eat.  I stopped in with one of my coworkers to give them a try.  I think Anokha is pretty new, I've never noticed while driving down Grant ave, and the interior looks new.If you are coming for lunch, as always it's good to beat the lunch rush and show up 11:30-11:45.  This will end up paying dividends when you breeze through the buffet line.There are a number of vegetarian dishes, all of which were very good, and went great along with the rice.  They also had Curry chicken and Tandoori Chicken for their meat dishes.  I was thinking that they might have one or two really spicy dishes but the dishes were fairly mild.  This is definitely a good thing if you can't handle spicy.You have to be careful not to over eat, because all the food is so interesting and delicious.  The deserts were good, but very sweet.  Make sure to save a little room to try them.  The waiters were on top of it, I think they refilled my water glass about 5 times, bussed our used dishes and brought out more naan when we ran out.  I appreciate service like that.
<review# 1917,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2009,3/13/2010,99,207,3,8,2>After reviewing all of Elliot's yelp reviews I decided to venture out of the corporate service department and try out the San Rafael locals.  I have to say that I am VERY VERY happy with the outcome.I went in knowing that I needed basically a brake system overhaul.  I had gone over to another local shop a few months ago when I got new tires and they quoted me on brake pads, rotors and extra junk that didn't need to be done costing me 1700.00!! Uhmm.. NO!  I did not go back to that place nor do I intend to have them service the new tires.  Elliot took care of me within the first 15 minutes of me talking to him over the phone.  He had me come in for a quick estimate that made my wallet want to sing happy songs on top of Mt. Tam.  He showed me everything he was going to do and also did a complete check of my car.  He's been in the business for a while and specializes in VW's BUT he says he Loves Hondas, Toyotas, Volvo's, etc..He's a really nice guy and I like nice people!  I will definitely be going back to Elliot with any other car needs and I'd recommend him to anyone.
<review# 1918,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2009,3/12/2010,14,89,3,4,4>So, the Unagi Nigiri is biblical good.You ever eat something so good you don't actually want to stop chewing?This was seriously, quite possibly, the best thing I have ever put in my mouth. Really. Ever.Really.I don't think I can ever eat other eel again, now. I'm Minnie the Moocher, they've got the Gong.OK, real review stuff:PROS:-Larger sashimi and nigiri menu than most of the other sushi places around (at least almost all places in Petaluma). Everything we ordered on the menu (and we ordered sashimi, nigiri, rolls, sunomono...) was as good or better than we expected.-Their rolls are a lot longer than the competition's.-Beautiful wood decor, rice paper curtains, fresh flowers at the table, elegant tableware.-real tea leaves in the green tea! A big sign of quality.CONS:-Despite all the effort they've put into making the place visually beautiful, there's really only one crowded dining room to eat in. It;s noisy, and you can hear your neighbors clearly. Not romantic.-Slightly pricier than nearby restaurants, however, the quality also seems to be slightly higher, and they do give you more pieces per roll.
<review# 1919,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2009,3/11/2010,86,345,2,3,3>Located at the busy corner of Highways 116 and 121 is the new Anaba tasting room. The outside of this place is cute. The patio seating is also nice but obviously very loud because of all the street traffic. That's not so nice. More importantly, there is a group of very attractive young ladies running this joint so that's a plus if you're a dude (or a girl if that's your thing). The wines are tasty. The 90+ point Chardonnay is worth stopping in for just on it's own. The tasting room, however, is BARE. Like totally naked! With the exception of a few shirts on one of the walls, there's nothing. No art, no chachskis, no NOTHING. So it's not really "warm" or "inviting" per se. But when wine tasting, the wines should be what matters, right?  This place has good wine - and good service, too; very friendly, knowledgeable people. Especially, Kat and Stephanie.
<review# 1920,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2010,3/10/2010,44,159,5,8,5>Amazing! We've been waiting (anxiously) for Susie Cakes to open. Now that it is, I have been thoroughly enjoying the red velvets and the mocha cupcakes.Today I went in to get treats for my son's class (his 8th birthday) and the staff was helpful and friendly. Suggestions were made to get the Whoopie Cakes and cut into quarters. Perfect!!So delicious and rich and yummy!(may need to increase the hours I go to the gym...)*wink wink*One argues about the prices....okay--yes, they are higher than one might think a cupcake should cost; $3 for a cupcake. But, I looked online and other bakeries are charging $3 or higher (depending on what is offered) for their cupcakes. Susie Cakes cupcakes are not your average, run-of-the-mill cupcakes. These aren't your "supermarket" cupcakes. These are delicious.
<review# 1921,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2010,12/31/2011,77,464,4,4,4>I realize that I am a 90 year old trapped in a, em, younger, woman's body, but I LOVES ME THE YARN.  So after my fave store in San Rafael packed up and went ether (not acceptable. must. feel. my. yarn.), I was desperately searching for a replacement yarn store.Stumbled across this cute little store, thx to yelp.  Love it.  Love that they stock responsibly grown and purchased yarn, and that the lovely ladies at the shop are sweet, unassuming and super-helpful.  Even husband managed to stumble in and buy some emergency replacement yarn with their assistance, and without mine.  Now THAT's service.
<review# 1922,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2011,12/30/2011,147,287,4,7,5>Okay, so one person mentioned that his bill was 10% higher than his "verbal quote", but that's why it's just that - a verbal quote. Designed to give you a ballpark of what the job would cost, before they actually get under the hood and see what's what. Same thing happened to me, my VW Jetta needed some breather hoses replaced after failing it's smog test, and Matt gave me an estimate of about $400 over the phone. My repair actually turned out to be a good chunk more than that, but the original estimate was based on what "tends" to go wrong, as opposed to what "actually" went wrong. While it always sucks to have to pay more money than expected, when the procedure is explained and outlined, it's completely understandable. Lars, Matt, and the lads do great work, are courteous and quick, and get your car on the road with a minimum fuss for a good chunk less than the stealership does. My Jetta goes there exclusively now, and I wince when I have to take it to Sonnen for anything "official".
<review# 1923,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2011,12/29/2011,103,359,4,5,6>I had another spectacular evening at Il Davide.  This time, I skipped dinner and went right to the fantastic wine selection.  The '06 Pinot was excellent.  Il Davide has a wine selection that rivals any Napa Valley restaurant.  The restaurant draws interesting people and the couple at neighboring table was fun hang with on a Friday night.  We enjoyed our wine with the Bartender and when I mentioned my ROTD for Il Davide he promised a comp glass of wine ; ) , I'll definitely go back again and hope you do as well.
<review# 1924,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2011,12/28/2011,2595,287,2,9,6>Crazy part about this place, was that I somehow expected it couldn't be as good as the Sea Thai Bistro in Santa Rosa.WRONGJust as good, if not better! I'm not sure if I just happened to be here on a day/time that was quiet, but the atmosphere was more relaxed and intimate than the santa rosa location.My go to at STB is the Summerfire Chicken, because it's spicy and crazy delicious. It's like a party in your mouth, and you want to party till 3am. My favorite thai dishes are pad thai and pumpkin curry, but STB is the one that puts every other thai places to shame. I really love the crunchy garlic pieces they top the pad thai with, and the jumbo prawns are so delectable. The wait staff were very attentive, the place was super clean, and the dishes were amazing. I love it. Now, epic Thai food is accessible in santa rosa and petaluma! Double win!
<review# 1925,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2011,12/27/2011,63,158,2,9,3>Really truly, as good as it gets. Delicious food, and 90% vegan so quite good for you too. The price is just right, at $8.95 for lunch. Fill up on salad with several types of house dressing; my sisters and I are unanimous in our love of the tofu dill. (The honey mustard is a tad too tangy.) Vegan bacon bits add a nice crunch too. And it's nice to have things just the way you want them, Gaia's gives you that option. I've tried several of Gaia's soups, and the best by far was the creamy yam and dill. Their chili was decent, but a bit to tomato-y and one dimensional. They usually have a nice selection of curried vegetables, brown rice, vegan bread and cornbread, polenta with marinara sauce, rice noodles, green curry sauce...mmm. So you can make a varied plate or bowl of real good food. Again; many delicious, delicious options. I must also mention, the potato dish OF THE GODS. I don't know what it's called, but its thinly sliced potatoes baked in something like curried coconut milk....Wow, my mouth is watering just writing this. These potatoes should be made more often, and should be considered Gaia's signature dish. They are flat out amazing, and when you add the vegan bacon bits they taste a lot like loaded baked potatoes, but better! Please Gaia's, make these more often! I get sad when I go and they are not available (but I keep coming back to see if they are!)Dessert. Halvah, another WOW. This alone would be worth the trip. The chocolate tapioca pudding is pretty incredible too. I'm feeling a trip to Gaia's coming on......
<review# 1926,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2011,12/26/2011,12,19,4,4,4>I am in love with a CHICKEN TRUCK. This is not some truck you see, particularly in the South, full of baskets of live chickens flying down the freeway, feathers flying out behind, and one sorry bird hanging on for dear life on top. My memory, not yours, I was behind that truck. This truck is a thing of beauty, parked at JV Wine and Spirits, here in Napa. Food trucks being the current craze they are, why wouldn't we have the best? I was picking up a couple of special bottles for a client's boss. My client, who by the way called me from San Jose, was saying her boss wanted a couple of bottles for a reception he was attending in an hour and a half...from now...today.... They weren't on our wine list so I suggested she call JV, and I'd run across town and pick them up. Done deal. That's customer service. He was happy, and she was happy. Pulling into the parking lot I spotted said chicken truck and remembered hearing and reading about it. OK, dinner was easy. Walked up to the truck after picking up the wine, and read the menu: #1 Whole Chicken Meal $25.95. #2 1/2 Chicken Meal $15.95. #3 1/4 Chicken Meal $7.95, or around that. Sides looked interesting: Green Salad, Chili w/ Rancho Gordo Beans, even Cheesecake, but it's Summer, so Cheesecake just seems wrong. Nice couple of guys chatting while I ordered the 1/2 Chicken Meal with Green Salad and Chili, and waited. 'Onions and Sour Cream on the Chili'? Of course. It's 4:30pm and I'm the only one in line, but not to worry. He handed me the big brown paper bag, and I didn't look inside, needing to get back to the Hotel quick. I folded the top over and drove back, delivered the wine, turned off the computer, and left. My car smelled a little smokey, a nice smokey, not too familiar, like oh yea, Mesquite. Hmmmm. I brought the bag into the kitchen and set it on the stove, opened the bag, and there it was. A half baguette of bread. Oh, my! Perfectly crispy on the outside and soft white on the inside. Beside the baguette was a foil bag, and below it was a box. I peaked inside the foil bag and inhaled deeply the smokey aromas coming from the dark bird and spotted some white flesh. Put that aside, and pulled out the box while crunching on the baguette. Did I say it was perfect: crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. And this was from a truck! Inside the box was the dark green salad with 2 thick slices of ripe red tomatoes and some diced purple onion. Beside that was the container of chili w/ the translucent top showing sour cream pressed into the chili. A little sauce running down the side. I am so game for this meal. The chili, meatless, I think, had big dark red beans and a thick rich sauce, also spicy, but not too hot. This is man food. I feel my caveman coming on...I put the whole slice of tomato in my mouth because I know it's going to be good. And it's...sublime...the only word for tomatoes that taste like red sunshine. Warmed by the Chili it sat beside, tasting like you picked it in the garden and ate it before you left the row. Good vinaigrette, like pure olive oil and vinegar, and I taste fresh peppercorns. I eat the Salad and Chili first, along with the baguette, then I plate up the chicken. I took pictures, too. Who wouldn't? This Chicken was dark, the wingtip and leg all black and smokey. The white and dark flesh underneath was moist and pulled apart in big chunks. Just for reference, I'm not in front of the stove at this point, but have moved to a chair, yes, sadly in front of the computer. I'm watching reruns of Lipstick Jungle on HULU. OK, not too much of a caveman. All things in balance. You know...I'm sorry I didn't get the Cheesecake....
<review# 1927,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2011,12/25/2011,0,22,,5,1>I heart Betty's Girl Boutique!!Kim has such a unique concept! She takes all kinds of vintage clothing and re-purposes them into cute, modern pieces.  She includes alterations in her prices (which are actually quite fair).AND.... She makes the most adorable cocktail dresses.  I was attending an afternoon wedding in the city and wanted something unique.  She made me this fabulous dress that was made from a 1940's hoop skirt. I LOVE IT!! I got so many compliments on it and plan to wear it again and again.Her shop is a MUST SEE gals!!:-)
<review# 1928,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2010,12/24/2011,8,36,3,3,3>This place has EVERYTHING a cook could ask for....one catch is you probably won't be able to find it on your own.  They have this pace packed floor to ceiling with every cooking gadget, gizmo and thingy your could possibly ever want or need.  Don't be affraid to ask for help!Other than that it's a great store.  The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable.  Your shopping experience will for sure remind you that Napa still is a small town at heart!
<review# 1929,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2011,12/23/2011,724,333,4,5,5>CLASSY BUT INEXPENSIVEGreat new spot in Santa Rosa. I agree with some of the other reviewers in that it has a great city feel - like a nice club / lounge in San Francisco or New York without the price tag. It's marked as 3 $ signs and it's not, MORE LIKE ONE $ - wines by the glass are 8, 9, and 10!! I know dirty divey places in the city that cost way more than that. Granted it's a small wine selection by the glass, but they also offer some bottle selections for less than $38 bucks - how cheap is that - very cheap. I like all of the wines on the list - all superb - Ledson winery is featured and delicious juice, and the price is what it would cost you at the winery - HUGE DEALS to be had. I met Kendrick, the owner, and he's great - cool attitude, he's an interior designer which really makes sense looking at the place. I also met a really adorable young female bartender - name is escaping me as I write, but really cool. Went in a 2nd time and met Nicholas - the GM, Stephan the Barman, and Danny the Zulag, - all great interesting guys to talk too. Nic has a good knowledge of champagne, if you like bubbles - defintely bring it up. I find it a relaxing atmosphere - seems like it's going to be pretentious when you first walk in because the interior is pretty Awe-inspiring, but it's totally chill and laid back. I was told they are still ramping up w/ their menu's - food and bar, so the place is going to grow and get better. Definitely a great date spot or hang out w/ friends and have a beer or some vino. Check it out - totally unique from anything within a 60 miles radius.
<review# 1930,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2011,12/22/2011,67,79,5,4,4>Go to Muir Woods in the early morning fog -- perhaps a threat of rain to keep people away long enough for you to get a parking space witthin hiking distance of the ticket booth.When you get to the ticket window, show them one old person with a "Golden Age Passport" - a life time admission permit to NPS parks for the geezer and everybody who squeezed into his car.Go quickly down the path into the woods and stay ahead of the crowd.  The trees are different, perhaps even enchanted, in the early morning silence. When the crowd begins to build, it's time to leave.  On your way out, stop at the bookstore.  Its collection of books and maps is tightly focused on the coastal ecology, the life and times of John Muir and the early settlers of Marin County.You got free admission, so buy something.Then go back to  your car and sell your parking place to a late arriving tourist.
<review# 1931,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/1/2008,2/7/2009,591,426,74,28,35>It's possible that I wasn't the cutest girl in my graduating high school class.Hard to believe?  Let's paint you a portrait, shall we?In eighth grade I dyed my hair platinum blonde.  I spent the next four years of my life as a two-tone trying to grow that shit out.  I wore my dad's old button fly Levi's pretty much everyday so that they had holes developing on both inseams from where my fat thighs rubbed the denim raw.  I wore white athletic socks with Tevas.  Oversized sweatshirts were my best friend, well sweatshirts and cinnamon rolls.  My idea of great makeup was glitter and a butterfly sticker below my left eye.So you see, high school was not my favorite time in life.  When I heard that my 10 year reunion was taking place this past weekend, I turned back into that weak, chubby bunny I had once been and went right for the secret stash of carbs I keep for emergencies only.  The boys that had tormented me would undoubtedly be there looking bronzed and wealthy while the cookie cutter blonde girls who I never felt good enough to be friends with would waltz in showing off their 10 carat diamond engagement rings.  Fascinatingly enough, halfway through a pint of B&J's, I looked in the mirror, wiped off the chocolate on my chin, and realized that I was a beautiful and popular woman now, and my high school friends, the ones I still am close with, are gorgeous women as well and we were going, cause I invented the Post-It and I'm a success god damnit.So, we went.  And amazingly, after 2 double vodka sodas, half a vicodin and glass of champange, I loved all those people that called me Tubs in high school.Loved them so much that I kinda felt like puking on them, but out of respect didn't.  After surmouting some shock and awe and what had become of the "pretty people" (fat, fat, bad botox, fat, divorced, pregnant and unwed, drunk as hell, drunk as hell, unhappy marriage, bad haircut)  one popular well known jock, who I used to dream about kissing in a daydream filled with homecoming queen nominations and scratch n' sniff rainbow stickers, came up to me and said.. and I quote... "Rachel!!!!  You look hot.  Damn hot.  Can I get a hug?".So I pressed my pert, baby free boobs that he'll never touch nor see against him and he held on to me a little too hard and a little too long.  As he pulled away he said, "Shit, I hope my wife didn't see that!".I smiled and laughed and then told him to go fuck himself.  Just kidding.  I gave him my number.  Just kidding!!!  God.  Take a joke.Funny thing about that is he was a little fat, a little bald, and definitley an alchoholic. My graduating class!!!  Alcoholics Anonymous should write Marin Catholic a thank you letter.So... three stars for the validation I didn't even know I needed.  And three stars for the Peso, because if you can't stuff a bar with 100 people you once hated, where can you stuff them?
<review# 1932,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/19/2008,2/6/2009,371,281,21,14,13>I generally inhale my food.Like if sucking food through a straw at every meal was an option, I'd invest in a Costco-sized package of straws (the ones with the bendy elbows, because I like those the best).I was recently told by two sushi chefs that I eat too fast. I felt ashamed as I sat chewing a mouthful of albacore I had just plopped in my mouth.The Melting Pot is the perfect place to practice your slow eating skills. Except for the cheese course, which I motored through with the gusto of back alley rats. But be warned, if you decided to annihilate cheese-covered anything like I do, there's a good chance you will burn your tongue and the rest of your mouth. Especially when you attempt to scrape the bottom of the pot.My family took me here for my birthday, where we were waited on by a sweet mega-theater dork who supplied us with cheese, meat, chocolate, and not-that-funny comic relief. Although the food was tasty, I could have done without the dinner theater. I like my melted cheese without a side of cheese (ga! ga!)Good Cheese:The cheese course. Really, I could have done with just the cheese and the chocolate. I know, you're shocked, right? It's sort of like preferring all the sides to the turkey on Thanksgiving....which I do. Meat? Bah! Who needs meat?We ordered the Traditional Swiss Cheese Fondue and the Wisconsin Trio Fondue.Both were amazing, but I think I preferred the Wisconsin Trio just a tad more due the addition of blue cheese. Just in case you didn't know, blue cheese will someday rid the world of all its problems, and will make it rain puppies and shoes.The meat course was fine. I only eat fish and poultry, so my meaty dipping options were limited to shrimp, chicken, raviolis and veggies.Blah blah, you cook each one for 11/2 to 2 minutes. Yadda Yaddah. It's hard to focus on cooking your food when you're focusing on licking the bottom of your wine glass. Blah blah.The dessert chocolate fondue was tasty with a capital EY! I liked the fruit dippers, as well as the rice krispy treats. But could have done without the cheese cake, brownies, marshmallows and pound cake. There are some things that should remain pure and sacred, and cheese cake is one of them. It doesn't need chocolate. it's perfection in itself. With that said, I believe that dark chocolate fondue and strawberries were meant to bang....I mean be together. Lets leave it at that.The wine was winey and good.Bad Cheese:The salad. Ugh! Blech! Boo! Hiss! Feeee!It's a good thing I split a salad with my mom, because seriously I wouldn't be able to eat a whole plate if this culinary mess.If bottled Caesar salad dressing wasn't bad enough, they stuck candied pine nuts in there! Pine nuts don't even belong in Caesar salad in the first place. Let alone candied ones.It was gross and weird, and I was really happy when that course was over.My advice. Don't get the Big Night Out unless you're with someone who has a problem with just eating cheese and chocolate (*cough, my mother, cough*).Cheese and chocolate are what the Melting Pot is all about, other than the creepy entertainment and the incredible location (*sigh* oh exposed brick tunnels, how I adore you). So become a vegetarian for the night, but not a vegan, because then you'd just have to eat water. And plain bread.Ok. I'm done now. Vote for cheese in 2009!
<review# 1933,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2009,2/4/2009,423,725,8,10,10>I am truly saddened that I missed their 50% off cases sale this weekend.  I would have picked up a little Pinot or Syrah, but to be honest we're still working on a little Sangio from Mendo . . . Someone stole my review of Roshambo as "Eccentric, fun, and hip" and that pretty much describes them to a "T".  I thought that, visiting on a hot weekday in January, we'd still see a few more people there, but apparently the weekend-workers and recently-unemployed aren't drawn to Napa and Sonoma like we are.  Their loss, our gain!  We liked all the varietals, but ended up buying a bottle of the Pinot.Friendly server, great grounds that we could walk the little dog around, and fine wines in a cool tasting room make Roshambo a must-see tasting room.  If you're looking for a good time, that is . .
<review# 1934,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2008,2/3/2009,2074,1145,5,9,9>hmmm, a nice date destination.first off, it's a pretty and scenic ride from sf to napa on a sunny day.  despite the large size, this place felt homey to sit inside.however, i prefer the more romantic tables outside overlooking the patio area complete with heat lamps.the bartenders are nice eye candy to watch while you stir and sip a cocktail and/or are waiting for a table.my only complaint of the place is the one, yes, one bathroom for women.  and one for men.  one guy was annoyed that i went into the mens room.  hey, when you have to go...ok, back to food.the antipasti was filling but i have to say that the carpaccio was so thinly sliced and delicious!i read up on yelper reviews and ordered the duck pasta and it did not disappoint.  the lamb was also an excellent cut and preparation.everything was simple but very well made.oh, the dessert?  we left it up to the friendly  and very attentive server who came out with the butterscotch dessert.  i left sated and satisfied.
<review# 1935,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2008,2/2/2009,459,857,4,10,9>We like their wines at home because they are everyday drinkable and affordable. So when we were tooling around Sonoma, we decided to head over and visit them.  The grounds are beautiful and peacefully tucked away. The tasting room is comfortable, well designed and since they let us bring our dogs in, we loved them immediately.  There was a little black cat lurking behind the bar that kept taunting Emily, it was amusing.  The wine is good. It is unassuming, like the people. I chose the basic tasting menu and was happy with everything I tasted, especially the chardonnay. This is a great place to bring family and friends if you want friendliness and none of the snobbery of some other wine country destinations.
<review# 1936,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2008,2/1/2009,676,1583,11,8,8>Although I was already hungover from the night before and got about ZERO hours of sleep, I was a soldier and beared the long day ahead of me just for the birthday girl. Sunglasses on and Rockstar in hand, I was ready to take on this bitch.BRING ON THE WINE.I was never a red wine fan before this winery. I thought it tasted like rubbing alcohol and smelled like moldy wood when in reality, I was just drinking real bad wine to begin with. ANYWAYSFor $40 (or maybe the price has gone up since I have been) we started off learning about the French vs American oak barrels and slowly trekked into a Harry Potter-esque tunnel lit up with candles. And then the fun and games began!! Thierry (awesome tour guide by the way, plus he's a real trip) would talk about each wine and give us each a gracious pour. Slowly but surely, our trek further and deeper into Hogwarts became a happy stumble... I started developing a taste for what I liked and didn't like... The ones I didn't like, I splattered it against the wall - one of the most fun parts of the trip!! I could swear we had about 15 wines but anyway, the end of the tour is the worst part.You step back into daylight and realize you can't be gallavanting around Hogwarts sipping wine and sloshing it at walls all day. The feeling? I would compare it to being in Dumbledore's Army getting busted in the Room of Requirement. Also, I spent $200 at the end buying wines for other people. WTF was I thinking, I need to get me some of that Sangiovese for myself.. mmmhmmmzzz
<review# 1937,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2008,1/30/2009,376,527,9,11,7>Free tastings.Actually, SEVEN free tastings per person -- Jacuzzi is clearly not a winery to be skipped.  The same Jacuzzi family is responsible for hot tubs, olive oil, and airplane parts.  They get around.PS: All the other wineries close by on this street offer free tastings too. Make it your destination if, like me, you love wine and free things.
<review# 1938,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2008,1/28/2009,175,80,14,16,15>Oh, man. It's been YEARS since I had a Skully's sticky bun...Every year, my mom would buy a bunch of sticky buns right before Christmas, so that we could have them before opening presents on Christmas morning. Birthdays, anniversarys, and almost any other holiday you could think of started off with pastries from Skully's in my family... This place brings up SO many great memories, and has never, ever failed to dish up the most delicious sticky buns I've ever had. :)
<review# 1939,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2008,1/26/2009,107,259,29,15,14>Unofficial transcript of Kasey and I's recent visit to Drake's Bay Oyster Farm:Kasey:  "Oh my god, it is so big..."Matthew: "Mmmmm..."*slurp**slurp*Matthew: "Oh, that is soooo good..."Kasey: "I don't know if I can swallow it all."~~~~~~~~~~~~~The oysters here are gigantic... even the small oysters are larger than any oysters I've ever seen in a restaurant.  The large oysters are the size of steaks.  What's more - they taste better by a magnitude of 100 when compared to those I've ordered in most restaurants.  Easily the best oysters I've had anywhere.  At $9 a dozen, easily worth the drive.
<review# 1940,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2009,1/25/2009,86,153,7,7,7>Went back today to try the famous "Punjabi enchiladas." As I sat down, the owner (I think) plopped a plate of warm, buttery paratha with an *assortment of homemade chutneys!* on my table--free of charge. This made me very happy. The chutneys were delicious: one with pear, pineapple, peach, and apple. I want to slather everything I eat in that chutney from now on. The other was a nice cilantro/mint sauce with a good amount of acid. There was also a small plate of carrots that I didn't much care for to complete the chutney trifecta. The enchildadas were ok. I'm not a big fan of tamarind and they were covered in a slightly spicy tamarind sauce with yogurt. I didn't get much Indian flavor since the enchiladas themselves consisted of chicken, corn tortillas, and jack cheese--all traditional Mexican elements. Everything was well-seasoned and the service was EXCELLENT. They even boxed my food up for me without being asked, which is a classy move for a not-too-classy (read: pricey) restaurant. I plan to return yet again to try the dessert and the curried mushroom appetizer. I loves me some shrooms.
<review# 1941,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2013,7/20/2013,40,52,2,4,2>Little gem! By far the best fish & chips I've ever had, the panko crust was so crispy and it complimented the fresh flakey cod perfectly.  Clam chowder is excellent, hearty and filling. Fish tacos were fresh and very tasty. Outdoor seating could be improved on, but definitely won't keep me from coming back! Wine & beer. Friendly staff!
<review# 1942,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2013,7/19/2013,248,493,4,9,6>I didn't know dining like this existed in Santa Rosa.Brown Eyes Birthday present to me, and it was a great one.The bar, in the "Front Room" is reason enough to go in itself. Gorgeous interior with a fireplace, big comfy chairs and even tables with a chess board built in, I could see hours drifting without notice or care. We sat at the bar in big swivel stools and I was happy from the moment we were seated there, a gorgeous glass tiled bar with a view into the wine room and the extensive selection - and extensive collection of liquors. I am confident that any drink you requested would be met with a successful beverage.We arrived in time for happy hour, which I absolutely recommend, $4 Cocktail of the Day and scrumptious bar snacks - really, that's all you need, but why not treat yourself further and move on to dinner. And so:Maple Brined Pork Chop with roasted fennel, pears, onions and roasted red potatoes with a maple jus. I love to order something other than the standard because I think that is where the Chef gets more creative. This entree proved me right - juicy pork atop that wonderful roasted fennel with spices and pears and spring onions - such a perfect harmony together, and delicious alone as well. The roasted potatoes were just right and an excellent vehicle to sop the jus. There was no fault in this dish.Beef Filet with king trumpet mushrooms, sauteed spinach, jus reduction and smoked goat cheddar twice baked potato. This took your classic meat 'n potatoes and made it something special. The filet was so expertly prepared, the word that comes to mind is soft. That meat was succulent and delicious. I don't think I have ever tasted a more perfectly cooked bit of meat. It was scrumptious. Paired with the king trumpet mushrooms and the punch of fresh sauteed spinach and we could have stopped there, but the twice baked potato was calling. Now. The potato - banish the images you have stocked in your head of the traditional russet and picture now a yukon gold, halved in the vertical, not horizontal and just stuffed to the gills with it's own self and then fragrant cheddar that just bubbles and browns on the top and makes you eat it mouthful after mouthful. A great dish.The outside patio is fantastically set right on top of a vineyard. The sun setting here is like a dreamscape. There are sliding glass doors like partitions that they have open this time of year, but I bet that's a cozy warm place any time.The service is attentive and unobtrusive and if you chose to stay inside, you won't be deprived of a lovely view. This destination was made for celebrations from anniversaries to promotions to a special date to...Birthdays!
<review# 1943,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2013,7/18/2013,32,203,4,7,5>The place is brand new (8 weeks) and already, there are signs of greatness everywhere.The espresso machine is an Italian monster.  The Kambucha/Shrub/Beer bar is off the charts.  The flower selection is as exotic as I've seen in the states.  The carefully selected kitchen accoutrements will fill your wish list.  And the chef's supplies (Yuzu, ponzu, vinegars, oils...) feature the unique obscurities that will bring your cooking to new levels.Oh, the place is an architectural destination too.  In a town that doesn't even need help in any of these departments.  Why does Healdsburg get all the good shit?
<review# 1944,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2013,7/17/2013,2,33,,2,3>We have been coming to this wonderful Happy Hour since around January 2013 since I work near by in the village mall. The manager ( tall blonde gentleman) always greets you with a smile and is so  helpful !We love the waiter ( I forget his name ) who has dark blonde hair and a pony tail and a killer smile ! We first encountered him at Happy Hour and he has a great professional manor and is very good at recommending items since their Happy Hour has several yummy options. One of our favorites is the grilled artichoke and their meatballs are generous size and go well with the crostini toast they add on top.I've been very impressed by their pizetta's as well as the Caesar Salad.Just get here early because they get packed after about 5:00 since everyone seems to like the food quality and value !Bravo to all the staff in the Bar they work really hard to serve up great food and try really hard to exceed our expectations !
<review# 1945,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2012,7/16/2013,0,6,,1,1>So here's the deal..this place is going to be one of your favorite wineries.  You should definitely go, enjoy the beautiful outdoor porch, the gorgeous view of the mountains and vines, and hear the historical stories of the place, and drink some amazing wine.  My husband and I started our Nappa journey here with a tasting with Tom (who's fantastic, by the way).  We stayed for a couple of hours, learned a bunch about enjoying wine, and left with quite a few bottles and an awesome wine carrier to ship all our goodies home with.  Not only was Tom a treasure, but he also made reservations for us at our next winery (along with some lunch recommendations and routes to take).  Robert Biale ended up being our favorite spot of the day, despite all the great recommendations.  Thanks Tom- you made quite the impression on us!
<review# 1946,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2013,7/15/2013,21,78,1,1,1>This place is outstanding. The wine tasting area, the lobby, bathrooms, restaurant, gift shop, employees. Helps when you have a member with you, such as Amanda & Jude. Been there 3 times, usually to pick up wines for my member friends, food is tasteful & the wines are always perfect for pairing with whatever you decide to eat at the restaurant. It was very warm the afternoon we went, our first stop was wine tasting, second was the restaurant and I decided to order the Cobb Salad, light put still enough protein, dressing was delish, they chop the salad fixings into this miniscule pieces, ala rest home style, LOL. But it was still delicious. My friend wanted some ketchup, but "Francis" doesn't like it so no ketchup for YOU, too funny. The guy doesn't even hang out there but he dictates from afar. He thinks he's the "Godfather" or something, LOL. The restaurant should come up with something for the poor souls that want a dipping sauce for the crunchy zuchinni sticks. All in all the experience of the winery is excellent & the view of the vineyards is gorgeous. I saw some field workers in the vineyards wearing large hats to block the sun in the extreme heat. I hope they are paid well because this place makes the big bucks and don't get me started on the fantastic gift store.
<review# 1947,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2013,7/14/2013,27,82,,2,2>This is a perfect place for meeting up with friends - Oxbow is the perfect place to go because everybody can get what they would like. There are about 5 food choices in one big building so it's a people pleaser.My favorite of Oxbow is C Casa. Yes, things are pricey but this isn't meant to be a taqueria! Try the duck taco, that alone should tell you this isn't your average taco joint. The duck taco has tremendous flavor, I love the carmalization of the meat, it's slightly crispy and has a sensational sauce. Second favorite is the shrimp taco. The shrimp is cooked perfectly, never overlooked and it's topped with mounds of slaw and fresh corn kernels. It's a two handed taco for sure!I've had the carne asada taco and the beef is tender and has great flavor. Overall I feel it needs some sort of sauce, the taco is a bit dry for my taste otherwise.So, for $15 you get two tacos, but they will blow your mind!
<review# 1948,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2013,7/13/2013,25,5,,,>I have been here several times and I love it. I usually like this spot for lunch. Unique menu, hard to categorize but everything I've tried has been quite tasty. The flat breads seem to be a specialty and their burger is amazing. The staff seems to enjoy themselves which is important to me. On a Napa scale, the pricing is pretty good. Good bang for your buck here. Outdoor seating a plus and good draft beers. It's a bit loud so I wouldn't call it a date night location. Excellent, casual,  and consistent.
<review# 1949,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2013,7/12/2013,10,15,5,7,4>This is my spot. Any La Boulange within driving distance. Not only do you get a generous serving of a caffeine staple of your choice, but it's served in a BOWL. I live for the quirks in a place and if the food, coffee and service happens to coincidentally be spectacular as well- well, it's a win-win.The mochas are magnificent and provide the perfect morning boost when accompanied with a toasted almond croissant. I was a little disappointed to hear Starbucks bought out La Boulange considering it managed to stick out like a sore thumb swollen with greatness in a sea of mediocre and mainstream coffee destinations. However, I can't complain too much- the main ingredients in my morning routine continue to be satisfied with each stop and sip.
<review# 1950,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2013,7/11/2013,98,124,4,4,3>This charming, but oh-so-very-crowded restaurant is the closest eatery to Muir Beach. It feels like an authentic British pub -- sans dart games and cigarette smoke -- with good beer and cider on tap (Smithwick's, Guinness Stout).It also has surprisingly good grub. Try the filling Ploughman's Lunch ($12): cheddar and stilton cheese, hard-boiled eggs, pickled onions, and an organic green salad with wheat bread with mango chutney. The Pelican Inn also features a "Royal Afternoon Tea" (M-F, 3:30 p.m.). Heads-up:  You need to make a reservation 48 hours in advance. For $28 per person, with a two-person minimum, you get a three-tiered tray groaning with cakes, finger sandwiches, and scones. And of course, your choice of loose-leaf tea, such as Scottish Breakfast, Lapsang Souchoung, and Indian Chai.If you can, get to the Pelican Inn in early in the day to snag a seat in the bar area, or even an empty spot on the inn's capacious green front lawn. Once ensconced, you can sip a beer and dine al fresco. Dogs are welcome on the lawn, by the way. Just make sure Fido likes other canines, else you won't enjoy that fine glass of Young's Old Nick Barley Wine Ale!
<review# 1951,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2006,5/10/2010,10,13,2,7,4>I like to eat healthy. I really do. But sometimes it just seems so hard. Not when I go to Tabla though. All the food here is organic, and I think sourced locally, making just as good for the environment as it is for you. The stable on the menu is the dosa, which can be filled with a variety of meats and vegetables. Don't get stuck on these though. The daily specials can be revalatory. Save room for dessert, too - especially the brownies. Service is very friendly, but the space is small. It is only open until 7 p.m.
<review# 1952,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2010,5/9/2010,0,120,,3,4>I have been there a few times;  These days I can't go there enough.  My office is next door nearly to Molly Stones.  This place is the best in town.  I go the extra distance to get to go food from there.  The people are very friendly.  If you don't find something on the menu--no worries, they will make it.  They go the extra mile for you. The food is fresh and very reasonably priced....better than the others.  Love it.
<review# 1953,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2008,5/8/2010,103,336,2,6,2>This library is pretty awesome.  I used to sit in here for hours and just pour over magazines that I don't subscribe to, cookbooks that I've always wanted to check out, and new bestsellers.  The librarians are all friendly.  I also love the self-check out feature in the corner.  It can get a little crowded on the dozen or so computers, but just bring your laptop and use the wireless connection.
<review# 1954,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2009,5/7/2010,129,261,5,11,4>I love Dr. Doug and his staff!!Having been to a lot of chiropractors in my life, this guy has been the most effective for me.He's even converted my usually non-compliant skeptic of a fiance to not only attend sessions regularly, but be more self-aware of his body, take a lil yoga and  do daily streches to maintain the effectiveness of his adjustments.Daaaamn, yo ~Dr. Doug always has a friendly, laid-back yet professional demeanor and a very holistic approach without being too new agey, pushy or lecturey.  He's very knowledgeable and has access to other resources to enforce healthy lifestyle changes. The end result, of course, is a lot of freedom from pain. We're both tremendously pleased with our results.Plus, his front desk gal is super sweet and fun to chat with =).
<review# 1955,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2010,5/6/2010,362,1009,1,11,8>I'm a Lutheran. A traditional one. Like the dust off the old German hymnal, bust out the order of service, pull-out-the-stops on the organ kind of traditional Lutheran. I was baptized Lutheran, I was confirmed Lutheran and I was even an acolyte in a Lutheran church. I love the aesthetics, I love the liturgy, I love it all.So it sort of makes me sad that there aren't too many Lutheran churches like that - the super traditional yet still fairly liberal kind of ones - here in Sonoma County. Most of them are small, with close-knit congregations consisting of long-time family names. And people like me - the traditional ones - are a dying breed, being taken over by the young contemporary adults who love rock'n'roll praise music more than Matins or Vespers or what-have-you.But this place... it's different. I like it. I like the way the sun comes in through the stained-glass windows and lights up the room. I like the familiarity, and the peacefulness I feel every time I come here. I particularly like that I can come here not knowing anyone and not feel all out of sorts. While this is by no means somewhere I come regularly, I like knowing that I can stop by on a whim or when I'm having a bad week and will leave feeling refreshed and serene and fulfilled.
<review# 1956,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2010,5/5/2010,52,62,,7,3>Just went to Marche aux Fleur again last week and must report a couple of updates.  They've brought the furniture and some of the decor from the now closed AVA to Marche and have updated the paint and design which lends a much more romantic and intimate feeling to Marche.  In addition, I was very happy to see our favorite waiter from AVA, Peter, has also moved over to Marche.The wine list has now expanded and the food seems to be even more delicious now that the kitchen benefits from Chef Dan Baker's undivided attention.  Definitely worth a visit.
<review# 1957,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2010,5/4/2010,77,464,6,8,4>I managed to drag the hike-hating husband (HHH) out to Bolinas, to catch the waterfalls after all the rain we've been having. there was quite a bit of complaining after mile 6, but even HHH admitted it was worth it at the end of it all. a few tips:1) go early. it gets hot and crowded. plus it brings you closer to the as-of-yet undisturbed wildlife.2) bring extra shoes and socks. esp if you're going to be frolicking in the water.3) wear long pants/sleeved-shirts. there's a lotta poison oak in them thar hills, esp on the 'unmaintained', read: bushwhack your way thru overgrown piles of the stuff with a machete (optional gear) alamere falls trail. also the beach near the falls is kinda cold and windy. 4) bring a towel/blanket, for picnicking, for drying off.5) bring purell. you will need it after you use the toilet.
<review# 1958,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2009,5/3/2010,265,769,5,5,5>GREAT pizza, we had the chicken with sundried tomato, artichoke and feta.  mmmmm delish! When we walked in the movie playing on the wall was 'an affair to remember' which is a pretty cool movie to be showing on a blank wall while sipping wine, if I do say so myself.Staff was more than pleasant, and greeted us with menus and lots of information.  They knew their wine selection and their menu items well. Plus they were friendly and fun, and not arrogant or pretentious in the slightest.  Also, although they give smaller glasses for the winery selection tasting, we were all offered larger glasses to pour our wines in to make it easier to swirl and sniff when tasting.  (extra bonus points for this people - very nice touch)  We were also offered water right away, which is nice, because it felt like we weren't being forced to just start drinking. We came tonight to do the 'winery' special - Trecini cellars was the special guests, and for $10 you got to try 3 different wines - the wines were so so and so was the winery host, but I won't include my feelings on here, as it was out of the hands of La Dolce Vita who the winery sends as the rep.Interesting layout - it was fairly busy for a thursday night (great!) lots of outside seating as well as inside and the decor is sorta sparce/eclectic, but a little cold feeling in the main room, however, off to the side they have more intimate tables and couches .  One friend loved the lights on the changing bar.  We are totally coming back next week for winery night again, and to try out the huge selection of cheeses and salads .. ok and more pizza too! Their wine selection, not just by the glass is rounded and well thought out.  Simply something for everyone.  Fun little place, and surprisingly reasonable compared to some of the other wine bars in the area. Cute little chairs and couches off in the cornerse for more intimate conversations  Can't wait to bring the boyfriend back for a date night as well
<review# 1959,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2010,5/2/2010,103,359,7,8,7>This should be called the "new Falafel Hut". I walked by and didn't recognize the place. The outdoor patio is spacious and the interior is clean and bright. I was greeted by the lively music from the television featuring belly dancers. The menu has expanded and the deli case featuring such favorites as dolmas, and hummus was great to view. The homemade baklava melts in your mouth and I was impressed at the texture. $7.95 gives you a plentiful meal with lamb, chicken and beef accompanied by hummus, small salad, pita bread and condiments. Try the spicy sauce - it's great. Go here and have fun, they're open late. This would be a lively place to go with a group. Beer and wine is also served.
<review# 1960,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2010,5/1/2010,44,303,,6,2>L-O-V-E, love....I was smitten as soon as I walked in. The decor is adorable! they have put A LOT of elbow grease and $$ to transform this place from the previous bones. It really is charming inside...promise!As for the food-equally as good. The menu is a limited selection compared to other Thai places I've been too. But they seem to have covered the "usual" items and they have a good offering of daily specials. We had:Daily special app-shrimp rollbasil chickenpad thaiveggie paramThe basil chicken was more of a stir fry vs minced that I've had before. It was spicy and fresh.Overall-the food was all crisp, fresh, plentiful, well priced...all around yum. We picked up a "to go" menu as we left dinner. I hope they offer some great lunch specials, I really want them to make it.
<review# 1961,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2013,4/27/2014,74,98,2,9,6>Scenario: It's one in the morning on a Wednesday, and not only are you not in bed, but you're walking out the door to go to a bar.This can go one of several ways, but most of them are too terrible to contemplate. The horror!BUT, instead of all the awful possibilities, I wound up at what is easily my new favorite "dive" bar! This place rocks! It all started out with a creepy walk down Santa Rosa ave in the middle of the night, but then ended up with the best Rum & Coke I've ever had (I know it's only two ingredients, but it's all about the rum and the ratio, most people mess it up) that was - call it what it is - dirt cheap and delicious. And strong. Very, very strong. Add to that a really great jukebox, an awesome pool table, and a horseshoe pit! The crowd was really good, the bartender was awesome, it wasn't packed but it wasn't empty (I'm not sure which was more surprising at one on a week night), everyone seemed very friendly and obviously knew the bartender (who is, based on some eavesdropping, very well liked) It's in a spot I wouldn't generally consider good to be in late at night, but I was surprised how nice it actually was.  While this was but a single experience on what is definitely not a typical night, I will be going back soon, thirsty and itching for some horseshoes.
<review# 1962,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2013,4/26/2014,31,46,,6,4>To preface I would like to inform you of two things:I) I showed up 20 minutes before closing, like a total jerk and commanded the team to do absolutely all that had to be done on my vehicle.2) After running out of gas and barely making it down the street to the gas station I realized I had left my wallet in the waiting room. (The shop now officially closed)Nick Lemming the manager and Adon the technician took on the challenge 20 minutes prior to closing like OLYMPIAN CHAMPIONS. They changed and checked all my vehicles fluids, replaced all filters, double checked all my tires for pressure/tread and washed all my windows beautifully even though they were officially closed by this time. The team was professional, quick, attentive and very informative. I never felt like they were trying to sell me things I didn't genuinely need. The price was totally right for the products and customer service I received.Not one person appeared annoyed or perturbed the slightest about my last minute demands. THE KICKERAfter they had finally thought they were rid of me, I called to inform them that I had left my wallet in the waiting room. Since I had run out of gas I said I would walk back to grab the wallet. The manager Nick Lemming insisted I wait, that he would be right to the gas station with my wallet. Three minutes later there he was with my wallet.Best Oil Change team/ service I have ever received. Will recommend to everyone
<review# 1963,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2014,4/25/2014,48,74,3,8,5>Decided to give this place another chance on a Tuesday for me and my fiancés anniversary.I made a reservation for 6:30pm, we got there and the place was so loud and noisy...the hostess asked if we wanted to sit upstairs or down, I chose upstairs.We were seated upstairs where there were two big tables set up for other parties and a couple other smaller tables and chairs. Even 6:30pm on a Tuesday this place is slammed.Our waiter came by and dropped off our menus, introduced himself and then scurried off. We sat there for a while as the two large parties began to show up, it got real loud up there real fast.We waited for the waiter for over ten mins...then along came the difference between a good review update and a bad review update, I believe his name was Luca. (Super Italian, long back hair) He noticed us sitting there, menus down on table, and asked if our waiter had come back by. We responded no, since he hadn't, so he took out his pad of paper and told us he would be our waiter. He seemed to be in good spirits despite how busy it was and taking over our table, laughing with us and making jokes. He took our order (buffalo burrata and calamari) and went off downstairs. A little bit later a busboy/server came by and dropped off a plate of the bruschetta...which we had not ordered. Our new waiter came by and we let him know, he apologized and took off with it. Our order came correctly pretty quickly. The buffalo burrata was wonderful. Creamy and fresh, perfect to spread on the crostini. My fiancé enjoyed the calamari, the portion was generous and there were two different types. It was crunchy and warm. I love the olive tapanade they give you with the bread.For dinner he ordered the vitello (veal) picatta, which came with crispy roast potatoes and brussel sprouts. I had a bite of the veal and potatoes, it was pretty good, the veal was tender and juicy, the potatoes were crispy on the outside, soft and fluffy on the inside. I ordered the tortellini romana, which is tortellini with peas, prosciutto and cream. Very good, so creamy and buttery, very heavy dish. The peas were a nice little pop, always a good combination.  I could only eat half and when I went to heat it up at home later all the sauce had turned to all butter...no cream left. For dessert the man ordered the cannolis and I ordered the apple tart. I had a bite of cannoli and enjoyed the creamy ricotta filling, I thought they were quite good. The man was not impressed, he has high cannoli standards...being Italian and from the East Coast. My warm apple tart with cold vanilla bean ice cream on top brought a smile to my face. Perfect combination of warm and cold, fruit and creamy. The caramel sauce was the best part, perfect burnt sugary butter flavor. All in all the food this time around was a much better experience. The atmosphere was still loud and busy.The service made all the difference that night, without Luca things would have been much worse off, his attitude and attentiveness really made the night a lot more enjoyable for the both of us.
<review# 1964,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2014,4/24/2014,12,104,8,14,9>Ok, if you are shy, you might not want to read this review.I REALLY like Spice.  I am not shy when I walk into a sex store/sensuality shop.  I have frequented some of the best in SF.  I've seen some of the worst there are out there and walked out.Spice is the best I've ever been to.  They have a decent selection of a wide range of products.  Great lube selection.  Fun condom selection.  Great lingerie to look at, although very few selections in the plus size arena.  I love the divided store idea.  Front of the house for the more "timid" and "public friendly" type of things.  Fun to see someone who even gets a little funny about that side.  But, behind the curtain is OZ.  hehe.  I will spend two hours back there just looking at all the toys, dildos, plugs, rope, BDSM supplies, videos.  Kid in a candy store.  Serously.  A freaky, your mama would blush, my momma would giggle, I wanna try everything, candy store.Staff is very friendly and helpful.  I have had some wonderful conversations with staffers on both new items, use of different items, local events and scenes.  I have never seen them treat anyone with anything less than dignity and professionalism.For that reason, when it came time to introduce my adult child to what wonders he could enjoy too, this is where I brought him.  Now, mind you, I didn't act like I normally do when he was there.  But I think he also knew that.
<review# 1965,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2014,4/23/2014,38,174,1,5,6>With the abundance of Italian restaurants around, I was not ready to run over the door to try it out, but they have a lot of great things I tried on my first visit that make me a future repeat customer.  The pizza was great simply because of the fresh ingredients and lack of grease that most pizzas come dripping with.  Also, for appetizers they chop up their pizza crusts, season them, and serve with dip.  The other item that knocked my socks off was the polenta.  Simply the most scrumptious I've ever had.  Good drinks and desserts too served quickly by the staff.
<review# 1966,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2014,4/22/2014,36,120,2,10,6>If you have not been there before, you need to know that there are not one but TWO Stark's.  Technically, the same ownership, location, menu, etc. but the lounge and the dining room are completely different experiences.Let me start with the lounge.  Dimly light, fireplace, full menu available, comfy chairs at lounge tables and about a dozen or so stools at a full bar with an amazing liquor list.  If you are going out to experience nightlife without all of the drunks watching the tube or all of the kids ordering mixed drinks, this is your place.The liquor list is long enough that it would take a lifetime to try everything.  Fortunately, the bartenders are incredibly knowledgeable.  One of my pet peeves is when I got out to drink and I ask "what kind of gin do you have?" or "would you suggest a great new bourbon" and all I get back is, "what do you want, I can let you know if we have it."  I go here specifically to try new spirits.  I tell the bar tenders what I am in the mood for and they (almost) always nail it.Two reasons for four stars, instead of five:Their beer list is pretty good, if a bit short.On busy nights (which is often) you have to play "vulture" to get a seat (by which I mean, hover around while someone else finishes their dinner and then swoop down right as they leave).  The last time I was there, I went to the men's room and the guy next to me said that two people tried to take my seat at the bar in the five minutes I was gone.The dining room is equally awesome, if completely different.  It feels cultured and refined.  The tables are set far enough apart and the acoustics are good so you can hear your date (or your friends / family) talking.The service is as good as at the bar.  The servers are also very knowledgeable.In terms of the food, THE BURGERS ARE THE BEST IN TOWN, IF NOT THE COUNTY AND PERHAPS ANYWHERE I HAVE BEEN.  They use only the best beef, the buns are fresh and soft and the produce is equally high quality.My only qualm with the burger is that you have to ask for ketchup and mustard (as if anyone does not eat their burger without?)The only reason for four stars on this "side" of the restaurant is that they are so busy that, if you want to dine there at any hour, you need to make a reservation.  Elsewise, you are stuck with 5:00 p.m. or 9:30 p.m.Oh, and make sure to take in the neon on the way in / out and the really cool hardware in the bathroom.  It makes the ambiance in this place go from good to "cool in a kind of throw back to the '70's" way.  I can't do it justice, just go.  You will not regret it!
<review# 1967,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2014,4/21/2014,156,1159,6,11,7>Thompson lives up to its name.  They actually get the clothes clean.You can't say that about all dry cleaners in Santa Rosa.  My friend Arturo calls some of the less effective dry cleaners "Dry stain setters".  If you want me to warn you about some of the local dry cleaners who have ruined my clothes, send me a message.Thompson ain't a discount cleaner, but they are a "green cleaner" who gets the job done correctly.
<review# 1968,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2014,4/20/2014,32,145,2,9,4>Super cool place for Japanese Food in Marin!  I will reiterate what the other reviewers have said, Mama san is hands down the best hostess I have ever met.  It really is akin to feeling welcomed to a fabulous home-cooked family meal.  Her charm, kindness, humor, and care was remarkable!  The food was also wonderful.  I had the "Bento Box" combo with sashimi & tempura - both were fantastic.  Also - I feel that my meal was a fabulous value (around $14-15 & plenty of good quality food plus variety!).  The sashimi was "melt-in-your-mouth" good - very fresh & large pieces, too!  My mom got the "Bento Box" combo with Chicken Teriyaki & Tempura and dad ordered the "Kaki Fried" (fried oysters) - everything was on par.Bill was around $60 for three tasty & filling meals, 1 large sake & 1 small sake - which I think is pretty darn good for Marin County these days!!  If I was a stickler - I would subtract a star for the tables (it's a little tight in there & the benches are not the comfiest)... but the service & food makes up for it ten fold.  I'll be back for sure!
<review# 1969,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2013,4/19/2014,141,176,4,8,6>This place really is awesome. I truly can't believe I haven't reviewed this place!The only real reasons I docked a star is that it really is that damned hard sometimes to hit this place during open hours AND it's in an incredibly small, teeny, tiny location. I know the latter can't be helped by the owners but I would think with such wild success they would find a future compromise for a location.This is a quintessential cult classic sausage place that has all the good graces you would expect. Homemade everything, freshly made sausage, a mom and pop style place, great pizza, a warm friendly greeting whenever you arrive, great suggestions if you need it, and rotating awesome specials.Now with all that said, it is a little pricey for the handmade sausage (last time I was there it was around $8.99/lb and up). You can get the same quality made sausage from Oliver's in Cotati easily for a lower price at $5.99 or less a lb. But don't let me deter you from getting the sausage here, it really is amazing and the special sausages they make around the year really can't be gotten anywhere else with some types of combinations. Sure Oliver's has chicken and kale sausage (which is truly juicy and nummy) but Yanni's makes holiday ham sausage .... who else does that?!But for the nostalgia, love and care, and awesome sausage roll combos it really can't be beat when you are in the mood for some good ol' sausage! They also make a killer all ground beef style chili that really is so much like the kind you find all over the East Coast. A plus in my book with tomatoes and little to no beans. The spice level is quite nice too. Great for topping sausage, fries, and hot dogs! They rotate what style chili they make too!If you are looking for some place new to experience and haven't been here ... trust me and trust all the other reviewers. There is always a surprise of something new even if you are a regular! The choices can be overwhelming on your first visit, but the owners always make you feel at ease and help you make the correct tasty choice if you are utterly honest with them.My favorites revolve around onions, peppers, and anything pickled like pepperoncinis. I do also love salty cheese like feta, and they don't scrimp here on that. They pull out all the stops. And so should you you! Definitely make this destination one of your stops over the new year!
<review# 1970,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2014,4/18/2014,652,151,6,12,8>Explore history on California's coast! I actually had a really great time here - it was kind of an amazing place to spark the imagination as you learned the history and then wandered the grounds reliving it in your mind.Here's the order I'd recommend doing things:1. BRING CASH for parking - And you might want to have exact change just in case. We were the first ones here (because we're dorks) and had no cash except for a $50 bill (cause we're ballers! bwahaha). We were turned away and had to drive a few miles to get change.2. Head into the Visitor's Center and watch the movie first (it provides context for everything else).3. Peruse the little museum and take in the artifacts and timeline.4. Wander the grounds and explore the fort! There's a presentation and guided tour around 12pm which I also recommend.5. Walk down to the beach and up the small path to the graveyard - it's not marked, but you'll see it if you're looking. There's no other way to get to the graveyard, and it's worth checking out!6. Walk back along the road and check out the houses built after the fort.Not a lot of places to grab lunch nearby, we drove south to Bodega Bay and ate at the seafood place (which was awesome).
<review# 1971,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2013,2/15/2014,11,3,,3,3>I honestly LOVE this place. First and foremost $3.50 for a movie? Fck Yeah! But my favorite thing about the place is the atmosphere, it is flawed, (floors are sticky, seats a bit saggy, sound quality is less the top notch) but I think of its flaws as things that give the theater character. When I head out to see a movie here, I feel like I'm going to see and old friend. I'm comfortable going in either pjs, or in a dressy dress and it won't judge me. If I wanted top notch, classy movie going, I would just go to the Roxy, but if I want to be comfortable laughing hysterically at a silly movie for 2 minutes straight. I go to 3rd street.
<review# 1972,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2014,2/14/2014,155,397,2,5,3>I LOVE Howard Station!  I am biased because they are gluten free friendly, so I can order a LOT here and not feel like a leper for having a food allergy.  This little gem is no where near my home, it is about 1/2 hour away, but is worth every mile traveled to Occidental for some homemade goodness.The restaurant offers a fantastic menu of traditional items such as pancakes, waffles, eggs, omelettes, and huevos rancheros.  They always have specials to choose from which only add to the bounty of options.My personal favorite and the reason I travel across county, their waffles!  OMG, so incredibly delicious it is out of control.  The batter for the gluten free waffle is light and fluffy just like the regular version.  They have many fruits and flavors you can mix in or on top of the waffles to mix it up.  Seasonal items are added as well such as peaches in the summer.  There is a juice bar where you can order fresh squeezed health in a glass.  Beautiful combinations of beets, carrots, celery, apples, etc.  All healthy goodness that not only does a body good but tastes delicious!My reason for not giving 5 starts, their service can be spotty.  It is not enough to deter me from traveling for the food, but it is a grain of salt that needs digesting each time.  As we sat on our last trip waiting and waiting and waiting for coffee the decaf people next to us kept getting refill after refill.  Finally we helped ourselves to the coffee for refills.  This is not the first time we have had to serve ourselves either.  It is a little frustrating when you are tipping and paying for the service experience.  This place is well worth the beautiful drive out just remember to bring cash because cards are not accepted here.
<review# 1973,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2014,2/13/2014,47,68,1,7,7>I absolutely LOVE Salon Method.My stylist Jessie is super cool AND she knows what she's doing. She takes her time to listen to what you want, and totally nails it. No power booking here- you'll have her attention during your appointment. Her  color and haircuts are phenomenal! I didn't realize how bad my previous cuts were until I had my hair cut by Jessie.The salon itself is located in a great location in downtown Petaluma's Theatre District, and has free garage parking. Inside the salon is clean and comfortable. They use Kevin Murphy products which I've totally fallen in love with.Booking is easy via phone or online. Text confirmations are a plus. Jessie has always accommodated any last minute changes or fitting me in between clients.Friday afternoons/evenings they have awesome blow out specials!I highly recommend!
<review# 1974,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2014,2/12/2014,11,3,1,11,3>Melted is unlike anything we have in Napa. Their waffle sandwiches with such incredibly inventive combinations to excite your palate are delicious and satisfying. Do give yourself at least 10 minutes as they are made to order. You will be happily greeted and experience something different than the same old same old that you will find at the deli. I've visited a few times and so far, I am in love with "I Wear the Gold", the dessert sandwich with mascarpone cheese, honey, plantains & chocolate chips (YUM) and the "Don Caballero". I've also tried the Peanut butter, chocolate & banana smoothie. When you pop in, it may be difficult to decide on what to try but they are cut up in cute little triangles, so you can always bring a few friends and try different taste sensations from the menu together. They are brilliant!!  P.S. I am still making my way through the menu. :)
<review# 1975,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2013,2/11/2014,79,258,2,4,3>Hot, greasy and short-order. Yes. Yes. And yes.I've finally found a quick corner spot where I can get fish and fish-like food along with fried and bread-battered mushroom. This is the stuff I used to live for. It's great Friday afternoon food and perfect for hangovers and hangovers-to-be, if you plan that far in advance. (And you really should.) When I saw the menu, I think I ordered the right side, and a strawberry shake. Strawberry is the perfect pairing with fish and chips (if you can't drink beer outside).  I sucked that sucker down with quickness.Speaking of quick, my food arrived with little delay which was satisfying.
<review# 1976,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2013,2/10/2014,79,356,1,11,4>Cronuts, cronuts, cronuts.  Beth's Community Kitchen has got them, and they're delicious.   Because I am a whore for food trends, I raced down here after reading an Eater SF article claiming that Beth's cronuts were better than those on offer in the city.  At 9:30am on a weekday, there were still cronuts available (although the guy behind me snapped up almost all of the remaining ones, so I got lucky).  They have both a regular and filled cronut.  The regular is rolled in cinnamon sugar and the filled has a cream filling with a touch of lemon flavor inside.  Regular are $3, filled are $5.  They were both wonderful, but I think I liked the regular a little better.  It's perfectly fried, crispy goodness, with a tender interior and just the right amount of sweet cinnamon sugar.  I'm glad I didn't stand in line for three hours, but I do think the cronut lives up to the hype.  Or, at least Beth's does.The other items for sale at this bakery look lovely, as well.  There were a lot of croissants on display, some nice muffins and buns, and some pretty cookies, as well.  I ordered a coffee that was very good.  The shop is small but does have a front patio where you can eat, if you're lucky enough to get a table.  I will definitely return for cronuts and to try the other items at Beth's.$10 credit card minimum.  Metered parking is available on the street or there is a pay lot just across the road.
<review# 1977,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2013,2/9/2014,74,98,1,9,5>Woo! Man!Sometimes, you go out for a fancy dinner, and it's ok. Portions are too small, service is snooty, the other patrons are either absent or awful, etc.But then, other nights, you plan a romantic dinner to a place you've never been, and absolutely everything is better than you could possibly have planned!Ok, so, spectacular service, incredible food (the portions were even decent), and it was fun! That deserves another note: it was fun. All of the servers were absolutely flawless, they came exactly when they needed to (and not when they didn't) they were knowledgeable, their recommendations couldn't have been better, and, they did everything with a smile and a collection of completely unrehearsed witty comments. In other words, they were fun!Absolutely recommended, especially the Salmon, the Squash Ravioli, and the homemade limoncello!Great dining area, there are larger group tables, small tables (indoor and outdoor) and a less-formal bar that had some excellent specials - and, if it was the same bartender for the restaurant, they make a mean drink!
<review# 1978,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2013,2/8/2014,36,120,5,13,5>The ambiance leaves something (OK a lot) to be desired.  Don't be fooled.  I grew up in San Francisco, eating some of the best Chinese food in the country (at least in my opinion, which is what Yelp is all about, right?)Ting Hau's food is purely amazing.  We eat there (or take out) several times a year and we have never had anything less than _amazing_ food.My two personal favorites are the hot braised tofu (I get it extra spicy) and the hot and sour soup.  If you order to go, call ahead and it is usually done in 15 minutes.
<review# 1979,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2014,2/7/2014,156,1159,6,13,7>A quintessential American steakhouse.  A really good one.Dining room: Sexy red walls, just the right amount of dim lighting, leather horseshoe booths line the walls.  The service:  About the best in Santa Rosa.  Attentive, appreciative, smart, informed and timely.  Always a smile on all the staff faces.The food:  Excellent.  Bambie's filet mignon was declared perfect.  I had the steak frites.  It was as good as many I've had in France.  I liked it better than my usual favorite at the girl and the fig in Sonoma.  Here the dish is $9 less expensive.Wine list is rather short, about 20 selections.  Wine prices are fair.Bear in mind this report is 4 days after the grand opening.  The food and the entire staff are firing on all cylinders.Just about a perfect restaurant experience.
<review# 1980,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2014,2/6/2014,114,151,4,13,6>I stayed here the weekend of 1/4, and was pleasantly surprised. After reading some of the negative reviews on Yelp, I call bologna. Beautiful hotel- very serene, great location, nice architecture, clean, with very friendly and helpful staff. I had the pleasure of meeting Jordan at the front desk- such a pleasant and professional fellow. I also spoke with Genevieve on two occasions, also very professional. The rooms are spacious, clean, with super comfy beds that have high thread count linens, and down comforters. The hotel provides bath salts for the soaking tub, as well as toiletry items (body wash, shampoo and conditioner) in dispensers so there's no waste. There is hot a hot coffee/tea station 24/7 in the lobby and cheese/wine reception from 5-6:30. Piatti for Happy Hour/dinner is a great choice and is within walking distance. One of the highlights of the trip was the nice breakfast served on the 2nd floor. (Bacon, sausage, scrambled eggs, oatmeal, walnuts, brown sugar, waffle iron, boiled eggs, a huge assortment of different pastries, bagels, toasts, jams, a fresh fruit platter, tea and strong coffee. Truly something for everyone. At the end of my stay, I did a walk around of my room to make sure I didn't forget anything, and on my way home, the staff called to inform me that I had left my iPad. Thankful for their honesty and kindness. I will definitely be back soon!
<review# 1981,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2011,11/9/2011,34,10,,2,2>I ordered three flavors for a surprise party for my sisters 25th birthday.  I got the half baked, fleur de lis, and smores.  These cupcakes were so delicious we all ate multifples.  Ordering was easy- delivery was convienient and I would have to say that they were the tastiest cupcakes I have ever had!!-katie
<review# 1982,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2010,11/8/2011,25,11,4,3,3>This in a great spot for Thai. I could complain about portions or prices but if I wanted huge portioned food I'd go to an American spot and I haven't been to a Thai place yet that's inexpensive. CA Thai has great food every time, even when I special order something that's not on the menu, they make something great and just how I want it. I've never been there when it was so crowded that the service is lacking. It's a great date spot because of the quiet atmosphere. The service was great and the employees are never to busy to help explain the menu. I enjoyed my 30 year old hangover there with the biggest bowl of spicy prawn soup (extra spicy), it worked wonders!!
<review# 1983,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2009,11/7/2011,132,65,4,2,3>I met up with my favorite yelper Samantha V. for a beer and a snack.  We came in on a busy Friday evening.  She got there before I got there and was seated quickly for as busy as they were.  When I got there she was sipping on a death and taxes.  We chatted for a bit and decided we should share our dinners so we had more to review.  I went for the shepherds pie with brussel sprouts.  She went for the special, a pork pie with a salad and cheese.  I also ordered a beer.  There was something wrong with the keg so it took a while.  When it did come the waitress was very apologetic and told me she was comping my beer.  The food came out quickly and looked great.  My sheaperds pie was great, good portion nice flavor, and the sprouts were done perfectly.  Sam's pork pie was smaller than I thought it would be.  This was not a problem,  the salad was a good size and it left us with room for desert.  The pork pie was tasty and came with a side of horseradish,  this was the real deal clear you head out come to Jesus horseradish,  the two cheeses that accompanied it were also very tasty.  The salad was mixed greens with onions and beets, it had a house vinaigrette that was just right.  We finished it all off with the sticky toffee pudding.  Yum!  All in all a great meal.  The only draw back was the noise level and I guess I cant fault them to much, it was a Friday night at a pub.
<review# 1984,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2011,11/6/2011,36,19,,3,3>Best Salads in Town! My favorite is the Shrimp Louie! The works & Fresh! Great price for the size too!Love the vibe; casual, family operated, friendly staff. You will not be disappointed! :)
<review# 1985,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2011,11/5/2011,265,769,5,7,5>I grew up coming to the Asia Cafe.  Some of my first memories are sharing the dinner for one with my mom and the waitress Mary Ellen giving me now-and-later candies with my fortune cookies.This is the restaurant I first experimented putting ketchup into my fried rice (it's amazing if you haven't tried it) and it's the Asia Cafe that I have set the standard for every other restaurant 's won ton soup.Came on Sunday with the boyfriend. We ordered the dinner for two with two 'small' bowls of won ton soup.  first off for $3.25 the soup is HUGE, and it comes with 7 or 8 wontons in it. Almost a meal in itself.  Secondly, in 35 years the dinner for two hasn't changed one bit.  Everything tasted exactly 'as it should' in my mind.   I love the fried shrimp.  My one perplexing thing is - why is there NEVER pineapple in the sweet and sour?  It's still delicious, but man I love pineapple. Still after all these years, family owned with the same pictures on the walls (thankfully the have upgraded the booths) If you haven't been in, go.  If you have, go back, and enjoy some of the best greasy spoon chinese food there is.
<review# 1986,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2011,11/4/2011,87,152,4,6,5>I had this situation last week when I opened my eyes and got up from the acupuncture table.  My vision in my right eye was blurry.  I could not focus on anything with that eye and it lasted for about 3-4 hours. At my age (which is not your business Mr. identity theft seeker), physical issues arise which give opportunities to wonder, be concerned, or freak out.   I chose all three of those responses.   I immediately called an optometrist and Marin Opto Group was the second call.  They asked when my last eye exam was and I thought maybe 10 years ago.  They suggested to come in for a full eye exam with the good doctor Robert Levine.  If I want, he can give me a retinal scan to get a closer look for any eye disease.  Dr. Levine is great.  Very calm, thorough, and explains everything so you completely understand your eyes.   I have a very mild Presbyopia which is having difficulty focusing on close objects.  So mild, he said very few people ever where vision correction for it.  Not the reason for my temporary, focal impairment.When I did the retinal scan (Fundus Imaging - a special camera - way cool and worth doing) it revealed two healthy retinas.  Good for me!  (I now want them as a screen saver).  He did not know what caused my right eye to temporarily lose focus, but he said it may have been an ocular migraine or more specifically, a retinal migraine.The speed at which they saw me, the quality of my exams, and the helpfulness of both staff and doctor were top notch.  Fully recommend.
<review# 1987,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2011,11/3/2011,415,316,4,6,5>Call me a sucker if you will... but I get all sorts of happy feelings when I go inside a mexican resturant and their menu has pictures... I love pictures of food when it comes to Mexican resturants... so cool... guess it reminds me of something from my childhood....So needless to say "La Hacienda Bar and Grill" had me at their first hello and an open menu.I thought the food was very good..... I had the Chile relleno and tamal combo.  Both of the times were way above average in taste, texture, and quality....  I love refried beans that are creamy... theirs are creamy.... the rice was okay... and well you know the salads that come with the entree's are normally on the soggy side and this one was no exception.  Yummy homemade warm crispy thin taco chips.  Margaritas was good enough to get me back on a margarita kick... so now that is my drink of choice...  Don't dispair is you don't see enough parking in the front as you drive by there is a decent size lot in the back.Happy hour is $3.00 margaritas and 1/2 off all appetizers.  Can't beat that with a stick and come up with a better price for Sausalito.. and here is the kicker... Not a toursit spot...  yea!Hope you enjoy...
<review# 1988,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2011,11/2/2011,259,650,7,8,7>Having 2 universal donors in my family, this place calls my home more frequently than my Mom.  They can't pay people to donate blood but they can award you with things for your continued contributions.  Today I got 4 free movie theater tickets for the points we had accumulated from our donations.  That, and knowing that half my family are true lifesavers for anyone out there in distress, is very rewarding.  So go ahead, if you can stand the needles, give 'em some blood.  If you're blessed enough to be walking around with gold in your veins (universal donor blood type) call and make your appointment today.  I hate to get all slogan-y on you, but you never know when someone that someone loves can be saved by your act of generosity.
<review# 1989,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2006,11/1/2011,26,39,2,2,3>I discovered this way-better-than-your-average sports bar when looking for a last minute joint to watch the 2006 Rose Bowl.  I was heartily entertained and am still thinking about it with fond memories months later.  It was packed, but with fantastic cheap food and lots of beers and a vibe that made me scream with an exuberance I never felt for football before.Even if it's not football season I'm there every few weeks 'cause I live down the street now, and you can't beat the cheap PBRs.
<review# 1990,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2011,10/31/2011,0,4,1,3,2>We ordered invitations and were assisted by Trish. She was very helpful working with us on color combinations, the designing, and choosing the fonts, etc. We had a fabulous experience with Ajalon and everyone raved about how elegant the invitations were. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!
<review# 1991,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2009,4/9/2010,17,103,4,3,1>I get a little giggle everytime I get to say "I am taking my dog to Debbie's Pet Boutique"..  It sounds so she she, and exclusive..you just have to laugh.  Humor aside, I have been taking my little chihahua mix there for about a year to have his manicure, (toenails trimmed).  Everyone that works there is so nice, and I dont even have to make an appt for his clip.  Which really works well for me, cause scheduling is just not my thing.  Plus the toe nails seem to grow over night sometimes!They have a great selection of pet items, too...the store has become bigger since I first went there, and I love shopping around for little goodies while Axel is in the spa.  I have purchased, such items as his, hawaiian shirt, xmas leash, just to name a few.I really like this place, you should check it out!!
<review# 1992,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/28/2009,4/8/2010,32,117,2,5,2>A friend and I went here on a Tuesday night about 6:30pm. The place was already pretty lively & looks warm & inviting. We were seated quickly & bread/olive oil & water were brought right away. Our server, an older man, was Mr. grumpy. No smile, not even a small grin, had nothing to say other than 'can I take your order?', kinda glum. He kept looking around the restaurant when he spoke to us. No eye contact.I ordered the Risotto special with rock shrimp & marscapone cheese ($14.95) which sounded yummy & rich. It came to the table looking like a bowl of light orange oatmeal - hmmm. I'm still looking forward to it at this point. Tasted it - so fishy, what's with fishy when I can't even find an bits of shrimp in the bowl? It wasn't terrible, but I wouldn't order it again. Ordered a glass of Chianti Classico ($8) and it was a generous pour.Dessert was Affogato, which I always like & it was just fine - you can hardly mess up a scoop of vanilla ice cream with a shot of espresso poured over it & a bit of whipped cream on top.Overall I think I'll try it again, but I sure hope I don't get Mr. grumpy who was a downer to the experience.Total for 1 galss of wine, 1 soda, 2 entrees & 2 desserts, with tax & tip was $68. No bargain, but not a rip off either. I say give it a try.
<review# 1993,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2009,4/7/2010,15,46,3,7,5>I just moved to the area from Portland OR-- which is full of really great yarn stores --and wasn't sure where I'd wind up finding a LYS to replace my preferred couple there.Could I get any more lucky? Bluebird is RIGHT around the corner from were I work, it has a great selection of yarns in a variety of prices, and salesgirl Sophie was absolutely awesome and helped me pick out a great yarn for a scarf for my boyfriend. Fantastic!A note on the yarn: they have a good variety of prices, but you're not going to find bottom-of-the-barrel Lion brand and others here, for better or worse. I don't mind since I rarely buy those yarns (and can do so at a few other locations), but I know some people like to pick them up for quick felting projects and the like, and I didn't see anything quite like that here. There were a fair few inexpensive yarns, however.
<review# 1994,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2010,4/5/2010,1,186,3,5,3>Having eating at Thomas Keller's other Yountville ventures over the years; we were quite excited about giving ad hoc a try.  Admittedly, we didn't really do our homework all that well prior to making a reservation for what we thought was going to be lunch on Sunday.It turns out; they only serve brunch on Sunday.  But lunch, brunch or whatever you want to call it, the overall experience was wonderful.We arrived just a few minutes before our reservation and we were pleasantly greeted and promptly show to our table.ad hoc delivers a prix fixe menu that changes daily.  Their overall concept is to produce food reminiscent of home cooking - comfort food with a twist as it were.  For brunch, we had a very nice iceberg and citrus salad, followed by their version of creamed chipped beef on toast made with short ribs and brioche, fried potatoes and roasted asparagus, followed by a chocolate panna cotta for dessert.If there was anything disappointing about the experience it was their very limited tea selection.  I'd expect a larger selection of black teas than Earl Grey at an establishment such as this - especially one that serves around breakfast time.  (Next time I'll bring my own.)The SO enjoyed two sangrias which he declared to be excellent.  The wine list seemed quite reasonable.Service was very good and our server was friendly and knowledgeable about all aspects of the menu.The environment was pleasant and comfortable.We're looking forward to returning for dinner soon.
<review# 1995,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2009,4/4/2010,252,234,4,7,6>The wine list is fun. They sell you bottles to go at the 15% off and proceeds go to youth soccer. The pizzas are fresh dough, brick oven, fresh ingrediants. The salamis are yummy. They have tese pizettas that you get and pick your little dishes/dips.. artichoke dip, roasted garlic, chickpeas and shallotts..The medditerean salad pizetta is delicious, roasted peppers, baby greens, balsamic wrapped in crust. Down side, they don't serve dessert.
<review# 1996,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/17/2009,4/3/2010,415,316,3,7,5>Nice place for a very nice gourmet deli sandwich. They have a really good menu board with a ton of different combinations. The bread and meat is very fresh. I stopped by today on my way to Barnes and Nobel... I was starved. I got a tasty deli sandwich and soda for 11 bucks and some change. A tad bit higher than I would normally pay, but it was good. Since they are located in Town Center there are ton to tables that you can sit at outside and people watch and enjoy your sandwich and drink. I thought the customer service was very nice.... Everything was just okay... Nothing bad, just nothing outstanding. I would go back and if you find yourself in town center, hungry, and would love to sit outside with your kids in tow I would highly recommend this place for you and your family.....
<review# 1997,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2009,4/2/2010,253,125,6,6,9>The last time I ate here was over two years ago and I am not sure what made me stay away for so long but I had a pretty good experience here last night. The parking lot is kind of small so I had to park my car over at the near by A&W which was OK, I am not complaining. We got seated right away and they accommodated my needs. At first they sat us near a door that was opened and I politely asked the waiter if they could move us to a different table and they had no problem with that. The bread that they served was warm and tasty and the small side salad that I ordered as an appetizer was alright, I thought it could of used more tomato's but that's just me. I kind of made up my own meal last night which was good and the waiter was pretty good at accommodating what I wanted. I got spinach fettuccine with pesto sauce, sauteed mushrooms with bay shrimp all mixed in and I annihilated that entire plate (I had not eaten much yesterday until dinner). I split the Italian tiramisu and it wasn't bad but I honestly have had way better. What I do also like about this place is that it says open until 10:30pm weeknights and is one of a few restaurants in Marin/ San Rafael area that say open past 9:00pm. So we had plenty of time to eat and see a movie at the near by Cinema.
<review# 1998,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2010,4/1/2010,121,139,15,17,14>"I've waited all my life for you, now you're here..."  Ah young love!Did you know that the Cheddar Ruffles you get in the states taste NOTHING like the Ruffles "de Queso" you get in Mexico?  Well this place carries the Mexican ones!  Along with many other Mexcian chips... Yes, this is actually a big deal for me. In the same aisle as the chips, you will find this awesome drink mix called Zuko, in many different flavors.There's a panaderia with sweet breads, bolillos, cakes, flans, and jello concoctions galore!They have a deli, a tortilleria, a wonderful meat, seafood, and cheese section.  And beyond that, they of course have all the basics: milk, eggs, fruits and vegetables.Eeeeek.... I'm so excited to finally have something like this in Marin County.*undoes top button of jeans*
<review# 1999,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2009,3/31/2010,83,446,,4,2>This is a trail that has wide appeal, expansive luscious visuals, wildlife sightings, and the big bonus of Tennessee Valley Beach at the end. The trail has a little bit of incline, but not too heavy duty. It forks off to a steeper version which ends up in the same place, for those wanting more of a challenge. My out of town guests always love to go there. The beach has dark gravelly sand and lots of  interesting driftwood and rocks, as well as tiny smooth pebbles. Round trip (without a stop on the beach) takes around an hour and 15 minutes at a medium pace. Lots of families with kids go there.
<review# 2000,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2010,3/30/2010,39,92,3,4,4>Yes, this place is a bit pricey, but they use all local ingredients, so at least your money is supporting local businesses.  Everything in the place is also organic, no growth hormones, nothing with high fructose corn syrup (including the drinks), and they sell Pliney the Elder, which is an extremely delicious and very alcoholic beer, by the bottle. Pretty baller 5 dollar chicken burrito lunch special!
<review# 2001,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2009,11/7/2009,81,202,7,10,7>Let's first review the history of the space this Trader Joes occupies to understand the main problem that frustrates it shoppers, including me.  This grocery store used to be occupied by the lifeless Montecito Theater, which, even on a busy afternoon probably saw no more than a handful of bored moviegoers catching a second-run flick for half the price.  Fast forward to the present.  Now this small space is occupied by an extremely busy store that likely sees more shoppers in five minutes in one express lane than the Montecito Theater saw in an entire day!  So this one space in the shopping center goes from having 50 to 100 customers going through in a day to perhaps as much as 1500 to 2500 now?  And the parking lot didn't change one bit?  WOW...HUGE problem here!   In the beginning, I used to live pretty close to this Trader Joes and loved the prices and products but HATED the huge lines and WORST parking lot in all of Marin.When I moved to North San Rafael, I pretty much stopped coming here because all I could remember was that it wasn't worth saving a few bucks to deal with the huge lines and nightmare parking lot.In recent weeks, though, I discovered this place again.  The store and Montecito obviously have taken some steps to fix the flow of traffic.  Now there are 3 lanes for exiting the shopping center on the Trader Joes side.  Big help.  The overflow lot that they put just past the center is another plus.  Inside the store, there are a couple of more express lanes than what they had in years past.  Also gone are the crappy "punch-key" 1960's cash registers they used to have...instead SCANNERS!  And with the buzz that their Larkspur location is soon to open (in the former Tower Records location)...things can only get better here.  I was able to grab some deals and be "in and out" of this store in under 10 minutes.  Something I could NEVER say years ago!!
<review# 2002,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2009,11/6/2009,174,143,5,11,12>I've eaten here twice in the last month and I'm now officially a huge fan. Where else do you they start you off with not only bread but warm olives and fresh Parmesan cheese scraped off the biggest round of cheese you've ever seen? This place is so cozy and cute, having been in business for over 25 years of so, they've had time to perfect their menu and service. The first time I tried the fettuccine Alfredo and although it was good it paled in comparison to the spinach ravioli I tried upon my return trip. The boy had lasagna, which is his go-to dish for judging the quality of an Italian restaurant. This is his favorite type of food and the fact that he came away raving about how good it was and how he can't believe he'd never been there before pretty much sealed the deal. Our server was absolutely perfect, she was attentive even though she was very busy, our food came out promptly and we received our bill upon request. Sooooo good, can't wait to go back.
<review# 2003,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2009,11/5/2009,108,54,7,4,4>Put on a helmet because this place is going to blow your mind.  Alright after you jam your brains back into your ears dive into the awesome menu that's put out by the chefs at cafe zazzle.The staff is always super friendly and attentive, not that I really have a chance to notice because I'm usually far too busy figuring out how in the hell I'm going to finish the gigantic portion of food put in front of me.Although you may be tempted it's probably not in your best interest to eat here before going to the colorful bars in downtown Petaluma as you simply will not have any room left for drinks.Zazzle may be last in the alphabet but it is first in my heart.
<review# 2004,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2009,11/3/2009,91,259,9,9,9>Never order off the menu! Let the owner know what you're in the mood for and "wa-lah" some food master piece will land on your table that will perfectly satisfy your craving. After showing up too many times on Sunday when Avatars was closed I finally made it on a Saturday afternoon right when the restaurant opened for lunch. My expectations were met, our group of 5 sat down and the waiter came up to us right away promising us awesome dishes that we have never tasted before. I was happily surprised by the dishes we got - some Indian-Mex enchilada, a lamb dish wish rice, and spicy prawns. He started us off with 3 plates which we scarfed down happily and left us craving more so we ordered 2 more - another spiced meat dish and a wonderful cheese ravioli in curry sauce - SOOO GOOD. The Indian-Mex fusion food was awesome, the flavors were strong, vibrant, and the food was fresh. Overall, my favorite was the enchilladas and the ravioli. The owner then offered us a never before dessert (meaning if we didn't like it it would be complementary, and if we found another restaurant with this concoction it would be complementary) - still I haven't quite figured out what the heck the dessert was, all I know is that it was sweet, icy, chocolate crusted, and had pistachios on top. Taste was mediocre for the dessert, next time I'll skip the sweets and order another entree dish in its place.I'll definitely be back!! Check out enjoyavatars.com
<review# 2005,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2009,11/2/2009,352,403,5,10,9>My guilty pleasure.I have to agree with Hugh, the inside of the Yogen Fruz is very Apple-esque.  That is just Yogen Fruz's marketing genius in targeting the younger crowd.   I somehow imagine the target clientèle to be health conscious with an overabundance of fashionable technology, indulging themselves while suavely twittering/texting.For me it was a strange thing to be eating tart frozen yogurt, when it looks so much like soft serve ice cream.  The tartness doesn't stop me from gorging myself on it's frosty deliciousness. Be wary, piling on the toppings and you'll start approaching the price of a cocktail.I've tried the blended chocolate, and the plain with strawberries.  Both were good enough to make me want to return on a hot summer day.
<review# 2006,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2009,10/31/2009,86,345,4,8,6>The food at this place is nothing short of amazing. And the value?! My god! I'd eat here all the time if I lived in Santa Rosa. Cheap and amazing food (both at the same place) are super hard to come by these days. The pupusas are delicious and authentic, as is the rest of the food - and I guarantee you'll be disappointed if you leave without trying the chicken and potato pasteles. My only complaint... i don't know if it's a cultural thing or just a bad parenting thing - every time we come here? - but, there are children running around and yelling and pounding on the glass doors and being general hooligans. I understand this is a family restaurant, however, it's DISTRURBING to say the least. Last night when we were there boyfriend literally got up and went outside until one family and their awful child left because otherwise he was going to flip out on this miniature asshole and it's parents AND the staff in the restaurant because it is their responsibility to make sure all patrons are enjoying their experience, right?
<review# 2007,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2009,10/30/2009,155,397,2,5,2>Oh my is this store dangerous!They sell my favorite wine, Prisoner, they have the most amazing cheese selection and salami selection around. And that is just the tip of the iceberg. Seriously, this is a MUST GO if in town (or even near town)I recently devoured a parmigiana crusted salami sammie on soft roll with swiss and all the goodies added to it. I kid you not when I say that sandwich was the best sammie I have had in years. That salami is a direct gift from God.I love this store.
<review# 2008,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2008,10/29/2009,90,172,14,12,12>Snap Snap Snap!This place is deliciousness on a plate!  I've been here 5 times and haven't been disappointed yet.  If you have time and patience on finding a seat, eating in the dinning area is worth it- the vibe is right for enjoying some yummy Puerto Rican food (I love the beans and rice, pollo al horno, bistec and any of their sandwiches- the tostones are not to miss) either sitting family style with strangers at the long table with benches or at the window barstools.  The true entertainment though is reading the customer letter that they have posted just outside the door- they may rotate them, but when I was there, it was from some ranting douche-bag who is boycotting the place because the building is painted green.  Have you ever been to Puerto Rico???? Good thing that ass isn't going there, because this is about as unpretentious as you get in Marin.
<review# 2009,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2008,10/28/2009,19,48,4,3,6>I love the WIllowbrook. I only go when they have karaoke which is Friday and Saturdays from 8pm-1am. It's a pretty big place with pool tables and a little stage area for your karaoke pleasure. Bartender is friendly, they also have a small menu of food which available pretty late. I really have to be rather drunk to sing, but it's great to watch everyone else. June is awesome. This place touches my heart.
<review# 2010,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2009,10/27/2009,157,259,6,7,8>I only want to say one thing:eating a cup of the clam chowder is as near to a religious experience as I get these days.Lighthouse is a very tiny place, so there is usually a line out the door, but everyone seems very respectful of the order.  Nice, even.  The line goes relatively fast and it is worth the wait.Clam chowder!
<review# 2011,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2013,1/5/2014,80,105,,3,3>This is one of the best restaurants in the area. My favorite dishes are the LAMB TIKKA MARSALA, CHICKEN KORMA and their LENTIL SOUP is amazing as well. The Lentil soup is on the house (I believe only for dinner). I never ordered something I didn't like. I am always excited to eat here and would recommend this restaurant.
<review# 2012,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2013,1/4/2014,23,9,,3,2>I have been eating here for around 20 years now (since I was a young child), and it's still one of my favorite places to eat in San Rafael. I usually get a cheeseburger and fries, but they have lots of other yummy things on their menu. They make their own mayo, and the burgers are served lots of melting cheese with nice crunchy lettuce (just the way I love it!) Many of the staff remains the same from 10+ years ago, and are always very friendly.If you do come, be sure to bring cash or a debit card, as they don't accept credit cards. :)
<review# 2013,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2013,1/3/2014,2,13,1,3,2>I ordered flowers for 2 corporate events - this place is OUTSTANDING. Words cannot describe the amazing dinner arrangements they created for me. I described the look and feel of what I wanted for each dinner and event and the team at Beau Fleurs created a vision of Napa in its fullest. Absolutely hands down the best florist in Yountville - Napa area. Don't bother going anywhere else.
<review# 2014,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2013,1/2/2014,19,18,,7,3>I've been doing this tattoo thing for awhile now. In most shops, I could walk in with a knife in my hand, and I'd still be ignored by the staff. Or given a snotty look by whomever is sitting around pretending to work. But it's their house, right? This is definitely not the case at Lucky Drive. It's like no tattoo shop I've ever been to. First, I called and they said to come on by. Their competitor thinks that everyone has all the time in the world to come by, drop off a deposit, then come back to get the tattoo. I was skeptical when I was told to just drop in. If I'm calling, it means I want an appointment because I actually want the work. Jason saw what I wanted and dove right in. Let's talk about Jason for a second - this guy is full of love. He seems to truly enjoy talking to the person is in his chair. No snobbery. And it's not small talk. He digs having a real conversation. He has interesting opinions and a great sense of humor to boot.And the work - what I had done wasn't massive, but it required precision. Yeah, he's tracing, but he's tracing perfectly straight lines with a bunch of needles onto a skin canvas. And they are perfect. I couldn't have gotten them so precise if I used a pen and a ruler. He even improved what I brought in.Sure, it's their house, but Lucky Drive made me feel like I was home.
<review# 2015,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2013,1/1/2014,5,58,2,3,2>If you are local, you know this place like a big ol' pink and white landmark. It's a divey kind of diner on one side and a bakery on the other. Think mom and pop place. Maybe sometimes some of the staff can seem a bit surly as the previous reviewers here seem to state. I've always found them friendly, just hard working waitresses who usually are running the whole place and the register. Food is typical diner fare. Breakfast every hour, it could save the world. Try a burger though, I had to come back the fries with my juicy, perfectly cooked burger were like crack. So good. If you visit the bakery, try the champagne cake, its to die for. Lightest cake layers you can imagine with lovely custard between. It really is drool worthy. The only thing I wish they had longer hours really. I wonder if this place would do well even open until 6PM or so. I guess when they start at probably 3AM or thereabouts, open until 3-4PM as they seem to be now is as late as they can manage. They have daily specials posted on the board. Usually about 3 or 4 a day of various items or entrees. Chicken apple sausage! But the biscuit and gravy was a stunning disappointment for this southern gal. You don't use link hunks in there! Sigh. Other than that, it was good grub and a great local place to check out for eats. Frequent turn over and those crowded times means fresher food due to stock rotation if nothing else. Plus I heard Gilwoods closed. Give Buttercream a whirl if you're in town.
<review# 2016,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2013,12/31/2013,90,177,2,4,2>I wish I had a bad thing to say about this bakery, so I wouldn't overindulge myself in all the extra calories I've consumed since I found it.... but unfortunately I have nothing but amazingness to spew about this place. Their cookies, preferably oatmeal-raisin and chocolate chip are scrumptious. HUGE and only $2. A total steal. The scones are perfectly flavored, not overwhelmingly sweet. The pecan-cinnamon bun, holy God. The gourmet pizzas, AH.A lot of their items are gluten-free. Shwing!I can't wait to try the goodies on the Holiday menu; roasted apple pie, marzipan stolen, gluten-free pumpkin-cranberry bread, fruitcake, blueberry cream cheese bread. I just can't contain myself writing this... drooling. all. over.
<review# 2017,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2013,12/30/2013,100,150,2,8,2>Very excited to see where this goes. They are doing a soft opening at the moment. I could see this place really taking off as the new easy going hang out spot at the Larkspur/ Corte Madera split.  It is really cozy inside, and feels like a diner/ pub.  My husband says it makes him feel like he's home in England and could hang out there and drink for hours...We went in after learning this was owned by the same people as Wellington's Wine Bar in Sausalito.  We LOVE Wellingtons!I had ricotta dumplings with mushrooms and truffle.My husband had the pepperoni flatbread.The dumplings were very rich, but super tasty.The flatbread was typical flatbread, nothing fancy, but it did the trick!  Rich was hoping for whole pieces of pepperoni, but they were chopped up in the sauce.  No big deal.Excellent wine & beer selection.  They do 1/2 glasses of wine too!!! So great! Would love to see a more expansive menu with a broader price range, it was a bit pricey, but I think they are still working it out. More salad options and warm small plates would be great.  They have a lot of meat cheese selections (my favorite)  which are pricey as well, but we didn't order them, so maybe the portions are big?  Looking forward to going back and excited to have them in my parents neighborhood!
<review# 2018,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2013,12/29/2013,47,456,,2,1>It's a small little place with some pretty yummy food! If you go in at odd hours, there will be no one there and it will be a little awkward as the employees are prepping and taking care of things as they switched from lunch to dinner. If you're patient, you'll be greeted and get a place to sit.The waitress was excellent! My food came super fast and it was very good! Fried tofu...Mmmm and it reheats well for left overs. Pad thai was also very good. I must admit that I do have a favorite and I've been trying to find other places that make pad thai like my favorite place, but their pad thai was great! Would definitely go back! I forgot my card after a late lunch/early dinner and went back about 30 mins later and the restaurant was hopping and there were several people utilizing the outdoor seating as well.
<review# 2019,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2013,12/28/2013,6,26,,2,1>Excellent service and food. We had the lobster bisque, grilled calamari, Maryland crab cakes  with delicious aioli, BBQ oysters and the Crab and shrimp Louie. Everything was excellent and the service was great from both the waitress and the busboy. Good selection of half bottles as well. The outside dining was very comfortable with a nice view of the harbor. Try this place you will like it. Dogs are welcome on the outside dining.
<review# 2020,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2013,12/27/2013,13,5,2,7,3>I really think this is the best taqueria in Santa Rosa.  Their standard veggie burrito is vegan, with black beans, whole wheat tortilla, and tons of veggies like: cauliflower, broccoli and purple cabbage.  I've even noticed that they sauté the veggies in a separate pan, so it is not cooked on the same surface as meat.  The veggie Mex is great too, and has cheese & sour cream.  I don't eat meat, but my friend had the grilled chicken and said it was the best burrito he'd ever had.   It's always super clean, and the people working there are really very nice and friendly.  I've gone to this place for years, and they are always fast & delicious.
<review# 2021,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2012,2/5/2014,735,585,4,7,5>Truly a must see when driving through Napa and winery hopping.  This place is amazing, and the view is breathtaking on a nice sunny day.  For those who like sparkling wines, just come here and relax on their patio.  It's great for people watching while sipping on delicious wines and small plates of food.  The chateau is elegant and the store is filled with lovely treats and great books from Thomas Keller i.e., French Laundry, Ad Hoc, Bouchon, etc.  Lots to explore!
<review# 2022,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2013,2/4/2014,259,650,13,16,14>To my right:  "Order the Boquerones"To my left: "Try the Boquerones"To anyone that would listen: "You have to have the Boquerones"It was my ordering up of the Boquerones, as my first tapas of the night, which caused the bartender to later reveal that he felt the need to offer up no menu suggestions to me.  I clearly knew what I was up to.  Smart man, smart me.  The Boquerones are a menu item of sheer perfection and one that most people would overlook.  The man to my right was a frequent patron, a local, who revealed he had never before had the Boquerones.  It also wasn't on the radar of the couple to my left.  With my encouragement, everyone all around me ended up ordering the Boquerones and had pretty much the same reaction as me: "What is giving it that exquisite tang?"  I might be mistaken, but Boquerones seemed to be the most perfect example of umami - the 5th flavor - ever.  Spanish white anchovies, sliced egg, and remoulade on grilled bread ($7).  So simple, so complex, so freakin' delectable.  Don't miss it.Then there's all of the other delicious, more obvious menu standouts.  I sampled widely:* Ceviche del Dia ($10) - Citrus marinated flounder with jicama, avocado, and tortilla chips* Chilipepper Rockfish ($10) - Seared crispy, finished with a Basque Tximitxurri & Sherry Vinegar * Queso Frito ($10) - Pan fried Manchego Cheese with Roasted Poblano Chiles & Guajillo Sauce* Harissa Spiked Lamb Burger with Chickpea Hummus, Tzatziki & Homemade Pita Bread ($11)* Chilaquiles ($10) - Pork Shoulder, Goat Eye Beans and Tortilla Chips topped with a Poached Egg This food, all of it a delight, is made all the more perfect by wine or sangria (not fab, but a-ok) accompaniment.  Zuzu takes no reservations but has some spaces at the bar from which the full menu can be enjoyed.  I found the bar seating to be a perfect setting from which to dine.  If you're lucky there, listen up, and you might pick up some menu recommendations from your fellow bar patrons.
<review# 2023,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2014,2/3/2014,53,163,5,8,6>Tomatina is now my go-to place for a meal after a visit to Northgate for shopping or movies. I had the opportunity to try a tasting of many of their menu offerings, and quite enjoyed what the restaurant has to offer.Appetizers:Tomatina Garlic Rolls: These are extremely delectable, especially when paired up with their marinara and ranch sauces. The chef puts a generous portion of chopped garlic and parmesan, giving a blast of flavor, but a bit too much oil in my opinion. Also, some of the garlic rolls were a tad too hard as I had trouble jabbing my fork into a few.Crispy parmesan polenta: Again, I love the generous portions of parmesan complementing the crispiness of the polenta. A lighter and refreshing appetizer.Entrees:Carne Combo Pizza: A generous portion of a wide variety of carved meats coating a delectably chewy crust. As a meat lover, this pizza seems to be made just for me. I also love the mushroom pairing along with the mixture of mozzarella and parmesan. However, the pizza overall was just a tad salty, but that's expected with all the meat.Roasted Garlic and Mushroom Pizza: Flavorful, but too oily once again for my taste.Margherita Pizza: I wish that there was a bit more basil in this dish to add a difference to the overwhelming cheese and marinara in the rest of the dishes, but still a delicious slice of pizza.Ricotta gnocchi: This was a pleasant addition to the pasta, but in my opinion it wasn't quite chewy enough. Penne Bolognese: I'm a big fan of mushrooms, sausage, and sun-dried tomatoes in a pasta, so this was one of my favorite dishes of the night. It was awesome to find a bit of kale in the pasta as well.Dessert:Although not on the dessert menu, Tomatina offered freshly made cream puffs and some delicious mini brownie bites. I do wish that they chilled the cream puffs to give it more of a bite rather than completely melting in the mouth, but they drizzled caramel on top which was a sweet and crispy touch.Drinks:I have to make a note just for this drink. Vanilla mint lemonade: The best. It is an absolute must as a complement to the meal. The bartender shredded a generous portion of mint, mixing it with some vanilla syrup, lemonade, and soda. After seeing my drink, everyone at my table ordered one too!While overall, the food was good but a tad on the oilier side, I will definitely be returning to try some of their other menu options. Looking at their menu now, their piadines seem to be an interesting and fun concept!
<review# 2024,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2014,2/2/2014,26,20,,5,3>Heaven in your mouth.I highly recommend:Mac & Cheese with baby scallopsSmoked Trout & green bean saladClam StripsBacon Wrapped ScallopsBasically everything I have tried on their menu is melt in your mouth good. The place is fancy and pricey, but so worth it. Service was great, too!Cheers!
<review# 2025,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2013,2/1/2014,38,137,1,4,2>I have been coming here since my kids were little and now they are really big....but we still love this place!  My usual is an asiago bagel toasted with cream cheese and just a bit of turkey...unless I get the turkey breakfast bagel which is a tasty scramble, but again for me, on the toasted asiago.  When my sons were little I would buy the mini bagels, a small cream cheese and a Martinelli's little apple shaped juice bottle for the lunch.  They were a hit and all the other kids wanted to share, which came in handy if someone forgot their lunch at school...so this morning, even though they are pretty much grown up...I went in to get them those bagels to take as lunch.  I know they will get a kick out of it when they open their backpacks!   This is the true Mom & Pop shop. The whole family pretty much works here and are super nice and it is great to support a local business! Love this place.
<review# 2026,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2014,1/31/2014,59,62,6,10,9>Oh wow! Lil' Porkhouse, you have out done yourself! I really can't explain in words how good the food was.  It transcended my ability to formulate words to compare it to anything else. Pulled chicken = completely amazing! Brisket = juicy and melt in your mouth! Corn bread = ridiculous (in the best way possible)! Mac and cheese = I would kill someone to get this recipe (not really but I might consider it ;-)).  But the true champion is Ian the pastry chef! The "cheesecake on steroids" was the very best most wonderfully deliciously amazingly scrum-didlie-umptious morsel I have ever put in my mouth. I literally foodgasmed (a couple times)! I was planning on getting fit for the new year but my new plan is to spend whatever my budget will allow at this amazing restaurant!
<review# 2027,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2013,1/30/2014,1,4,2,6,4>I am a regular customer of Cain's Tires and yesterday was in an emergency situation.I had a nail in both back tires and had to drive all the way to Pebble Beach to sing at an event. It takes three hours to get there from Marin and I only had an hour to get those tires replaced in order to make it on time. Debbie, who was at the front desk was courteous, kind and fast, understanding my situation. Cain's was pretty busy yesterday and when it was looking like I was gonna have to chance it on the tires because I couldn't afford to be late, Debbie took matters into her own hands, drove my car inside the garage herself and got the guys on it immediately. My car was finished in twenty minutes, perfect and ready to go. I got to Pebble Beach in plenty of time. I told Debbie and her co-worker (If I remember correctly his name was Jason)  I would write a positive review on Yelp! They both were very gracious and grateful for the gesture. Here you go, Cain's Tires! You deserve it. Thank you so much for taking such great care of me yesterday.
<review# 2028,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2013,1/29/2014,2595,287,18,22,23>I hesitate to tell this in public, but once upon a time I was.........a vegetarian. I KNOW, I know, the collective gasp across the yelpsphere was enough to wake the dead, but it's true. Thankfully this story has a happy ending; as I've been in recovery from vegetarianism for over 4 years. Cue the applause-Now that I do eat meat, I tend to be more selective than I was previously on what types of meat I do consume. Thankfully Bud's is a short drive from home, and gives me everything I need to stay on task with the meat. I'm sure everyone in the place laughs at me once I leave, but I don't care! It's totally worth it. My go-to's are vast: gotta have the grass-fed filet mignon, the chicken pesto sausages, the rack of lamb, and the best of the best is the grass-fed beef marrow. With these magical buddies I get the guys at buds to slice open for me even though they're frozen, so that I can roast them and serve them pretty to my dinner guests. Delicious (albeit an acquired taste), and so easy. The guys even do special orders, I just let them know what I want, grass-fed stew meat, stroganoff or fajita cuts, or even steaks, and they call me when it's packaged and ready to go.The last time I was there, I picked up some cowboy candy, which is a slightly sweet jerky, and some salmon jerky which was absolutely delicious.The best part of this experience for me, is that I'm supporting a local small business, and not handing over my paychecks to safeway, when there's an absolutely delightful business right here on Petaluma Hill Road that does it better, healthier, and local. Why go anywhere else?!
<review# 2029,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2013,1/28/2014,63,261,4,5,4>Best straight-forward hamburger in Santa Rosa, hands down.  We've been coming here for breakfast or lunch for years but to us, no place compares for when we want burgers. They buy their meat fresh daily and season it with just salt and pepper.  (I wish I liked their fries but really, if I'm eating the burger, I'm already doing enough damage!)Carlos and Karen are real deal folk and will sit down at the table with us for a few minutes just to chat.   My son is a born shmoozer and will sit inside at the bar, by himself, talking to servers, patrons and cooks.  I'm always aware of him not being an annoyance but he seems to be developing a good judge of when enough is enough.  But again, about the food ....I really only order two items here.  Hamburger or Huevos Rancheros.  Just depends on my mood. :)Yes it's a hole in the wall, divey place.  Love it!
<review# 2030,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2013,1/27/2014,68,196,4,9,4>I don't like beer. So 90% of you can stop reading now.I do, however, love delicious vegetarian food. Lagunitas has 3 different veggie sandwiches - the artichoke press is particularly good. Tangy artichoke hearts, salty cheese, and perfectly acidic balsamic vinaigrette. Yum! The cheese nachos are also really tasty. Tons of toppings and pretty good quality chips.The main outdoor area was packed and loud, so we decided to sit down by the outdoor stage. In that area, you order and pay at the register, and they give you a table number. We didn't mind not having a regular waiter at all. Someone still came by to clear dishes a few times and that was really all we needed.
<review# 2031,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2014,9/28/2014,765,333,4,6,6>Scene: It's a Burger joint with plenty of booths and tables to accommodate a group.  It's humble unlike other locations, like SF, Oakland, and North Berkeley.  They have outdoor seating too, which is right out front.Food: Yummy.  They use high quality meat that is cooked the way you like it. I've been happy with their veggie, turkey, and beef burgers.  Also they do skinny, steak, and curly fries right.  But, if you're like me and judge a burger joint by its shakes, then this place is the biz.  They do black cherry, black cherry chocolate, vanilla, Oreo, chocolate malt... Ok that's all I remember.  I personally love the Oreo shake, served up with no whip, and a silver mixing cup w/ extra to share...  It's sad when everyone else at the table wants a shake too but their inner voice said don't.  That lil extra is usually just enough to keep em' calm. Barney's- not a scary burger.
<review# 2032,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2014,9/27/2014,107,80,4,4,3>We went on Sept 4, 2014 to celebrate our 16th anniversary.  Overall we had a lovely time.  Friendly service and pretty good food.For starters our party of 4 had the Salmon Rillette, Gazpacho, Oyster Cebiche, and Warm Oyster Shigouku.  All were tasty and interesting.  The Oyster dishes each came with 5 Oysters.  The Warm Oyster dish edged out the Cebiche as our favorite of the two.  In the Cebiche the citrus overwhelmed the taste of the Oyster but was overall still a successful dish.The Gazpacho preparation was quite remarkable and different.  This was the favorite starter among the 4 of us.  It came with two scallops on the side and they were cooked to perfection.The Salmon Rillette was extremely flavorful as well, but a bit too salty.  The serving size was also quite large.For entrees 3 of our party ordered the Halibut and I ordered the Duck Breast.  The duck was cooked sou vide and then finished (I believe under a salamander).  The duck was flavorful but I was disappointed that the skin didn't crisp up as the waitress said it would.  The Tromboncino squash puree, compressed Frog Hollow Farm peach, fingerling potatoes, hibiscus gastrique, Chanterelle mushrooms that came with the duck were outstanding.The Halibut dish was unexpectedly very rich, with the Gratin Savoyard, Bloomsdale spinach, crispy onion ring, and "beurre blanc".  One of the Halibut was slightly overcooked but not enough to send back.  All three diners reported that the Halibut was also a successful dish.For dessert, we had the Valrhona Chocolate Mousse.  It was a nice rich dark chocolate and paired nicely with the complementary dessert wine.We will be back in the future to try some of their other dishes.
<review# 2033,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2014,9/26/2014,34,226,3,6,3>Seriously- add this to the top of your list because this place is amazing! Took the husband some convincing "we're going to eat inside a clothing store???" So glad I insisted. The decor was chill, and we even got to watch the sun set behind Mt. Tam- a perfect Marin fairytale. We were greeted by the hostess and someone I assume was the manager- and both were really nice. I had the Malbec by the glass- very generous pour and it was delicious. Our server Moises was really nice, making conversation but not too much, I felt that he was genuine. He was cool- checking up on us throughout the meal without hovering too much, and i think he did a great job. On to the noms! We had- in order of favorites: cilantro lime chicken tacos, caramel chicken wings, lemon risotto with seared scallops, parmesean arugula polenta salad, and the short rib sliders. The tacos came in little minis, packed with flavor. The risotto and string beans were awesome, felt that the scallops were too salty for my liking. Wow those chicken wings were great! They were his favorite, but sometimes I get weird about chicken so maybe that's why it made third on my list. Made the husband order a salad and it was delicious- lightly dressed the way I like. Lastly came the sliders- not my favorite. I felt the brioche bun really didn't fit and the meat inside was just meh. The exotic chips that came with it were good (no idea what that vegetable is called but it's Asian and has holes in it and kind of tastes like sweet potatoes). Of course we wanted dessert and we got the butterscotch pot de creme and the berry cobbler with cookie crust and vanilla ice cream. We did not care for the pot de creme and polished off every last bite of the cobbler. I'm already strategizing my next trip back there. Tomorrow is the grand opening but I probably won't make it. Believe me when I say there will be many, many more visits here in the future.
<review# 2034,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2014,9/25/2014,120,109,1,6,4>Came here for a cut from Leah. It's a very low key place. Just fancy enough to feel like you'll get professional service, but not so fancy that you are hesitant to walk in the door.Leah was great, I'm very "whatever" about my hair so I was glad when she took charge and suggested what I should do. yay! haha. If I could describe Leah it would have to be detail oriented. Very thorough, took a little longer than my normal cut and style takes, but not by much. Love how it turned out. Even after the styling is gone, I don't have to do anything because I don't have crazy hairs going everywhere. Thank you! The price is good as well. Normally $30 for a shampoo, cut and style is Not bad. I've definitely had a lot worse at a lot higher price point. You can count on me being a return customer :)
<review# 2035,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2014,9/24/2014,652,151,6,8,6>Pretty epic cupcakes! I've actually eaten ALL of them already - as well as the macaroons (and I've paid for it at the gym, so don't judge me).My favs:Limonatta: lemon cake, lemon curd filling topped with lemon buttercreamOOH LA LA: red velvet cake with cream cheese frosting24 Carrot: carrot cake and cream cheese frosting Irish Dream: chocolate stout cake topped with irish cream buttercream Samoa: coconut cake, chocolate ganache filling and caramel frosting, rolled in toasted coconut (like the Girl Scout cookie!!)The decor is stellar, happy and light - it kind of reminds me of the froyo shops in LA, like Mechies and PinkBerry, just a lovely, bright dancing sugar rush environment. Staff is also friendly and helpful - I also appreciate being included in important conversations like Harry Potter vs. Lord Of The Rings (which franchise FTW?).I'm gonna need a frequent flyer card - I've already spent way too much money here ;)
<review# 2036,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2014,9/23/2014,31,59,7,14,6>WOW, this is a true "RANGE WAR" here, where Lucinda's is concerned. To be honest, when there is this much swing in reviews, something is wrong and it's often with the reviewers themselves, many of whom have unrealistic expectations. Lucinda's is a tiny, Hole in the Wall, off the 101, There is really no seating, not much more parking and, there is a constant long line of, mostly "real" people, gardeners, carpenters, electricians, local workers who have little time and aren't likely to spend a lot of $$$$ for a fast feed. These people are fiercely loyal and, rarely disappointed. No one goes to Lucinda's for the BEST of anything. We go for consistent "what we expect". Good, clean, honest food at reasonable prices, given that it's in Marin. This isn't billed as authentic Mexican food. It's LUCINDA'S version of Mexican food. Could the salsa be hotter? Absolutely!!! Could the service be a little less "eye roll" and a bit more "hello" and yet, just how much do you think these hard working people earn there, probably speaking very little English??? Give them a little bit of a break!We are even vegan and we were so well cared for, other places in the area pale by comparison. That they have freshly grilled vegetables and fresh beans and rice to fill their burritos in fresh, soft, hot tortillas, that they have handmade tamales, out of six types, 3 were vegetarian and two of those were vegan, makes me fiercely loyal.You don't have to be mean to vote. Lucinda's is humble and makes no pretensions about being anything else. Good grief guys. Lighten up a bit!
<review# 2037,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2014,9/22/2014,178,402,5,5,5>Hamilton Marketplace is no longer new, but it's certainly not old yet. Starting with Safeway, Hamilton has been making Novato better (imho, I guess) since about 2008.Besides the Safeway, Hamilton is mostly about good dining. There is Toast, where I love to eat pizza with egg on it. It was a great place to take my grandma - good parking, a menu that pleases everyone, and a view of the hills (yes across a freeway) that she always loved.There is La Boulange, where the pastries and cafe are delicious, and can be enjoyed outside by the foutain. Oddly, I had my last cuppa coffee with an ex as I moved out of state.There is also Sonoma Latina Grill, where you can enjoy a quick burrito, crispy salad, or nice glass of sangria. When my dad and I used a groupon here, he was super impressed with the service and the crunchy romaine. There is more, too. I remember that when Hamilton first opened my coworker gushed about how amazing it all was. At this point, I'll concede. She was right, this is a pretty great shopping center.
<review# 2038,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2014,9/21/2014,1177,95,6,6,6>Great place to visit if interested in history of the area, also very kid friendly. Wish it was open for more days / hours. The depot contains a working model railway layout of Tiburon rail yard in 1909. You can look out the window and see how the very same land lies now. Also fascinating artifacts and dvds related to rail in the area and the NWP railroad. Worth lingering and chatting to the knowledgeable and friendly docents. TIP: If there are two docents there ask to see the resident's quarters upstairs, it is really interesting. The location on the waterfront in Tiburon is stunning - a beautiful park next door and expansive views of the bay.
<review# 2039,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2014,9/20/2014,119,96,4,4,5>I will DEFINITELY be back here!!! Some of the best Thai food I've had (in America) :). I lived in Thailand for a year, and after coming back, I haven't really found many Thai food places that can measure up. But I decided to give it another shot...and am so glad I did!! This place was great!! Pros: -They had a lot of my favorite dishes that not all places seem to have. (I posted pics of some of them.)-All of the dishes were made very well and tasted amazing. -Friendly service. -Food came out pretty quickly. -Can substitute tofu into any dish...so it's great for vegetarians such as myself!  -Large menu...lots of food options!-Cute inside. Quiet. Not too packed full. -Great location in Santa Rosa (for me!).Cons:-Outside looks a little sketchy.-Not the cheapest place ever. For three people we ended up spending over $70 (not counting the tip).  -If it's busy, I imagine it would be hard to get parking.I cannot wait to go back!
<review# 2040,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2014,9/19/2014,39,74,4,5,3>I stated in my first review that the pastries are as good as what you'll find in Paris. Well we just returned from Paris, and I reiterate that assertion. And it's not only the croissants; we tried lots of different pastries from a handful of patisseries and bakeries and Paris, and a week after we got home we went to Rustic to compare. And what we had was just as good as what we had in Paris, including the place in the Latin Quarter we walked for 20 minutes to find because we heard they had the best croissants in Paris. Yes, Rustic is even better than that gem.I feel fortunate to have Rustic so close to home, and after visiting Paris I will no longer be taking Rustic for granted!
<review# 2041,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2012,8/26/2012,102,312,1,3,3>$15 sampler. I nearly coughed out one of my 30 samples of beer when I saw the tab. Coming from SF I can't think of anything that cheap. We added a Pliny and bendiction for a total of $23. I'm sorry $23 is unheard in SF, what a deal, quick curt service, a good energy and with lots of dudes to check out!
<review# 2042,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2012,8/25/2012,69,46,5,8,6>I'm not going to comment on the other reviewers and their complaints because it seems like they came from a different establishment entirely. Oops, I guess I just commented. heheGranted, when my very pregnant (and hungry) friend and I decided to drive down to this little gem from Petaluma so that we could sit on the water and have a bite while we chatted endlessly, we had no idea we would walk in RIGHT as they were closing for the dreaded in-between lunch and dinner limbo. DAMN IT. The place was pretty empty (except for a few bar-goers) with wait staff resetting tables and cleaning the place up. But the bar was open, and there was a very friendly face waiting for us there. Alas, we didn't come to drink, we came to eat.A waitress came up to us and explained that we were too late and that they reopened for dinner at 5:30. It was only 2:30, and if someone didn't feed preggers, it was gonna get ugly.  I MEAN REALLY UGLY!  I thought she was going to go ahead and eat the waitress for turning us away - or more so for repeating that they wouldn't be serving again until 5:30. Not only that, her bun in the oven kicked as her other little one in tow grew agitated.That's when the waitress's light bulb went off, "You could order from the bar menu, but you'll have to serve yourselves when it's ready; no table service."  Ah, at least we could sit outside, enjoy the water, and expand our waistlines a little. It was SOMETHING. We'll take it! We walked over to the bar (baby and baby sissy's first bar, I swear) and Tim, the awesome bartender, greeted us with a sweet smile so we instantly felt better. He told us what was on the bar menu, fried this and that plus greasy that and this. When he sees our unmasked disappointment, he asks what we'd like. That was so the right thing to do as we're drooling over the lunch specials board, each wanting something from there. So Tim disappears into the kitchen and comes back out and says, 'You got it! No problem." We were thrilled!  Not only that, but we DID GET table service courtesy of Tim, the food was GREAT, and the CHEF CAME OUT to check on us and coo at the baby. Couldn't believe the great service we received. It was above and beyond, it really was. Nourish is highly recommended in my opinion.  A++++ for excellent accommodation and presentation.  Yay!
<review# 2043,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2011,8/24/2012,12,16,,5,1>The thrifty Hippie is the bomb!!! I love how sweet the owners are . They are so helpful if you're looking for something that's almost impossible to find. Great prices. Clean merchandise. All kinds of goodies. I really like the fact that all the children s items are free. Clothes , shoes and toys!   So nice for families affected by the economy. I will do my best to encourage my family and friends to shop there but also to donate their lovingly use childrens items. I can't say enough good things about the Thrifty Hippy. I think they're awesome:)
<review# 2044,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2012,8/23/2012,43,13,1,2,1>Yum. Yum. Double Yum.My citrus-y, mango-y, yummy-y smoothie was the best I've ever had!  And it made my day because it matched my pretty coral dress.  That's always a plus!
<review# 2045,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/31/2011,8/22/2012,47,456,,4,2>Ricotta, potato, and spinach pizza was fantastic. The crust was actually the show stealer. It was really fluffy and had wonderful flavor! Tried some cookies as well, which were excellent. The chocolate bread pudding looked amazing, but it wasn't tried. If you go in with a couple people, it's helpful to mention that you all are going to get pizza, otherwise, it takes a long time to get each individual slice.
<review# 2046,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2009,8/21/2012,28,13,,1,2>I really like this salon. The ladies are always chatty in a non personal way with each other so I have never felt left out or ignored like at other salons. I have had Megan and Rachel and I like them both. Meghan cut my daughters hair last time and it turned out super cute and age appropriate (4 yrs) Rachel did mine and she shaped it beautifully. I prefer Rachel to Meghan but both cuts were exemplary. Rachel just listens a bit better.I would recommend this place to anyone. The mood is wonderful and it's beautifully decorated.
<review# 2047,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/25/2012,8/20/2012,87,152,2,4,3>This is for the massage service not the retail store:I've only been once so I cannot speak to the many therapists they employ.  My first appointment was with a student therapist who unfortunately did not show up.  I was promptly offered a huge discount on another therapist, a professional, about an hour later.  I went for it and was pleasantly surprised by the skill level of the no-longer-a-student therapist.  I would ask for her again but I forgot her name!   Do not expect a spa-like atmosphere as this is a retail store with 2 rooms for massage.  You can schedule on line which is a real plus for us techno slaves.  I plan to go again.
<review# 2048,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2012,8/19/2012,62,208,2,4,2>Great place to walk and hike. Fantastic views of Petaluma too!
<review# 2049,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2012,8/18/2012,112,291,,5,4>I enjoy the number 4 ( omelette with Chester and onion, bacon and mushroom but I add avocado) also the Benedict is amazing ( crab cake and California are the best. ) I have been coming here for 25 years and still is an amazing breakfast at an honest price. Served by an amazing staff.
<review# 2050,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2012,8/17/2012,765,333,14,24,12>Fabulous stack of stairs 688 - shaded by beautiful tall redwood trees!  Bring your pups; but unless you want to hear some yuppies yacking about the law, try to leave them on their leash! My absolute favorite hike (7.5 miles) starts on this trail - I begin by the Mill Valley Public library.  I won't echo too much of what others have said now, but will just point out a few reasons why I love this trail, and what makes it unique:1.  It's as difficult or easy as you make it - depending on speed and breaks.  One thing is for sure - you will burn at least a pound if you make it through this! 2. The stairs are shaded3.  There are a few open spaces for you to unleash your pup's inner beast.  Your pup is sure to be a dead dog for a day after you complete this trail - love you for it!4. Views: trees and coastal line - absolutely amazing.5.  All ages hike this trail - super motivating.  Note don't trip if a three year old passes you - they likely hike this regularly.6.  Your butt will burn and your legs will shake - feel your accomplishment7.  You're already up there so can just stop at the mountain theater - sit and take a break.8.  Best endorphin rush when you're done - swear it - comes at the very end when your face turns red and you have stopped moving.TIPS:(1) don't even think of dehydrating yourself or your pup - stay hydrated to keep your energy high.  (2) Pack a light snack for the rigor and reward yourself with some serious calories when you get to Stinson!  (3) Bring a friend or a few - if you don't know the trail, its really easy to get lost.  Especially when there hasn't been a recent major race and the weeds have grown in.  (4) Don't be shy if you get lost, even locals do, just ask for directions.  (5) Keep going! People have been racing this trail for over 100 years - you might think you're gonna die - but you won't.  Just keep going... the beach is your reward!  Get a ride back =)  (6) be prepared to be useless the following day.Location &  Segment distance: most are markedOld Mill Park  0.2 (first 0.2)Bay View Drive @ Panoramic Highway  0.9  (1.1 done)Muir Woods Parking Lot  1.0  (2.1 done)Cardiac Hill  2.3  (4.4 done)Bridge at Steep Ravine  1.6  (6 done)Stinson Beach  1.5  (7.5 total done)
<review# 2051,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2009,11/28/2009,100,150,11,13,10>Looks like a mixed bag of reviews, but I am going to slap another 5 stars across Bungalow 44's face!  That's a love slap.Took the BF here for dinner last night and stuffed our faces while watching the end of the Patriot/Buffalo game last night.. damn that was a good game and I don't even like football.Anyway, Debbie? I think you were our waitress and you are... for lack of a better phrase, freakin awesome! I had the Talbott Chardonnay to wash down our homemade Burrata Mozzarella with spicy coppa, roasted garlic and crostini.  Holy shit, they gave us a whole roasted clove of garlic to slather on our crostini which was also homemade.Next we had the heirloom tomato salad from the nightly specials.For dinner I had the Lamb and Kobe meatballs with Parmesan risotto made with white truffle oil.  (Yes I am going to the gym tonight to work it off)Ben had the Ahi tuna pepper steak which came with grilled artichokes and baby tomatoes.. again holy shit. Everything was right. Casual, yet elegant atmosphere, perfect service, great wine list, comfortable seating.  I'm a super fan.  Can't wait to go back. Thanks Bungalow Debbie, you are a sweetheart.
<review# 2052,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2008,11/27/2009,4733,976,3,10,9>Simply put, this is Little Italy in Santa Rosa. I've been going here since it first opened about 6 years ago, and I never get sick of it. The place is always packed, and for good reason. Joe LoCoco, the owner and chef is from Sicily and has brought an entourage of Italian waiters and cooks with him to LoCoco's, making it a ridiculously authentic experience. The staff is always charming, greeting you with kisses on both cheeks and showering you with "ciao bella"s all night long (ok, maybe that's once you become a regular). A feast for the ego, but that's just the beginning. My girlfriends and I like to sit at the bar while waiting for our table, sipping some Prosecco or Sangiovese. The wine list is wonderfully simple - Californian and Italian wines, and Joe has a real knack for choosing vinos that play well with his rustic Italian dishes.The menu is a tantalizing collection of hearty Italian fare, and no matter what you order the quality is consistently good and the portions extremely generous considering their way-low prices (entrees from $10-25). The specials are irresistible. Last time we had the Pappardelle with Wild Boar Sausage and Forest Morels, and it was AMAZING. I'm not a huge Caesar salad fan but there's something about LoCoco's Caesar that has me gobbling it up (they only use the hearts of romaine, thick shavings of parmesan, and a hint of anchovy in the dressing). You will never have room for dessert, but you should always order it anyway. The tiramisu is insane, and the housemade cannolli's are award-winning. Oh, and how could I forget the fresh foccacia and olive tapenade that you get as soon as you sit down. A meal in itself!Can't say enough good things about this place. Not the best for a quiet romantic evening, but great for a rambunctious night of Italian-infused indulgence. You'll be hooked.
<review# 2053,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2009,11/26/2009,20,127,3,7,5>I am developing a new love for San Rafael in large part due to the excellent restaurants like Lotus that line 4th street. I was very impressed with the classy interior and attentive service. Skip the take-out and sit down! The dining experience is worth the time. I simply had to take a picture of the intricately decorated front door!I ordered the veggie Biryani, basil-naan and a Lassi. The Biryani was large enough for 3 servings and included a plethora of all the veggies I was craving. The naan was a little on the dry side for my palate, but not bad. The Lassi cooled the burning in my mouth that always accompanies good Indian food! Definitely check this place out for dinner!
<review# 2054,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2009,11/25/2009,253,125,8,9,8>If there is something I like more then pizza and that is breakfast food! I am a huge fan of going out to breakfast/ brunch and I love this place! Its close to my home and there is parking and in some places in San Rafael you have to pay for parking, here you don't. The place is small and cute and it is in a pretty good location. I kind of like the fact that its not on fourth street because its more like a secret and I can go there an enjoy a good meal. The staff is really nice and friendly. I love the Swedish girl who works there, she is my favorite. I have had there omelets and they are good, and they have really good french toast. They also have bread pudding which I have yet to try.  However, I will continue to go back here, its a good place to go if you want to have a nice and quite atmosphere.
<review# 2055,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/21/2009,11/24/2009,341,280,9,5,8>Does anyone else read Craigslist Missed Connections on the regular? Well I do. And do you know how often I see this: "bla bla bla sexy guy with brown hair and green eyes on laptop at Aromas, we exchanged glances, are you single, you seem shy, lets meet up sometime" etc. I think Aromas is like Santa Rosa's unofficial singles hangout. And seriously, I must say I have seen some really beautiful people in here ;) I love this place. Awesome Railroad Square location. They are open late and serve coffee late (which I thought was the coolest thing ever for me when I was a coffee drinker, and now that I'm not I still think its cool for everyone else who does drink coffee- sometimes you need some coffee late night and NOWHERE is open!). As for coffee, its good, not great but good. I don't drink it anymore, just tea now, which is ok here, nothing special. Sometimes I get a lemonade or something, and occasionally I break down and grab a latte, but mostly I come here when my sissy is super hangover death time. If ordering food, I recommend the Turkey Roaster- soooooooo good! Turkey sandwich w/pesto yum yum but seriously its like almost $8 and its not quite as good or as large as a sandwich I could get for less ANYWHERE else in Santa Rosa. I can't say I would ever go out of my way to get a sandwich here, but its good enough that if I'm hungry and in the area I might grab one. And as for the rules, I don't remember it being that way a few years ago, so my guess is that a bunch of you self-righteous jerks ruined it for the rest of us. Tip: Park in the back for free. I have seen too many people get tickets for their meter running out while parked out front. Parking tickets suck.
<review# 2056,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2009,11/23/2009,17,103,2,6,5>Went to lunch with my daughter today.  We were lucky to get a table, as they were quite busy.  A small space, with alot of tables, but bustling and comfortable.  Good mix of sandwich, salads and pasta on the menu.  Our waiter was pleasing and attentive, even though all tables were full.  I had the linguini Puntanesca, and my daughter had the rigatoni dish.  I loved mine, it had anchovies, capers, tomatoes, lemony sauce, yummy.....we were also served a basket of bread, which was great to dip in my sauce.  I have lived in Healdsburg many years, and I am glad I finally got to try the Charcuterie, and I will definitely go back..  I am a fan..
<review# 2057,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2009,11/22/2009,252,234,3,10,5>Made to order, big, juicey and greasy burgers. The char burger is what I get with grilled onions. They are big burgers, you will not leave hungry. The onion rings are yummy too, it's almost like they just have onion flavored something inside because most onion rings, once you bite into them the onion slides out, these don't do that. They are from costco though, that's funny. They do get most of their stuff from costco, but it's all good and made to order. The inside is small and there's a couple tables outside. The owner's (Husband and Wife) are short and sometimes hard to understand, but I've been coming here a  long time and my mom and dad used to come here when they were kids.. apparently it has not changed. They are always consistant, in every way. I love their milkshakes and floats. They are made with real ice cream and are so thick you have to wait a few minutes to drink through the straw or use a spoon. They close on Mondays. Parking can be a little annoying because it's right off the highway and there are only 3 maybe 4 spots..
<review# 2058,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2009,11/21/2009,67,339,2,6,5>Armida's one of those places where they are clearly looking for the wine-tasting yuppies to buy all their crap and keep 'em in business. They are a tourist's destination that also happen to have really nice wine -- when you pay for a flight. I first fell in love with Armida when I walked into their  dome of a tasting area and was greeted by a tiny blue russian cat. Her name is Penny. Penny and I are in love, well, at least I'm in love with Penny. She's tiny and silky, and likes to lay on people's shoulders. My kitty-happy group of ladies passed her around like a purring shawl, and she loved it! Ahem, anyway, back to the wine. The pourer didn't really know much about the wine, other than the specs he was told to memorize, but he was nice, and laughed as I described what I was experiencing on my tongue, which was anything from smoked salmon to caramely bourbon that day. We also got a nice treat and tasted a wine not listed for sampling, their award winning Maple Zin. Ohhhh, sooooo gooood. It was like earthy sweet candy wine from the gods! After little debate and much wine in our bellies, the group decided it was picnic time, bought a bottle of the Maple, took our new friend Penny out to the patio, and ate while we drank some more. The patio area at Armida is beautiful. It sits under a big oak, raised as a deck to overlook the valley, their perfectly manicured lawn, pond, and grounds. While their free sampling was nothing great, it was fun to compare their reserved flight against it.
<review# 2059,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2008,11/20/2009,76,113,1,9,6>It's easy to overlook this tiny winery in downtown San Anselmo, or perhaps imagine that it's a pricey little boutique shop because of it's location. Nothing could be further from the truth.Paul Krider has been making wine for 40 years, and was crazy enough to create this winery so he gets to do what he loves. I find him knowledgeable and easy to talk to, and if you catch him on a slow afternoon, you can learn a lot about the business.  Yes, they really crush and ferment grapes in the back. And if you get on his email list, you'll get the opportunity to help every fall, when the grapes come in.His business got a bit of a boost when he got the brainstorm to make an inexpensive wine this fall called "Recession Red". It's priced at 1/1000th of the DOW Industrial Average, so what was $11 a bottle at first is now selling for $8.50. And it's a steal, a lively blend of cabernet and merlot that is well-balanced with a fruit-forward bouquet and decent complexity.One thing you should know is that his wines have minimal sulfites, so they are not very resistent to temperature changes or mishandling. If you don't drink them soon after purchase, it's important to store them in the proverbial cool dark place. He uses real corks, so you have to store them on their side, like any decent wine -- his wines will lose a lot if you put them upright in a warm cabinet for a few weeks or months.I understand a "Recovery Red" is in the works, and that his apprentice has made a nice dry rosé that will be released soon. In the mean time, we're enjoying his 2006 Chardonnay a lot.Join his wine club, and he gives a nice discount. The chardonnay is about $14 a bottle.  Also get on his email list, so you can hear about some of the artist events and non-profit fundraising events that he sponsors.
<review# 2060,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2009,11/19/2009,83,446,,5,6>I've been going all over the county to farmers markets for years, and this one has become tied for favorite with the Corte Mardera one. While there is only one row, the artesan foods are just what you want. Fabulous smoked salmon, chocolate macademia candy, gelato, bakers, dim sum...and the other side is all fruits and veggies...a very adequate selection. I like the hours too...From something like 10-2 on Fridays. It doesn't have to be a big production to go, either. You can be in and out in 20 minutes or less...or stay and sit on the curb and have lunch alone or with a friend.  I hope they don't stop for the winter.
<review# 2061,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2011,1/27/2011,96,212,9,7,8>ATKINS CRAZE SURVIVOR!Thank goodness Donut Alley did not belly-up during the Atkin craze.  Thanks to the local P.D. and sugar-carb addicts out there.Donut Alley is tucked away down a driveway off Magnolia Ave. If you didn't know it was there, you could easily miss the A-frame sign on the sidewalk.   Once you find it, though, you will never drive by again without an internal wrestling of "should-I-shouldn't I?".  Besides the absolutely excellent customer service, these guys make some awesome donuts. Just the right amount of crumb, chewiness, sweetness.  A donut a day keeps the crankies away.
<review# 2062,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2010,1/26/2011,35,76,8,7,5>Rutherford Grill is a tourist trap that I actually want to be trapped at. The food is really really good. The patio is effing awesome. Even their ice cubes are better than other restaurants. You can't make a reservation but the wait on even super busy sunny weekends is never more than 20 to 25 minutes. The staff is precise and fast (without ever rushing you). And you don't even care about the wait because you just march your little behind to the patio bar and order yourself a Mojito with perfectly cubed-shaped pieces of ice and before you know it you're at your table eating the best grilled artichokes with mustard aioli. I've had the ahi salad, the steak sandwich and the thai noodle salad -- all solidly good meals but the thai salad will now be my go-to item when I go back. And I can't wait to go back.
<review# 2063,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2010,1/25/2011,10,38,11,2,4>Oye ese! Sup dudes? I endeavor to put on my best "pocho" when I do business with people whose whole operation could be gone tomorrow. You have to admit, it is extremely fly-by-night to have a restaurant that can be driven away. That said, in the naughty little world of greasy spoons, they come no naughtier than the ubiquitous roach coach. And Delicias Elenitas is not your-run-of-the-mill rattling death trap. Hell No! This dang thing is purdy! It's painted red and is tethered via power cables to a brick and mortar joint. Why? Who cares!?!The first thing I sample at any Meskin place, rolling or not, shady dealin' or not, is their carne asada burrito, "con todo". With everything. If they happen to put dead grasshoppers on theirs, I want it on mine. It gives me a point of comparison. It doesn't hurt that my pie hole is fluent in Spanish, albeit with a Puerto Rican accent. Being adept at the lingo does have its advantages in that the folks running said wagons are usually more likely to hit you with a full load of "todo" when you ask for it that way. They figure if you speak the language then you know what the hell your asking for, even if you don't. Yeah baby, hit me with the "todo". My pie hole can take it, hit me, damn it!   So here's the deal with Elenitas. I rolled through on a Thursday just before noon. Traffic was light and they weren't slammed with the noon crowd yet. I order my "con todo" and wait, making small talk with the gal taking orders. Asada con todo to go, "para llevar", $6.50. They have a tip jar, it gets a buck. I always toss the jar a buck. It's the way I roll. Four minutes, fifty three seconds later come my baby in a brown paper bag. The chica tosses some napkins in and off I go. No complaints there. Fast in, fast out, no witnesses. I like it. Had to ask for the red sauce, but it was no big deal.Seven minutes, thirty two seconds later I'm pealing foil, pie hole dripping. Dang, I'm ready for this. Length, seven inches. Diameter, just a tad under four inches. This is a big burrito. The burrito is not falling apart, meaning that the brothers in the wagon know how to wrap a big burrito TIGHT. That is important for when you get to the back end of your holy burrito moment. Nothing worse than a fall-apart burrito just as you are about to finish off the orgasmic experience by the two finger method of plopping the juiced-up tortilla, dripping all the goo that has seeped down through the burrito as you ate it, into your almost satiated lips. Let's face it, nobody likes a sloppy pie hole, nobody. Would you kiss your mother with that mouth? I thought not. See what I mean?If I have one complaint, and I do, but it's small and folds down to a convenient travel size, is... well..., the rice. It has come to my attention that rice is being used more and more as filler in burritos. This burrito was probably at least 30% rice. Yes, it was tasty rice. Yes, they do use whole beans in there too. Yes, there was only one itty-bitty piece of gristle in the meat. Yes, the red sauce was journeyman. It's just that ,well..., I, as a veteran of more burritos than I care to recall, do not care for rice being the main course in a burrito. So, four stars. Will I eat there again? You bet, if only to run into a bleary-eyed Doug R. sometime late at night. Mi taco es su taco. Next time, Con todo, sin arroz.
<review# 2064,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2010,1/24/2011,30,42,2,6,2>Husband and I decided to go out for a Sunday drive.  We ended up in Marshall we stopped at Nick's Cove for a late lunch.  We ordered a platter of the local oysters, they were all very good.  I liked Drake's Bay the most they were creamy smooth.  I also decided to order the Nick' Cove crab louie it was okay nothing to drive to Marshalls for I have had better at the Tides Inn in Bodega Bay.  My husband was generous enough to share his fish and chips with me.... My goodness the local rock cod was fried to perfection, crispy, crunchy goodness. The tarter sauce was homemade and very, very good lots of galic! The chips were huge steak fries also fried to perfection.  Loved the drive, loved the ambiance and of course loved  gazing at the bay!
<review# 2065,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/11/2010,1/23/2011,26,112,6,5,4>My review of Saigon Village is simple and straight foward:The Good:1st Star: DELICIOUS, great food!2nd Star: Decent prices!3rd Star: great downtown location.The Bad:1st Star: Not everything is super amazing clean-- but I suppose most don't mind given the good things listed above.2nd Star: The Hours. WHY ON EARTH WOULD YOU TURN AWAY BUSINESS ON A FRIDAY NIGHT?! While sitting here for dinner one Friday, the waitress pressured us to order quickly because they would close in 30 minutes. She didn't tell us that when she sat us at our table 5 minutes earlier. We then saw 2 more couples turned away because they were going to close at 9pm. Come on-- stay open to at least 10pm on Friday & Saturday. You're basically turning money away otherwise. People like your restaurant-- why not encourage them to stay? It's hard to watch a business shoot themselves in the foot.In addition to their poor choice of operating hours-- one thing I would suggest that they do to encourage more business is to offer a delivery service-- even for a charge. Sol Food (down the street) is making a KILLING with their food delivery service. I swear, Marin County is so behind on getting this kind of service out to the masses.
<review# 2066,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2010,1/22/2011,170,264,7,5,3>Crafters beware! I seriously must caution you. Come to this shop with something crafty in mind & stick to it. Bring only a certain amount of money & leave the plastic.If you're anything like I am, you are a crafter of all mediums. This is where the problems lie. This shop has it all & it is all done so tastefully, you will surely get sucked in instantly. I felt just like Charlie (& the horrible kids) walking into Willy Wonka's candy paradise for the first time. Paper! I'd never seen such lovely patterns. They seemed exclusive to this special place. Ribbon! So neatly stacked & color coordinated & every type. Glitter! (Even the German glass kind!) Fabric. (I still want to use explanation points, but I'm afraid you'll put yourself into a sleepless state waiting for this store to open if you happen to read this review in the wee hours of the night.) Such pretty fabric. And it's all pre-cut & laid out so perfectly, you'll be afraid you might just mess it up. Do it. Find what you're looking for because Once Around has it. Felting! (Sorry.) I've always wanted to do it & there are little kits perfectly contained in Chinese food boxes marked "easy" to take the fear & mystery away. I didn't realize I'd always wanted to make a felted turtle until today. I'm sure it was well thought out not to have a comfy zone & tea or people like I am would never, ever leave. Mill Valley Police Department would be called every day to drag some sorry crafter away at closing time if not sooner. Everything is here (except those fat chairs or couches that would call to my bottom). Paints, rubber stamps, wreath making, knitting...So, I tried not to break what little bank there is & walked up to the register to chat with the lovely owner & check out & there, staring me in the face, was my favorite Vosges Haut Chocolate bars. Why? Someone seriously predicted I'd come into the store & (nearly) have a coronary that they have my favorite Mo's Bacon Bar in dark chocolate no less.Dreams do come true. If I were to open a perfect shop for all things crafty, it would look exactly like this--including it carrying the best chocolate bars in the world. Thank goodness, I don't have to. I can visit every day, but Sunday. I'm so thrilled that tomorrow is not Sunday!
<review# 2067,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2010,1/21/2011,75,78,5,10,8>Don't half-ass your visit here...go on the tour.  Also, don't let their hours fool you.  They "open" at 3, but they really open when they feel like opening.  Some friends and I got there at 2:20, and the place was full of beer tourists, locals and employees drinking beer.The tour is the most relaxed and to-the-point tour I have ever been on.  They pull some folks from the beer garden and into an upstairs loft full of couches, knickknacks and a bar.  They bring you samples of beer to try while you are hanging out with your friends.  The vibe doesn't get much more laid back.  I was waiting for a fatty to be passed around the crowd.  The actual tour didn't start until 45 minutes after we were all hanging out drinking FREE beer. When the actual tour was starting, you had the option of going back to the beer garden or moving on to see how the beer is made, any decision you made didn't matter because they were glad to have you upstairs sharing some brews.Really great beer and people.
<review# 2068,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2010,1/20/2011,1,186,,7,2>I have very mixed feelings about the reopening of The Cantina...  First of all, I'm very glad to have another decent, reasonably priced restaurant in town.  However, sadly, I think the opening of The Cantina is going to come at the expense of Antigua Mexican Grill which is very close by.  Fortunately for Antigua, they serve several of our favorite items that aren't available at The Cantina, so we'll do our best to support both.The Cantina really was an institution in Mill Valley for a lot of years, but like so many institutions it tried to ride on its reputation too long.  Quality suffered and it closed and became Maria Maria which lasted less than a year.They remodeled the space and have returned it to a more open, warmer and inviting space than Maria Maria.  It now has more of the feel it did before, but freshened.  It is a welcome change.According to what we've read and what we've been told, the original chef is back at the helm.  This seemed quite apparent during the visit, because everything we ate was perfectly prepared.  We had flautas as an appetizer which were hot and crispy - and unlike so many restaurants, didn't taste as if they had been fried earlier in the day and then reheated in the oil minutes before serving.We shared skirt steak fajitas as an entrée - and again the preparation was spot-on.  The beef was not overcooked, so it was very tender.  The marinade was flavorful and it was served with a good variety of grilled vegetables which were still crisp.The SO had a margarita (or two) which he declared to be very good.All of the wait staff seemed very personable and helpful.  Glasses were not left empty and dirty dishes were promptly removed.Prices seemed to be in line with what you would expect for a "local" Mexican restaurant.One word of warning is that this is one of very few really "family friendly" restaurants in Mill Valley.  As such, you may need to choose your dining times with care.  There were a couple of families with a large table full of screaming children which had they not been sitting outside, would have been very disruptive to any meal.We're going to do our best to patronize both The Cantina and Antigua Mexican Grill as it would seem both have a place in the Mill Valley restaurant scene.
<review# 2069,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2010,1/19/2011,79,356,,5,5>We chose Sante for a special anniversary dinner in October.  We had high expectations, given the location, price point and Michelin star, and were not disappointed.  The setting is lovely, the dining room elegant but not so formal as to be intimidating, and the service absolutely top-notch and incredibly professional.The food?  Every bit as impressive as I'd hoped.We were each brought an amuse bouche with a mushroom-stuffed puff pastry bite and a mushroom soup in a shot glass.  Neither my husband or I care for mushrooms (we were sort of out of luck, because the menu was very mushroom heavy in October), but felt we should give it a try.  Not bad!  I think if you liked mushrooms you would have been really happy with the soup in particular.  Next, we were brought an assortment of breads with the most delicious butter and a bit of salt.  Yum.  As a starter, I ordered the Grown Up Mac & Cheese, and it is every bit as incredible as the other reviews claim.  Seriously, ridiculously indulgent.  I loved it.  As an entree, I ordered a tuna dish and my husband ordered a pork dish.  I wish I could remember the exact preparation of each.... but I can't.  I do remember that they were both really good.The restaurant brought us the chocolate souffle for dessert, with "happy anniversary" written in chocolate on the plate.  It was really pleasant, visually, and so delicious.  It was the perfect end to a lovely meal.We would absolutely return to Sante for a special occasion!
<review# 2070,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2010,1/18/2011,174,143,5,11,8>I followed my amazing stylist, Angela, to this salon. I loved the vibe from the moment I walked in. Uber-chic with red leather, open space and great music. The employees are cool, hip and really know how to work their "do's". So it's an absolutely perfect fit for Angela, because she is a genius with the shears. I've been seeing her for over 5 years and I always walk away thrilled. I haven't ever gotten color done but I'm dying to do so and plan on splurging soon. If you are looking for a new stylist, Angela is awesome. Five stars for her and the new salon!
<review# 2071,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2009,2/7/2010,281,205,7,11,8>Richard Habib, owner of Alexander's Decorative Rugs knows his stuff. Even that sentence is an gross understatement. His knowledge and customer service goes above and beyond what one would normally expect from, well, anyone in the retail industry. The store is not in Mill Valley anymore, but his showroom is a beautifully appointed rug extravaganza in the San Francisco Design Center on Henry Adams in San Francisco. I gave Richard "the challenge" which he says he just loves. I had a rug, a piece passed down to me from my mother when she died that was an incredible tea washed hand knotted silk rug worth, well, let's not talk about it. Let's just say it wasn't cheap. It was ruined. Piled up in a ball in the trunk of my car, stained and dirty. It's uneven tea wash covered the beautiful pattern from when I had it cleaned last, and they cleaned it incorrectly. It had pet urine on it, cat piss, to be exact. We all know how much that stuff just reeks to all hell too. I figured it was done. Garbage. I was about to throw it away. Then I called Richard at his showroom and explained my predicament. You see, silk rugs are different than wool. They need to be cleaned in a totally different manner, and most people won't work with silk, just the wool. Richard told me to drive by his showroom. He even came out to my car opened the rug up with no fear of it's stench, and told me, I can't get rid of this, it's much too valuable and is completely worth cleaning. He proceeded to remove it from my trunk, take it upstairs and told me he'd call me in a month and began work on "the impossible". Well today was that grand day where I saw the rug. It looks better than when it was even purchased. The silk glows and the tea wash is perfect. There is no cat odor and no stains. It's absolutely beautiful. Just a fantastic piece. Richard worked so hard to make sure that it was redone exceptionally. I couldn't ask for more, and I can't refer anyone any higher.
<review# 2072,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2009,2/6/2010,340,166,18,13,22>The father was letting his boy run all over the restaurant.  It was then his girlfriend's job to chase his fucking kid around the table and nearly force him to sit down at his place at the table.  The child was yelling in short brain-stabbing bursts for no appropriate reason that she could figure.  Her friend's daughter, however, sat at her corner of the table acting like the patron saint of table manners.  She wasn't screaming without purpose or giggling without reason.  She sipped at her Marsala Chai and watched the sun's rays pierce through the bubbled glass of the water glasses, causing sparkling diamonds to shower over the white table cloths.  She offered her mom an angelic glance as if wondering what she could do to help.  Her mom quickly shook her head back assuring her there was nothing anyone could do to help that bastard kid.  Better late than never, the food arrived: Apricot Chicken, Curry and Potatoes, Lamb Vindaloo... All stinging with heat on a bed of snow white rice.  All of a sudden, the sarangi music was audible as everyone at the table shared their food.  The tension of moments before disappeared like a miracle ghost in a dimly lit dream.  A sitar played on.  The harshness of the sun and the wind outside gave way to a calmed instant.  The overdue conversation recommenced between the two women and the small bastard busied himself trying all of the delicious food on the table.  His father leaned in to kiss his girlfriend on the cheek and she leaned towards him to accept.
<review# 2073,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2009,2/5/2010,100,150,22,9,4>I'm totally outing myself here.  Go see Chiara for the most fab airbrush tan ever. I haven't been outside much this summer, well at least I stay in the shade when I do go out.  Chiara hooked my pale ass up with a nice even golden glow for my cousin's wedding.  I was horrified about the whole process.step 1: get naked and suck instep 2: in comes a total strangerstep 3: hold your breath and hope not to look like an oompa loompa with dirty knuckles.Chiara nailed it. Made me feel totally comfortable while I stood there in my most vulnerable, how I came into this world state. I will never tan given my Irish freckle roots, but I can fake it a few times a year now.Oh and they use South Seas tan products which are the BEST! No funny smell, no dripping and barely any rub off unless you are dry humping your white couch naked or something.
<review# 2074,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2009,2/4/2010,2,28,,4,2>Long time favorite for my wife and I. Mediterranean influence throughout the menu. A good choice for vegetarians, those on gluten free diets, and health conscious meat eaters. The menu is lunch oriented, though a few entrees are geared towards dinner. The breakfast menu is excellent. The turkey burger and turkey pastrami Reuben are personal favorites. The Santa Rosa restaurant is a better choice than the one in Sebastopol where the quality is inconsistent.
<review# 2075,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2009,2/3/2010,30,15,3,7,8>La Gare is where I go for one of my guilty pleasures.  I don't really know where else to get good escargot so whenever I get a hankering, I like to come here.   I also love the décor.  It reminds me of my parent's house growing up.  Not that my parent's home looked like a Swiss Chalet, but the dioramas on the wall, the fake hanging plants and the table top doilies really bring me back.  We ordered the 2005 Twomey Merlot and the owner came over to say hello and commented how our winemaker had just been in on Release Day and ordered the Merlot.  She went on to describe how gracious he was with the other customers and talked about winemaking with them.   I really love it when the owner gets involved and talks to their customers.  It shows they are dedicated to a good experience.The service at La Gare is impeccable.  I suppose it's because the menu never changes, but our server didn't have to write our order down.  Even with all of the special requests, wine selections, hors d oeuvres, etc. she even stopped at another table and our meal came out perfectly.  And I really love the table side prep for salads or if you order Cherries Jubilee for dessert. Fun presentation!I would definitely recommend dining at La Gare.  It's a great establishment with a very loyal following.  The food is good and if you like nostalgia, you'll enjoy your experience here!
<review# 2076,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2009,2/2/2010,70,223,3,7,3>I work at the Vet hospital right down the way from this little Diner.  So I find myself in here quite a bit...at least once a week.Breakfast is served all day which is my most favorite ever.  I just get the regular old 2 eggs, sour dough toast, home fries and bacon.  The home fries are tres times better than that the hash browns.The wait staff is the best I've encountered in a long long time.  If you're over here in this shopping center and find yourself hungry, I say go to Chubby's.
<review# 2077,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2009,2/1/2010,39,195,1,2,2>Great stuff. I've been wanting to go here for a while and wasn't disappointed. Super friendly staff, greet you as you come and go, and very helpful.I had The Manhattan, hot pastrami and melted swiss. Great sandwich. All the ingredients tasted fresh, and the sandwich was served toasted (as I ordered) and piping hot. Also, I couldn't pass up the pickles they had for only .99c.I'll definitely stop in again next time I'm roaming around downtown Santa Rosa.
<review# 2078,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2009,1/31/2010,75,23,2,6,3>I absolutely adore this place! I'm currently stationed at the Coast Guard base nearby and stumbled upon this little place one day while exploring Petaluma. Since that first visit, the kindest staff, the neat decor, and the AMAZING food; I've become a regular. It's welcoming to walk into Thai Lemongrass and greeted with a smile. I enjoy talking to the staff about the culture and the food. I recommend this place to anyone who wants some seriously delicious Thai food at a very reasonable price. Favorite Appetizer: Prawn Wraps and Crispy Tofu.Favorite Soup: Tom Kha (Coconut Milk Soup) with ChickenFavorite Entree: Pad Kra Proa (Basil) with a side of Jasmine RiceFavorite Curry: Red or Duck CurryFavorite Drink: Thai Iced Tea or Thai Iced CoffeeAll I have to say is the day I move to my next unit, I'm gonna truly miss this place and all the staff that have made it memorable.
<review# 2079,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2010,1/30/2010,129,14,1,5,4>Wow wow wow! Ok, So yes it was a hangover breakfast, and yes I think I still may of had some alcohol in my system, but I have to say...this was one of the best breakfast spots I've been to in Santa Rosa! I had the chicken fried steak with country gravy... fluffy fried batter BLISS with amazing white gravy with what seemed like chipped beef in it. The Latte was incredible not bitter at all, and the Bellini's were spot on!  We spent a ton between the 3 of us, $125 but I think we went crazy because it was our first time there!If you are looking for an alternative to Hanks, with Outgoing, positive and fun staff then this is it!
<review# 2080,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2009,1/29/2010,54,279,,2,2>OMG how have I not reviewed one of my favorite wineries! So sorry Truett Hurst! Great wine, great company, great events, great location, great food, great everything! People are super friendly not pretentious which is extremely important especially from a locale's perspective. The place has a young, trendy vibe which makes for some fun wine club events. The last one we attended had a great 2 person bad playing, whole roasted pig, cheese galore and of course fabulous wine. Be sure to try Burning Man, tasty wine!
<review# 2081,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2010,12/27/2010,184,265,8,6,6>I really think that my boyfriend, Daniel, summarized this place best: "The only difference between this place and a cafe in Europe? That cafe in Europe would be filled with cigarette smoke."And so the logic thus follows: Emporio Rulli = the closest to Europe you'll get in Marin without the cancer.
<review# 2082,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2010,12/26/2010,307,201,4,5,4>I've been wanting to try this little joint for a while now and finally got the chance tonight.It was so cute... after you drive through the woody, residential area of Mill Valley, the road opens up to the old-town Mill Valley area (which is SO CUTE, got that local village flair with lots of cute cafes and boutiques.  I highly recommend you guys checking out the whole town if you've never been).  Tiptoe across to the smaller streets on the back of the town and you find this tiny little joint.The place seats maybe 30 people MAX.... a wood fire oven is roaring in the back, and it has good, high ceiling with lots of artwork hanging from the walls.  The menu is short but nothing short of amazing.  They promote sustainable farming and organic ingredients.  I had a few selections in mind that made me drool just reading the menu, but I opted for "Slamb" flatbread, which is a pizza style (note word "style"... these pies do not taste or feel like a typical "pizza" ... slightly sweeter and has a crumbly chewy texture like pretzels.  Thin but not soft/membrane like with Italian style either.) flat pie with house-made Moroccan style spicy lamb sausage, roasted eggplant, caramelized onion, feta, mozzarella, tomato sauce and herbs.  My husband opted for The "Mad River", which is Shed-made sweet-maple fennel sausage, baked with oven-dried tomatoes, caramelized onions, crimini mushrooms, mozzarella and grana cheese, herbs and tomato sauce. The "Slamb" had a meat-pie/Moroccan pie with minced lamb, eggs etc on filo dough, that type of flavour, with crumbs of lamb sausage and a hint of cinnamon.  Also loved the roasted eggplant bits.  I sprinkled parmesan cheese and hot peppers for extra punch.  My husband's choice was great too.  It, too, was slightly sweet.  We think the sweetness came from the dough and their tomato sauce, which looked thick and condensed and was full of flavor.Each pie was just about enough for 1 person, just like what it said on the menu.  They also have a good selection of beers and wine.  So if you're like my husband and like having beers beyond stuff you can get at a 7-11, you'd be happy here : )I also thought it was neat that they offer flatbread dough to go and half-baked pie options you can buy to go to cook/finish baking at home.  That would be kind of cool if you crave pizza but feel like customizing it or cook at home and cozy up in front of TV or something, no?  Although, I must say, I enjoyed the ambiance of this little eatery quite a bit so I would probably pick eating in instead of to-go anyway : )
<review# 2083,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/3/2010,12/25/2010,278,126,4,5,6>I don't get what all the fuss is about, good or bad. This place is just meh.I ordered two carne asada soft tacos and two carnitas soft tacos.Chips are good; salsa selection would be good if any of the salsas had flavor. It just goes from watered-down pico de gallo to spicy, spicier and spiciest.Meat is not like dog food, as previously reviewed, but it doesn't excite any part of my tongue (or body, for that matter). To be frank, I had better tacos at the Adobe Pumpkin Farm, and the girl working the grill there was probably half my age.
<review# 2084,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2010,12/24/2010,81,202,7,14,6>Most car washes you visit these days are "kinda there" to wash your car, but seem to really be there to hard sell you.  Not the case here.  You drive up and pick from the usual menu of car wash choices, all of which are about 5 to 7 dollars less than any other car wash I have visited in Marin.  I think they are able to do this for a couple of reasons.  One, the location is slightly out-of-the way compared to Matt & Jeffs and other Brushless Car Wash locations that are right up on the freeway.  Two, it takes a little bit longer to get your car taken care of from start to finish...then again I feel like they really took the time to get my car clean.  Easily about 3 or 4 minutes more of detailing and cleaning than what I am used to at other places.  Good to note is that the setup is a little confusing if you are a new customer; no doubt you will figure it out and have it down once you become a regular customer here!
<review# 2085,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2010,12/23/2010,86,345,3,5,3>Headed up to St Helena for my grandmothers funeral. Definitely a sad day, so Boyfriend and I decided we'd treat ourselves to a spectacular brunch. Almost everyone recommended we go to Brix for the brunch buffet, but we weren't really in the mood for a buffet, however fancy it may be. After looking on Yelp, this appeared to be our 2nd best option and off we went. OH MY GOD! This place was excellent. We'd been to the pizzeria before and I wasn't overly impressed. So this was a pleasant surprise. When we arrived, our waiter asked if we'd ever been. Upon saying "no" he said "Well, then if you don't order anything else today, you really should try the mozzarella al minute" What a freaking fan-fuckin-tastic recommendation. WOW! The cheese, which is cut table-side, is warm and creamy and just to die for. The table of five next to us had four orders. This stuff is really THAT good. For brunch I had the eggs benedict, which I had been planning on having anyway but was also the waiter's top recommendation. The egg was cooked  EXACTLY the way I would have cooked for myself which is well done. He didn't give me a funny look even when I said "over-hard". Instead, he asked "How hard? No run? Some run? A little yellow or all the way cooked?"  Every other time I've tried to order this somewhere, I've been met with confusion. The crispy pancetta was delightful and the foccacia-type muffin was amazing. The basil hollandaise? YUM! The best benedict I've ever had in my life, hands down. Boyfriend had the fritto misto which was a very generous portion. The sauce it came with was really yummy and the veggie selection was interesting and well-thought. It included meyer lemon, artichoke hearts and... the last one escapes me. Plus some HUGE gulf prawns. The bloody mary's were fantastic. Nice and spicy!I would definifely come back here. Especially considering the total damage with drinks and tip... $75! A steal.
<review# 2086,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2010,12/22/2010,155,397,5,6,3>DANGER! DANGER! DANGER! These little goodies are sinfully delicious.My tummy says yummy and thank you, but my hips say NO!!!!Cupcakes here are diverse in flavor choice, my top favorites; limonata, pink champagne. YUMMMM!!!!!!!Their seasonal flavors I think are pretty amazing; lime, mr. man (gingerbread-amazing!), pumpkin!! Just saw they have peppermint now for the holidays, I guess I'm going back soon.
<review# 2087,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/24/2010,12/21/2010,286,390,5,9,8>While there's a lot to love about Marin's only Mi Pueblo, I left Mi Pueblo a bit disappointed.First, let's talk about what this Mi Pueblo excels at. The store looks lovely. Perhaps the most beautiful and most organized Mi Pueblo I've ever set food in. The food, as a whole, looked wonderful. From the luscious baked goods, to the fresh produce and robust meats, I was impressed with how delicious everything looked. The prices were comparable to other Mi Pueblo locations, if a bit higher (it's Marin after all). I loved that it was largely uncrowded on a Saturday and I was able to get in and get out with ease.Unfortunately, I was disappointed with the tacqueria. I tried the chicken enchiladas, chicken tacos and cheese tamale, all from the tacqueria. The chicken in both dishes was drier than I like. The chicken tacos, while reasonably priced, were cold and bare, salsa being the only other addition to the tacos. I'm used to chicken tacos including sour cream, lettuce and pickled carrots and jalapenos. Guess Mi Pueblo felt the need to pinch some pennies and leave out my favorites additions. I was also disappointed with the cheese tamale. The masa was bland and barely recognizable as made of corn. I've had much better tamales elsewhere.I'm so glad Mi Pueblo is in Marin. The Canal District in San Rafael has been a longtime haven for Latinos and it's wonderful that the community now has a space to call their own. I'm definitely coming back, however, I wouldn't be partaking in the tacqueria next time.
<review# 2088,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2010,12/20/2010,87,152,4,6,5>I say Yay, we have a real bakery in San Rafay.Today's pizza of the day was mushroom, spinach, Asiago cheese, carmelized onions, and olive oil.  Good stuff.  The only drawback for me was the heaviness of the sour dough crust.   Only $2.50  I have yet to dive into all the breads.  The sticky bun is truly excellent.  Again, the bread is not light and airy like a pastry, so come hungry.  And it was baked just a few minutes ago.
<review# 2089,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2010,12/19/2010,415,316,5,7,4>Alas.... Eureka.... a wonderful cleaning service. I should of followed Paul M's advice from the get go. I have now set them up on a biweekly basis. They show up on time, bring their supplies, get to work, leave a perfectly clean house, bill my account. If you call and speak to Brenda you will find she is very straight forward and upfront about the cost per hour and how many hours they will probably need to do a good job. However with that said she puts it all in your hands to make the best decision possible for your budget and your needs. If you are looking for a new service I suggest you give them a call and my I also suggest you ask for Vanessa (as long as you don't take away my day and time)
<review# 2090,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2010,12/18/2010,265,769,1,5,4>This review is for Two Rock Ranch and Olympia's orchard, which is hard to find, but set out by Strauss's dairy.On Sept 12th, and again on the 19th, they are offering their first ever Orchard to Oven Apple Pie workshops.  Kathy Tresch, farmer, and owner of the orchard, is awesome, and knows so much about apples, and the land that she organically farms. You can find her apples at the Petaluma Farmer's Market, as well as a little road side stand she sets up on Walker Road when they are in season. Nothing, and I mean NOTHING tastes better than her Pink Ladies.   She also has Honey Crisps and they are amazing!  My mouth sings when I bite into them.Meloni Courtway taught the pie class, and for $48 you couldn't have asked for a better hands on class on how to make pies, and you even get to take your pie home with you.  It's a steal for the fun you will have during your 3 hour class.  You get to go and pick the apples yourselves, and then make your pie.What a hidden gem.  Get in on this one now.
<review# 2091,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2008,4/15/2008,80,155,6,3,5>The only kind of bears I'm into are Cinnamon Bears!  And this is the only place I've been able to find them in years.  Are we in the midst of a cinnamon bear shortage?  Why hasn't this made the news???  I'm serious--go to your local liquor/convenience store and look for cinnamon bears.  You won't find them.  (If you do, please tell me!).I have this thing for small-town general stores, and this is one of the best I've come across.  No decor, no in-your-face advertising...just stuff you need to buy!  I like to stock up on the essentials (ice cream, soda, beer) before heading for the beach. In true Bolinas style are community bulletin boards on the building's exterior.  It's also next door to the always awesome Coast Cafe.  This little stretch of Wharf Road is why I love this town. But for me, it all comes back to the Cinnamon Bears.  I have to buy their entire stock every time I'm there.  In October, I bought 8 bags.  A couple days ago, I picked up 11.  I now have enough bears to reenact the Harrison Street Fair!  Score!
<review# 2092,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/25/2007,4/14/2008,230,224,5,12,9>The hubby and I stopped by Yankee Pier last night as we're slowly working our way through the Burger Holy Grail (bunrab.com/yummychow/Bur) along with various other burger recommendations we've gathered. Yankee Pier apparently used to be the top spot in the "Posh" section of the Holy Grail list. While it was a good burger it was by no means a great one. The bun was much larger than the meat patty, which was super thick and under seasoned, though cooked correctly. The bun was completely plain but the server offered to bring us a side of ketchup. The accompaniments included butter lettuce, onion and pickle, no tomato. Price: $10.95 plus another 95 cents for blue cheese.While there was nothing really wrong with the burger, I wouldn't bother going back for a second one. The rest of the place emphasizes seafood and on a summer Sunday evening, it was a mob scene.
<review# 2093,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2007,4/13/2008,23,18,9,11,9>This is the least known about gem in or around San Rafael. OK so this is going to sound completely insane, and it kindof is. Anyway here goes. If you drive down 101 in San Rafael, take the first exit after 580, and I mean the first one!! Take your first left, then your first right. You are now on Jacoby street which is really the driveway into the dump. Go into the dump, past where you drop stuff off, around the corner to the right and you will see a taco truck. This is Tacos El Roy. Get the carne asada super burrito and you will have the best burrito you have possibly ever had in your life unless you live in the Mission in SF. The ambiance is amazing!!! You get hit by dust from dump trucks passing at high speed. All around you mare gargantuan machines revving their huge diesel engines and dumping large pieces of stuff everywhere. Don't step too far back while you are waiting for your burrito or you could very well be run over by a passing steam shovel. But don't let all this chaos and dust fool or scare you. If you brave this adventure you will be rewarded beyond your wildest dreams (burrito wise) and if you have an office job like me, this may sound strange, but it's actually extremely refreshing to be exposed to some dust and some eminent danger for a bit during the day, while waiting for some freshly cooked Carne Asada from the friendly staff of the truck.
<review# 2094,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2008,4/12/2008,84,133,6,11,9>after what started as a relatively quick labor at home (i was 8 cm when i arrived at teh hospital 4 hours later!) - we arrived at the emergency entrance at 4:30am.  i was in the pain that only other mothers can imagine and was treated with grace and calmness by the nurses on duty.  i was in a vague fog of labor - but i knew that i was in good hands. after some scary things (i've never been admitted to a hospital before!) like oxygen masks and fetal heartbeat drops - my doctor determined i needed a c-section (my wee baby was just too darn big and had not dropped!).this was the absolute last thing i wanted - as a proponent of natural childbrith.  but after 8 hours of exhausting labor and knowing that my baby could be in danger - i happily obliged.everyone involved in the surgery were super nice and amazing. it went smoothly and baby arrived beautiful and healthy.after a c-section we were in the hospital for 4 nights.  and let me tell you - the nurses were A-mazing!  we were one of only a few couples there over the weekend and were attended to as if we were in a hotel.  everyone was so nice and helpful - it made a difficult experience rather pleasant.  food was good too!plus - the VIEW was so gorgoeus!  we left the curtains open all day to the splendid greenness of trees and mountains - very peaceful and lovely.tip for partners:  bring a down comforter and feather bed and pillows for the "cot" in the room!  you'll be glad you did!i'd have another baby here in a heartbeat.
<review# 2095,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2007,4/10/2008,39,196,4,4,3>I have my birthday party here every year, I love to bowl..so much that I do it once a year and expect to be really good at it. One year I got a Turkey, too bad it wasn't my birthday, it was John's. Anyway... Five stars to Country Club for many reasons: they have a kick ass bar with pool tables and great beer deals. They have those cool video games and a ball cleaner (snicker)  They spray out the shoes after every person uses them, thanks. Oh yeah they don't kick you out if you are hammered and with a group of thirty drunk people.  If you want drinks they will serve them to you, and they are cheap..you are in a bowling alley after all. I have done shots and bowled a massive 34, pretty bad but one of my best friends bowled a 9. She was not in good shape.  There are usually leagues on Tuesday-Thursday nights, and weekends are for kids birthday parties. Or mine depending on what time of the year it is. I have come here for bowling for Kids Sake for the Big Brothers/Big Sisters program for a few years too (not much drinking at those events) the Staff is good and the parking is ample, plus you can stumble to Celia's for dinner after.  Goth Bowl gave it a good review: gothbowl.com/reviews/ca/
<review# 2096,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/16/2007,4/9/2008,42,103,2,4,4>This place is way too pricey for what you get. I'll admit, I enjoyed the salad I had, but it was DEFINITELY not worth what I paid for it. I split a large vegetarian pizza with my friend; it was pretty good, but also not worth the price. And they only have 2 sizes of pizza: personal and enormously huge. The ambiance is lacking and when there's a live band, you can forget about even hearing yourself think because the acoustics just echo everything. The reason for the 3 stars is that a Tanqueray and tonic is only $5.50 and I am feeling generous right now.
<review# 2097,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2008,4/8/2008,136,960,3,5,7>I am a Screen Actors' Guild Union Member and SAG often sends me free movie passes to watch just released movies.  I like seeing SAG movie screenings here because I am usually the only one watching the movie screening!  It feels like I own the movie theater!Crank the sound up, feel the Dolby reverberate through your bones, and scootch comfortably in the theater's comfy seat feeding your face full o' popcorn . . . ahhhhh!
<review# 2098,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2008,4/6/2008,3168,2976,11,14,19>My friends are getting sick of me forcing them into visits to In-N-Out every time I come back to San Francisco. I can't help it, I dream about these cheeseburgers and as soon as the plane touches down at SFO, the craving gets intense!However, it was looking really unlikely that I'd get anyone to join me at Fisherman's Wharf for some animal style action this trip and I was working on making peace with that, until. . .UNTIL my mom arrived! It was raining massively as we made our way across the Golden Gate Bridge and when I mentioned In-N-Out she was game (my mom is awesome!) No matter that about an hour earlier I had eaten a massive plate of chilaquiles, along with plantains and guacamole, I pulled our rented car off the 101 and into the parking lot of this here In-N-Out to get lunch.Oh, perfect cheeseburger and neopolitan shake, I've missed you so!
<review# 2099,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2007,4/5/2008,630,154,9,10,8>Things that you will find at the Sausalito Ferry Co:- Candy G-strings and bras- Communist moustache and beard sets- Instant Gay Lisp sour tarts- Sushi-print tissues- I heart Porn magnets- The complete Monchhichi doll collection - Sigmund Freud and Couch finger puppet sets- Marie Antoinette Head Lollipops- Buddha, Jesus, Pooh bear, and R2D2 Pencil toppers- Rubber Chickens wearing bikinis- Dental picks and mirrors- Paul Frank socks, boxers, sweatshirts, and tanks- Fart machines- Glow-in-the-Dark Saints- Wind-up Racing Nuns- Plastic Smurf Bobbleheads....basically, anything you could ever need.
<review# 2100,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2007,4/4/2008,81,98,8,5,4>Ladies night usually conjures up images of buff, hopefully attractive men in black banana hammocks and lots of free shots. Ladies night at Bullseye turns up a wide array of people, even a few ladies, which included my roomie and myself this past Wednesday, and lots of not free shots. Having never shot a gun (my roomie) and not shooting since I was five, we were inexperienced, to say the least. But did that stop us from renting a gun, loading the chambers and hesitantly squeezing the trigger while jumping almost simultaneously only to be overcome with a sense of empowerment? Never! The guys behind the counter were great, showing us the basics and drilling a few safety tips into us. We chose our target (the bad guy), and marched into the shooting range, only to be confronted with very large bangs. We awkwardly set up our target, put it pretty damn close to begin with, and stepped up to the line. After a few rounds, squinting down the lane, we looked at each other. Nary a hole in our target, nary a hole.Despite this, we had a blast, and by the end of the night our target had quite a few holes, centered on the head and in the crotch area. Miraculously, the trunk area, supposedly the easiest to hit, was quite clear of bullet holes. Take from that what you will. All in all, for an hour or two of entertainment, the friendly and knowledgeable staff, and the deals women get on Wednesdays, I won't be able to stay away from this place. My roomie and I have dreams of what we want to shoot (she wants anything with a silencer, I want to work my way up to a Glock), and hopefully we'll get there eventually. If anyone has any tips, feel free to shoot me a message (har har)!
<review# 2101,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2012,11/7/2012,55,31,,2,2>A group of four of us came in tonight to eat after walking by so many times before, and I am so glad we did, it was awesome.! Pictures are worth a thousand words.  The waiter was alone and handled the place like a champ, such a fun place to go for socializing, they brought out so many different small sides to try with your meal or alone, and there is something to say about having your meal cooking or being finished at the table.  The bibimbap was awesome, and the soft tofu soup was amazing an they drop the egg into this boiling bowl of soup right at the table so you watch your food cook right there.  Amazing spare ribs, so fun, I'll be back.
<review# 2102,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2011,11/6/2012,80,105,3,11,2>This place doesn't even compare to the 24 hour fitness in Santa Rosa. There are lots of great classes at this gym, which I loved the most. They also have 2 swimming pools (one for laps) and outdoor and indoor hot tub. They also have steam room and sauna in each of the locker rooms. The staff is really nice too. They even have free exercise classes and membership for cancer patients!!!!!!!!! The the fees are pricey (~$90/month), but it is worth the price!
<review# 2103,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2012,11/5/2012,179,297,1,3,2>This place is good for a hole in the wall.  They give very generous portions of food.  My son really loves the blueberry pancakes, which are as big as the whole plate, stacked with a hill of blueberries.  I'm personally a fan of the crab cake benedict.  Service is good here.  Worth checking out!
<review# 2104,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2011,11/4/2012,55,26,,1,1>A lovely little Gem in the heart of Santa Rosa. I was referred by a friend, and the shop is just lovely, very comfortable, clean and relaxing. I got my eyebrows waxed and will be back for a facial as soon as possible.
<review# 2105,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2012,11/3/2012,1,5,,2,1>My husband and I are moving to this neighborood and wanted to make sure our tummy's would be happy so we found a local restaurant and gave it a try.  This met and exceeded Yelp reviews along with our expectations.  Our server was personable and knowledgable about the menu, which for me is big.  If you work at a restaurant you should know the food, even better you should like it:-)  The food was outstanding, their take on Tom Kha is a spiritual experience.  My hubby got the Seafood Soup and he was in heaven.  The seafood was fresh and perfectly cooked, which can be a difficult task with soup.  The busser was amazing too.  They were always clearing plates for us but never hovering or making us feel pressured to hurry.  Do yourself a favor and dine here.
<review# 2106,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2011,11/2/2012,30,10,3,2,1>My Dad recently found out about this place. He's been on a quest to find  "the pizza place" since Igbees closed its doors a couple years ago.Firstly, we went on a Tuesday. Apparently this means that Joeys Large Pizzarino (18", as opposed to most 14" Large) is 12.99. The Pizzarino came topped with double black olives, and double pepperoni. Hells yes.The fung-shui of the seating area is exactly what I'd expect from a pizzeria that spends more time making pizza and less time decorating; no false pretenses.Right about the time we were being rung up (we got it to go), I started to have a creeping suspicion that I might have been lured into a "Five Dollar foot-long" scam. Lot's of sub-par food, lots of regret, for just a bit of cash.I was 100% wrong. This is the best pizza in Santa Rosa for more than just the quantity (remember, this is 18" inches. The rims on my car are dwarfed by this pizza!), or the price (almost the same price as a Bambino from Marys), but because it tastes awesome. It's made with local ingredients, too.All in all, Joeys kicks some butt. No complaints, no regrets - you owe it to yourself to at least try the best pizza in town.
<review# 2107,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2012,11/1/2012,102,312,,4,3>Everything was pretty flavorful. Avocado-yum!The black beans - cooked right and lots of flavor. Spanish rice - dry like it's supposed to be, not gummy, not too salty, with lots of flavorMixed plantains -were flavorful and perfect amount of sweet and crunch. My cilantro chicken -was falling off the bone and flavorfulI would have loved a bit more heat but the sauce made for that a bitMy friend Mayra loved her beef. Music is loud but it's a fun Latino restaurant and it makes you want to get up and dance. Also people can't eaves drop. The service is a bit touch and go; to be honest the waitress looks overwhelmed and could probably use another front of house staff member. Overall solid food, good atmosphere and we will probably be back!
<review# 2108,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2012,10/31/2012,69,46,5,10,5>This one is an EASY 5-star review.  Jennifer is PERFECT.  She really is.  I have had full Brazilian waxes at many many places over the years, and although there were a few good ones in there, none of them matched her professionalism and personality. She makes you feel as comfortable as possible, she's honest about everything, gives clear instructions on how she performs her craft (and how you help her to do so), she is very meticulous in her practices, clean clean clean -  NEVER DOUBLE DIPS (this is a problem, I tell you, many do!), wears gloves... and she gives you an awesome breathing technique (that she performs with you) during the more tender spots. I have never been so happy with the clearly skilled level of service.  I would send anyone and everyone to her, near and far. She is 100% worth it.  And the price is right.  You kind of feel like you've know her forever, in a good and comfortable way, not in an oh-my-god-you're-gonna-be-all-up-in-my-junk way, so being naked in her face isn't an issue. She talks to you, keeps the conversation going smoothly, and doesn't miss a single beat.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!  Loved her to death.  Can't wait to go back. Well, I can... it still fricken hurt, but not intolerable, especially with her breathing technique. ;-)  If you've been putting off trying it, or just haven't found the perfect waxing specialist, GO TO JEN!  She does all kinds of waxing as well as massage. Her prices are fab. Take the plunge!
<review# 2109,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2012,10/30/2012,83,446,3,4,3>Wow! The CA wine country is definitely a dining mecca. On our recent weeklong trip up there we had dinner at Tra Vigne twice. The atmosphere is very nice and I especially love the comfort of their booths and lighting above them. My favorite things there so far are: very authentic rigatoni a la carbonara, rabbit pappardelle, the roast half chicken which had been brined and then cooked in their wood oven. But the total topper for me was the fresh mozzarella served with heirloom tomatoes and toast points. They make the mozzarella fresh, just a few minutes before you eat it, so it's really tender and like no other mozzarella you've ever had. I could make a meal of it, it's so good! They also have a beautiful outdoor patio, but sadly the seating there is hard metal. I guess it's good if you have a young sprightly ass. Seriously, this place is fabulous!
<review# 2110,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2012,10/29/2012,58,161,2,4,2>I have been infatuated with this restaurant ever since I moved back to the area and I FINALLY had dinner at Grace's Table on Saturday night.  Let me tell you, I was not disappointed.First, I love the ambiance and the service.  It's not as stuffy as some of the other high end Napa Valley dining establishments, but it's still nice enough that you can dress up a bit and feel like you're having a nice night out.  Our server was passionate about their food, wine, and beer and was perfectly attentive without being overbearing.  I guess the best way I can describe the whole environment is comfortable and cozy without being sloppy and casual.The food, oh holy yum.  I had the worst time picking a dish because literally every single thing sounded amazing.  They deem themselves "global cuisine" but the strongest global influences are easily Italy, France, and Greece.  As I am wont to do when overwhelmed by options, I ordered the burger and added blue cheese and bacon.  I was not disappointed.  A fluffy challah bun sandwiched the perfectly medium rare beef with a thick mound of blue cheese with thick cut crispy bacon laid across the top.  Delicious!  My date had the duck breast special, served with a cherry sauce and potatoes with mushrooms.  The few carefully rationed bites I was allowed were phenomenal. I am fully prepared to make this a regular nice dinner out spot.
<review# 2111,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2011,4/23/2012,170,264,4,10,6>I was really scared when I read the other reviews that this swim school was going to be a bad decision, but it is GREAT!Kids are teamed up with their peers who are at or near the same ability level. The pool in the back of the school is a little small, but perfectly adequate for beginners. I found the children being able to watch others around them actually worked in our favor. "Wow! That kid is younger than I am & can really swim!" A little friendly competition never hurt anyone in sports - at least in my family.The classes are affordable at around $85 per week. I wasn't told about Friday being "fun days" when we signed up, but Friday Fun Day is just that. After a little warm up in the small pool, the kids are taken to the gorgeous big pool (see photos) & they get to jump off the diving board (with or without their instructor holding them) & into the arms of their swim teacher or with him/her nearby. There is also a slide which the kids really love & it creates the perfect sound track to summer with squeals of laughter & big splashes. I found Carrie, Janice & everyone really helpful. One mom was not thrilled that her child was placed with maybe not one of the most enthusiastic of instructors & the child was promptly placed with someone obviously perkier.There are plenty of benches & chairs to choose from (shaded or sunny) for spectators to observe comfortably. The bathrooms have showers, curtained changing areas, shelves for belongings & are very clean.You won't know unless you try, but I think you should definitely try Ann Curtis!
<review# 2112,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2012,4/22/2012,14,38,9,13,20>The first thing you need to know about the French Laundry is that no matter what you think, or how many yelp stars you decide to give it, it is one of the best restaurants in the entire world -  in fact , it has been named "Best Restaurant in the World" by Restaurant Magazine two years in a row, and  It has also relentlessly held three Michelin Stars (the highest honor, to which not even 100 restaurants in the world have yet to receive) since 2006. So, if you went there, and were even slightly "disappointed" or left just "not understanding the hype", then my friend, just stay home, because there is no hope for you.The second thing you need to know about the French Laundry is you will never fully understand the enormity of the sheer labor and endeavor behind each dish. A militia of the finest staff and purveyors, clinical cleanliness, never a corner cut, painstaking drudgery perhaps, concepts and technique so thoughtfully executed that the humble egg is brought to imperialism, meticulous after meticulous task to ensure that your plate, your dish, your bite is sublimely perfect. My experience there fell nothing short of this, period. If you haven't gone, go. Squirrel your loose change away for a while, buy a nice suit, and live a little. You can't take it with you anyway.
<review# 2113,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2011,4/21/2012,53,64,,2,1>Oliveyah has been training my wife Lori now for a year and a halfand the results have been amazing.  She's fitting into her size 6 jeans and looks and feels younger and more energetic than ever.   Her emotional health has been fantastic too as a result of her regular workouts.   The new positive attitude and enthusiasm for her workouts I have to attribute all to Oliveyah.Hoooray and thank you Olliveyah
<review# 2114,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2011,4/20/2012,13,3,,1,1>Sheila is the best - I have sensitive skin and she always uses products that I can handle. She is friendly, attentive and gentle.
<review# 2115,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2011,4/19/2012,23,9,,2,1>Loved this place. Quiet, quaint. Beautiful setting. We started our evening next door with Mexican food and walked next door. The atmosphere is peaceful and pretty. I called earlier in the day and reserved the no. 3 spa for 30 minutes and the sauna for 30 minutes. I would have preferred 60 minutes in the spa and skipped the sauna, but I was happy to get in on the same day so no complaints.The lady at the desk was lovely. We checked in and headed for the changing room. My young son called to say goodnight. (It was 930 at night and I had my phone on vibrate, but I was waiting for the call) I spoke with him very quickly (still in the changing room) when some woman very loudly berated me for being on my cell phone. I could not see her as I was changing with the curtain pulled but she was relentless. It took me two minutes to say goodnight, she continued her yelling for a good 5 minutes. Who was being disturbing?Anyway, we headed out to the spa, it was late on a Saturday night and we didn't see a soul. Spa no 3 was lovely and serene in redwood. I would have to agree with previous posters that the water was HOT. I was unable to fully submerge for more than a minute. Still, it was relaxing and just what I hoped for. We moved to the sauna. No one was in there. It was also HOT but we emerged out of there fully relaxed and ready for bed.The price was fair I thought. $44 total the both of us for 30min spa and 30min sauna. We will definitely be back!This is 100% better than Frogs.
<review# 2116,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2011,4/18/2012,44,136,,2,1>We got the crab cheese puffs, veggie potstickers, sweet & sour pork and some kind of beef that my husband ordered and I can't remember what it was. It was the first Chinese takeout we've had since moving to San Rafael and it was pretty good! I look forward to ordering from them again and trying some different things. I wasn't super blown away by what we got (except the potstickers!) but felt it held potential. The cheese puffs would have been better hot out of the oil, I am sure. The beef was fine, I guess just the pork was kind of meh, but not in a greasy gross way, just less flavorful that I had hoped. Overall, I have to say their customer service was excellent, from the guy that took our order to the delivery driver. I liked that they brought the sauce for the pork separately, so it wouldn't get soggy, so that goes for the kitchen too.
<review# 2117,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2011,4/17/2012,44,159,1,2,3>I suffer from instant gratification. I always have. This has resulted in my inability to plan accordingly when I decide to get my hair cut. I suddenly need it right away. But it's totally last minute! What is a girl to do?It's unlikely I will be able to walk into a salon and get a haircut--this much I know is true. But I will still try to do it! So it was such a relief to walk into Petite Mollier (I had driven by this cute salon several times and kept thinking I should stop in and check it out) and get exactly what I needed!Mollie, the owner, is wonderful. She told me exactly what I needed, did exactly what my hair needed, and gave me a little bit of product to boot! So if that isn't the cat's meow, then I don't know what is.I just hope next time...which will be soon...I can deviate from my normal haircutting plans and actually schedule an appointment!
<review# 2118,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2009,4/16/2012,1,8,1,6,4>A former storage shed next to United Market has been transformed into  an oasis of pretty off the bustling Miracle Mile. Owner Silke Vom Bauer carries only organic and/or locally grown flowers and plants and a well-chosen selection of cards, books and gifts in this charming shop.There are so many unique options - like curly ferns and cattails - as well as a riot of colorful flowers that it can be overwhelming, but never fear! Just tell Silke or her staff what how much you'd like to spend and they'll pluck this and that from the galvanized buckets and pull together an amazing arrangement - beautifully wrapped in craft paper and raffia  - or some of the gorgeous silk ribbon that looks like candy behind the counter. Or if you have a favorite vase, bring it in and they'll fill it with the perfect selection of flowers and greens.There's also a nursery and lots of potted plants to peruse - but I prefer to let those with greener thumbs than I care for plants long-term, I'll only commit to a few days of maintenance for cut flowers :)Because Local Flora shares a space with United Market, parking is plentiful and easy, it's one-stop shopping for flowers & wine when you're on your way to a party, and its an easy in-and-out for commuters on their way to outer San Rafael, San Anselmo and points west.Treat yourself to a visit  - and someone you love to flowers -  from this local treasure, Local Flora!
<review# 2119,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2011,4/15/2012,0,5,,4,3>Best scones i have ever had. Entire center is filled with fruit. Blueberry is the best. They now have blue bottle coffee. Small owner business. Great to support.
<review# 2120,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2011,4/12/2012,47,61,10,11,5>First of all- My boys are 13 and 8, and the coolest kids on the block. Of course, they would settle for nothing less than THEE perfect cut and line-up, right??? JORDAN is their barber and he is a phenom. He's quick, young and hip and I love the way he treats my 13 year old, in particular, like a young man. He pays attention to what the boys ask for and I can see him conversing and laughing with them during the cutting process. It certainly sheds a little joy on the otherwise gloomy experience of a woman sitting in a barbershop. Just sayin'. And, make no judgments about the Fil-Am atmosphere- my sons are mostly black, with wavy/curly, non-Filipino-ish hair, and they request "dark fades & a line up" and "low and even," and the cuts/lines are pristine. I've been to many-a-barbershop, and unfortunately my kids have gotten sucky cuts from non-black barbers over the years. I think JnJ Barbers can rival any "black" barber you go to, so don't sleep on them. Aside from that, the shop is clean and kid-friendly. No "F" bombs every other word or loud ridiculousness. Plus, the customers generally don't mind if my toddler aged daughter randomly touches their knee or takes their keys, for no apparent reason. The cost for a kid's cut is $13- good! The wait is long, so make an appointment! And... I apologize in advance if my daughter steps on your toe before she runs out of the door with your keys...
<review# 2121,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2009,10/26/2009,307,201,2,7,3>We chose to come back to this venue the other day, on a Thursday night.There weren't a lot of people and we were seated promptly outside by the water. For those of you who are not living in Sausalito and have only stopped by over the weekends... there is a good reason to try coming during the week.  Why? First off its so much less crowded and you can most likely get a good table without a reservation.  Secondly... and this is the big reason.. many restaurants here have weekday specials.Particularly with Horizons, I highly recommend trying their Thursday Lobster special!  Which is what I ordered this time... and it was so satisfying I almost died.First, pick from their ceasar salad or clam chowder.  I recommend the chowder.  It's not in a breadbowl, but it is excellent and a perfect portion for a part of the course.Then comes the giant lobster.  Talk about impact! Whole Maine Lobster, Claws, Head, Tail, everything, sitting over some delicious risotto with fresh seasonal vegetables (in my case it was green beans) on the side.  Oh and with drawn butter.  YUM!After the main dish you get a few desserts to choose from.  I went for the Sausalito Mud Pie, which is basically a cake that's made of chocolate/espresso gelato which a dollop of whip cream on top.  It was not too intensely sweet and it was a perfect finish.Oh and did I remind you about the perfect VIEW from this restaurant yet???Now, here are my personal tips when ordering this course.I was there with my husband and our friend.  Our friend already had dinner, so he just opted for drinks, so the only people that wanted to eat were me and my husband.  This is what we did to be enjoy the experience but cut a little $$$.We ordered Fried Calamari (also highly recommended) to share between us two.  Then my husband got a clam chowder in a sourdough bowl.  (Not shared because I got my own in a cup with my lobster course)Then when the Lobster came, we shared that.Then we shared the Mud Pie between all of us including our friend.We were both totally full and happy... and we basically only got one dinner course and two sides : )We'd love to come back and repeat order everything we had again.  And seriously, guys, come out to Sausalito on weekdays!  Your wallet will be happy, your tastebuds will be satisfied, and you will definitely be welcomed by the restaurants here : )
<review# 2122,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2009,10/25/2009,163,290,6,7,8>If you are a fish and or seafood lover, this has the best fresh fish and oysters around. He is located in the South corner against the fence, near the Rolli truck. His super fresh wild salmon is fantastic and the price is right. It is so nice to buy fresh salmon that has not had dye added to it for color. That process cracks me up! I do not want dyed fish, period.They also sell whole fish, smoked fish, clams, mussels and oysters. They will shuck the oysters for you and there are tables near by to sit and eat them. OH YEAH! A dozen really fresh, delicious oysters for $14.00. Can't beat it. Weird to think though that they were alive only minutes earlier. But soooooooo delicious! They also BBQ those enormous oysters right there as well.
<review# 2123,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2009,10/24/2009,62,208,4,6,9>I am glad these guy's are far from my house. I would be 300+ pounds if they were close to me.  When you enter the business, there are 2 large freezers. One has perfect the other has seconds. And if you buy the cakes that are seconds, you can really pig out! There are a bunch of different sizes and more that 35 fabulous flavors. Try a sampler cake, a big luscious slice, or a just-right bite. The lady that is always there is very nice and as far as that goes..........every one there is cool!They are a wholesale bakery and they do sell to the public.BTW, They sell a slice of cheesecake for a 1 buck, The chocolate covered one is great!
<review# 2124,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2009,10/23/2009,25,77,3,9,8>I usually hike at Tennessee Valley but a few times I year, I make the 45 minute trek out to a trail head in Southern Point Reyes to hike to Alamere Falls. I've done the hike three times since discovering it last fall and it is hands down one of the best hikes I've ever done. The terrain can get rocky at a few points, so wear some stiff soled shoes; I wear trail runners, which are a bit too soft but they basically get the job done. Also, be sure to wear long pants - when you turn off the main trail to scamper down to Alamere Falls, you hit a narrow corridor full of everyone's favorite plant, poison oak. And one last very important piece of advice that I wish someone had given me before going, BRING A BATHING SUIT. Or, y'know, don't and go in your skivvies..because there is a rope swing into a lake halfway to the waterfall and if it's not freezing, it is going to be way too tempting to pass up! So now you're at the falls and see a beach below with people walking their horses and you desperately want to get down to join them and get a view of the waterfall from the beach. Off to the right, there is a very dusty, rocky, precariously steep and slippery trail that leads you down to the beach. Get prepared to make use of your hands and feet going down, and go slow; it's very doable but not at high speeds. Going back up is much easier than going down, and if you like scrambling, you'll have tons of fun doing this! I'd allow for 3 to 4 hrs here, maybe more if you fall in love with the beauty of the coastline in this area like I did because you won't want to leave! One final warning - your car will be FILTHY at the end of this. To get to the trailhead, you go down a dirt road that kicks up massive amounts of fine dust onto your back windshield; don't make the mistake i did in bringing a car I'd washed the day before!!
<review# 2125,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2009,10/22/2009,103,359,9,10,10>Creamy and delicious.  This is the place for you especially If you don't mind standing in line with the locals.  I've seen the lines outside the store but could never get myself to join the queue.  I'm happy I did 'cause it's good.  Oh my gosh good.I had the vanilla, honey, lavendar ice cream and it's summer time in a bite.  The mexican chocolate is also a close second but I suppose you can't go wrong with any ice cream in the shop.  It was a treat to taste the fresh waffle cones.August 2009It was good but the ice cream is so creamy and milky it's hard to eat.  The flavors were light and not as sweet as store-bought ice cream.  I prefer more flavor to my berry ice cream, not necessarily sugary flavor but more of a berry flavor.
<review# 2126,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2009,10/21/2009,52,62,8,14,13>I'm a huge fan of AVA!  New highlights: They are now featuring a Thursday night-only special:  smokey, dry-rubbed ribs served with a homemade kicky barbecue sauce, honey-butter drenched fresh-from-the-oven to-die-for cornbread, and savory succotash.  I was in BBQ heaven!  Save your next Thursday for this meaty treat.  I'll be there again soon too.p.s. You should also come by on Tuesday for the Fried Chicken special - apparently the chicken is cooked in duck fat.  Whatever they do, the flavor is intense and memorable, and the meat is more tender than you can imagine.  p.s.s. Wednesday is Jambalaya night.  If you like your dishes "mo' hotta mo' betta", then ask for the "Death Sauce" - you'll be blowing smoke out your ears!!  Yeehah.p.s.s. In case you're wondering if I only eat the nightly specials, I also can recommend you have the other items on the menu, especially the burger, watermelon salad (in season), bacon-wrapped cheese-stuffed dates, and flatbreads.  I'm also a big fan of their complementary freshly-baked bread with course sea-salt.  Wine selection and service are great as well (Dan and Holly Baker, the proprietors, are usually around and are all-around friendly - and knowledgeable - people).p.s.s.s.  Yeah, I know... too many p.s.'s.  Sorry!  But I just got back from another great meal at AVA and am kicking myself that I didn't mention the great service -- specifically Peter.  You'll spot him - the only male waiter - he is like your trusted neighbor/professional taster/experienced sommelier/buddy all in one.  Attentive, charming, discreet, and wonderfully psychic.  Tonight he recommended the Robert Craig cab when I wanted something red and hearty, then helped me decide on my main according to my mood.  And he was spot on. I wonder if he can help me win the next lottery next...
<review# 2127,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2009,10/20/2009,77,464,8,12,8>I am a massage devotee -- it is NOT a luxury, it is a necessity! After trying out, oh, ONE MILLION masseuses in this city to which I have moved, I finally stumbled on Massage Envy.  Was drawn in by their offer of $39 (now $49) for 1 hour.  Was taken in by bargain $59/month, and then by fabulous masseuses for whose services I would have had to pay 2-3 times for elsewhere. For deep tissue massage, Albert is The Man. Eric and Nathan are also excellent (Eric if you really want to be beat up).  For a relaxing froofroo massage, Dominique and Lisa are great. One star less because they don't get health benefits. I know, it's a business, but I still think that's poor.
<review# 2128,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2009,10/19/2009,362,1009,4,9,9>Can I give four stars based solely on ambiance? This place is perfect, particularly for a romantic winter evening with the one you love. Not to say that I've ever been here with anyone other than my parents, but you get the idea. The whole place gives off a warm glowy feeling, and not just due to the wood rotisserie inside. I've had a few appetizers - the calamari was tops in my book. Spinach salad is killer (the goat cheese just melts in your mouth) and the wood-grilled pizzas are just the perfect combination of crunch and taste. Even when I did eat meat, I wasn't all that into it, but the chicken is pretty good and the fish is even better. And don't forget the artisan cheeses...to. die. for. YUM.
<review# 2129,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/2/2009,10/18/2009,175,80,13,14,13>Went to El Encanto for happy hour with some friends, after coming to the realization that people are A LOT more fun when I'm drunk.The pros:~ Fried shrimp jalepeno poppers were tasty... and VERY spicy....~ One margarita, and I was hammered.~ Servers were very accomodating of my friends' special requests, and tolerated my buddy's TERRIBLE Spanish with grace, poise, and dignity.~ A very warm welcome, even if it did feel a bit forced.~ Tasty chips and salsaThe cons:~ I never was able to flag down a server to ask for a glass of water...~ The guacamole was watery, and tasted as though too much lime had been used.~ The quesadilla was very light on cheese.The verdict:While El Encanto isn't the greatest Mexican cuisine around, I'll probably go back for the occasional happy hour... Watching my friend try to stagger out of there was hilarious, and well worth the runny guacamole.
<review# 2130,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2009,10/17/2009,123,1032,9,7,7>Busy place, and I can see why. San Anselmo, like much of small-town Marin, is undergoing some demographic changes. This place, by being an upscale diner, has a wide appeal on multiple levels.The food is tasty. You won't be disappointed. I would say take your time, though, and think through what you're ordering because the portions will be huge. You might wanna bring a friend, or do some stomach stretching exercises before hand.Yay on the Meatloaf, and yay for the burgers. Our server was good at his job, and made the experience that much better. Also, try a shake.There's a big Guy Fieri poster on the wall. Yes, he ate here. Apparently he loved it so much he tagged the wall with a stencil. He's kind of douche-y, but you have to take his word that there is something good about this place.
<review# 2131,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2014,10/18/2014,184,265,1,4,5>I work in the wine industry (specifically for a German-Austrian wine importer) and my fiancee has been a whiskey connoisseur ever since he discovered his passion for bourbon as a "body-warmer" while living abroad in Sweden.For these reasons, we just can't shop for our booze at Safeway anymore. Where's the George Stagg? The Buffalo Trace? And no Austrian grüner veltliner or German rieslings? SCANDALOUS. Before reading any further: yes, I fully acknowledge that we are total snobs. This is a fact we've come to terms with. For our own ridiculous needs and high-standards, we consider Ludwig's and Mill Valley Market to be our local meccas for rare and/or fine wines and liquors. If there's a specific wine I cannot find, I can almost always find it here, and even if not, these are the guys who know where you can find that special something. Buying a bottle of St. George's Terroir (a locally made gin) is special enough anywhere, but you can even buy mini 3-pack GIFT SETS of the St. George's gin line here. I've also been able to acquire fine French calvados pays d'auge here when all I cound find was Laird's Applejack elsewhere.I'd keep going on about how awesome this place is, but I think you get the idea. It's really a paradise for wine, whiskey, and cigar lovers alike.
<review# 2132,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2014,10/17/2014,25,76,4,5,6>I absolutely love this place! My wife and I alway go there when we need our yogurt fix! they always have great flavors and toppings and they always offer to give you samples of any flavor they have. Oh and if yogurt is not your thing they have a very good selection of gelato's for your to choose from, my favorite is the pistachio! The place is always clean. The employees are always very nice and helpful. The toppings are very good and they are always cutting fresh fruits like strawberries, mangos, pineapple to refill the bins! Oh and every time you buy 4 oz of yogurt you get one stamp on your card and when you fill it up you get one free yogurt! Pretty sweet deal!! If it hot outside and you need to cool off, stop by you wont be disappointed!!
<review# 2133,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2014,10/16/2014,18,98,3,2,2>A restaurant for working people.  You know it's good because you can see all these trades people chowing down with expressions of contentment as they recharge their bodies with this delicious and healthy food.Grab your brew from the cooler, place your order, get your number and wait for the food.  They have Mexican beers and some good local (Laguinitas)The salsa/chips are first rate - fresh.  I had the chili verde burrito and I could taste the fresh tomato inside and see the fullness of the beans.  Delicious!This place is on the west side of the street just before the gas station (Fast Lane).   I like to stop there to eat in the evening if I am heading North from Healdsburg.They have a TV to watch if you like Mexican TV - though I watched some of the World Series one time while I enjoyed my burrito.(The Mexican market is in the same plaza and they have a great butcher  shop if you need meat. )
<review# 2134,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2014,10/15/2014,43,116,5,7,5>The entire staff is so awesome it's really hard to believe. You know when you walk into a business and you can tell the employees are unhappy and don't want to be there? THIS IS NOT THAT PLACE! You can tell that everyone there WANTS to be there and LOVES their job. Did I mention that they all have a great sense of humor too? Move over Disneyland, there is a happier place to be where you can get your grill straightened. More important positive notes-Top of the line equipment- Knowledgeable staff- Gentle hands- Ipads for the kids to play while waiting- Free coffee and healthy snacks (oh yeah, they have a keurig)- Newest addition POPCORN machineIf you are looking for a top notch orthodontist now or you know you are going to need one in the near future, I highly suggest you get an appointment here to see what your options are.My daughter is ten and she has had a positive experience here. My son is next in line and can't wait to design his retainer just like his big sister did.Payment plans you ask? Yes, they have those and they are very reasonable. When they asked who referred you please tell them Jamie's Yelp review compelled you to check them out.SMILE
<review# 2135,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2014,10/14/2014,66,73,1,7,7>Most definitely a FIVE STAR review from me!  My company orders 3 desserts monthly from Emily and they are always delicious.  Some of our favorites have been:Flourless Chocolate CakePeanut Butter Cup CupcakesPeanut Butter Cup CookiesANY of her cheesecakes.If you're looking for a sweet treat, Emily is your gal!
<review# 2136,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2014,10/13/2014,226,648,3,8,6>By far the best restaurant I've had in Petaluma. The chef really knows what he's doing! I had the tomato with goat cheese, tomato and roasted red pepper soup and the parmesan crusted prawns. The tomatoes were great- the balsamic sweetened them up and the goat cheese paired amazingly, while the tomato and roasted red pepper soup was perfectly balanced between the red peppers and tomatoes so the flavors weren't overwhelming on either end.The Parmesan crusted prawns are some of the best I've ever had - the chef really knew what he was doing, the parmesan crusted was a perfect compliment to the perfectly cooked prawns. His champagne pesto sauce had such complex, wonderful flavors I can't even do them justice with a description, you'll just have to go in and try them.For dessert we overindulged and ordered 3 since we couldn't narrow it down - Their creme brulee and pecan walnut tart were all amazing. But if you're there and the apple crisp is on the menu - order it. Its one of the best desserts I've ever had.On top of the amazing food, the service was great. We really liked our servers and enjoyed joking around with them. The place has about 7-8 tables so I recommend making a reservation since they're only open on weekends, but its really worth trying. For the food you get, the prices are really reasonable for a nice night out.
<review# 2137,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2014,10/12/2014,259,650,18,22,19>Fisherman's Cove and the wildly popular Spud Point Chowder Company sit side by side in Bodega Bay but the reasons for choosing Fisherman's Cove over Spud Point are many:1.  Spud Point serves no alcohol.  Fisherman's Cove does.  Do you need me to go on?   Fisherman's Cove is a hybrid joint, selling fishing supplies (knives, bait, tackle, sweatshirts, ice) and food.  They have a great Yelp check-in offer of a free cup of chowder but when they ask if you'd prefer Seafood Stew the right response is "indeed".  The chowder may be good (didn't try it) but the Seafood Stew was great.  And free.    Seafood places, even casual ones, are always more expensive than I wish they were or think they should be.  The Crab Salad ($11) was served in the tiniest of cups and, though it contained a lot of crab, it was gone before I knew it.  I wish they'd served it as part of a big crab salad but they did not.  Fish & Chips ($12) were also quite good though again, the portion size was not excessive.  Something about being out in the cool sea air had me wishing to fill my stomach to excess which brings me back to the number one reason to choose Fisherman's Cove over its nearest neighbor.  Fisherman's Cove offers indoor or outdoor seating, fresh oysters, and other foodstuff.  Did I mention beer and wine?  They have that too.  Good place, uber casual.
<review# 2138,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2014,10/11/2014,2595,287,10,20,19>When I read on Biteclub about the brimming newness on the horizon of The Naked Pig (biteclubeats.com/waffles), I routinely stalked the place until I was alerted of its maiden voyage, perfectly timed for Easter morning. Situated in the slowly blossoming SOfA district, the Pig takes a big risk in location, in eyeshot of the neighborhood heavyweight Dierks Parkside, and just down the street from hipster favorite Spinster Sisters, and newcomer Undercover Baking Company. Parking is the only big issue, as it is the old Greyhound bus stop, which shares a lot with a quick-e mart, an abandoned auto repair store, and Las Palmas Mexican grill. Wait was short, although we had called to let them know we were coming, as it was both opening day and easter. We opted to sit outside, instead of wait for one of the few inside tables, plus the sun was hot and beautiful. We started with their Strauss Organic milk lattes ($3.50), and an order of the Bone Broth gravy topped Green Onion biscuits and ham with eggs ($13). Lattes were hot and creamy, and not acidic or too weak. Biscuits were a little on the lumpy side, but I chock that up to opening day newness. Flavor was good, the gravy was savory, the ham was perfectly cooked, and the eggs were an exceptionally mastered sunny side up. Best part was that the savory gravy was topped with a generous serving of fresh tarragon, which I thought was delightful, and a sorely under-appreciated fresh herb.For the main dishes, we ordered a little of everything. I had the Pulled Pork Waffle ($13) with house made bbq sauce, and requested a side of the whiskey caramel sauce to dink around with. The end result was my Pulled pork and caramel waffle, which was a WINNER. Pulled pork was flavorful, tangy, and lightly dressed, waffle was a little on the soft side, and the caramel was bursting with whiskey freshness, and I wished I had more of it.My brother had the straight up Whiskey Caramel waffle ($11) which he actually had two of, so you can imagine, they were a hit. Mom had the Wilted Market Greens with eggs and cheddar polenta ($12), which made her happy because it was ovo- vegetarian, had garlic-kissed kale and was definitely not boring. I wanted the polenta flavor to be more cheddar, and less corn, and could also have used a touch more salt. Dad had the Butter and Eggs Morning Sandwich ($10) which he all but vacuumed down, and was made on yummy Village bakery English muffins. I'm excited for the Pig to add its unique culinary flair to the area, and once they expand their menu and work out the day-to-days of having a restaurant, I see the Pig being a hit. I'd love for them to add teas, non-dairy drink options, and some more dishes with zest, but that will come with time, and expanded comfort.
<review# 2139,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2014,10/10/2014,114,151,3,7,7>Fun little place for a delicious, hearty breakfast. The service was friendly, efficient and the food arrived quick! It's a well known place for good eats, as the parking lot was full on a weekday at 9:45. Portions are huge, and their orange juice is fresh. Biscuits and gravy is on point, and I totally sounded like Darth Vader as I gobbled it down. Lots of heavy breathing. Coffee was great, I suspect it to be Farmers Brothers (which happens to be my favorite). I like my coffee like I like my men, strong and dark. All in all, a great dining experience and I'll be here again to try to their lunch.
<review# 2140,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2014,10/9/2014,63,158,6,5,4>My family and I ate at Peter Lowell's last night, and I've determined that any reviews that have given less than 4 stars here, are absolutely absurd. Peter Lowell's food was all fresh, organic, local and sustainable. The absolute best of our local Sonoma County ingredients are featured here. You can order knowing that you are getting the most superior and ethically produced product available! And the food is innovative and delicious.There were five of us last night. NOTE** Of the five of us, we represent 3 different dietary needs: Vegan, Gluten-Free and Carnivore. We did it all, from appetizer to dessert. PL's was able to deliver delicious food for all three different diets for all three courses!We were celebrating my sister's birthday, so we brought in a few bottles of wine. There was a $15 corkage fee for each of those bottles. I think the cheapest bottle on the menu was around $35. The service was great, extremely knowledgeable, not overbearing at all. The waiter was able to tell us everything about the pork, down to how the meat was butchered.I thought the atmosphere was really nice as well. Outside seating had heaters and a lovely bamboo pond. There is a yoga studio next door, which actually seemed fitting. Now...THE FOOD. We got the Antipasti appetizer, which was crostini, cured olives, a chunk of good cheese, dressed greens, a roasted head of garlic, white bean dip and some roasted root veggies. It was enough for the five of us to get a taste of everything and have some lovely olives and cheese to go with our first glass of wine. It would be a large appetizer for a party of two. They brought over a bottle of red pepper oil, which was a spicy and delicious compliment to their baked bread. We also got a roasted pepper appetizer, which ended up being a large bowlful of roasted and sea-salted peppers, served with a side of creme fraiche. They were amazing, a totally elevated version of your basic jalapeno poppers and it was a large serving--we must have had 10 apiece! The flavors were all clean, simple, and ingredient focused. We also got the soup of the day, a heavenly butternut squash soup, drizzled with basil and olive oil. It was texturally perfect. Smooth and creamy, yet vegan. I could eat another bowl of it right now! Once again, it was a huge bowl of soup! We ended up sharing two of them around the table.The entrees were basically to die for. Let me first tell you, that I am the Gluten-free eater in the party. I had never heard of acorn flour pasta, but PL's offered it and I googled it and found that it was gluten free (the waiter told me too but I had to check)! My lucky day. It was absolutely incredible! Definitely the best GF pasta I've had to date. It's earthy and hearty, and clearly hand crafted. It was served filled with ricotta cheese and broccolette, on a bed of more fluffy ricotta cheese. It had a sauce that included dried apricots on top. It was just incredible! Another large portion, that I needed help in finishing! My vegan sis got a polenta ragu dish with roasted veggies and marinara that was flavorful and fantastic. The guy got pork roasted with apples and said it was juicy and perfectly cooked. He actually said it was one of the best meals he had ever had. Mom and Dad shared a pizza and a salad, which were both quite large and definitely enough for a shared meal. I didn't taste theirs, but they both seemed super satisfied with it. The pizza was thin crunchy crust, and had caramelized onions and fontina cheese, with some dressed greens on top. Now, you must know about dessert. GLUTEN FREE PEOPLE HEAR ME NOW! PL's has the MOST INCREDIBLE flourless chocolate cake in town, maybe further. It was truly orgasmic. Velvet bittersweet/sweet chocolate, and homemade whip cream on top. Once again, a giant piece which I shared with nearly everyone at the table and STILL took a chunk home with me (yay)!! For vegan sis, they had vegan coconut/fig/cookie sundae. Ridiculous. SO GOOD. Vegan or not, it was amazing. The guy got a HUGE slice of apple pie/ice cream, and the parents got a pear tart and an affogato. No complaints, no complaints whatsoever. Topped it all off with americanos and one cacao matte tea. Did that sound like an incredible experience? It was. We rolled ourselves out of PL's with distended bellies full of the best food ever. Sonoma County is so delicious! I can't wait to return!
<review# 2141,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2008,4/25/2008,1,1,2,7,5>Fred's is like home away from home!  Toto & Sergio have been cooking there for 20+ years and wow are they good!  It is the best breakfast (diner style) in Marin!  I recommend at least once trying a pancake and a piece of french toast.  And the eggs are amazing.  The staff are kind and very accommodating. Eating family style is fun too - you can meet all kinds of different folks at Fred's.It is anything but typical.  It is the best Diner!   I also recommend their hamburgers --really good.See you at Fred's!!
<review# 2142,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/19/2007,4/24/2008,690,683,1,14,6>Jessie et Laurent offers a super-useful, semi-custom food delivery service.  Think of it as a step down from your own personal chef, but a big step up from take out diner food and your own reheated leftovers.  In short you can order a week's worth of food each Friday, then get it delivered to your fridge the following Monday or Tuesday.We used their service for 4-6 weeks this summer and generally found them to be punctual, customer-friendly and we thought the food was pretty good.Unfortunately we did also have a bad experience, so we are no longer customers.  My 3 year old has several allergies including egg, and the short story is that they changed a recipe -- adding egg -- and failed to notify their office staff.  So despite my asking numerous time for no egg product and being assured we had no problem, my son ingested egg and got very sick. To their credit, Jessie et Laurent handled the aftermath as well as they could have... with the CEO calling to apologize profusely and immediately refunding my week's bill. So I'm not mad at them and hold no grudges, but I also don't use their service at this point.I've been pondering how to write this review for months now and figured I would just tell it straight.  Bottom line is that they offer a pretty great (albeit expensive) service and if we did not have serious allergy issues, I'd be a customer today.
<review# 2143,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2007,4/23/2008,112,188,2,4,5>This place just flat out rocks.I usually stick to the plate dinners.  The dark meat chicken with beans/rice and plantains are to DIE for.  Dump on some of that chili-juice-sauce-marinade-bottled-stuff and you won't be disappointed.Those plantains are just awesome and get some of the weird fruit tea while your at it.I've never been to the larger location but I simply love the smaller one.  Only enough room for maybe 6 inside and another 10 outside.  I always end up talking to someone and they always end up being nice.Any time I'm in San Rafael I have a hard time finding a place to eat because Sol Food is always in the back of my mind.Took a friend there a few weeks back and he went back TWICE the following week.
<review# 2144,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2007,4/22/2008,197,416,,5,4>If you're dreaming of bringing Chez Panisse home, this is the place to get your dishes.  Definitely love the jade green, white, teal and pomegranate color combos with brown...even more, I know I can bang these dishes around and not have to worry about breaking them very easily.  I came on a Thursday so I missed out on going on the factory tour, which I'd love to do sometime.  There's a ton of tile to admire.  The shop is clean and very well organized.  For bargain hunters like myself, there's a clearance shelf with work with mistakes (missed glazings, accidental indentations, etc).
<review# 2145,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2008,4/21/2008,23,0,,8,6>After reading that Italian chef extraordinaire, Mario Batali, crowned it the best pizza in America - I HAD to go to Pizzeria Picco during my recent 3-day lay over in Marin.There was just 2 of us so instead of waiting for an outside table, we opted to be seated at the cozy little bar (right in the heart of the pizza-making action and adjacent to the toasty wood-burning pizza oven). I started out with the organic green salad (very nice), and then shared a Pizza Margherita. Yum - so perfectly cheesy and delicious! The crust - which was thin, doughy, and oh so flavorful - was my favorite part of the pie. We also picked up a (ridiculously creamy and surprisingly subtle) Strauss family soft-serve (vanilla and chocolate swirl) with the chocolate hard-shell topping. Overall, I fell in love with everything about this little pizza joint - even the tiny size doesn't really bother me. Serving just a few customers at a time seems to ensures that everything is fresh and made to order. Next time I'd like to try the arugula salad and the Margherita with the buffalo mozzarella.
<review# 2146,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2007,4/20/2008,147,287,15,15,13>"And on the seventh day He rested. And was a bit hungry, so went to Taqueria San Jose for a quick burrito. 'Cause being God, he wanted something filling. And after making the world and stuff, he was broke, so needed someplace cheap."The food is phenominal - this is my favourite taqueria (so far) in the Bay Area, with the super pastor (sounds like a clergyman in a cape) burrito, san crema, y poco arroz (hearing an Irishman speaking Spanish is rather funny) being my personal fave. A burrito that tips the scales at well over a pound, and yet costing a mere $4.95. And yep - all you can eat chips and salsa (don't fill up on it though, because as I said, the burrito you just ordered is the size of a large chihuahua) and tasty sides to boot.But as one or two fellow Yelpers have pointed out, you come for the food, but you don't stay for the ambiance. One time I was there with the wifey, we overheard two guys talking about shooting someone over in the Canal area. In general it's not the cleanest spot in the world, and parking can be a nightmare. (Avoid their own lot, and just park a block or two away - you'll be glad of the walk after you've downed a billion calories)So the verdict - great place to come for lunch, but I wouldn't bring a date if I was trying to impress her.
<review# 2147,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2007,4/19/2008,120,177,4,6,5>Meg Ryan at the Mercer Kitchen.  Matthew Perry at Frisson.  I love celebrity sightings at restaurants and got another opportunity at Buckeye.  I won't name the celebrity, but will give you some not-so-subtle hints:College of Culinary Arts graduateAte with son MilesFood Network starEmphasis on uncomplicated recipes, bright flavors and fresh foodTraveled throughout the US to rescue recipes from 911 disastersEat This BookReal KitchenIs a nearby residentAwarded an honorary doctorate from Johnson & Wales UniversityNeedless to say, this person is one of my idols in the cooking world and I felt like such a groupie when I saw him.  He apparently is good friends with chef Robert Price as well.  Food:  5 stars.  This place is a godsend for those who like BBQ...and for those who don't.  The restaurant does both equally well, as evidenced by the delectable lobster bisque we had to start, along with the crispy yet non-greasy calamari "fritto misto" with tomatillo salsa.  The entrees were heavenly.  The meat on the BBQ beef brisket comes apart so easily.  The Buckeye barbequed baby back ribs are not too meaty but come in a sweet, smoky sauce - you don't ever want to run out of ribs.  Another winner was the chili-lime "brick" chicken, which provides you with a generous cut of both dark and white meat chicken that is flavorful and juicy.   The dishes were huge, so we unfortunately had no room for dessert (although I've heard good things about the s'mores pie).  I peeked over to see what Mr. Celebrity was eating - I saw him scarfing down the half dozen oysters and the hamburger - he seemed to be enjoying both.Service:  3 stars.  On a scale of 1-10, our server gets a 10 when rated on gregariousness.  Unfortunately, this is accompanied by a loud, booming voice that carries throughout the entire dining room.  I could hear his conversations with guests at other tables (including this story about his kid's crayon drawings - he even brought one out to show the guests sitting at the table next to us!).  He's definitely a nice guy, but not the most professional for a restaurant of this caliber.  Atmosphere:  4 stars.  The interior is reminiscent of a Tahoe ski lodge, which is perfect for those cold winters and cold summers.  Highlights include a huge fireplace at one end of the dining room and the wood smoker out back (which I saw Mr. Celebrity checking out).  Other than the celebrity, everyone else here is pretty darn old.  Hits:   Chili-lime "brick" chicken, BBQ beef brisket, BBQ baby back ribs.Misses:  I see old people.If You Like This Place, You'd Probably Like:  Rutherford Grill, Martini House, Fog City Diner
<review# 2148,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2007,4/18/2008,45,118,5,5,5>The good: FOODCorn Fritters:  mostly corn, just a whisper of fritter.  Sweet and crispy and delicious.  You may feel haunted by their memory.Vietnamese Pork Sandwich:  really good, comes with a salad with dressing that tastes like hot hot heat.  Careful!Pad Thai - good enough to pay that much for.I feel safe in saying that all the food is really very good.  It's pan-Asian fusion, nothing's "authentic" but it's all good eats.  Interesting beverages, including some signature cocktails and no-alcohol juice drinks (and some High End teas...).You can reserve on OpenTable (good, since they never answer the phone).The Bad:Pricey.  Almost offensively so in some instances.Service is uneven - sometimes obsequious, groveling love slaves, sometimes indifferent and emotionally unavailable.  Roll the dice.  It's like high school dating.The Ugly:Our waiter emphatically stressed the "High-End" ingredients and commented relentlessly on the dedication to the best, freshest ingredients.  He did this while bending close enough for us to inspect his dental work.When asked about a particular dish, his response was always completely without helpful substance.  "How's the Firecracker Chicken?"  "Oh, just excellent.  Very succulent."  We hope all the food is excellent; will it knock my hat in the creek or is it just zesty?His comb-over didn't help me to forgive this presumptuous failed community theater actor.  Sir, get over yourself.The ambient "Asian-y" trance club music wasn't really what I was looking for in a pre-10pm experience.
<review# 2149,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2007,4/17/2008,116,243,11,6,12>I love lavender.I love lavender scent in my shampoo, soap, lotion, potpourri.  I even have a bundle of dried lavender on my desk at work.  However, it has never crossed my mind to EAT lavender.Well I crossed that line this weekend.  The vanilla lavender honey ice cream at Fairfax Scoop is utterly amazing.  Now I want to put lavender in all of my desserts.    I think the Body Shop should create a body butter in this flavor.  I think I want to marry this flavor.Walking into the tiny shop, you're overwhelmed with the sweet scent of fresh waffle cones being made.  I love the simple offerings of the daily flavors with no crazy options.  The sizes are very appropriate and controlled - not like some ice cream places where bigger is better and quality plays second fiddle.  The prices are right, especially considering the quality ingredients used.  We were a group of 17 (9 kids and 8 adults) on their way home from a camping trip - smelly and tired but with ice cream karma on our side as there was virtually no line on a warm Sunday afternoon.   The place is tiny but we all managed to get our ice cream cones without incident, all were able to sit/stand/loiter on the sidewalk to share the wonderful scoops.  The kid sized cones for $1.50 is a great deal - perfectly sized perfectly round perfectly scooped scoops of goodness securely nestled in the fresh waffle cones for safe licking and avoid ice cream overboard that force us to stand in the now long line to get another scoop with a crying kid in tow....  I had the small scoop with coconut and vanilla lavender honey.  The coconut tasted fresh and intensely coco-nutty.  Hubs had the double scoop with Mexican chocolate and strawberry - both were delicious.  He finished his and half of mine and most of our kids.  He is the human garbage disposal for ice cream but lucky for me he still manages to look hot. So, I have decided...when we become millionaires, we're so going to abandon Oakland and move to Fairfax where we will wear expensive clothing made of organic hemp and eat nothing but VLH ice cream on the sidewalk of this totally cute hippy town.  We will grow heirloom tomatoes and our children will turn goth and pan handle in the Haight for extra income.
<review# 2150,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2007,4/16/2008,849,1374,2,15,10>This is "The Caterer."Our tasting here set her far apart from the other three catering tastings we attended. Ann herself ran the tasting from her kitchen located among some beautiful seminary buildings in Marin County. She was the most professional of everyone we met with, and it was obvious that were we to pick her, the day would run as smooth as silk. And it did - the servers were great, and Ann and her son provided excellent online communication leading up to the wedding. Among Brazilian Room caterers, Shai's, Serves You Right, Schumann's Four Seasons, and Culinary Excellence were cheaper, but Ann Walker was still cheaper than half of the caterers on the list, and she was worth every penny.Everything we tried we loved. There was not a single clunker on the menu (something that definitely could not be said for the other places we tried). Even though Ann believes strongly in seasonality and only has you taste dishes that are in season during the catering (which therefore might not be the ones you'd have for your event), everything tasted so good I felt I could put my trust in her for dishes we would not be able to try before the wedding.At the tasting we tried:Apps-Spanish olives -Marinated mushrooms (this and the olives were very good, but I didn't want to serve Spanish appetizers I felt I could get anywhere and weren't special enough)-Nori with chicken mousse and wasabi creme freiche (I'm not a big meat mousse fan but this was done expertly well)-*Chicken satay with cilantro peanut sauce (excellent with an unusual dipping sauce)-Spinach empanadas (one of my least favorite apps but still really good; had another caterer served it during a tasting it would have made the final menu)-Beef picadillo empanadas (very good)-Duck confit spring rolls with cranberry apple chutney (this was one of my favorites but unfortunately it's not best served in August at the time of our wedding)-*Shittake mushroom cakes with black bean aioli (loved it; very interesting flavors)Entrees and Sides-*Roasted vegetables with brava sauce (I never knew I liked turnips before trying this dish; the other vegetables were awesome as well and the sauce was amazing)-Chicken with white beans and Madeira sauce (really yummy; we added it to our menu but ended up tossing it favor of steak)-Spinach and three cheese rolled pasta (very rich tasting but not too much so; this made our wedding menu but then we removed it in favor of something that was vegan)* = Good enough to make our wedding menuWe also added to our menu:Apps-Potato and pea samosas with mint chutney (our vegan friend loved these; they were very good)Sides-Heirloom tomato salad with marinated mozzarella and two basil dressing (my husband's and my absolute favorite dish)-Crusty breads and sweet butter (brought in from another bakery)Entrees-Hanger steaks topped with romesco butter (we got a ton of compliments on this dish but we thought the meat was a little tough; maybe that's typical of hangar steak)-Wild Salmon with a corn relish (good but didn't blow us away)-Saffron risotto cakes with mushroom sauce (a great vegan option; this dish really grew on me and was one of the husband's favorites)Dessert-Seasonal fruit salad (this was served with the cake and was very good; it was a nice not too sugary alternative for the non-cake eaters)Ann suggested we add a seasonal fruit agua fresca since our wedding is in August. That sounded wonderful to us since we love agua fresca! She also recommended serving sangria, which sounded delightful. Our canteloupe agua fresca was on the bland side, but we really liked the sangria.A foodie friend of mine used Ann Walker for her Brazilian Room wedding, and raved about the food. Apparently, Ann created a menu of Iranian specialties just for the occasion (my friend's husband is from Iran).I'm just sad she doesn't have a restaurant so that I can eat my favorite dishes again after the wedding.
<review# 2151,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2008,1/14/2009,187,445,9,10,10>I have two words: Yum Yum.This place rocks for many reasons: the menu (so many options and for all eaters except maybe vegans), the biscuits that come with every dish (omg, they're crack in bread form) --- and the berry compote that accompanies them (crack in berry form), the big cozy booths when you can score one, and the bill is always reasonable. Today I had the pear-walnut omelette and it was oh-so-very sweet-n-salty delicious. My boyfriend had the pancakes drowning in bananas and berries ... pure sugary art (I'm drooling as I write about it). Our friends shared pancakes and the spanish omelette --- we all left fat and happy. Service? Who cares about brunch service when the food is heaven.So if in Marin and hungry for an excellent brunch/lunch, mark this place as a YES. Especially on a bright, sunny day.*If yer a dog lover, there's always sure to be a couple cuties waiting outside for their owner. I had a black terrier mutt named Houdini on my lap for a half hour while we waited; highlight of my day besides the Dipsea biscuit.
<review# 2152,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2008,1/13/2009,40,45,7,6,6>I have loved every dish I've ordered at Perugina so far.Try this restaurant if you're up for the challenge.  Beware, once you pull up and step out of your car, you will feel absolutely torn.  Chao Praya (the only reason why you even know this small Novato center exists) is only a few steps away, and all the Thai spiciness in the air is beckoning to you, "Eat me! Eat me!"  Who wouldn't want to?  But soon after, your nose detects an equally wholesome aroma, rich and full, gently wafting from the door to Perugina.  After a quick moment's indecision, you may be fortunate enough to choose Perugina.  Lemme tell ya, it's worth it.My favorite dishes are Lomo Saltado and the chicken stew (name?).  I personally thought everything was cooked just right.  The portions are pretty big.  The chicken stew came with delicious little disk-shaped platanos.  Platanos w/cream is also a must!The food comes out pretty fast, although the service is a little awkward.  I'll definitely be going back again!
<review# 2153,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2008,1/12/2009,1345,369,3,3,4>Sam's serves up family love on a sun soaked deck that will leave you jumping off the ferry to get some more.The Whole Sam's experience is what I think makes it so unique and fun. Departing from SF, and cruising along the bay to Tiburon's docks is a great way to view the city and set the day for Sam's.The deck is always bustling with groups of friends, and it energizes the seagull filled air. It's a great place to sit back, enjoy a morning cocktail, and discuss the adventures of the weekend nights.I had the crab salad sandwich and they definitely don't skimp you on the crab. It's delicious, fresh, and will easily fill you up. The brunch menu has all the classics, such as eggs benedict, which I was able to taste from a friend's and it didn't disappoint. Every item ordered was hearty, flavorful, and had just enough bang to ease you into your Sunday coma.Sam's is all about catching up with friends, soaking in the old time charm of Tiburon, and remembering why laughing and being surrounded by great people is what life is all about.
<review# 2154,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/27/2008,1/11/2009,895,1265,6,8,7>My friend and I stopped in to browse since it's one of the stores in Sausalito geared towards a "younger" audience...trendier items, pretty tops, some cute coats by Tulle, handbags, inexpensive Crush sunglasses, and UGGs (for adults and kiddies).  I liked some of their jewelry too, displayed nicely on glass shelves and not behind a case (much easier to maneuver through).  The reason for the three star experience?  Because there were THREE people in there who either worked there or were associated with the store ownership (assuming from their conversation) and not one of them acknowledged us while we were in the store.  I'd rather spend my money at somewhere that at least PRETENDS to care.
<review# 2155,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2008,1/10/2009,783,779,3,3,5>Ordered a Sausalito Burger. It was OK. Maybe a bit too greasy for my mood that day. It was huge, so I ended up feeding a bum with the rest of it later that day. He was so happy! Service is really friendly at Sausalito Bakery and Cafe. I loved their baklava, and kept eyeballing their other desserts which were freshly made in their bakery. It was really nice to sit outside on this warm day.
<review# 2156,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2008,1/9/2009,21,18,4,7,6>Sometimes, when I'm with the family- I just want a nice, comfortable place where I can get pizza for the kids and some tasty Italian food for my wife and myself. I don't mean the fancy stuff that's expensive and can be found a few doors down- I mean good old red sauce Italian food- the kind of place where you inevitably end up with a spot on your good t-shirt...Anyway- Napoli is that kind of place. We went in because the owner greeted us at the door with slices and we thought- what the heck- it's worth a shot. The interior is warm and inviting, as is the service.   We ordered some pizza for the kids- which arrived hot and ready for them in a flash. I had a stromboli, which was amazing (although- if you're not a vegetarian- get the kind with meat- it's more flavorful!). My wife had a great ceasar sald served with freshly baked dinner rolls. The biggest surpise though- was the wine list. There are some amazing deals on that list. They can't be making money on their wines with these prices! They also have a huge selection of wines by the glass- but why would you buy by the glass when a bottle is only $30? It lengthens the meal- because it's hard to drive back to Novato after finishing a bottle of wine and an assorted beer- but everyone in the restaurant is friendly and they make it easy to linger.On a subsequent return for lunch- I had an eggplant sandwich which was really good. My Dad had the stromboli on my suggestion and enjoyed it as well.So- the bottom line is that if you're looking for a casual, inexpensive, friendly place to take the family AND have a great time enjoying great wines- Napoli is the place to go.
<review# 2157,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2008,1/8/2009,136,535,6,5,8>Really liked the products and selection here. Has tons of Bumble and Bumble products - everything I could think of wanting from B&B was there (including the hair powders). The products I bought and looked at were the same or cheaper by a couple bucks than other places I've looked/shopped. Will definitely be back. Some others have commented on the service, but I didn't have any problems (and actually thought it was good while I was in the store). I was offered help while I was looking, and when I went and stood in line a girl ran over and opened the other till and helped me right away. That's not a common occurrence, and stands out these days.
<review# 2158,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2008,1/7/2009,340,262,13,15,23>WOW.  Sunset here is magic. The view of the bay leaves me speechless.I go to the North Bay probably as often as I go to the dentist -- and with the same level enthusiasm -- but I will actually come back here -- and I have the amazing Yelp fairies who sent me here to thank -- thank you thank you.XOXO,P
<review# 2159,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2008,1/6/2009,140,100,4,5,5>yummy. spicy. delicious and only 99 cents for a diet coke. plus, the Masala Tea was delicious and Om was only a short walk from the San Rafael Movie Theater.I suggest doing what we did: watching Slumdog Millionaire and then, having a meal at Om South Indian Cuisine. 28 dollars for a vegetarian meal, idlii, extra chappati (pls pardon my horrible spelling), cucumber yogurt salad, Masala tea, and a diet coke. 2 people were in our party. We ate a lot of food and were very full. It was an excellent dinner.
<review# 2160,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2008,1/5/2009,357,443,4,8,6>Such a great get-a-away and only about an hour or so drive from the Bay Area. Take the scenic route up the 1 or just cut straight through. Either route you take be ready for some winding roads. Had I some new tires on my motorcycle it would have been a perfect and enjoyable ride... or if your a cyclist it would be a good days ride. Just a note, if you print directions out on google it can be kind of confusing when it says turn left on limontaur. According to the directions the hostel should be .1 miles after you make this one turn, but in essence you should keep following the road for about 5 miles or so. The hostel itself is well maintained with the main building and a separate sleep quarters about 100m away. Each building has designated male and female sleep quarters along with communal bathroom and showers. Sheets or sleeping bags should be brought or you can borrow it from the staff along with some pillows. Upon arriving they give you a brief speech about hostels and a tour around the kitchen, etc... They make sure to emphasize that the price is so cheap because the guest is also the maid. Let it be known that you should leave the place cleaner than you found it for good measure.  The main building requires that noise be cut out by 10pm while the other side is free to do whatever until whenever.  They supply ample books as well as board games to keep guests entertained in their down time away from nature. Trails can be followed through the hills and even to the beach which is about a 2 mile walk.  The air is so clear you can see every star and make out the galaxy standing outside the hostel... so beautiful and serene.
<review# 2161,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2010,10/14/2010,252,234,2,5,3>Signorello Estate is by far one the most beautiful wineries I have been to. The views overlook all of Napa Valley; from the top of the hill, pool side with a glass of Seta (the chard and semillon blend) what could be better?! Oh, perhaps a slider of Kobe beef prepared by their onsite Chef in one of the Enoteca's?! I think yes. The wines are all absoultley amazing, delicious and will leave you begging for another sip. This is not the place to be frugal. I think the Seta and the Rose are my favorites, though I am a sucker for a great Chardonnay and this one is not lacking in the French Oak and creamy qualities.Taste at the bar with the delightful staff; Kathy and danny are truly wonderful to chat with :)Sit on the patio out back with the stunning views and enjoy one of the Enotecas.. worth every penny ($65/person) for a nice lunch in the Napa Valley.(Who said sonomans can't go to the other side?! For a visit.....:-p)
<review# 2162,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2010,10/13/2010,87,152,4,4,6>Went to a rockin' party recently that was catered by the tasteful creations from Oz Catering!  Idit (Idit Oz) sure knows how to feed people whether they are vegetarian, vegan, meat lovers, or semitarians like me.   Unique hors d'ouevers like Mushroom Nut Pate, Lamb Kabobs in Mint, Sweet Yams in Caviar.  She did some crazy stuff with Sea Bass and Halibut I can't describe but it makes me salivate just writing about it.And the desserts.  Oh boy.  She made these tiny chocolate cupcakes with a sweet frosting sprinkled with crushed coffee beans.  I must of had 20 of them.   Because I watched TV until 3am.And to top it off, Idit is a lot of fun!  She must do a lot of prep work for being so relaxed about feeding 50 people.  Next time you have a party think of calling her.  And then invite me.
<review# 2163,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2010,10/12/2010,415,316,7,10,9>Yummy Yummy Yummy I've got love in my tummy..... OMG. I am a bread addict and this place is my "bread crack". I am so happy they have arrived in San Rafael... I stopped today and pick up a few of my fave's and just totally enjoyed every little bite. Nothing to see here.. no crumbs for you. The staff is wonderful which only makes it harder for me to kick my addiction. Dang... Oh well, now I guess it is time for me to join the Loop next door and be one with my addiction.
<review# 2164,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2010,10/11/2010,83,446,4,9,6>My husband and I gave it another chance last night. It was a decidedly improved experience. The table service was good despite the fact that they were busy. Our food came in a timely fashion. The waitress was excellent. One thing on my plate (the greens that came with my grilled chicken) were way too vinegary. The manager asked me how everything was and when I told her about my dissatisfaction with the greens she got me a side of the other veggies that were on the side of the fish special. My grilled chicken was done to perfection. The mashed potatoes were good. My husband liked his tuna special. We sat at the community table, a concept that is dear to my heart. While we didn't end up chatting with any of our table mates, I will give it another try. I enjoy randomly meeting people in restaurants and comparing foodie stories. There is a big screen tv next to the community table. They had ESPN on with a lot of sports (unhappy face). I requested the food channel instead, and to their major credit, they obliged. So thank you Dish. We'll be back.
<review# 2165,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/14/2009,10/10/2010,96,27,2,9,2>Small town Denny's type diner seeks hungry people looking for a cheap meal out. $5.95 basics breakfast kinda place. Cheap $7 lunch, stick to basics and you'll get what you're looking for. Convenient location and parking a plus.
<review# 2166,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2010,10/9/2010,61,320,3,2,3>After a disappointing meal one night, we were craving some satisfaction and were loathe to spend another dollar where we dined, only to experience further disappointment.  So we whipped out our phones and followed Yelp's helpful suggestions for dessert on a Saturday night.  Our first stop was in San Anselmo, but everything was closed.  So back home to San Rafael we went, cruising down 4th street at an admittedly annoying 20 mph pace scanning the storefronts.  When I saw those two rainbows in the window I knew we'd hit the jackpot.  "Stop!" I commenaded and we screeched into a parking spot.Their mind-boggling number of ice cream flavors nearly distracted me from the dessert case, but the two-layer boston cream pie caught my eye and held it.  A very generous piece, two forks and two decafs later, we were hunched over the plate in our formica table oblivious to anything but the sweet cream and chocolate taste sensation washing over us.  This place could definitely use some modernization, but its soda-fountain counter with built-in stools is especially charming.  Slightly grungy but definitely satsifying.  And even better, open until midnight!  I may never give $9 dessert in a restaraunt another chance again.
<review# 2167,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2009,10/8/2010,53,182,4,5,5>Dada's Deli is a fantastic lunch-time find, tucked away in Santa Rosa's southwest industrial park at the corner of Bellevue and South Dutton Avenues.  The interior is spacious with ample seating, with outside seating on the patioas well.  The sandwich clerks are among the friendliest ever.  If you've gone there more than once, you'll soon become "honey," or "darling," or "hey baby!"  If this kind of flirtatious familiarity offends you, just don't go.  For those of us who aren't offended -- we like it this way!All sandwiches are made fresh while you wait, and might I add, the wait is never long.  They've got this whole conveyor, assembly-line concept down pat and each person behind the counter knows how to multi-task.All other meals, including the freshly made lasagna, meat loaf and other items are served in GENEROUS-SIZED portions.  So if you're by yourself, plan on taking a to-go box.They have a huge selection of beers, sodas, waters and other drinks, and an equally large selection of chips, fritos, cheetos and the like to accompany your meal.And did I mention the French Fries?  They are among the BEST I've ever had!  In my pre-Weight Watcher days, I could be regularly caught red handed (because of the ketchup) gnoshing on an order of their fries.
<review# 2168,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2010,10/7/2010,81,202,8,9,10>Twelve years ago or so, I spent a blurry Saturday afternoon here (with a party of about 10) celebrating the life of my Mother over a series of drinks and fantastic food.  Everything we ate or drank was great, and the hospitality was fantastic.  Ever since then, I avoided The Buckeye...even though I have lived right by it all of this time.  I am sure my "Therapist" is going to tell me I associate the place with a very sad day.  Well, obviously!  I'm one step ahead of that costly session...Flash forward to Monday.  A random, rainy Monday night where a random friend wanted to visit for a drink and have a good dinner at The Buckeye.  Hmmmm.  That would be Prime Rib night.  With a Vodka Martini.  And some Crab Cakes.  Or maybe a Pork Chop dinner with some Green Mashed Potatoes.  Or maybe ALL of those things?Yes.  ALL of those things were ordered and then some.  I don't know why the mashed potatoes were green, but they tasted great.  And the service was fantastic as I had remembered so long ago.  So you could say I "swallowed my fears" by gulping down a martini and some great food at this special place.A place I now vow to return sooner than 12 years from now!
<review# 2169,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2010,10/6/2010,99,207,2,4,3>Honestly, how could you not walk into Mi Pueblo and think "wow". It really is your food center. Really clean, lots of choices (not just Hispanic food), a bakery, food court, and fresh veggies (organic too!). The prices are not bad either. I always walk out with 5-6 bags of groceries and never break $100. It beats Safeway, that's for sure!!!!
<review# 2170,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2009,10/5/2010,38,48,3,10,4>Anokha is owned/run by the same people who run Lotus in San Rafael, which I've been to once, it was several years ago but I remember enjoying the food and the atmosphere.  They also have a cafe or take out style Indian place in Fairfax, the name of which escapes me right now.  I LOVE their lunch buffet.  It's $9 for all you can eat, and they have a lovely spread including, but not limited to, Chicken Tikka Masala, Tandoori Chicken, Aloo Gobi (delicious spiced cauliflower dish), along with a steady flow of Naan.  I would give the food 5/5 based on their Chicken Tikka Masala alone!  I could eat a whole plate of that stuff and be satisfied.  But of course, I try to mix in some vegetables too :P  They also have a variety of sauces including Raitta - yum!For dessert they have rice pudding and a pastry that looks like a little ball of dough (fried?  perhaps?) in a sweet warm honey syrup.  It tastes like a glazed donut... but better!  Combine the rice pudding and the pastry and you get a delicious, decadent dessert.$9 is really quite a value for what you get at the lunch buffet, considering what other Indian places charge.  You could easily spend that much on one dish, without any naan or dessert.  I love the design of the place too -- warm, bright colors and Indian art on the walls.  It's a small place though and does get quite crowded around lunch hour, so be alert.  I think the perfect time to go is near the end of the lunch buffet, which goes from 11:30 - 2:30, that way you skip the crowd and the line at the buffet.
<review# 2171,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2012,1/1/2013,67,58,5,10,7>I just was released from this hospital today, and the whole time I was there, I kept thinking about how "when I get out, I've GOT to write a review about my incredible experience here!"  Note: I recorded as many names as possible onto my cell phone notepad during my stay, so that I could do this review justice-- so before you even ask:  THAT is how I know all these names!!Seriously.  Who doesn't dread a trip to the ER? Especially when you're new in town and don't know anything about the hospitals here.  Especially when you arrive and find a bunch of construction and signs pointing you to how to even ENTER the ER.... But I was impressed from the moment I got into the "still under renovations" ER waiting room.  I was checked in within 5 minutes.  I was being assessed by an Admitting RN within 10 min.  Then I was taken to the ER area to wait for the doc on duty, Efficiency at its best.The first thing I noticed in the ER 'waiting bay' was that there are beautiful nature sky scene tiles in the ceiling, that make you feel like you are lying in the grass outside on a beautiful day looking up at the sky!!  GENIUS!!  Such a simple thing, but omg what a difference in mood this makes.  The ER doc, Dr. Ridgley Muller, arrived.  I loved him from the moment he introduced himself.  Bedside manners are a LOST ART, but this man made me feel like family immediately, and let me know how much he cared. He had a quiet, calm, capable air of expertise about him, and i knew he was on my side.  THAT is a good feeling, people.Next, I was moved down to their new "ER Annex" ward on the lower level, which is a quiet little area where ER patients await further testing and doctor consults.  The nursing staff down there were also incredible.  EVERY SINGLE PERSON was KIND and CARING.  Tom the RN from TX kept us well entertained with stories, and the IV nurses were very gentle and considerate and timely with the meds.  My trip up to get the CT scan also went flawlessly under MIchael's care (and yes, more nature scene tiles in the ceiling there!), after groovy 60's throwback Theron had wheeled me up there on my gurney.  Theron even gave me a lil speed run down the hall when I asked if he'd ever raced the gurney's before.  ;) How cool is that??  I hear this guy even roasts his own coffee and brings it in fresh for his colleagues every week.My next doc was oral surgeon Dr. Tony Chu.  Again:  Master of Bedside Manners.  Really, a more accurate way to describe these docs is that they are simply genuine and interested and treat you like the human being that you ARE.  Dr. Chu incidentally has RAVE reviews elsewhere on the net, and I'm so lucky he happened to be the one on duty and who I am going to be operated on by tomorrow.  Check him out if you need oral surgery!Anyway, they admitted me so that I could be closely monitored on some IV meds that I needed for a kinda aggressive infection that they wanted to be sure didn't get any worse than now, before I can do the oral surgery.  I was on the first floor and had a gorgeous, renovated double room all to myself.  SIGH  I had read one of the reviews here that the rooms are dirty,  Well, this renovation project apparently has fixed that, and then some.  This was a beautiful room.  Nice artwork and comfy beds, tile floors and the bathrooms were VERY clean with nice tile work in there, as well.  Everything was clean and fresh and nice.  The nurses that were on my team during my 24 hr stay there were all fabulous.  Shohreh, Myra, Sheri, Lynn (I called her Meredith, though, cuz she looks like Meredith Baxter Burney!), Trine from Denmark...  These people were like family to me, over the course of just one overnight stay.  They update a dry erase board by your bed with important info about your care (so everyone is on the same page about what's been done and what hasn't been done), and one of the things to fill in was what would make me, the patient, feel I had excellent service.  I told them to just write: "Already receiving it."  It's true~it couldn't have been better than it was..If a dreaded hospital admission could ever be something akin to a resort stay, then this is going to be it, folks!  You will feel pampered by the team of wonderful people who are there smiling and always expressing their sincere desire to give you the very best treatment possible.If you have the luxury of choosing which hospital to go to, I cannot imagine any other one being able to compare to Santa Rosa Memorial.  I know that I will consider this "my" hospital for as long as I live here.For anyone that helped me and whose name I didn't record here, please know I appreciated you, too!  Not one single person was anything but wonderful.  THANK YOU, SR GENERAL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
<review# 2172,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2012,12/31/2012,765,333,3,12,7>These guys came highly recommended - wish I would have listened sooner.I'm on my second move this year, because I moved and now I'm moving out for a remodel.  Yup, that means I have a third move in the near future; but I'm not scared because I have learned from my mistakes - you can too!WHAT I DID WRONG(1) I got my girlfriends to come over and pack me, then had my brother and guyfriends do the heavy lifting.  Since no one had the same schedule, I basically have been working on these moves for a few hours at a time every day - not cool.  Very inefficient.(2) I rented a Uhaul - the $19.99 exponentially increased within seconds and I only moved 14 miles.  (3) Second move, I used a corporate moving co that doesn't unpack - unpacking is the worst part for anyone working or studying 40-80 hours a week.  Could you imagine 3-7 men coming into your home and packing everything up just to drop everything off on the nearest cleanest surface?  NIGHTMARE!WHAT I DID RIGHT(1) I finally sat down(2) I picked up the phone (3) and called Birch Circle Moving for some professional help I called in the morning and was unpacked within a few hours.  Very professional.  The prices are reasonable and the guys are trustworthy.   Giovanni was a dream come true! Moving can be the most humbling experience - I will not move myself again.  As long as the price stays right, I will use and recommend this company exclusively!
<review# 2173,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2012,12/29/2012,248,493,6,7,4>When you get a craving for something delicious, something wickedly indulgent, something cold, creamy and rich- this will fill your every desire. Truly. The cheesecake here is gorgeous. Not only in looks, but in taste, texture and satisfaction. It is a wonder of a delicios dessert. It feels light, never dry or crumbly and definitely divine.My one and ONLY issue; why no pre-bake of the graham flour crust?? This would only enhance and elevate the perfection of this dessert, adding caramelized buttersctoch crunchy tones that, in the words of Robert Palmer, would make this endulgence- Simply Irresistable.
<review# 2174,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2012,12/28/2012,75,132,3,6,6>Raging waterfalls after (actually during) the rain are quite a joy. Cataract Falls is no exception. Earlier today, I had the pleasure of walking up the steep, wet and slippery Cataract Canyon seeing the beautiful waterfalls...while it was raining. This hike with my friends was planned for a long time. When we saw the weather report, we were unsure about going but we decided we could go. I have not had good experiences hiking in the rain previously though. Those include but are not limited to sitting for an hour in a state park bathroom and still feeling wet, walking in the pouring rain for five hours as the rain soaks through my clothing and eating breakfast in the rain next to a field of cows. However, I decided I was game for this hike but I would be ready for it. In my previous  hiking in the rain experiences, I had not brought along enough protective layers. This time, I was ready! I brought along two layers of rain pants including an extra protective layer and four top layers. They included a patagonia waterproof shirt, a patagonia polartec, a northface polartec and a northface rainjacket. I was not letting myself get drenched again! I checked the weather report frequently before the hike and I saw there was a chance the rain would take a break during our hike. We drove up to the Cataract trail and still no break in the rain (although it was a tad lighter.) I hoped to take lots of photos of the falls in this hike but I feared the rain would prevent me from doing so. Anyway, we started off on the trail which was flat at first. Then I saw the waterfalls though, there was so much water! After we saw the first waterfall, there were first stairs up we went. There were a few rest stops which was nice and they let us view the waterfall.Then, along came a bridge crossing on a narrow log which was even better for viewing! We all rested for a bit and looked at the intersection with the Helen Markt trail which we would return on in our loop hike. Our plan was to hike up to the high marsh trail, take that, go on the Kent trail, connect to the Helen Markt trail and return to Cataract trail. As we went up though, we wanted to finish the climb so we passed High Marsh trail and went to Laurel Dell camp. By that time, the rain had stopped although it was misty! However, all the layers I had worn were mostly off except for my patagonia shirt. I am wary of hypothermia but that wasn't why I was shedding layers, it was actually a bit warm out. We continued our loop through the high marsh, Kent and Helen markt trails. I got a bit wet from the water dripping from the trees but it was much easier than dealing with rain. By the time we hit the car though, the rain had started up again. We were lucky though we missed the brunt of the storm. Overall, I first thought that doing this hike on a rainy day was a mistake but I think it was a perfect idea. We hit it right on the mark between the two big rainstorms which meant the waterfall would be in full swing and resemble Yosemite in a way. Who knew there could be so much water in a Marin waterfall? Go check it out!
<review# 2175,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2012,12/27/2012,119,66,3,4,2>Delicious food. Their menu is very clear and specifically marks their vegan options, which is super helpful and awesome!Their parathas are incredibly good. I usually also get Chana masala or aloo gobi. Both are delicious.My boyfriend "didn't like Indian food" until I took him here. It's really that good.They ask if you want your food mild, medium, or spicy, so you don't have to worry about which dishes will suit your needs there. This is where my family ate dinner on the 4th of July. A very patriotic celebration!
<review# 2176,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2012,12/26/2012,1,9,,1,1>Had my whole passenger side floor pan replaced by harmony on my 1974 standard beetle. They've been a great resource to me when I own a car that most shops don't have the experienced staff. As somebody who normally does all the work on their own cars, when I have a job too big I go to Ron & Joel.
<review# 2177,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2012,12/25/2012,1,19,,1,1>Not a sushi snob, but when we ate here in 2010, it was fantastic. Very fresh-tasting, great flavor, all the favorite dishes.Sadly, can't do it anymore (diagnosed Celiac disease, no gluten now!)... but boy, do I miss it! The ebi sushi and tempura were delicious.  ;_;
<review# 2178,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2012,12/24/2012,68,196,1,2,2>The bad thing about this place is that it is very, very small. With that said, let's get to the good stuff.Everything is AMAZING. I'm usually a vegetarian, but sometimes I will have a few bites of seafood at a nice restaurant, and I'm so glad I did at Sazon. The Causa Limena (cold potato, crab, egg, avocado - sounds hella weird, but just trust me), prawn chowder, and yuca fries are absolutely to die for. The sangria is also quite good. Also, our server was absolutely precious. When my dad arrived nearly 30 minutes late, he lead the whole restaurant in a round of applause.
<review# 2179,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2012,12/23/2012,52,79,,3,1>I've gone to this place twice before last night. I go just becuase they are open late and it's convenient.  I've been to every other place in San Rafael and everyone is the same. So....Last night I went in and got this girl named Annie.  I told her I want my feet scrubbed hard - this is what makes or breaks a pedicure for me.  I work out almost every day and my feet are a mess. Well, this chick scrubbed them raw for about 20 minutes. I swear my feet looked like someone elses feet when it was over.  It was the best pedicure of my life. I have heard some of the ladies there get pushy with people - I can deal with that stuff so it doesn't bother me but it may bother others.  Clearly the key here is to ask for the person I want and say no to what I don't want.  I don't have special fancy designs ever put on my nails - if you do, don't go here.  I've witnessed some craziness between customers and nail techs.  If you are just a one-color kind of girl, this place is cool.
<review# 2180,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2012,12/22/2012,5,72,,2,1>What a great market! They have a huge selection of foods and beverages as well as an extensive prepared foods section and deli, along with a bakery and a very good sushi bar. There are tables and chairs for in-store dining and I often enjoy having my lunch there. Unlike Whole Foods, you don't find a lot of uppity yuppies trying to be seen. It's down to earth yet their selection and quality is stellar.
<review# 2181,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/7/2008,10/15/2008,147,287,22,18,19>I apparently needed to contain myself.Okay, all I really needed were a couple of squeezy bottles with caps, and some travel stuff. Which, I gotta say, they had in spades. I mean, we're talking an aisle of various sized plastic bottles with every imaginable cap. It was...surreal. The place isn't exactly cheap, but hey - it meant I didn't have to drag my backside to other stores in search of squeezy bottle Holy Grail.Star lost for the chick at the checkout counter who inquired about my t-shirt - it had the Jesus fish emblem on it, but instead of Jesus it said "tacos". Fish tacos, geddit? (She didn't. Apparently, I'm going to burn in hell.)
<review# 2182,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2008,10/14/2008,302,835,6,6,7>Fantastic rates, fantastic varieties, diverse dance styles. Group and Private Classes. Special packages for the wedding-focused and the new-to-dance-world folks. Real dance classes for little guys too -- be prepared to see advanced junior dancers in some of your grown-up group classes.Workshops, Friday practice parties. Special events. Guest surprise instructors. Coaching by seasoned champions and judges for those of you extra talented Yelpers.Give yourself extra time for best parking. Voted Best of Marin the last couple of years. Fredi Valera is really great!Eddie H. -- There are a lack of Yelp reviews in the area because the college kid users out in Marin County evidently cannot afford or have no interest in dance lessons.
<review# 2183,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2008,10/13/2008,15,6,7,6,5>I have lived in San Rafael for almost 3 years and just recently discovered there was a Pho place 2 exits away.  Before I knew about Saigon Village I was always having to drive to the east/south bay to get my Pho fix, which is like every other day! haha   I actually learned about it from a Pho directory for California; yes one does exist! :pThe first couple times my friend and I went in there, the main waitress wasn't too friendly towards us, but after several visits her attitude completely changed.  I walk in there now and don't even have to order because she remembers exactly what I want: #12, fried egg roles and a coke.  *yummm*  The food itself is pretty good so I have no complaints.  Not to mention it sure beats driving 45 minutes to get Pho!   I'm hungry now!!!  I'm thinking we should take a Yelp Pho trip...who's with me? :p
<review# 2184,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2008,10/12/2008,51,109,7,10,10>Il Davide in San Rafael has my favorite Italian food in Marin. The setting is very nice for a dinner for two, or a nice dinner with a group. Some nights they have live music which I tend to favor, but any night of the week you will find a nice setting, and turn out. I am extremely partial to the Ravioli Di Formaggio ala Bolognese. When I say partial, I mean out of the 40+ times that I have dined here, 39+ have been this dish. It has a perfect consistency, and just the right portion. Be sure to load up on the fresh Parmesan, as this can be savored in the sauce for some nice bread dipping when the pasta is gone. The wine list is one of the best in the country, and they have the certificate to prove it. Let Bill the Mater Dei select it for you. The service is exceptional from Hostess- Waiter- Bus-Boy, Chef- to the dishwashers. Always consistent, always pleasant.The house salad is my favorite salad served anywhere with it's feta, dried cranberries, walnuts, greens, and a sweet balsamic dressing.I am not a big Calamari guy, as it fills me up so fast, I can never finish my entree, but this is exceptional. They cook it just right, and not too oily. The plate is rather large, and stacked, so I recommend it for certainly no less than two, and it can be enough for four, no problemo.The drinks are very good. My favorite drinks have been there Lemon Drops, Mojitos, and Long Islands.There desserts are orgas-tastic! Creme Brulee, Tiramisu, Home-Made Pie's ala mode. This place hands down has got it. Every time I have been here with someone, they become a frequent diner. That's where I am going tonight, and I hope to see you there with the Ravioli, and fork in hand!Reservations are convenient on thursday, friday, and saturdays,  BUT IF YOU DON'T HAVE A RESERVATION, THEY HAVE AN EXCELLENT BAR TO HANG OUT WITH A NICE COCKTAIL AND PEOPLE WATCH.LAST TIME I ATE HERE, I WAS SITTING RIGHT ACROSS FROM GEORGE LUCAS. He was using the force to put down his meal in good fashion.
<review# 2185,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2008,10/11/2008,289,905,11,19,11>Went camping for a few nights here at Samuel P. Taylor.  Gorgeous trees, clean restrooms, hot showers.  Highlights of MY trip:-great company-incredible mealsnot so great list:-RACCOONS-RACCOONS-RACCOONSI would highly recommend sites no. 35, 38.  We had 35 and 36.  If you are interested in 2 sites, I recommend 35 and 36 or 36 and 38.  Close to the restrooms... at the end of the park.  Lock your food up in cars.  Don't bother with the food locker.  AND if you leave your ice chests out, seriously, figure out a way to lock them up together.  The park rangers are very strict with enforcing the quiet time hours.   Worked out well for me, I actually got on a decent sleeping schedule for a few days.  On cell phone range, in our group of twenty, those of us that have AT & T had perfect reception.  The others?  Were using my phone..... hehe.The park offers wifi.  I never tried it out.  you have to be within 200 feet  of the rangers' station.If camping didn't involve so much dirt, I'd do it more often.  I highly recommend this camp site.
<review# 2186,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2008,10/10/2008,215,199,7,16,14>Admittedly, I'm a bit of a hippie cyclist.I ride my bike nearly everywhere, don't like shaving all that much, wear sandals from time-to-time, against the war, etc etc etc...Recently, a friend and I decided to embark on a long distance tour of California's North Bay. You can actually see the route we took there & back by following the link at the end of the review. It was actually a moderately tough ride, a decent amount of sustained climbing, the most being at the end of the 45 miles before we made our final descent to the Point Reyes Hostel.We arrived at dusk, and were greeted by Sebastian, the resident supervisor & Scrabble genius--she knew all the rules & proclaims that she plays it on line constantly. She got us checked-in with our new elderly friends Jerry & Viola (who were a little scared of us), and showed us the ropes around the place.They have various choices of how you would like to hostel here--separated men & women's dorms, co-op dorms & private room. I'm guessing the private room is more expensive, but the others cost a mere $20 per night. Yea, $20! And $2 more if you didn't bring sheets/pillow case/towel.This hostel does not allow the consumption of alcohol, so be discreet if you are going to do it. Also, if you have a problem with bathroom privacy, spending more and doing the private room would probably be better.There's a great common area for travelers to hang out with each other and chat, and plenty of places to hike and enjoy this wildlife-filled, untouched portion of California (i added a few photos).Whether you're looking to get away for an inexpensive weekend and head North from San Francisco, or wanting an intermediate long distance bike tour--this is a great spot along the way.Bike Route (Thanks TUJM!):gmap-pedometer.com/?r=15
<review# 2187,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2007,10/9/2008,218,378,4,14,11>JSYK: they are now serving cotton candy and cake batter ice cream!this place has been around since 1964(?). a local gathering/must stop spot for all the inhabitants of san rafael after games, movie (close to northgate mall, where there is a century theater inside), dinner or just to chillax with good company.they have an array of  splendid flavors which are homespun and not only that ,they also sell ice cream cakes that are quite irregularly decorated by an amateur and the size of it are pretty small.by the way, sundaes are also offered. a small (3oz.) cup of chocolate mousse was purchased and it was certainly agreeable and desirable. nice texture.this is quite a charm  in the terra linda area.
<review# 2188,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2008,10/8/2008,58,38,9,12,12>Ah, the glory of the hole in the wall (yes, I said it - glory hole!! I'll cop to it before you dirty mind-in-the-gutter bastards can point it out!) Falafel Hut is a glory hole, I mean, a glorious hole in the wall, if there ever was one. Since moving to the 'burbs from my natal city across the Golden Gate, it's been a might bit hard to adjust to the radically different culinary scene. I mean my new town of Novato DOESN'T EVEN HAVE A VIETNAMESE OR INDIAN RESTAURANT IN IT!! I'm serious (by the way, if you know of anyone who would like to open a Vietnamese or Indian restaurant in Novato, please, please, I'm begging you, come help us out!). And the Mediterranean option (one place who shall not be named) leaves much to be desired. But I can afford to own a house here (with a big-ass backyard, which would have never happened in the city), someday send my kid to a good public school via property taxes, and the husband's family lives here, so I can't complain too much.....so I'll just bitch and moan on Yelp......So, back to The Hut - since leaving the city I'd pretty much given up on the wonderful cheap hole in the wall concept that I'd taken for granted while living right off of Clement Street. But luckily, it's alive and well at the Falafel Hut in San Rafael. It smells a little funky when you first walk in, but you soon become adjusted, and the food is lovely. The beef and lamb Shawarma in crispy lavash is heavenly, the warm pita is delightfully fluffy (it's the wonder bread of pita and you gotta ask for it special and pay a bit more or you get the regular stuff - and they will also supply you with a dish of olive oil and a dish of a dry herb and sesame seed mixture - I forget the name of it - for dipping upon request), the Falafel is crisp on the outside, yet pleasingly moist in the middle, and the combo plate delights with the greatest hits of the Med. If you check the whiteboard you will notice the following offering: "Because you special - you can now make you own combo plate" followed by a list of items that you can mix and match. I chose the 6 item combo for $8.50 and got the baba, hummus, cucumber salad, falafel, cabbage rolls, and, as the highlight and standout player, the eggplant salad (warm pita included!). It was all really good, and I did feel special.The atmosphere is basic (a few tables in front of a walk up deli counter) but that's de rigueur at a good hole in the wall. And you gotta love the name - a restaurant with HUT in the title is usually either hella good or hella scary, and luckily this one's hella good. If Falafel Hut was in the city it probably wouldn't be as exciting, but this is Marin, and a good, cheap ethnic joint is hard to find.....and a good glory hole, well, now, that's even harder.
<review# 2189,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2008,10/7/2008,173,55,3,4,3>There's one phrase to describe Angelino's: molto benne! The food is extraordinary. I recommend starting with their caesar salad and having their amazing chicken parmagiana (I can taste it already).The setting is breathtaking as well. Angelino's is located near the water in downtown Sausalito and on a clear day you can see the Embarcadero.My biggest bug-a-boo about the place nonetheless is the service. When I go with my co-workers, I'm treated like royalty. Any other time, and the wait is unbearable...but worth it.I recommend Angelino's for those looking to escape the city for an evening and in search of a moderately priced, romantic spot.
<review# 2190,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2008,10/6/2008,89,178,3,5,4>Wow.  These cupcakes are AMAZING!  We had them at an office event recently.  I tried both the Peanut Butter and the Oreo, both were scrumptious.  The first thing I noticed is that these cupcakes kind of resemble Safeway cupcakes due to the fact that they are heavily loaded with frosting...thankfully though they taste nothing like the super sugary sad excuses for cupcakes that Safeway offers.  The Peanut Butter cupcake was by far the BEST!  Normally I'm not really a cake fan, but the chocolate cupcake was moist and the huge mound of peanut butter frosting was rich and delicious and topped with a mini Reeses peanut butter cup!The Oreo cup cake was good too, but not quite so amazing as the peanut butter.  The best part of oreo cupcake was that an entire oreo was baked into the bottom like a little surprise!  I'm still dreaming about the deliciousness that was the Peanut Butter cupcake from Frosting....
<review# 2191,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2012,5/26/2012,184,265,2,6,2>Yes, it's expensive - but where else are you going to find products and food that are not only guaranteed organic and eco-friendly, but encompass a dietary range? From typically hippie-vegan products all the way to individually sold goose eggs and chicken livers, it's all here.I don't know if I come here because I love it, or because it's the biggest and best grocer in my town, OR the fact that seven of my friends are employed here, thus it's always a good time strolling in here.Oh, and they carry Three Twins ice cream. They always have Dad's Cardamom, which is to die for, but if you're lucky then you might find the Earl Grey flavor (when available).
<review# 2192,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2012,5/25/2012,87,152,4,6,4>Now, these are some good Thai preparations!  I usually try the Pad Thai just to be able to judge the quality of a basic Thai dish.  Indeed, they do not skimp on the prawns as other reviews state.  We indulged on the Papaya salad, Yellow Curry Chicken, the Thai Basil Pork, Sauteed eggplant, Satay, and heaps of veggies from the Farmer's Market, no doubt.  Yes, it is off the beaten path in a business district.  I imagine the lunch time crowd is too happy to have quality Thai food next door.  I've paid a visit both at lunch and at dinner.  Each time the joint was b-b-b-busy!  Worth the trip.
<review# 2193,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2012,5/24/2012,81,202,2,5,5>I hate it when time runs low and there is only about 15 minutes for a drink.  Especially when it is in a cozy, slick-looking spot like this in the great little town of St. Helena.  So, four stars for the Martini that I (sort of) had to speed-sip and didn't even get to check out what looks like a place worthy of trying out a nice dinner.  The bar reminds me of a smaller version of the now shuttered Noonan's in Larkspur - lots of fancy tequilas stacked so high & across that a built-in ladder is in place to get to the top shelves.  People looking for something different that might want to try a place for a (smaller sized?) rehearsal dinner should check this place out.  It actually wasn't busy at all for 6pm on a weekend night - but then again it is "off season" for the area.  I really hope this place does well & want to try out the food in the future!
<review# 2194,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2010,5/23/2012,1,37,1,3,1>My German Shorthair Pointers live to go to Alston each day! There is a nice large fenced "commons" area for dogs and people to socialize. There is a second fenced area for "small dogs" and training. It is frequently used by a greyhound rescue group on weekends. There are places to sit and watch and there is also a hose and doggie wading pools if your dog wants to splash.What really sets Alston apart is the large 30 acre "off leash" area only a hundred yards up a small grade. This is dog heaven! Largely open meadow with a few trees, it is surrounded on three sides with vineyards. The upper area has great views up and down the valley. Dogs can run, dig for gophers and get back to dog basics! There are wide trails that surround and criss-cross the park. Several shaded tables and benches invite you to have a "dog picnic". The northern end of the park is open to dogs but they must be on leash. There is a separate parking lot farther north on Dry Creek Road. If you come here just to hike or cycle use this one. Establishing park rules for on and off leash areas was controversial so please respect the compromise that has been codified. Police and animal control will write expensive tickets for violations. That said, the north end is larger and has even better walking trails and scenery. On clear mornings, especially Fridays and weekends, hot air balloons regularly land here. Get your coffee and arrive 7:30-8:00 AM and enjoy the show.There are some caveats you should be aware of. The trails are dirt and can be quite muddy in the rainy season. This can also be a plus because it creates seasonal streams and pools to delight the water dogs! In late spring you need to take precautions with the foxtails. These insidious seeds can burrow into dogs paws and skin requiring expensive vet bills. Please check your best friend's paws, ears, nose, etc. before you leave. Sightings of coyotes are frequent in the upper meadow, so keep track of your small dogs. They are hamless to humans. There have been some parking lot break-ins in recent years. Do not leave valuables exposed.Pros-Large fenced commons-30 acre off leash area-Stations with "poop bags"and trash cans-Great scenery-free parking and easy access (park accross the street if the main lot is full)Cons-Crowded on weekends, especially mid mornings-leash and waste pick-up laws strictly enforced-Muddy in winter/foxtails in late Spring-Occasional and preventable car break-insUPDATE- The parking lot has been doubled in size and I have not heard of recent car break-ins. Thank you Napa police for stopping by regularly.
<review# 2195,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2012,5/22/2012,21,6,2,5,3>We tried this place out a couple weeks ago and we've already been back twice.  JuJu's is testing our new year resolution to only eat out once a week, BIG TIME!  The second you walk in the aromas from the kitchen smack you in the face (in a good way)!  It smells wonderful.  The menu isn't too extensive, which is nice sometimes.  The lady behind the counter takes your order, cooks your food, and rings you up, so I'm assuming it's a mom-and-pop type of place.  She couldn't be nicer.  I love giving my hard-earned money to places like this, where they treat the customer right and I know my business is appreciated.  But enough about that, lets get to the food!!  Kefta Kabob: So good.  The flavor is crazy good.  Juicy lamb/beef combo with perfect spicing.  Mediterranean Salad: Our favorite so far!  Such a unique salad.  Pomegranate dressing is great.  I recommend adding the chicken.  The marinade on the grilled chicken is amazing.  Side of fries: Garlicky, fried potato goodness.  Reminds me of Gordon-Biersch garlic fries.  Roasted Veggie Wrap: Good veg, yummy, hummus wrapped in a light bread.  The sauce is pretty good.  I doused it with sriracha and inhaled this thing.  Chicken kabob: Same chicken they put on the salad.  Soooooo good.  I have to figure out what seasonings they are using!!  Three tries so far and we are hooked on JuJu's.  When you find a fairly healthy menu with this much flavor you know you'll be going back for more again and again!
<review# 2196,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2011,5/21/2012,1,4,,5,3>People simply need to discover this place...7 days a week! As one who pays absurdly close attention to details, I can only say that this place does precisely the same thing. The atmosphere is divine, the venues, seating and lighting are very comfortable; the wine, beer and other list is beyond "smart"...and the staff and service is impeccable!1313 is quickly becoming one of my regular Napa Valley haunts, whether it be with my someone special, a group to have fun with, or like I did last night...just hide in a corner and enjoy a drink while playing on my iPhone. Bravo 1313!
<review# 2197,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2011,5/20/2012,0,22,1,20,6>I have been through stylist H-E(double hockey sticks) this past year as I relocated to Napa from Scottsdale, AZ where there are amazing salons on every corner.With that said......... Geri is a GENIUS!!! I FINALLY found my miracle worker.  Geri spent a good 10 minutes with me just discussing my hair history and speaking with me about her ideas.  I felt SO comfortable with her and immediately knew I was in good hands.I have VERY high and picky standards when it comes to my hair.  I want lots of color variations and dimension along with a modern and classy cut and at the same time I want it to look natural.  Geri did the BEST job!!!! I LOVE IT!!The salon is fun and casual, nothing fancy but inviting and unpretentious.  You aren't given price quotes until you see your stylist but the prices seem fair, heck I would pay whatever I needed to have Geri do my hair.One last thing.... their receptionist ( I can't remember her name ) was AWESOME.  She really listened to my concerns and helped match me with Geri and I really appreciate the attention and concern I was given by everyone at Studio B.YAY!!!
<review# 2198,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2010,5/19/2012,64,113,,1,1>I adore Mark's Truck!! We affectionately refer to it as the "duck truck" - I work off Kaiser Rd and Mark has be our saivoir. I highly reccomend the Duck & Slaw and the Chili. If you havent been track him down!
<review# 2199,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2012,5/18/2012,0,5,,2,2>Kim is the most hardworking and talented seamstress I've ever met.I'm currently getting my bridesmaid dress made here, I sprung on her that i'll be leaving the country and she without a second thought was able to speed up the order and have my dress completed, start to finish, in under a month!If you have ever had a passing thought to have a custom dress made go here!The prices are incredibly reasonable and she does such a good job, I can't praise her enough.
<review# 2200,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2011,5/17/2012,259,650,8,11,9>Rather than be greeted with "Merry Christmas" or even "Hi" this was how I was acknowledged at a recent holiday party:  "HAVE YOU TRIED THE MEATBALLS???"  followed by all sorts of slathering meatball praise.  And it  didn't just come from one person.  Everywhere I turned, "HAVE YOU TRIED THE MEATBALLS??"  As far as meatballs go, my loyalties lie with Snooki and Deena but Fork Full of Earth is right up there alongside.  And, though I did like their meatballs, I honestly couldn't pick out any reason to rave about them above all of the other delights that kept coming at me.  This catering company prepares and presents beautiful food beautifully.  Sort of like what I'd expect if Zuni Cafe and Chez Panisse went into the catering business together.  If I were in charge of an event I'd call here immediately rather than wasting my time bothering with competitors.  There's those meatballs (lamb and pinenut with tzatziki dipping sauce and house cured olives), yes, but also a ton of other goodness such as:  * Slow Baked Wild Salmon, crusted in winter herbs with lemon aioli atop flatbread crackers*Bruschetta of "Pressed pear with brie and pistachio" and  "Wild mushroom, chevre, and thyme". * Artisan cheese board served with local breads and house made embellishments* Prosciutto wrapped Bay prawns with candied tomato cocktail sauce* Roasted root vegetable skewers, with dry cured olives & pomegranate glaze* Pastry tartlets filled with dried figs and Pt. Reyes Blue cheese, tarragon* Wild arugula salad with persimmon, toasted almonds and cherry balsamic vinaigrette* Mulled cherry apple ciderIf you have something that needs catering focus on other tasks that need doing.  You're catering needs have been answered.
<review# 2201,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2006,10/27/2007,25,90,5,4,5>Fresh veggies and meats and VERY fresh servers...our "fondue chef" offered himself dipped in chocolate for dessert. No kidding. But really, I agree with Lainie L...as us ladies sat dipping fresh fruit in our "Yin and Yang" white/dark chocolate fondue, we all got a little hot.There are two things, however,  that make the getting laid portion of the fondue experience a little tricky. #1 - You are so insanely full that the thought of getting off your ass is difficult, let alone knocking the boots.#2 - Everyone smells like cooked meat. While I am sure the scent may be appealing to some men (we even considered testing a theory that a woman smelling of cooked meat will get hit on with greater frequency than one smelling of roses), it really doesn't make a woman feel very sexy.Anyway, back to the food...We opted to avoid the gut-busting Big Night and ordered the "Pacific Rim" Entree for two which included teriyaki filet mignon, duck breast, peppered pork tenderloin, and chicken breast, and the veggie plate with tofu, eggplant, asparagus, portabello mushrooms, potatoes, squash, and more.Everything was great, and I think that the "hot" feeling I mentioned earlier had more to do with the steaming broth than the libido. Dress in layers...really, we weren't stripping to get attention from the fondue chef. Also, the steaming pot makes for some pretty awesome photos."Small" dessert option was plenty for four full women...we even left a few graham crackers and marshmallows.Great atmosphere, and while it looked like booths were for parties of four - we asked and found that there were tables for eight as well.A great place for special occasions, we toasted to a friends birthday and had great laughs.
<review# 2202,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2007,10/26/2007,370,1043,13,4,4>Really great place to go for dinner and break up with someone:-There are plenty of booths in the bar..which gives you just enough privacy but loud enough to absorb the drama...-The food is just yummy enough to satisfy your hunger and cravings but not great enough for you to miss it. -The waiter so attentive that awkward conversations are interrupted just at the right times.Seriously...when you are ready to break up w/someone...whether it's a fauxlationship, a friend, or even family...head to Outback.
<review# 2203,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2007,10/25/2007,90,64,17,7,9>The most PERFECT nachos ever. (That is if you are a plebeian like me and prefer your cheese in liquid form.) The fresh-Mex craze of the early 90s really fucked up the availability of fake cheese nachos. When I find an establishment that serves them, I make an effort to give them my money and love.For $4 dollars you get a HUGE portion of nachos with tons of beans, guacamole, sour cream, and jalapenos. When my future husband proposes to me, I want him to stick my ring in a styrofoam container of San Jose nachos. I will then lick the liquid cheese off the ring and cry tears of joy.
<review# 2204,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2013,4/14/2013,177,143,5,5,5>Spinster Sisters is possibly my new favorite brunch spot!  That says a lot because there is quite a bit of brunch competition in Santa Rosa.  However, don't let me fool you.  Spinster Sisters is not just a brunch joint.  Spinster Sisters is open all day--for breakfast, lunch and dinner!  I've been for all three, and I am still impressed.  The environment is hip, decorated with candles and succulents, and seems to be straight out of Portland.  When I first walked in, I couldn't believe such a cute place could have been open for over a month without my visiting.  There is a bar that wraps around the center of the restaurant; that's the place to sit (unless you're on a date).  The friendly servers are knowledgeable about their menu and take your order from the bar.  The menu is limited, but they offer a variety that should please all tastes.  Sometimes there is only one or two vegetarian options.  Wine on tap!  wine....on.....tap!  :)
<review# 2205,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2013,4/13/2013,2595,287,7,13,10>Sonoma County Restaurant week meal #4I've never been to the Duck Club, but I know someone who works there, and from her pictures and her accounts on fb, I was always intrigued. I never made it out to Bodega because in my mind somehow I imagined the drive to be more like finding OZ, but really Bodega is just in our back yard!The location is absolutely serene, on the top of the hill looking out over an aviary and onto the flat beach lands and coastal landscape. The time we were dining was just as the sun was beginning to set, and I dare you to find a more beautiful location to appreciate it from! The dining room was cozy, and filled with small tables of diners talking in hushed tones, which added to an extremely relaxing atmosphere. The host seated us and told us the specials, and we dove into the menu.The RW menu encompassed a lovely organic greens salad or crab cakes, then salmon or pork chop, and chocolate cake or bread pudding. I made this trek with my parents, so we decided to order everything to make sure we experienced the lot. We started with the All Black wine, which is from 100 year old vines, and made from black grapes, and was the first of many pleasant surprised of the evening. The wine was subtle, heavy, and densely fruited, with a silky aftertaste. We paired this with the cheese offering, with a soft sheep's cheese, and estero gold (my fav). Salad was crisp and flavorful with many toppings such as yam chips and fruit. Crab cakes were absolutely the best I've ever had. I loved the feathery texture, none of that heavy dense cakes that indicate an inexperienced chef...no, these were light, delicious, and buttery. The pan seared salmon was perfectly crusted, topped with a perfect apple fennel slaw, and the pork chop was juicy, and cooked just right. The biggest surprise of the evening (besides the prices), was the dessert. When someone tells me that they're offering cake, what comes to mind is a bland, boring, crumbly, dry, and insignificant piece of box mix, that tastes like the inside of a refrigerator. The chocolate cake at the Duck Club, however, is everything but that. The cake is moist, bursting with flavor, impossibly dense, and frosted with a light layer of barely sweetened cream cheese. This is what cake should be, and that's what I wish I had ordered myself, instead of the bread pudding (which was also pretty good actually).The final surprise was the prices. For a place such as this, I was preparing myself to pay for the experience more than the food. Now don't take me wrong, the food is worth every penny, but the experience is worth much more. The prices are super competitive, and evoked a desire in me to return many more times....in fact I've decided to return soon, and just have wine, cheese, and cake, and drink in the ambiance, because that my friends, is where it's at.
<review# 2206,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2012,4/12/2013,11,3,,2,1>What a fantastic experience!! From the Tom Ka soup to the Satay and Peanut Sauce to the BBQ chicken with Thai Fried rice it was amazing!! The service topped it off! Our waitress was so kind, so gracious that she even surprised us with a "on the house dessert"! Fried Battered Bannana with Coconut Ice Cream, YUM!!!!they have customers for life now!!!
<review# 2207,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2011,4/11/2013,5,24,,2,2>Great food when craving a quick and inexpensive meal! The owner is really nice and if he knows your name he'll never forget it! I love there horchata mixed with the jaimaica drink! Yummy! I can also get a vegetarian basic tostada and ask for a lot of onions and cheese!
<review# 2208,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2013,4/10/2013,118,14,,6,4>I've read some of the negative reviews and wanted to chime in. I think the only thing that Goji suffers from is the occasional odd-server (I've had great service and semi-bad service) Otherwise the food is awesome, the menu is a bit ambitious because it spans a few different styles. But let me point you in the right direction - Try the lettuce wraps! They don't even appear on the menu sometimes but they're so good I've gotten people to become instant fans based on that alone. Any of their classic chinese style dishes ( i.e. orange chicken, beef and broccoli) is fantastic and done in very high quality. Try the clay pot dishes, it's a lot of food and is served at about 500 degrees (exaggeration) but it's ultra filling and good if a little bit oily. I haven't tried everything here, but open with the lettuce wraps and a small simple entree and you'll be golden, every time. PS the restaurant is very nicely decorated and for the most part the staff is super nice.
<review# 2209,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2013,4/9/2013,29,120,,5,3>Ali is truly in a league of her own and I say this after having the opportunity to try dozens of massage therapists over the years.  If my life and budget allow I get weekly massages and every time I try someone else (using a groupon or when I'm away on vacation)  I always find myself saying "not as good as Ali".Ali has this amazing ability to understand the human body.  She continues her education to go above and beyond in understanding anatomy and how everything is connected.  She can easily find the knots and tension I have and is able to articulate "if you have a knot here, you are probably experiencing pain here, and this is what you can do to fix it".  Very few massage therapists have this sort of understanding.I commute 80 miles a day for work and Ali has been wonderful at alleviating the pain associated with this.Ali is very friendly and has a calm demeanor, which helps her create a relaxing environment...If you are in the market for a massage therapist you have to give Ali a try.
<review# 2210,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2012,4/8/2013,45,56,1,2,2>This is a great little joint, right next to the airport. Not an extensive menu by any means but simple breakfast items until two and good burgers & sandwiches until 3p. My bf had the veggie omelet, fries and homemade blueberry coffeecake and loved every bite. I went for the club sandwich and coleslaw and couldn't stop eating. The bacon was good, the lettuce was fresh, and the tomatoes were juicy. Dan came by after our meal and asked how everything was: "awesome!" We will definitely be back, riding our bikes along the airport trail to get there. Maybe some day, we'll be able to enter from the I-just-flew-my-plane-here-to-eat side. :)
<review# 2211,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2012,4/7/2013,2488,142,1,12,8>The Sunflower Center is a very special place.It is first an extraordinary cafe for the health conscious who LOVE great, wholesome, organic food prepared with the greatest of care. It is also a venue for unusual entertainment and other events of note. But, I think and feel that the Sunflower Center is a gathering place for the Conscious, in general.I can talk about Lydia's Organic Foods, the amazing recipes, the fantastic preparation and the huge airy dining space for starters. Still it would be insufficient, because The Sunflower Center has a very special vibe... and I love the feeling I have when I am there.This may be the shortest Yelp review I've written. Because The Sunflower Center is simply one of the best restaurant/cafe/store gathering places in my world right now.Bravo, Lydia... for your creation!!Review 0037
<review# 2212,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2013,4/6/2013,31,56,,3,2>We arrived at 9pm, half an hour before they closed. There was nobody there but us and usually that is not a good sign but....we were incredibly impressed by this place. The server made us feel like we were welcome, they were warm, professional, and the food came out quickly but not rushed. The entire menu was available although they obviously had to cook everything that moment for us. The food was really excellent and we are going back. We felt like we had our own private chef and waiter serving us in our home. Support your local restaurants, especially this one!
<review# 2213,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2013,4/5/2013,24,10,,1,1>STICKY. BUNS. That is all. Wait, no its not. This place WILL be busy. There are plenty of places to get a morning fix in Healdsburg but it just is what it is, people come here because people like it. . Okay, I've never liked morning buns or sticky buns or anything like that, but seriously, I now HAVE to have one at least once a week They're crispy on the outsize with just the right amount of glaze and pillowy cinnamony goodness on the inside- unraveling it is close to food porn. Do me a favor and go get a damn sticky bun.
<review# 2214,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2013,9/13/2013,2,23,,3,3>The Wurst has become our local favorite for a simple yet killer meat-full meal. It is fast, affordable, delish, and always served with a smile and friendly hello. The sausages are all made on site. You can order them with a selection of two toppings, which is a cool idea. My personal favorite is the Harissa Hottie--a pork sausage with hot peppers in it and spice. I get it with grilled sweet peppers and onions as toppings, over lettuce instead of a bun, which the Wurst has no problem with. The burgers are made from grass fed local beef from a ranch in Windsor/Healdsburg. I love that. They are a generous patty and the meat tastes so pure and fresh. They serve sweet potato fries, and you can always ask for those to be made "garlic style" for extra punch. For your fries and your burger/sausage at no extra cost there are several refrigerated sauces to choose from to take with when you order (the Truffle Garlic is my fave), and then there is a whole table of others to choose from like jalepeno or curry ketchup, various pepper mixes and sauerkrauts, and of course the reg burger/dog fixin's.  They have a nice selection of beer on tap (including my favorite racer 5) for pint and pitcher purchase and wine by bottle or glass. The outside patio is really fun, has pretty planters, & heaters for cool nights, plus the people watching up the street/sidewalk is awesome. They also have a frequent diner punch card for every dog or burger you buy so after 10 you get a free order! PS: you can bring your pup onto the patio, and they have a water bowl and treats for them. Gotta love the dog friendlys.
<review# 2215,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2013,9/12/2013,6,9,,2,1>We have been fans of Sift ever since discovering their food truck, and then later their store locations, but this review is written in response to choosing them for our wedding this past weekend. We didn't want to just have a typical wedding cake that isn't very memorable anyway, and we aren't really cake people to begin with- but Sift cupcakes are incredible. It was an easy choice to think to include them in our wedding day! We set up a tasting at the Santa Rosa location, and they went above and beyond, letting us taste so many different flavors, even running into the bakery area to prepare a different flavor for us that wasn't currently in the store to try. We settled on four different flavors for the wedding- Pink Champagne (my favorite), Samoa (my husband's favorite), Boston Cream Pie, and Ooh La La, with a Samoa six inch cake for the topper. We had them decorated in cherry blossoms, and they looked beautiful at our wedding. As our guests bit into them, I heard choruses of "OH MY GOD! This is amazing!" all around us. I think that says it all! Plus, the cost was way less than a traditional cake would have been. And we got to take the few leftover ones to Santa Barbara with us to indulge in during our honeymoon! Thank you Sift for making our wedding day special!
<review# 2216,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2013,9/11/2013,3,6,,2,2>One of our usual suspects for dining out and we love it.  A menu pretty much built around pairing with Zinfandel!  How cool is that?My favorites are the brined pork chop and the pasta.  My wife usually goes for whatever duck dish is on the menu.If you are going on Thursday-Saturday nights, make a reservation, it is a popular restaurant and is generally always full.  Has been like that for many years.The only downside is the noise.  The concrete walls turn the full restaurant into a loud box that makes quiet conversation nearly impossible.
<review# 2217,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2013,9/10/2013,94,166,1,11,3>Stopped in to check out Petaluma's newest restaurant (located where Marvin's used to on the Blvd S next to Pinky's and just across from Me Bistro) and was pleasantly surprised.  They bill themselves as a 50's diner and I think they have done a great job.  Other than the fact that women in the 50's didn't sport so many tattoos, all the ladies on the wait staff not only look like they are from the 50's but are sweet and friendly just like what you would expect back then.  Better yet, as I was enjoying my food at the counter, a group of older ladies in circa 1950's poodle skirts and Petaluma letterman sweaters came in.  Apparently, they are Petaluma natives and wanted to enjoy the throwback experience of Sax's Joint.I ordered a bacon cheeseburger with MeeMaw's potato salad and both were excellent.  To add a cup of soup was only $2 so I tried the brocolli whatever soup (unless a soup has meat in it I can never seem to remember what it is) and it too was good.  They talked me into a malted (a milkshake with malt powder mixed in...better than a plain milkshake in my opinion) and it to was excellent as well. They have a lot of seating areas so you can pick whatever serves your purpose.  I sat at the counter, but could have taken a booth or table up front, sat in the back room, or even sat on the secluded outdoor patio.  All in all, they have done a great job transforming Marvin's into a clean and update retro throwback to the '50s.They are open from 5am - 5pm.  I don't know if any other breakfast place is open this early so if you need an early morning meeting place, this is the spot.  The breakfast menu has a couple of french toast items I look forward to trying.  The menu also has all sorts of interesting specials, such as "The Brando," which is a burger with all the fixin's, plus fries, all wrapped up in a burrito. They just opened up and are working out all the kinks but even so, my food was prepared as requested, came quickly, and tasted great.  Most importantly to me is that my server Melissa was super friendly and made sure I was happy with everything I ordered.  Unlike most servers, she actually cared about making sure that my meal was exactly as I had ordered it.My only suggestion for Sax's is to stay open a little bit later in order to serve the bus/commuter crowd, which may want to pick up food as they get off the bus.  If Sax's offered an online app for ordering food from your phone I think they might get quite a few customers from the incoming evening buses.Overall, I had great food, even better service, and will surely be back.
<review# 2218,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2013,9/9/2013,2595,287,9,18,10>Regardless of my opinion on the Barlow Project (which shall remain unsaid), I was intrigued and propelled to try Woodfour at the nudging of an old friend Bruce, who is now lending his effortless culinary expertise in their kitchen. Location is good, parking is not...initial frustration quickly dissolved by the interior of the restaurant which is open, spacious, and energetic. My mom and I were quickly seated regardless that it was absolutely packed on a Tuesday night, and given menus right next to the open kitchen. Menu setup was interesting with designated topics of organization, but I was repeatedly distracted by the awkward silverware which kept falling over and being in the way, as they are strangely shaped and balanced only in a certain fashion.Since this is a brewery, we both ordered in-house beers, a light one for me ($5****) and a dark one for my mom (also $5***), both were flavorful, perfectly carbonated, and very drinkable. We started with the Padron Peppers ($6**), which were too blistered for my tastes, and I think could have used some dip to add some variety, but my mom really enjoyed. We then tried the Raclette ($6****) with some absolutely incredible pickled pink onions, which were the perfect crisp pairing for the heavy and creamy melted cheese. Following with a salad, we had the Gem Salad ($10****) with toasted nori crackers which was my mom's favorite dish, and she proceeded to eat the whole thing. My favorite was the Braised Oxtail with Gnocchi($15*****), which was savory, tangy and super complex in flavor, I savored every last bite. Ending with a Buttermilk Pana Cotta ($8 *) was the only item I was unimpressed with, the texture was far too soft for my taste, but the presentation was beautiful. The biggest letdown was the service. A pet peeve of mine is to be left with a small space full of finished dishes, but literally nobody cleared even one dish from our tiny space the entire time I was there. I understand they are new and were incredibly busy, so I'm going to chalk this one up to "new and still getting the swing of things," but while they're getting it all ironed out, that should be a definitive area of focus. Waitress was friendly and sweet, regardless.All in all, I would return just for the gnocchi, but giving them some more time to perfect their craft before I do so.
<review# 2219,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2013,9/8/2013,63,261,2,3,3>Cute shop in a great location. Lots of flavor choices with a couple unique options. Prices as expected for the quality. Best of all = great customer service!  We ordered and split two cupcakes:  1. A gluten free almond cake with fig filling =  I was pretty pleased! I'm not quite sure what "gluten free" does to change the texture but it worked well with the filling.  However. I love figs but I'm not sure I would've known that was the flavor if I hadn't been told.  2. The chocolate sea salt one everyone seems to mention here = I can't add anything more than another YES vote!   I especially loved the amount of salt because so often, it's a shy sprinkling but this was a good pinch so you could really taste the salty with the sweet. I found it to be one of the best "salted" desserts I've had in a while.
<review# 2220,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2013,9/7/2013,155,397,4,10,4>You'd think since I am kind of a skinny-minny that I'd be all health conscience and seek good for you food, etc.  Blah blah blah.... Especially being gluten intolerant, it sort of lends itself to a generally healthier lifestyle by avoiding all those carbs.HOWEVER, I have found a way to persevere through all the salads and healthy greens to find my carby desires satisfied!  Thankfully places like Gaspare's exist to offer me tasty treats such as gluten free pizza, pasta, and THE BEST fried calamari!!!!  I can't tell you enough how much I adore the fact that this is an option to me.  I travel 40 miles for it fairly regularly.  Does that seem insane?Prior to being GF, I have noshed on their delicious eggplant parmesan, garlic bread, and other delicious options to choose from.  The menu is robust for all, especially GF though.I have always enjoyed my service with a smile from the restaurant and appreciate their attention to detail when taking orders, knowing what is available and not as you order so no surprises come later.  I hate ordering something only for the server to come back 10 minutes later to tell you they are out.  Décor is festive, great for small or large groups.  It does get loud in the restaurant, so be prepared for a rambunctious night instead of a romantic dinner for 2.   It is great for kids as well, lots of people seem to bring them along in their parties.  Just writing about this place is making me want to take a trip for that perfectly crispy, light calamari.  Road trip anyone?
<review# 2221,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2013,9/6/2013,259,650,16,16,16>Sometimes food, service, and company conspire to make you love a place exponentially more than you (perhaps) should.  Without taking anything away from the fantastic food or service I'll warn others that the exterior of this restaurant inspires no awe.  It inspires sort of a "Really?  Here?" response and the interior doesn't make you say "Oh, now I get it" either. It's a box, just as the moniker suggests, and be warned against dining here on a hot evening.  I was the last person seated one night (around 8:30 p.m.) and it still felt a bit warm inside.  So maybe they've named it appropriately and whatever euphemism you thought the name referred to, maybe you're wrong.  Anyhow, who cares about the interior or exterior?  You should come here to eat.  This is the restaurant that my relative continued to rave about for the duration of her week-long visit.  The accolades kept coming, with her repeatedly remarking on how fantastic the food was as well as the price.  Again, in fairness, we dined mostly on starters and ordered no alcohol so our $69 bill did seem like a grand deal.  And it was, because the food was that good.  Here's what we had:  Deviled eggs ($6 for 4):  Topped with crispy parmesan, crispy bacon, chives, and paprika.  These were so good that we spontaneously ordered up a second round.  Roasted baby beets ($9): Marinated roasted beets, shaved fennel, feta cheese, toasted pistachios, citrus vinaigrette.  Beets and feta... mmmmm.Brussel Sprouts ($6): Served in a tiny cast iron pot along with chunky pancetta, garlic, and chili flakes I'll admit I considered trying to hide this to prevent having to share.  We asked for (and got) bread to soak up all the marvelous juices that remained in the pot after the food was gone.  Duck fat french fries with malt-vinegar aioli ($6) are thick, hot fries with military corners.  I don't know if duck fat heats to some otherworldly temperature but these fries stayed piping hot until the very last one.  The richness that the tasty duck fat imparted made these fries supremely filling.Hot Box Grill Burger ($16) served with those fries.  Don't order a side of fries if you're getting the burger.  The portion they come with is more than ample.  This was a deliciously rich burger.  We split it 3-ways and all 3 of us were sated.Pasta Rigatoni special (written on the chalkboard wall at the rear of the dining room, nice touch).  Heavenly goodness in every bite, even when shared 3-ways.  Here's how it was described: Pancetta, artichoke, cherry tomatoes, arugula pesto, breadrumbs, gara padino.  We so enjoyed our meal (including excellence in service) that my relative desperately wanted to personally thank the chef.  Our waiter reported that the chef was done, and was now having his "office and beer" time.  No need to interrupt that, so kudos to you Mr. Chef, and here's our personal thanks.  I couldn't eat food this rich every day but for the special evening this proved to be, it was perfect.
<review# 2222,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2013,9/5/2013,230,290,2,5,2>Granted, I don't know much about plumbing but I definitely feel like my husband and I chose the right plumber in our case.  Zach was on time, professional and extremely thorough.  Also felt like the price was right considering the trial and error he went through to properly diagnose as well as fix our problem.  He even made time in his schedule to come fix our showers because he understood that, hey, showers are important!   He is definitely going to be our go to guy from here on out if we ever run into another plumbing mishap! Thanks, Zach!
<review# 2223,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2013,9/1/2013,39,74,1,5,3>We've been going here for years, and shame on me for not reviewing it sooner. Every time we're in Sebastopol we make a point of eating lunch here; we even went out of our way to eat here on our way home from camping once, and let me tell you that after three days of burgers, hot dogs, and s'mores, Martha's was a godsend.I like sitting outside in the covered area in the back; the whole place is charming, but out back is definitely the best place to sit. First, the chips and salsa are great. They also give you this fantastic bean dip. I don't know what's in it, but it's great mixed with the salsa or on its own. We finished an entire basket of chips, which we never do. If you're dining with someone who doesn't like that bean dip, dump the basket of chips over their head. Seriously, do it. The food is great; it's kind of Mexican feedbag--which I love--but better; big portions, lots of beans and cheese, great meats and salsas. And the ingredients are good; for instance, you can tell the cheese doesn't come from a massive plastic bag of flavorless stuff pre-shredded in the factory. On our last visit I had the chicken burrito grande, which I didn't finish. That NEVER happens. But I think I'd filled up on chips, salsa, and bean dip. One of my sons had the beef quesadilla, and he told me after one bite that he was not going to share it with me. Little bastard. I finally intimidated him into sharing, and it was great; lots of bits of roasted red pepper in the meat. And the meat/cheese balance was perfect. Maybe the best quesadilla I've had.  Service is good; always friendly and attentive. Martha's will continue to lure us to Sebastopol.
<review# 2224,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2011,3/7/2012,2,3,,1,3>Was sent there by a friend and as he said they take care of you and know motorcycles. From the moment you arrive till you leave it feels as if you are part of their family.. Thanks guys..Clint Graves
<review# 2225,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/17/2012,3/5/2012,147,287,3,9,4>We were taking my mother in law out for dinner to celebrate her birthday, and this place had come highly recommended from her son and his wife. Reservation was made for sis people, on a Sunday night, at eight. We headed down there, and was immediately struck with how nice the setting is. The building itself, with it's little courtyard, reminded me of places in Provence, and was immediately in the mood for some good eats. Unfortunately our table wasn't ready when we got there - which was odd, since the table we had was right next to the bar, and it was empty and turned when we arrived. We stood at the bar for about 20 minutes, staring at our empty table, before we were allowed to sit down. Strange, somewhat annoying, but I'm sure they had their reasons.For the main event itself, the meal had it's ups and downs. Many of the dishes were sold out, leaving us with not a whole lot of options. I ordered the steak frites, and while I was blown away by the sheer volume of fries (tasty, too), the five or so ounces of skirt steak left me feeling a bit short changed. The meat was enjoyable though, nicely cooked with a lovely sear on the outside, just the way I like it. My wife ordered the scallops (after the whined about the lack of fried chicken on the menu!) which were a tad on the rubbery side. Others at the table enjoyed their food, with the risotto in particular being a hit. Entrees were followed by several desserts. Doughnut holes were enjoyable, but the others - their banana split and chocolate pudding - were extremely underwhelming.All in all, while the service throughout was excellent, I expected so much more from El Paseo. I wouldn't write them off, but for a (somewhat) higher end restaurant specializing in meat in Marin, they've got a ways to go before they can go toe to toe with the Buckeye or Boca.
<review# 2226,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2011,3/4/2012,46,28,3,5,4>I'm obsessed with Matsuyama!! This is my main sushi joint for sure. the prices are right, the food is terrific, and my girl Winnie is the bomb. I've been coming here for years and will continue to eat here for as long as I'm alive. The salad dressing is delicious, the soup great, deep fried tofu yum, rice yuuuummmm, california roll yuuuummmmm mmm! I just love Matsuyama.
<review# 2227,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2011,3/3/2012,23,51,1,1,1>Hello, this place is great.  I really am crazy about the smoked salmon, creme fresh, and little cubes of cucumber pizza, it is such a perfect balance of ingredients. It is definitely a loud place, so if you have hard of hearing people in your group, I recommend asking for the side room.  Helpful staff, great food and drinks.  I think this place is kid friendly, except the tiny milks they offer to the big kids.  They need to rethink that.
<review# 2228,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2011,3/2/2012,839,101,2,2,2>2nd time here. 2nd time being impressed. This spot almost seems out of place. It's so hip it feels like it should be in SoHo, but it's in a shopping center next to Safeway in Novato. Very solid menu, solid wine list and good service. Only check against is the limited menu. Novato's newest restaurant is a farm to table creation from a NYC transplant named Jean Paul (I think--he told me his name after a few glasses of wine).It's cool to see a sustainable food restaurant with an interesting wine list like this. Aside from the solid food program, wine list and interior design, Tavola is one of the only restaurants to ever tweet me after they saw my Foursquare check in.These guys have come out of the gate firing on all cylinders.
<review# 2229,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2011,3/1/2012,32,9,,2,2>Got a take-out for two adults and two kids.  Food tasted good, meat and sauces were good quality and fresh.  3 dishes, 1 naan and 1 rice came to around $40, we also had a couple of beers while waiting - so it totaled around $50.Quantity was good for the four of us; four adults would need more.  Will be revisiting.
<review# 2230,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2012,2/29/2012,2595,287,7,13,10>Cultural fusion foods can sometimes end up as more of a cultural confusion food than a fusion success. Thai time, however, has its fingers delicately on the pulse of this art while still remaining true to the fresh exquisite flavors that this exotic locale has to offer.So you like Thai food, I like Thai food, but aren't you bored with the same ol'? Go here. Minimilistically designed, my dining experience was complimented by throwback power ballads. Not my expert opinion on perfect Thai atmosphere, but it was different, I do have to give them that !I ordered the martini prawns which were just perfectly cooked, over the obligatory cucumber salad with a vinaigrette. Simple and elegantly presented, I thought it was great. I then for the main course chose the Ginger chicken dish and boy was I surprised! Usually Thai places subdue their star players that make Thai food so exciting, but Thai Time doesn't. Large, barely stir fried chunks of ginger crunched perfectly with slightly sautéed cherry tomatoes and seasonal veggies. The flavors were the most crisp I have tried anywhere. The crowning glory was dessert, and I'm ashamed to note I almost didn't order anything !Try this on for size: you love creme brûlée, you also love Thai iced tea but you don't have room for both. PROBLEM SOLVED. Thai tea creme brûlée!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Oh the words I have for this brilliant and perfectly prepared dessert can't describe it enough. It was a perfect size, sometimes creme brulees are too large and i leave feeling heavy whipping cream'd out. This was simply presented, in the middle of a circular charger, dusted with powdered sugar with a sprig of mint and a carved strawberry. The brûléed crust was thin and gave with little force, and the custard itself was strongly scented and just the perfect texture.My leaving point: delicious, and the day I was there, they had just about the world's cutest waiter, so it was an all around A+ experience.
<review# 2231,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2011,2/28/2012,63,158,4,4,4>Viansa is all about the view!!! The view alone is worth the trip, so spectacular. We got prompt and courteous service at their tasting room, which was super busy. We did the 7 tastes ($10pp). The wines aren't very good, the flavors are really underdeveloped and boring.The tasting room also had olive oil and a variety of other tapanade to taste, other gifts and wine by the glass for purchase. I'd go back just to experience the location, not for the wines.
<review# 2232,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2010,2/26/2012,18,23,,2,2>Just received a massage from Bill at Massage Inc. The atmosphere is relaxing and soothing, set me at ease as soon as I came through the door. Bill applied the perfect amount of pressure during my massage. He is very good at what he does and has many years experience. It was also quiet, far enough away from the street. If you need a relaxing massage go see Bill, you'll be glad you did.
<review# 2233,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2011,2/25/2012,43,119,5,2,5>I die. Stopping by La Boulange for a cappuccino and I have my one and two year old boys in tow.  We opt to take a brief stroll to the end of the strip and pass by Chocolatier Blue.  WTF.  Why I didn't get some sort of mailer announcing their presence... thank goodness I didn't.  I've managed to be just fine for the last two plus months they've been open and now I'm screwed.  The best chocolate ever next to my most preferred coffee spot if I must drive north on 101??  Screwed.This place is a delicious art project and the people are super friendly. I recommend the malt chocolate one, the chili one, and probably every other one in there you can find.  It's like eating miniature sculptures of heaven.  Oh, and my name is Leslie and I'm an choco-holic.
<review# 2234,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2013,9/23/2013,839,101,2,6,3>Rosso is exactly what Petaluma needed in the right place at the right time. The location in Petaluma's new trendy "theatre district" makes it easy to access and close to other walkable destinations in the middle of downtown.I've eaten here 20-30 times since moving here 6 months ago because the prices are always reasonable, the service is always friendly and the food is always delicious.Like most good Italian food it's not overly fancy, just simple and uses quality ingredients. From Burratta with prosciutto drizzled with olive oil to chopped salad and creative wood fired pizzas, Rosso always delivers.The menu has been simplified down so they got rid of random dishes and only kept the good ones--like buttermilk fried chicken drizzled with honey and prosciutto (I'll put it up against the fried chicken at Ad Hoc). Rosso makes it affordable to eat out more often, which is why we keep coming back again and again. In fact, as you're reading this I may just be sitting at Rosso again right now! Street parking available as well as a nearby parking garage.
<review# 2235,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2013,9/22/2013,79,258,7,5,3>Kierkegaard once said, "Life is not a problem to be solved, but a reality to be experienced." Keep that in mind once you enter the Petaluma Grocery Outlet because you have now left reality on the strip mall sidewalk. I've bought everything from big fluffy pillows, the cheapest most unrecognizable cans of beer ever produced to larger than life sized frozen California Pizza Kitchen for $3. The people inside consist of the same petite Latina woman in different stages of life - young, middle-aged, old - that make you expect to see old Rod Serling come around the snack aisle pushing a shopping cart.  Oh, yeah, there is a Redwood Tree of a white guy with silver hair. He's nice too.If you can find cheaper prices for food you're probably at the Dollar Store, to which I say, "Whoa, you get down like that?" I can't do it. I love my stomach too much. That reminds me of something else Soren once said, "Don't forget to love yourself." Also during my last trip to the Dollar Store they ran out of bags (seriously) and started handing out cardboard boxes of other deeply discounted items to load up yourself which gave me a terrible Aldi's flashback, in which I entered another dimension of sight and sound and mind. Then Albuelita or Sugiery circled that I'd saved $5.60 by shopping at Grocery Outlet and all was right with the world.
<review# 2236,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2013,9/21/2013,26,20,,2,1>My boyfriend and I can't wait to come back here! We are from Sonoma County, was in SF for the day and on our way home we got hungry. We took the Fairfax exit and came across this place. So happy we did! It was poppin', but we didn't have to wait at all. We got seated outside right away. The beer was great, service was friendly and the food was cheap and delicious! We shared a small garlic fries (big enough to share) and a half order of nachos, these were huge for a half order! I don't even want to know how big a regular order would be...We both got a beer each, garlic fries and nachos, and our bill was under $20! You can't beat that! I will definitely be returning here with friends!! Such a cool, laid back spot!
<review# 2237,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2013,9/20/2013,47,60,,3,2>I've been coming here since I was in diapers. Decades later and I'm in here once a week for lunch. The employees are friendly and always greet you with a smile. The lines can be long during the lunch rush but they do their best to keep it moving. I come for the sandwiches and am always happy with my order. My goto sandwich is the blazing buffalo chicken on a seeded roll.
<review# 2238,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2012,9/19/2013,7,30,,1,3>David does my Brazilian Blow Out and Phylis does my color. I am late forties and long dark hair and no one would ever know I get my hair colored. These stylists keep my hair looking healthy and natural. Love the cappuccinos and the great humor is good too, as well as a very nice salon over all, great products, great staff, great vibe.
<review# 2239,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2013,9/18/2013,14,14,,1,1>I have been going to the model bakery in st Helena since I was kid (7yo) and still continue to support them now in their second location in Napa.  From the cookies to the french bread my family has been one of their biggest fans. We would walk from our house early in the morning to catch a cup of coffee and one of the many fresh pastries. Now I usually run in for a french baguette for dinner and a coffee to go.My only request is that they bring back the SOFT PRETZELS  they use to make... Those were my favorite!
<review# 2240,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2012,9/17/2013,18,11,,1,1>What is there not to love about Hilda's? Food is absolutely delicious, Pancakes is all I have to say, SO GOOD! This is my ideal place to eat for breakfast. Sue, Kelsey, and the staff are so welcoming and treat everyone like family, know you by name, and make sure you always leave happy! This is the kind of place you want to go for breakfast, always has me coming back!
<review# 2241,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2013,9/16/2013,74,98,,4,2>Brand new place smack in the middle of Santa Rosa's constantly growing downtown - had to check out the Happy Hour (3 - 6 pm) this fine weekday afternoon!First impressions, they've done a great job with the place. There's a decent amount of seating, some outside, some tables (high and low, small and large) and bar seating.Big shout out to Anthony, our server, the whole table was very impressed with his attention and knowledge of the place, after less than a week of being open!Personally, we tried the Chicken Wings ($4 on HH, perfect blend of juicy chicken and spicy sauce, the sauce is tough enough to win over a spice nut, and even enough to be ok for a novice), Pork Tacos ($5 on HH, great sauce, very good tasty pork. A little on the chewy side, but not bad)The flatbread is a pizza, don't let the menu fool you! But that said, it's awesome.Overall it's very clear this is a place that cares a lot about doing things right. All across the menus (beer, food, wine) they had a wide spread, from the $5 pint ($6 on average across the whole list, and it's an awesome selection) or $7 glass of wine ($4 on HH) up to the $10-$20 pint/glass. You can class it up or keep it reasonable in equal measure, big points for allowing for that!Excellent service, great selection, delicious food (and good portions for reasonable prices). All in all a great experience!**One caveat to note is that the bathrooms are shared with Stout Brothers next door, which was fine during Happy Hour, but could get a little crazy late at night or on weekends.
<review# 2242,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2013,9/15/2013,162,206,2,5,2>I Love this movie theater, it has great cozy chairs in the theaters and a lot of games to play while waiting for the movie to start.  The staff has always been nice to me and the lines are never too long.  I also love the parking here, soooo much!
<review# 2243,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2013,9/14/2013,79,356,,1,2>I came here for a small birthday dinner and had a great experience.  Would definitely return.We made reservations on Open Table and were seated immediately when we arrived at a table in a cozy corner.  It was a cold, rainy night, and I don't think there's anyplace more perfect to be on a night like that than a warm, candlelit French bistro.  The ambiance was just perfect.  Our server came by immediately to offer water (still or sparkling) and remained attentive throughout the evening.  I ordered the sole and my husband had the cassoulet, both of which were divine.  My sole was so delicious-- perfectly cooked, with a flavorful sauce and vegetables.  I would eat that every day.  Wonderful.  For dessert we split an order of the profiteroles, a dessert we particularly enjoy but rarely see served properly.  These were the best profiteroles I've had outside of France.  We will definitely be coming back for those!Overall, a lovely and inviting restaurant, serving up delicious but not pretentious French fare.  We will definitely dine here again.
<review# 2244,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2009,12/8/2009,67,28,5,6,8>Phoenix Lake has a perfect loop around a gorgeous lake.  When I run, I like to run on soft narrow trails that wind through the woods...this is what you get here...and the loop is just long enough that when I'm really booking it takes me about 35 minutes, just perfect for a short run...My dog Neo loves it too, and I do let him off leash while we run, though some other runners remind me that he should be on leash...There are lots of side trails that go up into the surrounding areas, past waterfalls and up the ridges. And to get there, you have to drive through Ross - definitely my favorite part of Marin - the old growth trees and large yards remind me of my home in Atlanta.  The only troublesome part is the parking - there is a relatively small lot , and if you go at peak times you're likely to have to wait in line for a spot.  But, be patient - it's totally worth the wait, and enjoy!!
<review# 2245,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2009,12/7/2009,133,206,1,2,2>Ralph mans this good old-fashioned hot dog stand on one of the busiest corners in town every lunch hour during the week. The dogs are no better or worse than the ones at Hot Dog City but I think they're a dollar more. They're just hot dogs -- so, who cares anyway?The street scene and Ralph's attitude make visiting this stand a little more fun though! Today, he had someone playing music with an organ grinder and barking at passers-by. That was pretty cool!
<review# 2246,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2009,12/6/2009,248,493,10,10,9>This Little Piggy went to Market.This Little Piggy walked aroundThis Little Piggy found another and true happiness was found!Little Piggy Bakery is a Cupcakery dealing in Scrumptuality. Whole, fresh and real ingredients all come together to make a moist, light and taste delight that you will be happy you discovered. Well, acutally YOU didn't. I TOLD you. But, you can go to the Sunday Farmer's Market in San Rafael and take ALL the credit. Flavors like chocolate with chocolate ganache, red velvet with cream cheese, white with strawberry, lemon with curd and cream cheese, even pumpkin in tiny tiny bite size (small ones don't count in calories) to full size yum.
<review# 2247,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2009,12/5/2009,112,141,1,6,9>The food here is cooked with the passion, love, and respect that product of this caliber demands.  I could imagine the produce being picked that day and brought in to be prepared Scopa's masterful kitchen.  The food is truly simple and truly delicious.  The atmosphere is fun and dont be scared of talking to your neighbor because they might be a local winemaker, farmer, or chef.  I would order everything on the menu if I had the chance.  The wine list is great as well.  If they have these special varietal peppers for a special make sure you order them!
<review# 2248,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/7/2009,12/4/2009,108,294,7,8,7>For not technically being a dog park, this place is a-ok. It's quiet, which I really REALLY like. And the people whom I've encountered the two times I've gone have been more responsible than most dog parents. I'm getting a little tired of other pups molesting my dog while their owners look on and think it's cute. I don't find the slobber all over my poor guy's face/ears/body cute when I have to wipe it off... maybe they wouldn't find it so cute if I made them wipe it off themselves... anyhow, I digress.Right now at McInnis all the soccer fields are fenced off for the season, but they left a smidgen of open space with picnic tables available for us dog people. Enough space so you can use a chuck-it with ease. For those that are more inclined to walking, there's a looooooong path/trail that goes out through the wetlands area all the way to the bay (so I'm told, I did not make it all the way to the bay). Just be on the lookout for groundhog snakes - there were so many holes for them along the way I finally felt freaked out and turned around. Yes, I know this makes me a wuss, but I don't care. I don't like snakes!I'm hoping to give McInnis an upgrade once the fences come down... hope I don't have to wait til next spring for that either.
<review# 2249,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/8/2009,12/3/2009,147,287,21,22,20>Burritos are like cars. Some are a little more expensive, come with options, and are a pleasure to own. Likewise, there are some you see advertised for a price you find it hard to say no to, but the quality's lacking end up paying for it after the fact. (And with bad Mexican, the payment the next day can be severe...)So when I swung into Taqueria Mi Familia and I paid under $6 (with tax!) for a 2lb burrito, fully loaded (even sunroof!), I expected the worst. Sorta like the taqueria equivalent of a Hyundai Accent. Had I known it was coming, I'd probably have avoided munching on the free chips and salsa bar - which was good - but the log o' food was handed to me, and I took it home.It wasn't the best I've ever had, but you gotta give them points for effort and sheer volume. Lots of lettuce in there, which I didn't enjoy, but the chile verde had big chunks of meat, and was tasty. It was a little dry overall, which surprised me - given that there was plenty of juice on the pork which dripped everywhere. A container of the very tasty cilantro salsa helped, although for some reason they didn't supply lids to their wee tubs, so it had to be carried home like a live bomb. The cheese had retreated into a large ball about a third of the way down, and I never did find the guacamole - I got about halfway through the monster, and had to stop.All in all, Mi Familia's a decent enough spot, especially if you're low on dough - but I'd head to Mi Pueblo or La Herradura before going back here.
<review# 2250,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2009,12/2/2009,423,254,7,10,8>An excellent stop. The winery is well done - a bit showy for my taste as we walked up, but most of that is just b/c its new - kudos at the architectural attempts of Old World, at least they tried.The pourers were very friendly, enthusiastic, but not hard sell. (That's when I leave....once had the winemaker (elsewhere) all but push her club down my throat...I (unusual) bought nada.) They have several different wine tasting (paid) options.The Pinot flight is the way to go - $15 is a bit pricey, although it comes with a Schott (Riedel clone) stemware, that would cost $15....still I have stemware coming outa my wazoo - I'd rather pay a bit less and have credit towards a wine purchase, which unfortunately in a growing trend, they don't do. (shame as I always buy 1-2 bottles to wipe out a tasting fee, if I like the wines, or was treated well.)They through in tastes of the two Syrahs for no charge (their normal tasting is chard, syrah and pinot - but since I am a complete Pinot ho I had no choice but to instead go for the 6 pinot tasting.)The Pinots were all well made - it saddens me that in NorCal and Oregon that good pinots now average $35-45 a bottle....I buy many good pinots in the $15-$25 range from K&L, but there is no denying these reserve, single designate Pinots are often a step above....so I buy and cellar them and save for special nights at home.If you are between Carneros-Sonoma and Sonoma downtown, this is an excellent stop - don't know how I missed it before.
<review# 2251,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2009,12/1/2009,129,261,1,5,6>Really yummy, comforting food. Nothing particularly exciting or surprising in the flavor combinations that night.  I've been more delightfully surprised at Auberge du Soleil. Delicious and pleasing none the less. Also, STELLAR service, wonderful choices in plates, delicious wines, handcrafted with love cocktails, romantic atmosphere, creative and fun details in the candy cart, intelligent  and helpful, not at all stuffy waitstaff, kick ass BETTER THAN GARY DANKO'S CHEESE CART, teasing amuse bouche, refreshing palate-cleaner soda shot mid meal, and all the lovely extras such as the laser printed personalized enveloped menus presented at the end of the meal, along with a delectable breakfast treat to take home.It fit the $600 bill.
<review# 2252,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2009,11/30/2009,281,205,7,8,8>I stopped by Aroma on a rainy Sunday to get some tea and sit down with my trusty laptop to get some work done (that's a lie, I just wanted to Yelp, no work, just Yelp). It was cold, Aroma was warm, and I really like their Lemon Ginger tea and baklava. I shouldn't really be eating baklava, but it's just so flaky.I asked them what time they closed with the response that they're usually open until eleven, but tonight it was ten with the Oscars and such. I proceeded to get my tea and tasty delights, and make my way to the back and get all set up, as I didn't have a ton of time. Opening my computer, I sipped my tea in peace and quiet, not to be bothered by a soul. Time flew, as I always does when I write and dick around on the net, and it's was past ten already.But how did I know? It wasn't the staff as they were busy cleaning and putting up the chairs. They left me alone until the last minute, and before they asked me to leave, I motivated and faced the wilds outside (drizzle and slight wind) and was ready to come home for the night. For once, I found somewhere that the staff doesn't haggle everyone and make that "Closing in two minutes!" announcement. I hate corporate for many reasons, but that concept is high up on the "haters" notes I carry with me. How refreshing...sigh.....
<review# 2253,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2009,11/29/2009,340,166,12,17,24>She sat in the Silverado Car of the Wine Train looking out the window at what might be grapes.  The rows of vines whipped by with each click-clack of the track.  Like the days of her life, the sights and scenes rolled by, each row of grapes looking like the next and the one before.  She poured another cup full of wine and wandered back to the caboose.  Actually, she ended up at the front of the train, but was finally redirected.  Outside on the caboose's ramp, the sweet heat massaged her body with slow gentle mesmerizing waves.  The bright dusty sunshine lit her face, its parts and features indistinguishable from one other, as if, over time, her face had been gently sanded down by various storm fronts and bright beautiful days.  She blinked her eyes and nearly missed the town of Rutherford.  Passing Oakville, she realized the afternoon was soon to begin its descent.  She found comfort by not thinking about anything.  The weeds were growing without cultivation and told her the stories of the valley better than the grapes ever could.  Time slipped by as more vineyards went by.  The dirt pile on which the train rolled looked sad to her against the lush vineyard backdrop.  She stared at the oily tracks as they clacked along.  She felt comfortably pensive in this melancholy state.  The Mayacamas Mountains seemed to follow her for awhile until the train hit a bend right before Yountville.  They then appeared to stop and just stare until finally out of her sight.  Her favorite part of the day these days was dusk.  She would be home soon to enjoy the light when it appeared as an early morning dream ready for a peaceful night of slumber.  She would be ready.
<review# 2254,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2013,3/18/2014,554,328,2,5,5>Came on a Saturday afternoon and ordered a pulled pork sandwich and coleslaw. Add a bit of coleslaw to the sandwich and its delicious!Clean restaurant, nice staff and free refills on drinks. They had a sign that says come early since they sometimes run out if BBQ and I can see why they do... It's just too good!I'll be back to try more.
<review# 2255,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2013,3/17/2014,39,74,5,3,3>You know what they say how opinions are like a certain part of the body. Well MY opinion is that opinions about Mexican food seem to incite much passion, and that many of those opinions are more like that odiferous body part than other opinions. "It's not authentic," is always the biggest complaint. Frankly I don't care, and neither should you. The taqueria burrito wasn't invented in Mexico, so how can you argue about what's authentic? Besides, even if it's not authentic it doesn't mean it can't be good; would you rather have authentic  chicken feet or a platter of inauthentic Beef and Broccoli served over steaming, fluffy white rice? Don't limit yourself to what you deem to be authentic; it's not going to buy you any street cred.Sorry for the rant; like I said, opinions about Mexican food elicit passionate reactions, especially for a burrito whore like me. So I'm not saying that Mi Pueblo isn't authentic; I'm just saying that that argument is an irrelevant one. This is our favorite taqueria in Marin. Some say that Taqueria San Jose is better, but my wife is tired of getting leered at by the patrons there. Mi Pueblo is good for the whole family, and the food is great. And they have a salsa bar, which as everyone knows is essential for a good taqueria. Portions are big, prices are reasonable, and service is fine (although there is one waitress who has a major badittude). They're not overly friendly and sometimes only moderately attentive, but they get the job done. I could go on about this place, but since I wasted the bulk of this review on my rant I'll stop now. But it's good, trust me.
<review# 2256,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2014,3/16/2014,9,82,3,7,5>I had my first time ever acupuncture treatment with Karen yesterday.  I've had an unexplained, mystery, random lower back pain for the last 3+ weeks.  While it was getting better with time, massage, Epsom salt baths, heat, advil, etc. the first 1.5 weeks the stabbing pain would literally take my breath away and almost bring me to my knees.  Karen really took the time to get as specific as she could with what I was feeling, where, how it progressed throughout the day, and general level of discomfort.She took the time of course to explain the process in detail to me and also did the cupping to hopefully loosen up my chi and unblock whatever was clogged in my back and muscles!While I did not fall asleep during the 20 mins. of acupuncture resting, I did experience the slight tingling and electrical impulses that are associated with the treatment in a positive manner.Although my back is still a bit sore today, I truly do believe that it feels better.  On my way home from her treatment I had to sneeze.  These last few weeks, I have tried to suppress doing so, because it has been pretty painful.  As soon as I felt the sneeze coming on I immediately opted to 'test' it and not hold back.   No pain.  I actually started laughing.   She recommended I not go longer than a week without another treatment if I don't feel better.  I'm going to gauge how I feel...and honestly I may go back regardless.  I liked her, I liked her energy, I liked the studio.
<review# 2257,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2014,3/14/2014,17,51,3,6,5>You don't go to a donut shop thinking the croissants are what will BRING YOU TO YOUR KNEES, but then you think "oh why not? Something not sweet today" and you get one. And you go home when your pink breakfast box and settle in. Then you bite. And chew. And have a revelation. My 5 year old sometimes goes for the croissants over the donuts (which are also fantastic and they have great selection). The staff is lovely and very attentive. This is the donut shop for you. Not sure? Well go! Because I'm right. Trust me.
<review# 2258,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2014,3/13/2014,43,116,6,10,8>Small store with a plethora of treasures! When you're in Napa you have to stop in there and check it out. There's always something interesting and unique in there. When you need to buy something for that person that has everything, this might be the place you give a try. Furniture, yard ornaments, nik naks, natural soaps, jewelry and just too much to list. You can check them out on FB facebook.com/roostconsig For the longest time I was looking for an old school blender with a kick butt motor and the trap door in the back where the cord goes. They just don't make things like they used to... Where have I heard that before? Oh yeah.. my parents and grandparents... I guess I'm getting old, but who cares. I found the blender here for a reasonable price and was tickled pink. Stop in and see the gals that run the place. They are a real hoot! I always enjoy stopping in.
<review# 2259,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2014,3/12/2014,30,66,4,9,9>I stumbled upon Soulstice after a disastrous attempt at having a massage somewhere else in Santa Rosa and am so happy I did! From the minute you walk in the front door, the atmosphere is conducive to relaxing and taking care of yourself. I had an 80 minute massage with Elraya and I have to say this is the first time I've ever totally zoned out during a massage (I hope I didn't snore!). I felt rejuvenated and completely stress-free when I left. I have constant stress balls in my shoulders and upper arms but Elraya made those disappear. I was so pleased with my massage that I've already booked my next one and will continue to come here. They have a membership that gives you special rates on all your massages and services. I plan on taking advantage of that because this was the best massage I've ever had!Oh....and if you've seen the Soulstice nail products at different spas (like Bliss in Sebastopol) and at Oliver's? Yep....Kayse makes 'em! I was thrilled!
<review# 2260,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2014,3/11/2014,169,348,2,11,7>This review is for Danny. He is a saint. Just, LOVE HIM.I made an appointment for late morning on Valentine's Day. I was promptly checked in and shown to a private dressing room (with a great selfie's mirror-- i am JUST sayin) to change out of your shirt and into a black gown. So I'm already in love, because I always end up with little coloring marks on my clothes when I go anywhere for a color, but this time, there was no chance of that because my shirt was safely tucked away in my backpack.I was then offered, basically, anything I wanted. Water, ice water, water with lemon in it, a latte, cappuccino, coffee with milk/cream, their first born child lol tea, whatever! I loved it. How lovely to come in and be treated like a QUEEN, like a celebrity. And, to interrupt myself, the entire time I was here, I felt like a celebrity. That would truly sum up my experience. Ok, back to the details. Totally chic, cute blonde girl gave me a water and showed me to where I would meet with Danny within minutes of sitting down in the lobby. I had literally just enough time to check in on Yelp! and crack my book open before I was moving on to the next step. I meet with Danny, and before even doing anything, he sits next to me and introduces himself. Eye to eye, he tells me about who he is, his training, what he heard I wanted to do today and what he had been thinking about doing for me. He asked me questions about my routines, my usual hair products, how I typically wear my hair, how I want to wear my hair. I know these seem like obvious questions, but seriously, the details... are.... EVERYTHING. Most sylists have not asked me these simple questions, and I leave unhappy. Danny wanted to know who I was, what I wanted, and then explain how he thought he would be a good match for me. So, so appreciated.He got started. I was actually in and out. And I'm telling you, I have been to places where I was literally there ALL FUCKING DAY. Several clients stacked one on top of the other in an effort to maximize profit. Not Danny. Perfectly even spaced for I had his every bit of attention when I needed it. I went from color, to the dryer, to the sink.... oh, let me tell you about the sink. Here is where the details really take shape. While washing/shampooing/deep conditioning/etc, he set a hot towel under my neck. I have been to dozens of stylists over the years, dozens upon dozens, and never has someone taken the time to include this little detail that I so appreciated. Before leaving the sink, all of a sudden I am mid-massage! Whaaaaaaa??? Fabulous, fabulous neck, scalp, head massage. I would pay him just to do that-- it seriously felt that good-- but I digress.He whipped me into shape back at his station and I was good to go. I am returning to go just a little more dramatic with my color. We were a little tentative, but it was our first meeting and I didn't want to go too far and he didn't push me. But one thing is for sure, I would trust my precious locks in this man's hands and if I'm going anywhere from now on, it's too far. I place my ultimate trust in his hands with hair, makeup and advice for both. I was seen on time, got out in a jiff, and will absolutely be back over and over. It is really, REALLY difficult to gain my trust with hair. I have had so many really awful experiences, and my heart is warmed and comforted to have met someone like Danny who knows exactly what to do and keeps me laughing while he's doing it. Go to him. White, Black, Hispanic, Asian, a combination of whatever (like me), go. He knows how to treat your hair to make it look its best. You'll thank me. You're welcome in advance.
<review# 2261,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2013,3/10/2014,7,30,1,7,5>This place is AMAZING!! Don't be put off by the weird location :PIn the past few years, I've completely fallen in love with Peruvian cuisine. I never knew what it was like until I became best friends with a Peruvian and visited Peru. Peruvian cuisine is truly world class. One either assumes that Peruvian cuisine just consists of purple potatoes, guinea pigs, al paca meat, and quinoa, or that its probably just like mexican food. Both assumptions are completely incorrect. Peruvian cuisine is an amazing blend of Spanish, indigenous Peruvian, Italian, African, Chinese, and Japanese culinary traditions.This place has so many great dishes. Start out with a ceviche. The mango ceviche, clásico, mixto, nikkei are all wonderful. Some other great appetizers include: the palta rellena (avocado stuffed with crab), papas rellenas (potato stuffed with ground beef, spices, raisins). If you're having lunch, the sandwiches are great and reasonably priced.. Just make sure to get a side of cilantro aioli to dip your fries in. I love the pan con chicharrón (sandwich with sweet potatoes, onion that have been marinated in lime an spices, a creamy sauce, crispy pork, all served on a roll). For dinner I love the lomo saltado(stir-fried beef, tomatoes, red onions, soy sauce, balsamic vinegar, cilantro, peruvian pepper, served with rice and fries).. It's a MUST.  Also the arroz con mariscos (Peruvian paella) is another must. The pork adobo is another dish that literally tastes like all your taste buds died and went straight to heaven. They also have amazing desserts here. The lúcuma (peruvian fruit that tastes like maple or butterscotch) ice cream with their chocolate dulce de leche is divine. Wash it all down with a sangria roja and you could die happy.Anyway, this restaurant is a great way to get introduce and to fall in love with peruvian food. Jose and the staff will make sure your experience is amazing.
<review# 2262,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2012,3/9/2014,47,456,1,6,3>Love this place. I live very close and find that it often skips my mind to consider making a stop here because well, I often forget that pyc is here. Great place to grab a drink and sit and watch the water. Accommodates large or small parties. Unfortunately for me, it's becoming less of a well kept secret, so it can be quite busy sometimes. But really, sitting in a squishy leather couch, drink in hand, with the water and bridge, can't beat it!
<review# 2263,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2014,3/8/2014,30,107,4,7,6>I'm an ice cream guy. Frozen yogurt is the stuff you have when no ice cream is conveniently located nearby. Or so I thought...Yogurt Time has changed the way I think of frozen yogurt. The yogurt flavors I've tried there have all been delicious. It really isn't much different from ice cream, and that's where they get me! The toppings are pretty good, even the odd fruit boba. I've never experienced boba like they have at YT before now. I've only had the black boba pearls that are fairly solid and come in tea. The fruit boba at YT pop and have a gooey fruit flavored liquid inside them. They are pretty tasty in small quantities. I wouldn't want scoop fulls of them on my frozen yogurt.Prices here are by weight, so don't load up on heavy toppings. I've always thought it an odd price model when you walk into any frozen yogurt shop and have no idea what it's going to cost you until you have built your creation and weigh it in at the register. Three of us got out of there for around $12 and we had pretty decent sized portions. That seems more reasonable than the sticker shock that has hit me at previous frozen yogurt stores I've been to.Overall, I would absolutely consider Yogurt Time, even if an ice cream shop just happened to be near by. That says a lot for me.
<review# 2264,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2011,9/27/2012,26,22,3,11,5>I'm from Khon San, Thailand, and I really miss Issan food on a daily basis. My favorite dish has always been pad see ew(fried wide rice noodles) and I finally found a place that does it right. It's such a simple dish, yet so many restaurants give too small portions for the price or simply make it... wrong. This place did it right; not too much sauce, crispy vegetables, peppery beef.Thai iced tea is always a more pricey beverage, but unlike most places, this restaurant gives you a fair amount without putting it in a deceivingly artsy-thin glass with too much ice. The ambiance is also very neat and simple and I always like supporting family-owned businesses where every member of the family contributes.I only wish I lived closer.
<review# 2265,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2010,9/26/2012,139,364,,2,1>I love coming to this place. The fish is always fresh, the rolls huge, sake warm, and the best service in town. Dave, the manager/owner is a straight up G. He is so friendly and hospitable, I hope he is in the restaurant business forever. My first visit blew most of the other places around out of the water and is what I judge others on. Try the ruby roll its insanely massive and has so much in in and under it I dare you to say its not fantastic and only like $13 or something, I'd pay $20 and still be satisfied. I have been here over and over again big groups and intimate occasions and truly Dave keeps it real every time, Toyo rocks and has some if the better sushi around.
<review# 2266,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2009,9/25/2012,0,6,,1,1>love Love LOVE Page's!  i work right next door, so it's convenient to just stop on by and get a quick bite to eat before returning to work!  Service there is great!  Page is a gem and so is her mother!  i normally get the veggie omelet and it's packed with veggies and a slice of avocado! yummy!  it's HUGE too!  i usually have to pack it away and save it for dinner!i usually get my stuff to go because early in the mornings that place is packed with people...plus, i'm just next door! =)
<review# 2267,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2010,9/24/2012,30,42,3,4,4>I LOVE LOLA'S"S both of them! Everything at Lola's is great, their fresh baked conchas and empanadas, the tres leche cake. The meat department is huge, you can find Carne Asada ready to throw on the grill or already made salsas, carnitas, moranga and so much more. My favorite at this time is on the weekends they grill whole chickens and sell with your choice of salsa and heated tortillas. Yummy......
<review# 2268,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2012,9/23/2012,50,126,1,4,3>This is a fantastic produce stand. Prices are great,produce is pretty darn good, all the workers/owners are fabulous and entertaining/helpful and it is fun old timey experience. No scanners, no computers etc... They are open 7 days a week. Thank you to the Imwalle Family and supporters. Hope it stays around for ever and ever. :)
<review# 2269,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2012,9/22/2012,523,411,3,7,3>My mom and I were driving today and saw a huge field of sunflowers and had to stop and take pictures and then realized we were at a veggie stand! Wow! Two great surprises in one. The owner Evie drove up and opened the shop up early for us toe explore. We ended up walking out with fresh veggies up to our ears. Beautiful carrots, tomatoes, brocolli, eggplant, strawberries, salt.....wow! I can't wait to eat it all.It wasn't cheap around 75 dollars or so (but we got ten pounds of eggplant.....) but its amazing the difference that a safeway strawberry tastes againist a local one.
<review# 2270,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/27/2012,9/21/2012,77,464,3,3,3>when this place first opened, it was a solid 4-5 star place for me -- FABulous service (adorable blond server who appears to now be gone), chill vibe, fun beer & wines by the glass list and MAGNIFICENT pretzels. so excited. so few places to call home in this town, and we were thinking that this could be The One.I think we all know how this story ends. the menu has been pared down to a few 'essentials', and all reasonably priced, albeit 'safe' and kinda predictable (starter with burrata? check. salad involving beets? fries with truffle? something with the requisite quinoa? check check check.) but WHY KILL THE PRETZELS?? it was the best thing about the place. we literally got up from our table and walked right out after hearing it had been stripped from the menu. crying. when a girl's got a craving, she's got a craving.
<review# 2271,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2012,9/20/2012,147,287,3,5,3>I'll say this. For Chinese food it's a little spendier than most places, but it's the only - the ONLY - place in San Rafael/San Anselmo that has "normal" General Tso's Chicken!
<review# 2272,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2012,9/19/2012,63,169,2,15,7>If my son had his way we would live here.I have to address something that was noted by other reviewers that made me quite upset, and that was the complaining about the fact that not every ride has an operator all the time and you have to wait as they circle around. People come on, this is a tiny business in a small town locally owned and just trying to survive, if you don't like it then go to Disney and support a corporation instead of people with a passion.The train is adorable, and wheelchair accessible. Its a great place for all ages. It weaves through trees, in caves, over bridges, past waterfalls, stops in a mini town with a fort and a petting zoo. They have multiple rides: the train, a carousel(which really is one of the prettiest I've seen), "flying" planes, a mini-coaster and a few other fair type rides. There are some tables to eat at and they do sell some fair type food(hot dogs, corn dogs etc-great pizza place nextdoor), and have lots of cute train stuff. There are also a few real train cars to walk through.My son is a HUGE fan of Chuggington and adores this place!
<review# 2273,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2012,9/17/2012,2595,287,2,10,7>After being devoted for decades to Screaming Mimi's, it's hard for me to branch out and let another frozen delicacies shop woo me, but for Fru-ta, woo me it did.The owner Carolina was super friendly and honestly looked excited to see us. The smell was homey and sweet with, is that chile powder? hanging in the air. The couple ahead of us did in fact have something with chile powder, and mangoes, and it looked like they were thoroughly enjoying it. All the menu options were in English, which surprised me, and the colors and smells of the parlor were yumsauce.After looking at the extensive selection, I decided to try everything. Elote/Corn. Sweet, interesting texture, and tastes just like Tamalito, the corn scoop you get at Chevy's, for those of you who don't know what I'm talking about.Pinon. Pine nuts with a creamy fruit base. Surprisingly addictive, with a satisfying crunch and creamy pine nut flavor.Tequila. 'Nuff said.Cheese. This one piqued my interest, since I love cheese, and it did not disappoint. Very fun and yummy, with a rich creamy texture.Peach. FANTASMIC. Oh so good. Super yogurt-y and tart with a savory tang.Rose. Tastes as good as a rose smells, and leaves you feeling refreshed.Avocado. Wow, what a seriously good idea! The creaminess of an avocado, sweetened? I wish I had thought of it myself. Just slightly sweet.Walnut. Self explanatory, but very nutty and had full chunks in it, not just the flavor, which was a real treat for walnut lovers like me.Chongo Zamorano. Even though I speak Spanish, I had no idea what this was. The young lady scooping in the back told me it was like dairy curds and caramel. Undaunted, it was my final choice, very yummy, very different, very original.Seriously, I've heard of these types of ice cream places, like off Sebastopol road, but I've never tried them till now. I'm very impressed, and ya'll gotta try it.
<review# 2274,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2012,8/16/2012,184,265,,3,2>This is the best place to casually meet up with large groups of friends in downtown Fairfax, hands down. Since it's a restaurant, it's very accommodating for those (like me) with friends spanning a wide age range, thus it's perfectly fine for the under-21ers to sip on a hot cocoa as I chug away on an Epiphany Ale. The food is a bit pricey, but consistent in taste and quality, and I've never had a BAD meal here. The workers are always friendly and don't seem to mind if your group grows from two people to ten (like ours on Valentine's Day) - they'll find a table and won't give you crap for lacking reservations.Now that I've recently moved to Fairfax, I predict that this will be a usual spot of mine in addition to Peri's and Gestalt Haus. Hooray!
<review# 2275,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/30/2012,8/15/2012,248,493,5,6,6>Szechuan Chicken Salad is a tasty option - but does not so much live up to it's name. Not spicy, not flavorful, actually I was a little shocked at how bland it was- however, a good clean flavor.Sweet Potato Fires here can make up for any main dish lacking. Served with a sort of tomato-y mayonnaise-y sauce, these are perfectly salted, perfectly crunchy and perfectly good at disappearing.The Chocolate Chip Ganache Cookie, my friend - is where it's at. The cookie does not have glops of ganache. It does not only boast chocolate chips. It is a huge freaking cookie with ganache IN THE MIDDLE. And not just in the center. The whole of the cookie's middle is blanketed in ganache and then it is all topped off with more chocolate chip dough and baked that way. I really don't think you should ever get one, because it will ruin all other inferior chocolate chip cookies for you - and let's face it, once a cookie is paired with ganache, the rest sans said chocolate mixture ARE inferior.So go ahead and go, but for the love of your jeans, do NOT get the damn cookie.
<review# 2276,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2012,8/13/2012,58,161,4,7,2>I have a problem.  It is a complete and total addiction to EVERYTHING Sweetie Pies makes.  It gets worse.  I live a block away.  This is like Susie Cakes when I lived in Newport Beach except a million times worse because I don't have a live-in boyfriend judging me every time he discovers that I've taken yet another short walk to indulge in dessert heaven. Their breakfast pastries are flaky, light, sugary and divine.  The mini-cakes are heavy on the frosting, light on the cake and the cream cheese frosting is unbelievable.  The very very best craving inducing absolutely irresistible treat is their chocolate chip cookie whoopee pies.  These things are the size of your head and the cookies are thin and soft with a thick layer of frosting gluing them together.  The ratio is absolutely perfect and I have not managed to go a week without stopping by and grabbing one of these since I first tried them.
<review# 2277,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2012,8/12/2012,52,79,3,4,3>I just moved to San Rafael and have been stressed about finding a new Brazilian waxer (I adore the girl I've been going to for years). I found Emily right here on yelp, and with her good reviews decided to give her a try.Her studio was immaculate, well-decorated, and comfortable.  She was incredibly sweet and professional. She used hard wax, which does not remove the skin, just the hair.  It was, hands down, the most painless wax I've ever had in my life. It was also only 25 minutes.  I was sure when I got up that she must have missed hair because that was too quick and painless - but sure enough, I was completely hairless. The fact that I could schedule my appointment online made it THAT much sweeter. I'd give her ten stars if I could, and I will be going back.
<review# 2278,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2012,8/11/2012,5,9,,7,5>As a former military brat, I can honestly say that i have moved no less than 17 times over the course of 40ish years and each time I dreaded the packing, getting help, picking up and loading/unloading but not this time because I hired Birch Circle Movers to take care of all that for me.  From the start when I checked Yelp and emailed Paul (who emailed me right back with his contact information), my experience was smooth, professional and incredibly efficient as well as extremely reasonably priced.  On moving day, the crew showed up with Ricky at the lead (yeah!) early and within a 4 hour span had my things wrapped, loaded and unloaded at my new place...no small feat for a 4 bedroom place occupied by two teenage boys.  Not only were the guys efficient and careful with my things but they were incredibly polite and professional (even when they had to pick up the 400-500 lb gas bbq and carry it up two flights of stairs).All in all, an A+ experience.  I don't think I will ever move myself again.
<review# 2279,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2012,8/10/2012,179,297,5,5,5>Taft...one of the hidden gems off occidental road as you cross 116 going west.  Making some pretty good wines for a small production winery.  What I enjoyed there most was the Reisling, but everything else there was decent.  There are so many wineries that are good, but Taft is definitely worth the stop by.
<review# 2280,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2011,8/9/2012,45,24,2,2,2>Such a wicked placed (in a good way). Love how extensive the carnivorous plant collection is and the people who work there are incredibly knowledgeable. If you want to see something unusual, go to California Carnivores.
<review# 2281,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2012,8/8/2012,6,27,,3,2>I've been buying seafood from SRS at the San Rafael Farmers Market since 2009, though now that I've moved to SR and just minutes from the shop, I've become a regular there-- especially for the oysters. Though before I give you the run down on the retail shop, let me say that Mike (the owner) and his family are truly representative of what it means to run a "Mom and Pop" business. The situation: I had purchased on Sunday 4 dozen oysters and some smoked salmon for my Dad's birthday celebration. I didn't notice until Monday that I got doubled charged, and by an over-punch on the price ($66 and $660). Since the shop is closed on Mondays and Tuesdays, I went by today to see if the mistake had been caught. Mike was there and he apologized for the inconvenience and took care of the misfortune promptly. Then he offered to buy us dinner on him, which I said wasn't necessary, it happens. Yet he said that is not his way of doing business and made good on his offer. We picked out two pieces of salmon which Mike took the time to explain the differences between the two cuts (fattiness, structure..) much appreciated by me. It is great to see that kind of dedication to please and serve, something lost at some of the big stores in food and other hard/soft goods.As for the quality of seafood, wonderful!! A lot is caught of the Sonoma to Oregon coast, the oysters are varied and always plentiful outside of the weekend, you have to get in early since they split the seafood inventory between the Windsor and San Rafael Farmer's Markets and the shop; the shop sells out quickly. If you are a seafood lover, you'll be very happy to have found this gem of the sea in Santa Rosa.5+ stars!!!
<review# 2282,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2012,8/7/2012,71,12,,1,2>Absolutely LOVE this place!! The food is delicious!!!! Reasonably priced and very artistic in plating their food. I'm always so amazed on how they it. Like, they take an orange and turn it into a bear. Or they take a radish ball and turn it into a flower. Very impressive! Haha!
<review# 2283,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/25/2010,8/6/2012,39,195,,3,1>This is now becoming one of our regular stops for take out. We've dined in here several times, and either way the experiences have been great. Good service on the phone for taking orders, and they always pack the take out with everything you need. When we dine in the servers are always very nice, and everything is brought out expediently and never waiting on a refill. The food is also very flavorful and fresh, and definitely not run of the mill.We've been looking for another good place to get Chinese take-out near Rohnert Park, and this is our new regular call.
<review# 2284,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2011,1/22/2013,0,23,,6,1>We recently hired McCarthy Painting to paint all the iron railings, front gate and light fixtures on our house as well as a 30x40 foot pergola that was badly in need of repair.They did excellent work (which may have been particularly difficult as some locations were very high and difficult to reach) and were courteous, professional and extremely neat.We are very happy with the results and highly recommend their services.
<review# 2285,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2012,1/21/2013,34,294,2,2,3>I am newlishly local here- since March.  I love going in for coffee.  I like this place in general.  The service is always good, and friendly, and the food is great.  You can bring dogs to the outside seating.  They have live music at night.
<review# 2286,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2012,1/19/2013,253,125,,6,2>Lam's Kitchen??? Whats this?? Wasn't this Lilly Kia? Yes, it was but now it Lam's Kitchen. I am unsure on what the story behind the name change but I dig it. I got delivery and they still have the same lightning fast service as before. They gal said they would be at my door in 40 minutes but it only took 20.   I got my usual Chinese dinner, chicken chow main, pork pot stickers and four pork bums!! If you haven't had a pork bun, get one... no wait get 4 because they are sooo good. As for the rest of my meal it was the same as before and was good. If you are nervous about giving them a try because of their name change, don't! Its good food and fast service!
<review# 2287,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2012,1/18/2013,141,176,2,2,3>What is there not to love about this place?We love to come here and spend the afternoon relaxing, eating, imbibing, soaking up the sun, the smell of the sea, and chatting up a good time.I've come here for special occasions like Mother's Day, or just came to have a good time. Our last trip we came on a Tuesday. A shuck your own oyster day.We brought wine, cheese, crackers, lemon, hot sauce, bbq sauce, chicken salad, and an apple. Just trying to keep it all rounded out! Well, they provide lemon, hot sauce, and I newly figured out ... even mignonette sauce if you want it!We also brought coals to barbecue, but they will sell those to you too. The only thing we didn't bring (but should have been in my wine backpack) that I would have liked to have was a table cloth. It just makes everything feel nicer!I usually like to get kumamotos but they were out, so we opted for small sweetwaters. I've been eating kumamotos for so long I forgot how good sweetwaters are too! I think I'll be getting sweetwaters for a while now. They are great on the grill with bbq sauce and great fresh with mignonette sauce too.A few turned out to be dead, so I told the guy behind the bar area and he brought us a handful more. What's funny is some of them had clams stuck to them, we were told that's just a bonus! Those grilled up great too. You just have to be quick with them since they cook really fast.I love the fact that when the boat (the bar) is open you can get beer, wine, crackers, cheese, and that whole lot. But it's also nice to be there when it's open because the person working there will come and chat, and check on your more frequently to see if you need or want anything.Of course, bringing beer and wine are totally allowed too. Otherwise it's $4 a bottle for beer and a bottle of wine varies. We ordered Racer 5 IPA, though I think next time I'd bring my favorite Lagunitas.Even though they say it is required to reserve in advance, if tables happen to be open when you arrive they'll still set you up and charge you accordingly ($5/person for the table, shucking supplies, and grill). But you do risk not getting a table if you don't make a reservation. When we showed up last time we didn't care if we got a table or not as we could have just gone down the beach with our oysters since we brought everything we needed with us.We even shared our burning embers with a group who spontaneously showed up and had never tried grilling their oysters before. So we showed them how and all got along famously, eating and laughing. Everyone is always so friendly.We also got to pet some cute doggies who were so desperately but politely begging for scraps.Our total after 4 beers, the reservation fee, and our oysters came to about $60. Well worth an amazing afternoon for the two of us.Provides delivery of oysters during the holidays. Go to their website for the order form.
<review# 2288,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2012,1/17/2013,724,333,8,8,8>I went here on a groupon - and my caveat of excuse is guys need to be pampered sometimes just like women. get a massage, get a facial treatment, use moisturizer, get a manicure etc. - you will notice a difference when guys and ladies get older the people that take care of their skin. Enough said - protecting my masculinity here ;o) well, not really. So I finally made my appt w/ Passions to use my mani-pedi groupon and was greeted by Olivia - picture attached. Let me start by saying - she is way more attractive and wonderful than that picture even lets on - she's a beautiful women and very sincere about doing the best job she can do - COMPLETELY different than all other places that I've been too. Olivia took her time, was appropriately friendly, excellent customer service, she was chatting with me - not everyone else in the room, and her work was excellent - I TRULY FELT TAKEN CARE OF when all said and done - NOW I Get why women get mani-pedi's. A girlfriend many years ago was the first to convince me to do it - and it was a good time, but sooooooooooooo much better with OLIVIA!ASK for her by name. Thanks Olivia.
<review# 2289,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2012,1/16/2013,431,328,,9,4>Been to a few movies here already (yes, even though they just opened) and thought they deserved a review update. I should preface my 5-star review update with the concession that, yes, they do have some kinks to work out. It's overcrowded right now because of the grand opening week so there is inevitably popcorn all over the floors, bathrooms left unattended and parking is a little tough. All of these things are to be expected with the rush though right?! Overall, the quality of the facility and the service make this theater a standout. Every staff member was very cordial and helpful. I love the wine bar, even if I can't take my wine or beer into the actual movie. The seats are comfortable, the wall-to-wall/ceiling-to-floor screens with stadium seating make the movie watching experience so much better than at the Cinedome that Napa used to have.
<review# 2290,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2012,1/15/2013,170,264,4,3,4>Called at 9 am to find out if JC Paper opens at 9 am. Pleasantly surprised they open at 8:30 am! Had another great experience here fulfilling my paper needs.
<review# 2291,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2011,1/14/2013,53,44,,2,1>I love this place. I really appreciate the customer service I receive every time I come to Rivertown and the prices are great too.
<review# 2292,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2012,1/13/2013,7,20,1,5,2>I have loved this place for a long time and it just keeps getting better.I always order half cajun shrimp and half sesame chicken with brown rice.The eggrolls are good too!You get a good amount of food that is fresh and flavorful.The owner is so sweet and remembers everyone, he cooks all the food himself.Definetly check this place out, you wont be dissapointed
<review# 2293,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2011,1/12/2013,27,15,,1,1>There are really only a couple small, locally owned running shoe stores in the area that I trust and love and Athletic Soles is one of them. The staff is knowledgable and always very helpful. I promise, you will not be disappointed if you go there for your next  purchase!!
<review# 2294,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2008,2/17/2009,523,353,10,13,14>So on the way to the Petaluma outlets, you'll see this grassy knoll with an A board sign saying "BBQ OYSTERS". That was enough to catch my attention. There were other signs, but the other signs did not have nearly the same impact as the bbq oysters sign. if I saw bbq ribs, yeah, everywhere serves bbq ribs, so it would catch my attention, but I'm not as likely to walk in. but OYSTERS? You have to be darn good decent if you're going to be advertizing oysters like that. Beyond the sign you'll see a large wooden house looking building, with 5 or so smokers out in the front, with a private parking lot with 8 or so cars... What a sight for sore eyes, for those who have been eating mediocre bbq in the city. So 9 hungry twenty somethings are ready to tear it up in this joint, and I'm ready for my bbq oysters. When I come in, somehow I'm derailed by all the magnificent quantities and choices: The clear refrigerator door with tons of macaroni and potato salad in ready to go packs, the various bottles of drinks as far as the eye can see, and the deli counter with pulled pork, tri tip, pork ribs, chicken, etc. it was glorious. Everyone was walking in and standing in line already knowing what they wanted. SUPER friendly lady was taking orders and handing out an order receipt to keep the orders coming and everyone filing through the line efficiently.  She sensed we were newbies, and helped us FOCUS.... Whats the best sandwich? Do I want tri tip? Do I want pulled pork? Ribs?  (she very confidently said they're tri tip is the most popular seller, handed me a nice hearty sample). But we have 9 ppl? Do we want to share b/c we're greedy and want to try everything? what do I do? What!!! Solution: they have family meals. It feeds 4 ppl for under $20. (I think it was like $18.99 for the tri tip dinner, and like $15.99 for the chicken dinner or something, comes with beans and salad)"wait, do you mean $20 a person?" "oh god no.... $20 for 4"... wow we've been paying for overpriced bbq in the city for too long. 9 of us ate like KINGS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! We ordered 3 dinners. (2 tri tip and 1 chicken dinner) throw in some drinks and a loaf of bread, each person paid about $7 each. The tri-tip: nice a juicy, served med rare to medium. Served with bbq sauce on the side. Personally, I've had better tri-tip, it wasn't served piping hot, and was a little bland without the bbq sauce. But the bbq sauce itself wasn't my favorite either. But there is HUGE potential here. The chicken: best chicken ever. (see below)The salad: HUGE proportions. We were so focused on the beans and meat we barely touched the salad, but they are very generous in their servings and dressing in separate containersThe beans: some people were HUGE fans of the beans. I wasn't hugely impressed, but they def were not bad... and gosh, for that price, we almost felt guilty that they were giving us so much food.The oysters: served piping hot off the grill swimming in their own juices, the smell takes you to a special place....good selling points:+ outdoor seating, and indoor seating, great for families and groups. There's a tv for the indoor seating.+ many sandwiches to choose from, but you can pick what you like too.+ tons of alcoholic and non alcoholic drinks available+ tons of parking+ quick turn around+ self serve forks, knives, spoons napkins, hot sauce+ bathrooms weren't nasty, b/c after eating here, you def want to wash your hands.+ friendly service+ great pricesMy favorites:+ you can order half and half for the 6 oysters. I would HIGHLY recommend the basil oysters and the butter ones. I recommend against the bbq oysters only because I like tasting the oyster, not just oyster textured bbq sauce. The bbq sauce ain't all that. I tried the basil... SOOOOOOOOOOOO heavenly. I wish I got the butter one instead of the bbq one. They only sell bbq oysters on the weekends. So you know that they're pretty fresh, prepared nicely, no GRIT AT ALL. They won't just sell oysters any ol' day of the week. + the chicken. SOOOOOOOOO the skin was SOOOOOOOO flavorful. The meat (dark and white meat) was SOOOOOOOO juicy and tasted just like the skin, nice Smokey undertones in the flavor. WHOLE chicken served up piping hot from the grill. Will there be a next time?: heck yes there will be. And I will try the ribs and the pulled pork and the butter oysters. droooooooooooooool....this place is magnificent. the outlets? not so much.
<review# 2295,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2009,2/16/2009,158,150,6,6,6>Now I am not a huge fan of paying to taste wines - I mean there are so many smaller wineries where you pay a very small amount of $$ or nothing at all, but I have to say for a very popular and crowded winery I was surprised how reasonable the tasting was.  It was 10 bucks for the two of us ($5 each!) and the lovely woman who poured even gave us an extra taste on the house.Loved the following and in this order - 1. Cab...love love love it2. Zin - you can't buy it in the stores...only here!3. Noir...very full bodied and flavorfulI would not recommend the Merlot - it was sour tasting to me personally and I got the sense they rushed it.The views and grounds were very pretty and they even have an area for picnics and the woman helping us said they have concerts here as well. Very fun - will definitely visit them again!
<review# 2296,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2008,2/15/2009,263,163,14,15,16>I caught my first fish ever at Fort Point.  A rock cod fish approx. 5 lbs.  I was only 3 years old.  Still got the pic to prove it!  All those precious moments spent at Fort Point on weekends fishing and hiking with my brothers and Grandpa.  Every time I go to Fort Point, I remember those happy times.  Happy times that have long past, but forever in memory.The fog horn, the salty air, the landmarks - all remains the same and constant reminders of childhood joyful moments - in pictures and in memory. Pictures of you.  Pictures of me. Hung up on your wall for the world to see. Pictures of you.  Pictures of me. Remind us all of what we used to be.
<review# 2297,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2009,2/14/2009,65,103,4,8,7>I'm showing these guys some love because they are in danger of being closed.The bagels and schmears here are excellent-they are truly New York style bagels. Bagels with lox also come with capers and are nummmmmy.I had the occasion to  have their corned beef sandwich and it is simply out of this world. The corned beef is fatty (they also have a lean version but that's not to my taste) and on the appropriate bread with mustard.....Well, lets just say that it satisfies a hardened soul like me. The salads are made everyday. They also  have beef tongue (bleck!). The knish guy went out of business but they have other assorted pastries. They also do catering.The customer service has improved largely because of Cory. He is there everyday and is willing to bend over backwards to make you happy.
<review# 2298,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2008,2/13/2009,281,205,11,10,12>Ahhh, there's nothing like waking up at 7:30 am to go to a medical appointment in 38 degree weather. The ice on the car, the slippery stairs as I leave the house, freezing my ass off in my car on the leather seats before it's heated up. The holiday time, oh I love you so. Traveling to Starbucks to hook up my venti non-fat four equal latte to begin my day of overcaffeination, I hit the road to go to work and make the money for the day so we can buy some more needless but fabulous crap (hey, what's need anyway?). Sippin' on my latte, I'm just thinking about traffic and how I have fourteen minutes to get to work. In the fast lane, for once I'm not speeding, at least not really. I'm at about sixty five mph, slow for those that know me...then....the tire blows...and it doesn't just go flat, it blows off my car. My back end comes out from under me and the car begins to spin as I throw the wheel counterclockwise as I was taught when driving with the BMWCCA. I spin out over four lanes and somehow make it to the shoulder only twelve inches from the iron side barrier keeping my ass from flying into the hill. Who do I call? Corte Madera Tow. They were there, on the side of the road fixing my car within twelve minutes, and it only took five minutes for them to hook me up with my new tire and rim which was hidden in my trunk. The gentleman this morning was kind, courteous and QUICK! He knew I needed to get to work and was efficient. I  was so grateful that not only I wasn't dead (how no one hit me as I went through four lanes at sixty five mph while spinning I damn well don't know) and that my changing tire guy was there. Someone must like me still up there I guess. Plus, I had drank half of my venti latte already, so it must have been weighted just right on the bottom and didn't move or spill. I was alive, AND I had my Starbucks. I'm impressed. Thanks Corte Madera Tow! You guys totally hooked me up today and make it a little easier considering I must have looked like I just saw a ghost when you drove up.
<review# 2299,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/30/2008,2/12/2009,210,42,11,11,16>Big props to hard-ass Betty and her crew for their stunning door-knockers (that's hoodrat slang for giant earrings).  True to the reviews found here, the salsa verde is a star. Not sure about the parmesan cheese in the burritos - an oddity I'll chalk up to us being in Wine Country.Since we are in Wine Country, I went for the sangria with my prawn burrito.  The sangria was syrupy sweet and the burrito was acceptable.I couldn't help but notice Betty's bright orange eye shadow on our way out. I believe that Betty's fashion sense is the true star of the show.
<review# 2300,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2008,2/11/2009,120,313,5,13,7>OK, I'll admit it: I like Starbucks, for numerous reasons that I won't go into here.  Their logo and that particular shade of green have a Pavlovian effect on me: every time I see it I immediately crave a caffeine drink.However, it's places like this that make me realize that Starbucks-free zones can be a really good thing.   First, there's the  handwritten chalkboard rather than the latest slick marketing posters for the season's new drinks.  And though I've experienced some surly service at other independent coffee houses, they were very nice here.  When I decided that I wanted an iced drink after the barista (baristo?) made my latte hot,  he was going to re-make my drink and I had to insist that just a cup of ice would be fine.   I also had an amazing almond scone here.  Not a ton of seating but it's a really pleasant place to hang out.
<review# 2301,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2008,2/10/2009,1015,671,12,12,12>We went to the lovely organic-biodynamic-vegetarian-vegan-ecofriendly Ubuntu Restaurant & Yoga Studio and ordered:- ALMONDS with Lavender Sugar & Sea Salt (so good I had to order more to go)- FRIED Sunchokes with Romesco Sauce - GRITS with Fava Leaves, Parmesean, Overcooked Asparagus, and Yummy Orange-Carrot Puree- PIZZA with Kale, Roasted Garlic, Chili Oil, Parmesan, Arugula Pesto (great especially with the Fried Local Farm Egg on top)- CREAMy Cauliflower Puree with Vadouvan and Toast (not what we expected and somewhat disappointing)We were so full from these "vegetables," that the only yoga pose we did afterwards was the one where you go to a winery and drink.  Yoga ROCKS.
<review# 2302,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2008,2/9/2009,307,820,1,9,9>Upscale comfort food. Creative but well grounded takes on traditional dishes like mac and cheese, flatbreads (a pizza variant), reuben, hamburgers, BLT, pasta dishes and an almond crusted trout. The decor complimented the food nicely with a post-modern take on a cottage.Bartender was extremely knowledgeable about local wines and the area, helpful with directions and friendly to boot.They were very accommodating of my little ones. They have a kids' menu, crayons, happy to split up dishes and doled out plastic cups with straws. Wine pours were a bit on the chintzy side. First I thought, wow, only $9.00 for a glass of their daily special. Then I realized that it was only 2 oz. They should have just given me a 3 oz pour and charged more like the usual $12+ they ask for these days in upscale restaurants.Our waiter and busboy were not as attentive as we would have hoped in terms of promptly taking our order, clearing dishes and refilling water glasses. They might have been overwhelmed by several large parties showing up on a Sunday evening.
<review# 2303,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2008,2/8/2009,96,378,7,7,8>I was recently in Napa wine tasting with my god mother. We stopped at some cute little winery right by Rutherford Grill and got to chatting with one of the staff about local restaurants. Bob had nothing but high praises about this restaurant that I had never really heard much about. Talked about the four course menu that changes daily as is only $48. Then he mentioned those two little words that make my mouth water every time...fried chicken. Yes that's right, fried chicken. I begged him to immediately call them and see if we could get a reservation for that same evening. They were booked. However, it was early, before 5pm. I knew if we went there before 6pm we'd probably be able to snag a couple of seats at the bar. I was right. It was a really wonderful dining experience. Everyone at the restaurant was incredibly friendly, helpful and often pretty funny. My godmother and I sat at the bar and enjoyed our yummy salad, mashed potatoes, greens , various pieces of fried chicken, CHEESE PLATE (yes, besides fried chicken, I love me some cheese) and a parfait dessert. I'm not really a dessert person so I was fine with the cheese plate. They even asked me if I wanted a second helping of cheese and brought more chicken when I couldn't find enough chicken breasts. Even the patrons were pretty cool. Met folks from all over the place and shared wine with each other.Why do they have to be so far? I love thee Ad Hoc and I will be back again.
<review# 2304,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2009,2/17/2010,133,206,4,11,4>These are the folks who advertise in those "ValuPak" coupons that arrive in the mail every month or so. The deal is $80 to clean the carpets in two rooms and a hallway. I called a couple weeks ago and halfway expected the deal to be a scam because it just seemed to good to be true. To my surprise, the guy showed up promptly and only asked for $80 flat -- no fees, add-ons, etc. And, my carpets were transformed from miserably filthy to almost like new in less than 30 minutes. The guy who did the work, Bobby, was very friendly and efficient. He even offered to come back and touch up any stains that might have come back after the carpet dried.I certainly recommend trying these guys!
<review# 2305,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2010,2/16/2010,13,29,10,11,11>I love Danielle's couture pieces! They are beautiful, unique and very striking. Her creations really compliment the face. I've been looking thru her pieces, dreaming up the day when I finally have a fancy event to go to (an excuse really) to have one made. If that occasion never arrives, I may just go ahead and get one anyway to wear at the farmers' market.
<review# 2306,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2009,2/15/2010,170,264,3,4,4>The ice cream here is some of the best in the world. Yes, in the world. Bring cash or a local check or you will be sorely disappointed.I've been turning people onto the Honey Lavender Vanilla for as long as I've been eating here. It's such a fun flavor. Mexican Chocolate, Chocolate Chocolate Chip, Mint Chip... It's all natural, so how bad can it really be? Okay, so maybe my hips get a little hippy when I go through my monthly binges, but it is a hippie joint after all; it's Fairfax!Prepare for a line unless you join me on rainy days. Rainy days are better because you can avoid smelly people. Hot summer days are full of them. I can't fault a business for having a long line & stinky people, but whatever happened to no smelly armpits along the same lines of no shirt, no shoes no service? Wishful thinking. But back to the ice cream...Right now, you can get your Pumpkin. Pumpkin is seasonal & made with organic pumpkins. Go before I get it ALL! (Thank you to Fairfax Scoop for scooping it up at the Marin Waldorf Faire this past weekend!)
<review# 2307,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2009,2/14/2010,438,66,6,9,11>This is a review for Pazzo's nightlife scene!  Every Friday and Sat (possibly other nights too?) Pazzo's transforms into a dance club...I noticed that nobody has really reviewed it yet...This place can make for a pretty interesting night!The building is perfect for clubbing and is probably the most spacious club I have seen in the North Bay. There's never been a time when I have felt cramped in this place.  And as for the crowd...They are unique  too...There is a broad mix from college students to working adults...This also happens to be one of the more relaxing clubs that I know of too...I would recommend going if you're not 100% familiar with the whole 'go out and dance' thing...Because, its pretty laid back!!  Check it out, see what you think...Probably a good place for groups...
<review# 2308,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2009,2/13/2010,45,118,6,4,4>This is the proper sort of bookstore for people who love books.  While it doesn't sport the vast selection of a big store like Borders, it's got rare books, stuff that's relevant to the people who live here, and tons of neat gifts.  There's a great kid section that includes neat toys (Plan toys too), and the staff are readers.  If there's a book you need, they'll help you get it.  Their everyday prices are competitive, but friends, the clearance section is ACES, and always has something fun you wouldn't have looked at on your own - for $4, I absolutely MUST know who the winners of the world mustache competition are.
<review# 2309,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2009,2/12/2010,67,28,3,5,4>Curves is a perfect example of not judging a book by its cover...I came here because I need to get svelte for my upcoming role, and I got a flyer in the mail for a free week...Arriving here and looking at the gym, I thought to myself "Ok - well, I'll try it today, but this is definitely not what I'm looking for. It's a circuit workout with a bunch of stations that you spend 30 seconds on each.Little did I know this is the answer to my fitness prayers!  I had so much fun, got a rocking workout and the time FLEW by...which is definitely not my experience doing 50 minutes on an elliptical.The owner Natalie is totally amazing...super adorable and welcoming. She offers her expertise at no additional charge and is happy to work out with me anytime...which essentially means I've got a coach at no additional fee.I am delighted to report that Curves rocks...I'm definitely going back, and would recommend this for any woman who wants to get in shape, even if you think you're more interested in a bigger gym with cardio equipment.  Don't knock it till you try it!!
<review# 2310,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/18/2009,2/11/2010,108,294,4,4,4>I haven't thought about Mongolian-style BBQ in a long long time. Was very happy to discover this place with friends for lunch on a recent Saturday. Food was good and seemed fresh, but there weren't as many options as I'm used to. Felt a bit limited. Also, there was no guide whatsoever to help you make good choices of protein + veggies + carb + sauce. So I racked my brain and tried to remember what I'd been told to do forever ago - think I over did it on the oil... The buffet offerings were alright too - the hot and sour soup was actually pretty damn good - well balanced flavor there. For $9, I'd say it's a good value. Just need to get some signage giving guidance to those of us who are ignorant/out of practice with mixing the flavors.
<review# 2311,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/15/2009,2/10/2010,248,493,9,16,8>Ahh, the doner. One who has not been over seas just does NOT know what this is or the delight that they are completely missing out on. Much like a hot dog stand here, doner windows are EVERYWHERE. I speak of my experience in Germany, where my year's stay surely saw the end of at least 365 doners. Sometimes multiples in a night. The beauty behind those in Germany is the bread, fluffy round discs of chewy, airy rolls, if you will, that are pressed into crunchy, chewier still round pockets of salty kebab meat with cool tzaziki dressing, iceberg and peppers if you opt for "sharf." The absolute beauty of the operations in Deustchland is that they are open until freaking 2am, so you go to the club, get WASTED, pop out for some Doner Delectability and go right back down to that smokey, grimey, fabulous club.But, I digress.The doners here in Petaluma are authentic to be sure, but to a different beat than the Turkish/German version. These are served filled with hummus, fresh veggies, the infamous meat stick meat and wrapped in lavosh. Tasty to be sure. The lettuce and red cabbage are a bit off-putting, but the cucumber, red onion are an aromatic treat.Shit, anything that comes off a meat stick is so gross in appearance, so crude - SO undeniably fantastic. Babbaganoush has a fresh, clean taste rather than the smokey velvety texture that we know and love. It takes some getting used to, but you will and your plate will be clean when you leave. Like the guy from the Men's Warehouse, I guarantee it.
<review# 2312,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2009,2/9/2010,147,287,15,18,15>Fifteen years. Fifteen years between dental visits. I mean, it's not like I don't *know* my chompers are important. It's just... well, we're talking about dentists, right? It's not a fun experience. And after a certain period, it's sort of like... well, you know. I don't need a dentist standing over me telling me I suck. And that I need to floss more.Besides, my teeth have been fine. Well, for the most part. There was that slight toothache a couple months ago, that sort of went away on it's own after a few weeks. Then kinda came back two weeks ago. And then the tooth broke.Uhoh.I'm the first to review Dr. Covin. Which made me nervous about seeing her - zero reviews? Hmmm. But she was on my list of "approved" dentists by my insurance company, so she drew the short straw in dealing with a dental phobic Irishman with a busted tooth.And, she did a pretty good job! My initial exam and xrays went smoothly, she told me I needed a root canal, and that even though she could do it, she would rather I took my insurance money elsewhere because she seemed more concerned about her patients having a good experience, rather than filling up her appointment book. (See below for the result of THAT fun-filled morning.)My followup appointment was a little less smooth, there seemed to be a little "tension" in the office that day - but everything still went to plan. I've got to go back a couple more times for work - the joys of fifteen years away - but will do so knowing it's painless and excellently done.
<review# 2313,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2009,2/8/2010,423,254,3,7,5>Not getting some of the reviews here...do you people ever go to BrewPubs?I stopped in for a late beer/lunch driving North, as I have always wanted to see it.3 pm on a Friday, the place was already buzzing, and the staff was already hopping. I like the place - I tend to favor a bar stool at a pub, and they have a nice, long traditional one. I had to drive so unfortunately couldn't sample the higher gravity stuff...the Pale Ale cask conditioned was great, and tastes of the lager and pilsner, often styles I shun, were quite drinkable. I had the Moylans burger, which was quite good. Will have to try some of the other food, based on the reviews, but was pleased. Wish Novato wasn't so far from home or other destinations, so I could work on a full night of beer sampling. :) I look forward to working through their full beer list!
<review# 2314,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2013,1/16/2014,81,202,2,5,2>I had just finished a "repent for your Christmas party sins" workout at the YMCA early this Thursday afternoon & was starving.  Do I bother going to get lunch somewhere being all sweaty and gross?  Should I bother going to the grocery store?  Wait...what's that random red truck on the side of the road?The lunch answer had been solved.  Red Bamba is a local food truck that just happens to be parked over by the YMCA and Marin Commons office complex every Thursday.  He says he also serves up food on Tuesday & Wednesdays in Larkspur Landing and then at the San Rafael Corporate Office Complex on Fridays.  Good to know.I ended up getting the Chicken Kebab Wrap (spicy, but it wasn't that spicy to me) - & it was awesome!  The owner encouraged me to take some peppers and carrots on the side to help add to the flavor when I got home to eat it.  Great call!  And, at $7.50, it was a pretty good price too.This is now far more likely become a regular Thursday afternoon habit than the YMCA!
<review# 2315,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2013,1/15/2014,108,62,2,6,1>First the good stuff: they really REALLY massage you. Not that perfunctory half-assed hand massage you get in most places where they bend your hands a little back and forth with some stinky, fruity smelling lotion and barely rub. Here if you get a mani pedi combo, you get your feet and upper back, shoulders, arms AND hands rubbed with really nice oil. This is stellar. For this alone, I will return!Their skill is impeccable too. I got the gel nail polish on my hands and a regular pedi: both were absolutely perfect. On the downside: this is an hour and forty five minute (or more) process so make sure you've got the time (and the quarters for that meter!) The chairs are comfy enough but no massage. This is actually fine with me because I've found most massage chairs to be pretty lame anyway - plus they more than make up for it with their incredible, lengthy massages!Decor is pretty blah - but it is clean. There is a 'quiet' rule which is nice in a way because at least noone is yapping away on a cell phone. They charged me extra to remove my gel polish because it was from a different salon. I thought that was really lame and kind of rude. They should have informed me of that prior to doing so.Overall though: decent but pretty expensive and time-consuming. But I will come back for the great massage alone. That really makes it worthwhile.Question: how come none of these nail places serves wine? In Florida (where I lived for 6 years prior to moving here) the best salons served wine. There is nothing like having a great spa treatment and some cheap chard to close a hectic day! I do miss that...
<review# 2316,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2013,1/14/2014,724,333,,5,2>Yes - I am on the 5 Star bandwagon with this place - it's OUTSTANDING. Sure you can go in and buy some truly unique beers and wines, Sure the staff that I met - Renee and Michael on the Wine side - and Steve on the beer side are super knowledgeable and make outstanding recommendations. But more important there's a ***BAR*** where you can try 6 wines by the glass and 2 draughts on tap. It's a very comfortable bar and ambiance - TOTALLY unexpected if you drive by and look at the outside of this place - you walk in and for me - it's PERFECT. Sit down and try some really delicious wines and beers. This place is a Gift to Rincon Valley and to Santa Rosa for that matter. I haven't seen anything this creative since I lived in SF. Stop in for a drink or three and grab some juice or ale before you go. So breweries I didn't even know existed. Also tasted some delicious Spanish wines - it's nice to not be forced to always drink Sonoma County vino - sure I love it, but you gotta try wines from other places - educate your palate. Oh - and BTW - I would call it inexpensive - very much so.
<review# 2317,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2013,1/13/2014,25,76,3,6,4>Oh my gosh they just opened this up in Petaluma and my wife and I just decided to swing by to check out the Home Goods and we were pleasantly surprised when we saw Sprouts! My cousin had told me about it since they have one in San Jose so we decided to swing on in after shopping at Home Goods. The store is clean and well stocked and the people were helpful when I asked for help to find a certain product. I really like the fact that you can buy Whey Protein powder by the pound which is cheaper than buying the pre-packaged stuff. They also have a wide variety of dried fruits, grains and snacks! Their deli also has some really good sandwich meats with a low nitrate content :-) They also had some strange stuff like Cotton Candy flavored grapes yeah that's right!! I am a fan and will continue to drive out to Petaluma to shop at Sprouts!!
<review# 2318,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2013,1/12/2014,419,792,4,7,4>Stop!!!!!You heard me, Stop!!!   Stop your car in the parking lot and get yourself into the tasting room. I know you have already gotten your fill of tastings for the day but you don't want to leave Napa without tasting Hall's fine wines.  Don't worry about the baby sitter, hell be fine for another 30 minutes.  At this winery you will have a chance to taste in a nice tasting room, sit outside under the shade trees, and soon, head into the beautiful new gold LEED certified building. Wherever you end up, you can start with some delicious sauvignon Blanc.  Light and crispy.  A great combo with some tuna tartar or Im thinking fresh crab. Then have some merlot.  No, this is not a bland supermarket merlot, this is what a merlot can be.  Or rather should be.  I really liked the mineral qualities of this merlotThey claim to be famous for their cabs and you will want to try those.  They have several that will give you a great comparison to all the other cabs you tried in Napa today.  This one is tops of my list.  You might consider asking for some pinots too.  They have several from Anderson Valley, Russian River, and if you are lucky, from the Willamette Valley too.  So, what did you think?   Hope you liked it as much as me.
<review# 2319,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2013,1/10/2014,47,100,2,5,2>I love this club!! The entire club is very nice and most important to me, clean! The locker rooms as always clean and have all the items you need to clean up after your workout. All the amenities are great, the pool, steam room, ect However the hot tub does seem to be out of service a lot. The workout spaces are fantastic and offers everything you would need and you never need to wait for a machine. I also LOVE, LOVE all the classes they offer. A great variety, fabulous instructors and they even offer water aerobics so there's always something new to do to mix up your workouts. Also, the pool is fantastic when it's hot out just to go and relax. Also, speaking of relaxing I've heard great things about their child care services and definitely plan to use that once my little one is born. I just love this club, totally worth the money!
<review# 2320,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2013,1/9/2014,90,112,9,12,9>"Location! Location! Location!"This is an often-used mantra a real estate expert swears by to ensure success of any business venture.  Talk about a tough location....CFC is hidden of all places behind a medical building complex and is defiantly at odds with the building's solemn and somber structures. Pull into the parking lot of Sutter Health Clinic where CFC is located and look out for a cute delivery truck parked at the entrance. That's Chloe, a restored Citroen Truck. I was privileged to have a conversation with a charming Frenchman, Alain, the pastry chef and co-owner of CFC, regarding the cafe's history. Chloe was used as a delivery truck by Alain's parents in their patisserie in St. Tropez, France in the 60s. It was shipped here from France to serve as a reminder of his family's baking and culinary tradition. Hence, the cafe is appropriately named Chloe's French Cafe with Alain's wife Renee as the chef de cuisine and with brother Marc as the sommelier. The menu ranges from petit dejeuner (croissants, muffins, scones and quiche) to salads, warm and cold sandwiches and delectable warm pastries and desserts. For starters, we split a slice of the timeless French classic Quiche Lorraine ($4.75). CFC's rendition was light and fluffy and filled with ham and bacon and the savory Gruyere cheese. It was certainly an indulgent snack before our mains arrived. I particularly loved the crispy thin outer crust on the edges of this rich egg pie. I also liked the ham and bacon that gave the quiche a subtle smokiness.I love curry but is there a French curry? The answer is a resounding yes and honestly I wasn't aware of it until today! Most of us are familiar with Indian Masala curry from Southern India where historically France had exerted their colonial influence. The Indian curry spices were given a French makeover by adding shallots to the better-known turmeric, coriander and cumin. CFC had very cleverly used these spices to make a French-style Curry Chicken Salad ($8.50) and served it in a cold sandwich on a baguette with a side of their own sweet and sour pickled cucumber. I must say I was impressed in spite of having eaten curry all over Asia. The curry was creamy with chicken breast and had a touch of sweetness from raisins, onions and honey. I am switching to French curry from now on and Indian restaurants can eat their hearts out! No offense I am just being carried away!It was difficult to resist a good Rueben. Several variants of Rueben exist and I was eager to try Chloe's Rueben ($8.50). It was pretty much run of the mill with lean pastrami replacing corned beef. Then there were the Swiss cheese, Thousand Island dressing and house made pickled cabbage (sauerkraut). These were grilled between two slices of rye bread. The bottom line was the Rueben was not greasy by using lean pastrami and yet just as flavorful.Finally, we had the St. Tropez dessert ($3.75). It was made with brioche pastry with vanilla custard cream filling. Sink your teeth gently into the soft, velvety texture ....a perfect ending to a perfect lunch.CFC is one of the order-at-the-counter-grab-a-seat deal and several food runners quickly deliver the food to your table. It had none of the quaint, intimate atmosphere that one would associate with a French cafe. They follow office hours 8 am to 5 pm and closed dinners and weekends. Bon Appetit.
<review# 2321,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2013,1/8/2014,10,179,,5,2>Cool spot, with very interesting wine selections, a groovy sound system and a relaxed, competent vibe. Lovely old space with brick walls and exposed beams. Great, eclectic wine selection guaranteed to expose you to something new. Luckily, the wines are expertly curated, so there is little risk of picking a dud. You are in good hands here.
<review# 2322,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2013,1/7/2014,39,74,3,5,2>I'm not a sweets-for-breakfast kind of guy. I haven't had a doughnut in over a decade (maybe two; I can't remember the last one I had). At the lousy hotel breakfast buffets I never have the cheap, oily pastries and muffins. I can resist. I'd rather have something savory, or nothing at all. But Rustic . . . oh you filthy temptress!I second the motion of other reviewers; Rustic is the best bakery in Marin. I feel like I'm cheating on Rulli when I say that, but I think of the two differently.   Rulli is more of a Euro coffee house, while Rustic has the best selection of breakfast pastries. And they're all delicious; as a matter of fact, my wife and I agree that the pastries are comparable to what we've had in Paris. Yeah, that good.It's been a treat to watch this small local business grow over the years, and as they've grown the quality of their products has actually improved. And what was once their main weakness--customer service--has also improved. There was a time a few years ago when the counter staff was indifferent, but I think the owners have made a conscious effort to improve the customer experience. Also, they've expanded the variety of their pastries; every time I go (which is about once a month) they have something new. I won't bother to list our favorites because there are so many, but I will say that their savory offerings--including their breakfast stratas--are wonderful. It's not just about the sweets. If you're a first-time visitor I recommend you try a few of the croissants; we usually get a chocolate, a ham & cheese, and the Florentine. Purists say you can judge a bakery on their croissants, and based on that measure Rustic will not disappoint.
<review# 2323,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2013,1/6/2014,24,101,,8,2>Just getting opened, soft opening started on 10/17/13, so now isn't the ideal time to visit, but it's fun to see these guys get up and running.They took over the cafe on Devlin, very big space.  Stand alone tap room and restraunt, connected by a large courtyard beer garden.  This place has a huge amount of potention, now we just have to see what they will do with it.Because of the location, I'll be skeptical until proven otherwise.  This is what has kept me away from Napa Smith, it's just a bit of a drive, but if they can brew really good beer, serve good affordable food and make it a place you want to hang out, they'll be able to pull it off, really hope they can attract the crowds to such a big location.Currently soft opening is 20% off on the menu, guessing this will only be for a week or so.  Food is good, the grilled cheese is well worth it, as well as the chips and dip and the house-made jerky.  The beers are good, but I'm waiting for the specialty stuff to come out (I'm a sucker for Scotch Ales).  The owner was super nice and approached us a few times, everyone I was with really enjoyed our afternoon there.  I'm sure I'll be back a time or two, or three, or four, or.......Good Luck Guys!
<review# 2324,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2009,7/24/2010,108,54,4,6,3>Based on setting alone this place garners a five star review. It certainly doesn't hurt that you can grab yourself a tasty brew and enjoy a million dollar view, all the while taking quite solace in the fact that you're in a place that most people don't even know exists. You will have to work for your drink and the hike back up to your car could cause you some gastrointestinal harm if you didn't take it easy at the bar. Regardless of the hike required to get there if you're a marinite you have no excuse for not checking out this place at least once, however I doubt that you'll only visit just once.
<review# 2325,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2010,7/23/2010,174,143,4,7,5>I no longer go to the mall, or rather, I no longer go to Nordstroms and Macy's and J Crew. Yes, ladies, I go to kids consignment stores, looking for that gadget the kid absolutely needs right now...okay, I try hard not to buy into that motto but will admit that the exer-saucer we bought at half price and polished up was SO worth the money. I have more than enough clothing so don't need anything but can't help browsing, so many cute things, I plan on coming here if I ever need something one of her grandmas haven't yet supplied. For Marin moms, this place is a hidden gem!! I only knew about the two on fourth street until a friend mentioned this place, check it out!
<review# 2326,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2009,7/22/2010,155,397,3,5,3>Don't know or care about anything other than bagels here. So my review is based solely on the bagels, after all this is "House" of bagels.Their egg bagels are so perfect they don't need a thing! Should you decide to toast them they are a perfect balance of toasted goodness and chewy soft perfection inside. Their texture is spot on. Hands down the best bagels in Northern CA!Their black and white cookies are worth a taste as well. I just wish they were closer to me than 40 minutes away. I would be there daily. (maybe that is a good thing they are far away then!)
<review# 2327,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2009,7/21/2010,67,79,9,13,9>Can my roof last one more winter?  (The shingles are starting to blow off).Is the rain leaking inside the house? No.Well, then, maybe another year -- hate to spend money on the roof. No matter how much you spend on it, the roof ends up looking pretty much like it always did. But the shingles are blowing off, aren't they?  Always wondered what was under them.Interesting...Friends with a new roof to call their own gave us Julio Gutierrez's phone number, so we called him.  He didn't call us back.   We learned that was a good sign:  never hire a contractor who calls you right back.  Of course.A month and two rainstorms later we called him again.  A week after that he called us back.  Right on cue -- I was nervous with the excitement of the moment.The contractor was calling us back!What we got here is a two story structure with a mansard roof.  The top is flat, or it was supposed to be, with a slight pitch one way or the other -- need scaffolding on three sides, and of course, everybody's favorite, dry rot, has to be found and ripped out wherever it might be.  Then make everything up there new.So, we were all together on that.  Julio put everything in writing.  All we needed was my check to Julio and a building permit from Marin County -- no problem, I paid the retainer and Gutierrez Roofing arranged the building permit -- though I retained the privilege of paying for it:  $298.And what did I learn for $298?  I learned that my house is in a "Fire Protection District" and must upgrade roofing/siding materials to Class 1 Fire Protection standard.  This means installing an extra layer of plastic-looking stuff under the shingles.  It costs more money and no one will ever see it, but it's mine now.Six roofers and carpenters demolished the old roof with appropriate pounding, sawing, and scraping, and scared my dog.  He went to watch TV in the back room and stayed there.  On the second day, one of the roofers stepped down and down and his leg came through the ceiling into the bedroom.  An unusual sight --  a leg hanging out of the ceiling.Nobody on the job wanted to be the one to tell Julio about it.  So, next day, my wife let him know.  Julio called Michaelangelo.  The fixer came immediately, fixed it, matched the new patch seamlessly to the XXth century ceiling in the bedroom, and was gone.  So what else happened?  Really nothing remarkable.  The crew came to work day after day and worked quietly, diligently until the job was all done.  Julio kept in touch on the job, rebuilt the flat roof with a working pitch, installed new ventilation including those new fangled solar powered fans, and fixed a lot of stuff that couldn't be seen until the old roof had been peeled off -- like replacing wet insulation (who knew?).I expected a walloping big bill for doing everything right.  Nope.  Julio stayed with the estimate (as amended for the building permit).  That was it.  The whole deal.Even though most of the work is under the shingles or otherwise out of sight,  it looks good, it is good and it's a good thing Julio called us back.
<review# 2328,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2010,7/20/2010,86,345,3,4,3>Do you have onion goggles  yet? Because if you don't they are worth every flippin' penny! All 2,095 pennies + tax. Boyfriend got these from here for me for Christmas and they are by far, the best Christmas present I've even gotten. You may be thinking, "The BEST Christmas present ever?" YES! I'm not kidding. If you like to cook and you use onion, come buy these goggles. While you're there, buy yourself one of the beautiful blown glass iced tea pots/makers, a new ceramic knife and anything else your heart desires. Sign of the Bear never disappoints.
<review# 2329,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2009,7/19/2010,52,62,5,13,6>I've never tasted BBQ as good as this.  I'm talking pour-me-a-mug-of-that-sauce -- I'd drink it up, with a side of ribs ;-)  Speaking of the ribs, tri-tip, and pulled pork -- divine.  Yumyumyum.Big Jim's is going to be big!  I see Food Network in his future.  He's personable, engaging, clever and a god at the grill.  So be sure to try his craft before he's so big and famous that you'll only see him on TV.
<review# 2330,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2010,7/18/2010,163,290,4,3,3>I have been back from Ethiopia 2 weeks. I am still in reverse culture shock here! It's my birthday and my sweetheart has taken me here for dinner.The bartender Cassidy made wonderful cocktails for us. And of course, we had to try their famous deviled eggs. They do NOT disappoint! The smoked duck ones were ordered twice. YUM. The truffles eggs also a big hit. We were waiting for the romantic fireplace table for over an hour, but the two older ladies that had been sitting there for the past 5 HOURS talking, didn't seem to want to give it up. We finally settled at the table next to them, still within fireplace sight. Spoil me, I have been in a harsh living environment the past 5 weeks!The sardine appetizer was delicious on the caramelized onions. A nice contrast to the acidic sardines. My steak was done perfectly and the potatoes divine. My honeys meatballs and spaghetti were devoured.A nice touch bringing out a piece of heavenly Tiramisu with a candle in it! :) We are Tiramisu snobs and this made us very happy.The wine which was suggested for our dinner, complemented it well. The wait staff was nice and friendly.The restaurant has a lovely feel to it. The only suggestion I could make is with the singer. She had a lovely voice, but the canned music she sang to lacked soul. It would be so much better for her to have a simple 3 piece musical group with her. There is room for it.We will definitely be back, especially since it is in walking distance from home :)
<review# 2331,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2010,7/16/2010,62,208,3,5,3>Today was there first day open and a nice surprise that every thing seemed to go like they had been open for a long time. The inside has been redone too, adding more tables than before at Sooze. We tried my favorite BBQ chicken pizza, no cilantro. The BBQ sauce had a really good flavor, some onions and chicken. I always sprinkle crushed red pepper on my pizza, this being a new place the  pepper was HOT. The crust on the pizza was very thin. A unique pizza. The Mediterranean salad had olives, tomatoes, chicken with a pesto vinaigrette dressing. We also had the Boca Negro with berry sauce for dessert. A really good meal!
<review# 2332,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/6/2010,7/15/2010,307,201,4,6,4>This past NYE of 2010, my husband and I were invited to 3 parties, 2 in SF and 1 in Oakland.  We were planning to go to the one in Oakland... but we just flew back from New Mexico at 12:30AM in the morning and although we had a decent amount of sleep, we were still tired and jet-lagged.  I kept my energy up during the day but my husband crashed and napped for like 2 hours as I was getting ready for the night out, and by the time we were both ready, we were cutting really close to the NYE countdown.  Like, if we got stuck in traffic over the bridge to Oakland, or couldn't find parking, we'd be having New Years in the car.  That close.  And we didn't really wanna risk that : ( So we decided to keep things casual and mellow this year and walked around our neighborhood and heard music from inside Paradise Bay.  So we looked at each other and said, sure, why not?We walked in, and found out they had a $20 cover each.  Kinda expensive considering how close it was to the count down, but it was for the live band and we really didn't have time looking for other places.  We didn't have cash but the guy at the reception desk told us that we can charge it on our card and open a tap and pay all at once in the end.  That was very thoughtful of them, so we didn't mind spending the $.We sat by the bar, my husband enjoyed watching football and NYE footages on the flatscreen TV, while he sipped vodka collins and I had my mojito.  Then we ordered two glasses of champagne, chat about new years resolution, little projects we are working on, etc... and before we new it, it was the countdown and it was 2010: )It was nothing glam or special, really... and it was just what we wanted this year.  It was festive enough, yet cozy, and literally 1 minute stroll from our apartment. lol.I've been noticing their happy hour banner for the last few months too, and i am seeing some reviews here commenting on improved experience at Paradise Bay.  Perhaps I will give their happy hours a shot sometime soon : )
<review# 2333,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2009,7/14/2010,90,172,3,10,9>Rocky's is definitely the place to go to talk to people who know something about meat... they have an impressive selection for the relatively small size of the counter (relative to the large grocers anyway), but the meat is fresh and always appetizing. I tried the sandwiches that everyone raved about- definitely better than the Subway across the street.  The Italian combo was great- salami &amp; mortadella that left you wanting more.  A huge sandwich for only $6.75 ish...definitely worth a visit.
<review# 2334,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2009,8/29/2009,26,112,5,5,5>The Dugout is a new favorite of Marin for me and the husband. It fits the bill for a chilled out place to go after work or over a weekend:1. great volunteer bartenders2. cheap drinks-- they have cider!3. HUGE area to sit outside. Seriously the outside bench must fit 100. I also appreciate any bar that hosts a committed group of regulars-- Also extremely nice and cool.i love it!
<review# 2335,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2009,8/28/2009,81,202,9,8,6>A guy that is approaching his mid 30's living in Marin County, California would probably want to drive a new, slick, black 4-door Hybrid of some sort if he were to fit in an area like this...correct?  Leather Interior with seat warmers, of course...correct again?People in an area like Marin are likely judging a guy that is in his mid 30's who is sprouting his first few gray hairs and has no real prospects of a future wife on the horizon...correct again?Those same people who judge so harshly in such a mean area would likely scoff at the AMAZING, yet NASTY bird-tird-diarrhea that speckled the entire back half of my new slick hybrid.I left it for a while.  It was raining.Royal Coach caught the corner of my eye the other day when it wasn't raining...I knew it was time to give the new car its first real bath...with a light wax included!  I have to say the service was quick and great on a really busy Sunday...and they didn't pull the ANNOYING HARD SELL that other car washes in the area are very guilty of pulling.As another yelper noted...their evening hours are a bit disturbing.  I remember avoiding this place for about two years because I brought a car in around 4:45pm on one of those "half-ass" Monday holidays (Presidents Day was the case this time) and the Latino greeter spoke to me in broken English about how they were "Close--ed Urly" because of the holiday.  Uh, glad you want to celebrate America's Fake Presidents Day Holiday by leaving a bit earlier than normal on a Monday.  REALLY lame!Beyond that...this is one of the better car washes in the area.  I will be back.  Especially since the very next morning I rolled out of my driveway and a bird greeted my Monday with a giant tird on my shiny windshield first thing!  No wonder these car wash guys stay in business during a Depression.
<review# 2336,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2009,8/27/2009,174,143,4,11,10>30th birthdays only happen once, (Thank God) so my experience at the Tavern was a huge excitement for me! I had never been to this location when it was the Lark Creek Inn, mostly due to financial reasons so one can imagine my happy surprise to hear that the menu was being done over and that NOT ONE ITEM ON THE MENU WAS MORE THAN $17 OR $18 BUCKS! This doesn't include wine, just food, but still! My party of six was given a wonderful table in the very busy restaurant, was attended to by a fantastic waiter who said all the right things, checked on us at all the right moments and in all was just awesome. Our food was awesome, considering the price ranges, we all felt like we were eating $25-$30 entrees for half the price, something, I feel, is really hard to achieve. The menu has sort of a Cajun thing going for it, really tasty, and, for you veggie tarians, there was plenty of non-meat options on which one could nosh. **Things I reccomend trying:Mac and Cheese AppetizerShrimp and Grits EntreeNY Steak EntreeShort Rib EntreeBoston Cream Pie DessertVery reasonably priced, wonderful service, great wine list, it doesn't get much better than that! Can't wait to go again!
<review# 2337,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2009,8/26/2009,108,54,7,6,5>I'd say sandwiches are probably my favorite lunchtime meal, so anytime I get a chance to check out a new place I'm always willing. The place is an unassuming box on a frontage road in downtown Novato but once you pass through the screen door, you have boarded the A-Train to Tasty Town. No frills here just awesome sandwiches at excellent prices. Everything comes off the skillet so there is going to be grease in the equation but my turkey sub was not bogged down or heavy. I only got a half but if you're willing to share the full is a hell of a deal. Definitely more than enough to feed two adults or 4 infants. The hot sauce is an excellent addition to any meal. So put off your diet for a day or two and stop in and grab a sub.
<review# 2338,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2009,8/25/2009,352,403,8,8,12>My first time visiting Roshambo's Tasting room was for their Annual Rock-Paper-Scissors competition.  It's a pretty cool spot, they have a pretty sweet classic arcade game that you can play pacman on for free.  I think that during normal business hours tastings are free with the purchase of a bottle of wine.The spectator pass for the event was the best 10 bucks that I've spent in 2009 so far.  I rank the event highly, up there along with bay to breakers and Lovefest.  This costume filled event, is a must for anyone in the bay area.  As long as you like drinking wine and meeting cool friendly people, you will have a good time.My friends and I went as team roshamwow, proudly displaying our shamwows.  One of our guys worked his way through his group and made it to the final 12.  In the end his run was stopped by an attractive female competitor that distracted him with suggestive BJ gestures.  Hats off to her though, mind games are legal and important aspect of top level RPS competition.As a spectator, I drank a lot of wine, battled a lot of people in 1 v 1 RPS(for side bet money), and eventually lost my voice for running around shouting for 6 hours.Comcast Sports Net saw our team doing some stretches and took some video of us, which later made it onto a TV spot.  They also interviewed one of our guys, which is another win as far as I'm concerned.  Here's a link to the video:player.theplatform.com/p
<review# 2339,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2009,8/23/2009,155,397,6,6,6>St. Helena Avenue burger is heaven in my mouth. Don't get it on a first date or when you want to appear demure in anyway. It is an in your face, bold expression of flavor and textures (bbq sauce, crispy onion rings, crisp lettuce, fresh tomato and onion, toasted bun, crispy bacon).There is no wrong option here.
<review# 2340,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/2/2009,8/22/2009,90,172,6,8,8>This is the place to go if you are into samples of salmon, greek salad, baba ganoush and anything else- or if you are just so hungry you can't wait for your sandwich to be made....They do have an impressive selection of deli meats (gourmet style to your standard picks) and a good sandwiches- paninis ($6.99) were good, but not great- but they do have interesting ingredients that add to the tastiness (blue cheese spread, jalapeno cheese, etc.).  Their olive bar was impressive and the cheese selection was also commendable, albeit pricey.If your looking on vacation and not pinching pennies- this is a definite stop to create a picnic to take wine tasting.  Otherwise, I can see why the locals come down on it hard for being pricey- it is!!
<review# 2341,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2009,8/21/2009,43,119,2,17,6>I love Nona!!!! I've been seeing her for the last several years and she delivered my baby last year.  She's thorough, clear, and takes her time to help and explain as much as is needed.The other OBs in the group are also wonderful!!  I highly recommend her services if you live in the area and are looking for someone experienced and capable.
<review# 2342,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2008,8/20/2009,51,109,3,3,6>I found myself a guest at Murray Circle about a week ago with great company. A dear friend invited my brother and I for dinner last minute.I had heard great things about the place, but never from a source I knew well enough to take it to heart. First things first, the friend who invited Me, is a bit special with his needs so this was no ordinary dinner for me. The waiter comes out to give us menus, and he refuses. "We want the best the Chef has to order." Oh boy, it's going to be one of these nights again, i'm thinking. "Well sir, the so and so is very good," the waiter says (more or less)Just get us the best dinner and wine you have.The dishes start flying out. Tomatoe salad, Duck, Steak, Mushroom... Honestly, by the time the main course was there I couldn't remember the last few things I had, it just kept coming. The place is decorated very nice, and elegant. The grounds of Cavallo Point on a night foggy, and gloomy evening make it feel very turn-back the century. Where's the candles :)Anyways, the service was excellent, the food was delicious, and the setting was very pleasant. I know this is not very detailed, but next time I eat there I will take notes so I can actually remember all the great things I ate :)Highly recommended.
<review# 2343,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2008,8/19/2009,19,48,4,6,5>This is a great little shop. I stopped in while out with a friend on a random drive, and have actually come back to pick up some more shower steamers. If you don't know what they are well they are magical balls that come in different scents and effervesce in the shower. Great for those who rarely take a bath but would like to indulge in something unique. I tried to find some of these online but it was more than worth it to drive back up here for the price they are compared to what I saw online. Friendly employees and I also got a free soap sample of my choice. Will definitely be back to sustain my new addiction.
<review# 2344,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/20/2007,11/8/2007,27,63,8,8,7>This is the place to go if you want to feel like you lived the high life in Marin in 1977.  You will hear classic jams such as "Ricky, Don't Lose That Number", "You Light Up My Life" or "Let Your Love Flow" and the bar menu is old-school (my dad used to make Ramos Fizzes on weekend mornings to get the party started - they call them Famous Ramos at the Spinnaker though).  These are the GOOD things about The Spinnaker.  In fact, I would probably recommend just hanging in the lounge/bar area if you like "yacht rock" and old-school cocktails like I do, because the dinner service and the food are just not worth dropping your entire paycheck on.As you've probably heard by now, The Spinnaker has amazing views.  And if you're sitting with your back to the water/SF, you can still see the awesome view reflected in the mirrors they've put up opposite the windows.  The night view is just as great as the daytime view, with all of SF lit up across the water.I'm going to assume the 3 times I've been here have all been "bad days/nights" in the kitchen.  So 3 stars for the aforementioned old-schooledness, the view and the attentive service by the "understaff" (quick on filling water, place-clearing, helping us with a spill, but these were not done by the servers).  Here are the reasons why this place generally gets so few stars.Food = WAY overpriced and hits just a tad below mediocre.  This is basically a place for out-of-towners who know of it because it's been there forever.  The crowd is a make-up of "senior discount" patrons or tourists who don't care that their drinks took 20 minutes to arrive or that their food was luke-warm at best and who think they're getting really fresh seafood.  $20 for halibut that comes to the table sitting under a heat lamp for god-knows-how-long accompanied by miniscule sides of veggies/starches (it came with rice, but was supposed to come with potato cakes) is just not my idea of money well-spent.The desserts are great (get the torte layered with 3 different types of chocolate!), the valet is free, the bar/waiter service generally sucks (see above---not in a rude or unfriendly way, but just be prepared to wait a super-long time for drinks, orders being taken, food to arrive, etc.), the main courses are hit or miss (mostly miss) and as for the view, it is awesome, but you can also get the same view outside!If you want the view and are required to hang out in Sausalito, get a couple drinks at The Spinnaker's lounge, then go across the street to Poggio's for dinner, where you will enjoy a more innovative, fresh and flavorful dinner.
<review# 2345,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2007,11/7/2007,42,103,7,7,6>I love this place. The first time I had falafel, I was in Vancouver, BC and hungry after drinking the whole night. It was the most delicious thing I had eaten in a while. My next few endeavors to falafel-land were far from the spectacular experience I had in BC....until Falafel Hut. Although, I will always treasure the memory of my first falafel, this place is pretty freaking good. Their portions are generous, which makes their prices very worthwhile. The tahini has just the right amount of bite to it and the falafel balls themselves are perfectly cooked: crispy on the outside, warm and soft on the inside. I wasn't especially impressed with their eggplant (part of the deluxe option), but the quality of the falafel completely makes up where the eggplant lacks. I highly recommend this place if you want a quick bite to eat or some easy and delicious take-away.
<review# 2346,isUSA=TRUE,1.0,9/21/2007,11/6/2007,23,15,5,4,7>I had to update this as I went into Champagne this week with my parents, and while the food was still good, the lady at the counter was unfathomably rude both to me and my mother (and both of us spent YEARS waitressing, so I can cay with some confidence we were not  ugly customers).  Awful, awful service.  So disappointing.I have eaten at a lot of French places and have never in my life found the French stereotype of rudeness to be true. I guess it takes an American to really turn up the asshole in a French restaurant.-----------------------------Yesyesyesyes.Three reasons this place should be tried at least once for brunch:1. Impeccable croissants.  I mean flakey, buttery, good alone or as an egg and cheese delivery mechanism. Lovely anchoring for your post-Saturday night belly.2. Cute little patio with jasmine plants and a decent amount of warm morning sun. 3. The brunch special is delicious and relatively cheap for what you get (small pastry, fruit salad, bacon egg and cheese croissant with red skin potatoes ...all accompanied by coffee, orange juice and champagne!). I'm not sure if it is the same every weekend, but damn. Yum!Oh, and the guy gave us a free champagne refill. Yes, a refill ...on CHAMPAGNE. It's the world I wish I lived in all the time.
<review# 2347,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2007,11/5/2007,42,72,6,11,14>The Headlands are immense, solid, and comforting in their permanence. I've returned here again and again, and it is always me that is different, the Headlands that are the same.Sure, the weather is fickle, the flora crescendo and fade with the seasons, and bikers are predictably unpredictable around every turn. But it's the same fortress of rock and cliff; the same bracing, let-it-all-out, lung-filling fresh air; the same achingly spectacular glimpses of the bridge and the city sprawled in the distance, with the same pounding ocean within arm's reach.I've been here alone. I've been here with the one I love. And yesterday, I went with three of my gals.I am the DD, so I make four stops across the city, filling the Dirty Lesbaru with friends and food as we approach the bridge. The chitchat is voluble, punctuated by laughter and Freudian slips and slides. We cross the Golden Gate, elated, then veer off at Alexander and climb the winding road.None of the gals has ever been past Conzelman, so I bring them to Rodeo Beach. We haul our picnic out and I get the pleasure of easing my Spyderco through Mt. Tam triple-cream. We nibble salami and roasted squash, watching surfers gliding on waves and dogs careening on golden sand.Then we climb the Coastal Trail, a lazy, meandering ascent. It's not the climb of me alone, when there's a loop to be completed, a problem to be solved, thoughts to grind through. It's not the soft elation of walking in tandem with the one I love in a place of eternity, searching for the perfect piece of private sloping field to stop and stay awhile.It's the devil-may-care meandering of bare-faced girls carrying champagne and merengues. We are here to leave behind problems, not to solve them. We aren't searching for perfection, or anything else. We are easily distracted, easily amazed, and easily content to hike a little, talk a little, laugh a little, sit a little.It's unbelievably grand. It always is.
<review# 2348,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2007,11/4/2007,157,103,6,7,9>Went to DYK and had one of the best reuben sandwiches ever.  It was perfectly toasted with saukeraut, corned beef, and smothered with thousand island!  I've been yearning to eat this sandwich again since I first tasted it last Sunday. The corned beef was not too salty which is rare to find in a reuben and the thousand island was not too sweet.  Just right for me. I am giving Iron Springs Pub & Brewery five stars because along with the awesome reuben sandwich fantasies I have been having this week I was also throughly happy with the steamed veggies on the side of my beautiful reuben sandwich.  The veggies took up half the plate and were composed of carrots, zuchinnis, and bok choy lightly sauteed in olive oil and pieces of garlic.  I wish every brewery offered such a great steamed veggies option!Note: I was starving so I may have been imagining how wonderful the food was but I would definately go back again.
<review# 2349,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2007,11/3/2007,74,84,8,7,6>I love you Stinson Beach and I am leaving tomorrow AM to spend a whole 4 day weekend with you.  We are going to have so much fun together.  I am going to lie on you and run on you and play soccer on you and throw frisbee on you.  I am going to put a blanket over you to keep you cool from the sun (oh please show up dear sun).   I am going to yell at the fog and the wind so that they don't make you too cold.I am going to bring my surfboard and will lay it on you before I go in your beautiful shark infested waters.  I am going to swim in the little lagoon that is just behind you.  But don't worry, I will come back to you to dry off in your heat enblazed sand.I will hang out with you at night and we will start a little fire together and maybe BBQ a little fish and possibly some marshmallows later.  Don't worry, I am sure to drop a bit or two on you so that you can have a taste.  Whatever you don't want, i will be sure to clean up.Stinson, I really love you.  I hope this 4 day weekend turns into something more permanent between us.  I swear I will take good care of you.  Maybe some day we can live together FOREVER.
<review# 2350,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/29/2007,11/2/2007,728,671,8,10,8>*Grab a yogurt after a long hot hike at Mt. Tam*Get your diabetic Dad a sugar-free treat after too many Bloody Marys at Sam's*Take notes on how the Happy White People live (and make bets on the future shrink and rehab costs of their adorable children, who are inhaling ice cream after ballet and soccer)*Reminisce about the 80s when people still called this tasty stuff FroYo
<review# 2351,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2007,11/1/2007,13,82,1,4,4>This spot is pretty unassuming, but the staff is great and the food is fantastic.  I've only eaten there once (pollo relleno) - the food was super fresh and very flavorful.  It's not your typical cheap Mexican food joint...expect to pay a few more bucks - it's worth it.  I'm giving it 4 stars because it could go a bit further in ambiance.
<review# 2352,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2007,10/31/2007,441,626,6,5,8>I find it really hard to believe that Famous Deli has never been reviewed.It was the subject of articles several years ago for the caliber of their chicken salad sandwiches. They are delicious.Next time you need some Trojans and Doritos in San Rafael, do yourself a favor, duck in here and add a Chicken Salad on the house roll to your shopping list.
<review# 2353,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2006,10/30/2007,0,0,3,5,6>Did you expect to find authentic Chinese food in Sausalito?If so, you need to leave Sausalito immediately.  In a yuppie, yacht-y town such as this, the only authenticity you're bound to find is the little strip of paper running down the inside of a $100 bill.  Who comes to Sausalito for authentic ethnic food?Sure as hell not me, and after a long day of hiking, my friends and I were certainly only looking for something delicious that didn't negate the effects our hike.Enter Tommy's.  With its heaps of brown rice and fresh (organic!) vegetables, these non-greasy main courses (where vegetarians, meat-eaters, and seafood-lovers will be equally satisfied) aren't dripping with liquid excrements that will coat your veins and arteries.  Sure, maybe this isn't the city Chinese food you've grown to know and love, but c'mon - don't be so snobby!  Once again, you didn't come to Sausalito for "authentic," you came to Sausalito for delicious cuisine.  And that is exactly what Tommy's delivers.The atmosphere is fantastic for a casual dining experience, with a warm glow reminiscent of mom's house, post-supp.  Very intimate but not necessarily romantic, very inviting without being too informal.The wait staff is attentive, friendly, and - dare I say it? - adorable.  Be nice to them, and they'll treat you with courtesy and a bit of amusement.  Take it in; bougie boating town meets witty dining.  Bite it off, chew it, and swallow it, why dontcha?The best, best, BEST thing about Tommy's is that it won't break the bank.  Order up a dish per person and split the bill; you'll find yourself wondering how you ever managed to luck out with such a great meal and change for a $20 still left in your wallet.
<review# 2354,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2010,10/30/2011,44,33,,2,1>I really do not understand how anyone could have a bad experience at Faith. I've been going there with my friend for years for her tattoos and finally got my first one in April. All the guys are nice and professional, but also hilarious as well. They make you feel comfortable and are really easy to talk to. My friend gets all of her work done by Ben and he did mine as well. He's such a relaxed guy and definitely knowledgeable about what he's doing.I plan on going to Faith for all my tattoos for as long as I'm in Santa Rosa. It's a great place.
<review# 2355,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2011,10/29/2011,174,143,5,4,5>I'm pretty sure this is one of the best parks in Marin for kids under the age of 5. Tons of room to run, a special play area just for toddlers and a gorgeous view of Mt. Tam. Other parks we've explored have play structures that look cool and were clearly designed by people who don't have kids, but Memorial park seems to have really kept the little people in mind. My daughter can safely climb her way to the slide and I can get  to the bottom in time for her to brave the journey down. No strange people lurk about, and normally, this wouldn't bother me at all cause it takes all kinds to make up a world but with a small child, it's nice not to have to worry. A lot of our buddies live in the area and I love that there is a log cabin/bar at the edge, just in case of course, this mommy gets desperate for a beer, hehehe
<review# 2356,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2011,10/28/2011,147,287,4,7,5>Outstanding beers, tasty grub, fantastic abbey next door to see live music. 'nuff said!
<review# 2357,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2011,10/27/2011,103,359,3,4,3>This is really a great store.  When you walk in the store the selection of fine linens from France really knocks your socks off.  The store offers beautiful details to finish your home.  The table settings and glassware remind me of a designer show case home.  All things are reasonably priced for the beautiful finishing touches that make you house a home.  Carolyn T. the owner offers personal service that makes it a pleasure to shop at her store.
<review# 2358,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2011,10/26/2011,2595,287,2,10,5>I am astounded at this restaurant. I really would give it 10 stars if I could.Took my mom here for her birthday, and when I left the message for the reservation, I told them it was for her birthday. Upon arriving, they all wished her happy birthday without me even reminding them what the occasion was. Impressive.They sat us at a gorgeous table overlooking outside, the decor was quirky-European, and very classy, but non-pretentious. We were immediately served cold still water that was delicious. I told the waitstaff that I was gluten free, and we discussed what my options were. When they brought bread and home-made olive tapanade (to die for), they brought me veggie spears and home-made mozzarella saucers to dip into the tapanade. Wonderful quick thinking.My mom wanted a blini, which is prosecco with a blended peach in the bottom of the glass, but unfortunately they didn't have fresh peaches. They suggested a black currant prosecco drink, which she thought sounded perfect. It was blazing hot, so I ordered a mojito. Little did I know, my life in the realm of mojitos would change forever. BEST MOJITO OF MY LIFE. Hands down. Perfectly sweetened, very minty, deliciously cooling. Amazing. I remarked to the staff that wasn't it weird that the world's best mojito was not even at a Hispanic restaurant???The service was excellent, both of our dishes were wonderfully prepared; I had a chicken balsamic spinach salad with glazed pecans and sauteed onions, topped with goat cheese, and my mom had the salmon lunch, which was a delicately seared salmon filet over a pearl pasta with a marinara sauce.The real find of the day was the dessert. I was momentarily disappointing because on the website they say they have a flour-less chocolate dessert, but upon inquiring about  it, they told me they didn't have it anymore. We opted for the panna cotta, and WOW we weren't disappointed! Really is Sonoma County's best panna cotta without a doubt. Creamy, heavy, and satisfying, without the jello-set texture of the panna cottas of everyone else. It was like a dream on a plate. They put a candle in it, and our waiter recruited a singer on staff to bust out a solo rendition of Happy Birthday to my mom. Precious.I was even impressed with the kitchen and bathroom. The bathroom was immaculate, stocked with 5 different Italian-inspired hand lotions, and well decorated. The kitchen has an extremely large window you can see into in the walk-through, and the area is pristine.There is nothing I would have changed about this experience, it was just perfect. I left satisfied, very full, and excited to have this gem as another Sonoma County "find" I can go to for a wonderful dining experience.
<review# 2359,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2011,10/25/2011,33,49,1,6,2>I went there yesterday morning with my man. We got 2hrs each for $150. I gave them $200. Awesome massage. I saw Kay and even though she has been doing masage for only 2yrs, she was really good. I laughed, I cried I gave her a big hug. I was looking for thai massage in SR and this place came up. It was definitely not a thai massage at all. Hence, the name change to Kay's acupressure. It was an acupressure/deep tissue massage. I can't believe they only charge $40 per hr. Highly recommended and I will be back.  T said his massage was refreshing, invigorating and left him feeling very peaceful the rest of the day. *sigh*
<review# 2360,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2011,10/24/2011,15,26,1,3,4>I've gone here for years and years mostly with my young children and would consider Roxanne (chef/owner) and Albert (waiter/owner) family.  Albert is a cranky pants, he's very French and an acquired taste!  But he knows who he is and is shameless about it, and he has a heart of gold.I've taken my oldest daughter here since she was about 8 yrs old and now she's sixteen.  I used to take her and a girlfriend there every Friday night, then I'd take them to a movie.  It was a tradition that my wife would always arrange.  All of my kids absolutely love Roxanne, and are uncomfortable with Albert, they don't know what to make of him!We have always sat at the counter and Roxanne is simply put, an amazing person.  If you ever feel like it, stop in a handful of times.  If she's not too busy she'll definitely want to get to know you.  I stopped in there the other night for the first time in at least a year just to have a beer.  It was after they'd closed so she wasn't too busy.  She not only remembered the names of all five of my children but remembered what each of them was involved in and asked about them, and asked about our dog by name, who she's only met once!  (She's a major dog person)  She has an amazing memory and is a remarkable chef.  They have a very small menu and it changes little, but what she prepares is five star.When I walked in the other night, Albert was like, "What the f... are you doing here.  Get out of here, we're closed.".  So he has a very harsh, sarcastic sense of humor, but he would not accept payment for my beer (they've sometimes comped me full meals just to show their appreciation - maybe because he can't do it any other way!) and when I left the other night, he was sitting at a table talking with some customers, and yelled across the room, "We love you Thomas, it's so great to see you."I think the place (and Roxanne and Albert) is a jewel, truly a jewel and an asset to the town.  I'd like it and them to always be there.
<review# 2361,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2011,10/23/2011,0,33,,2,1>This is a great place to bring your bike when YOU want to fix it. I love the creative, educational, and experimental energy whenever I go in.I think membership is still $100 a year, and that will let you come in any time and use the tools in the shop to work on your bikes--and get instruction with anything you don't know how to fix.And if you really don't have time to fix it yourself, Jalani, Luke, Spoky, or another mechanic can do it for you for a fee, like most other bike shops.I've met some great people and had some excellent conversations while working with others fixing their bikes. The Bicycle Works is more than a bike shop: it's a community hub, a place to learn, and a place to volunteer if you're passionate about cycling. And it's certainly one of my favorite spots in all of Marin.
<review# 2362,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2011,10/22/2011,76,113,2,3,2>Anthony Costella is a great dentist.  It seems odd to use words like 'great' and 'dentist' in the same sentence, but there it is.Friends have been recommending him, he's been taking care of my mother for several years, and I finally had an emergency with a temporary crown that needed help.  They squeezed me in later that day, even though they are clearly busy.  This office has state-of-the-art computerized crown manufacturing equipment.  In an hour, he had photographed my problem, and *manufactured* a crown that fit perfectly.Costella himself is very sharp and knowledgeable in current dental state-of-the-art.  He does the little things right...he is courteous, he fit my crown in a way that accounted for a couple of days of tooth migration without the temp in place, he is a neat workman, he's personable, friendly, relaxed.  He is also a local Fairfax resident, and clearly loves the area.You can literally go into this office, and get a replacement porcelain crown in a short period of time.  No more temporaries, no more fitting problems.  They also have current digital x-ray equipment, a nice office with views of bamboo landscaping, and Barbara is a fine, helpful receptionist.It's worth mentioning that they are busy, with a lot of activity,.  Costella had a dental tech intern visiting -- a practice that I think is great -- plus there were patients, two receptionists, hygenists, techs.  So don't expect a dull visit with elevator music playing in an empty lobby.  A minor critique is that their online forms take a while to fill out, with a ton of required information.  It's actually faster to get there early and fill out the paper version, although online is convenient.I can't testify to their other kinds of care, cleaning, fillings, etc., but I had an awesome experience.  This is an upbeat place full of folks who genuinely love what they do, and do a really good job.
<review# 2363,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2011,10/21/2011,41,46,,5,3>I was invited to the "friends & family" soft opening this past Friday. We had had a late lunch so we decided to just try two small plates and a glass of wine. The first was a plate of fried shisto peppers which were cooked perfectly. The peppers had just the right amount of kick to them so as not to blow up your palette. We also tried the oyster mushroom "flat bread". I guess that is the term now for a small Neapolitan style pizza. Call it whatever you like this flat bread was fantastic. It maybe the best pizza crust in Napa and paired with the gooey cheese and mushrooms I was really happy with it!The staff was very friendly and working hard to learn the new routines. I wish them all the best. Napa needs more places with moderate price points and simple good quality. The only issue I have is you have to order at a counter then take a number and grab a seat. Maybe most people will not mind it but that type of service has always annoyed me. Again, best wishes to the new restaurant. Welcome to the neighborhood!
<review# 2364,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2011,3/25/2011,141,176,3,5,3>Still 5 stars, still stellar. Still, if I could, I'd give it 5+ stars.Brian and Meek are wonderful, really as are all the people that work here. I've been back again and again and again and I love it.I've eaten half the menu, then they change it! I've spoken with the chef, who even goes mushroom hunting and brings all kinds of (safe) exotic mushrooms in for soups and salads. They also grow a lot of the things they put in their dishes. So it tastes so wonderful.If you've not had a garden and eaten out of it, well, you may not know better. But I have and trust me, this taste is as good as it gets. And they have this taste here!And yes, we've joined the wine club and really I think I still stop by here at least once every other week if not more. And pick up wine. And eat some cheese.I can't say enough about this place. If you don't stop by, you are really missing out.Even if you're not a wine drinker, the food here is not to be missed.How many places can you say that every item you've had on the menu you've liked if not loved? Me? Well, very few places can I say that. But this place, certainly!
<review# 2365,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2009,3/23/2011,52,62,,6,2>We were recommended here by our outstanding vet, Dr. Grace Bransford at the Ross Valley Vet, as our 11 year old corgi has been losing mobility in his back leg and the diagnosis depended on a neurologist's expertise to determine if Degenerative Myelopathy (DM) was the culprit.  Dr. Lisa Klopp is new to The Sam's Clinic but her background preceded her as we heard great things about her from our vet.  Lisa  was an assistant professor at the University of Illinois-Champaign-Urbana and Colorado State University before she joined Sam's and is highly regarded neurosurgeon.The good news for us is that Riley doesn't need surgery, but the bad news is that he does indeed have DM, which is like muscular sclerosis in humans and will eventually lead to him needing a wheelchair to get around.  Thankfully, the Sam's Clinic also features physical therapy and we've been seeing physiologist Sarah Johnson to keep Riley strong and mobile for as long as possible.  Sarah is incredibly well versed on the latest techniques to keep your dog thriving.  Riley is currently receiving hydrotherapy treatments which involve both he and Sarah entering a huge tank filled with warm water that has a treadmill for a base.  Riley was a bit nervous about being in the treadmill tank so Sarah gently coaxed him by putting peanut butter on the glass in front of him, which totally distracted him and got him moving.I hope your dog stays healthy through all of his days, but if not, at least be comforted in knowing he'll receive the best care if he does need neurological, surgical or therapeutic treatments.
<review# 2366,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2010,3/22/2011,10,13,2,2,6>I'm a tough grader when it comes to nature. Chalk it up to growing up in the foothills of the Sierra Nevada if you like. As a result, I'm giving Ring Mountain a four star review. This isn't to say it's not gorgeous. In fact, I'd say you get five-star views. However, it's probably a three-star hike at best. I was driving by the other day and decided it had been a while since I hiked up for the views so I pulled over and headed to to top. I made it in less than 20 minutes...in my flip flops. Oh yeah, I'm hard-core like that. I really do love this place though. I just like a bit more oomph when I hike. It's a great place to soak in the beauty of Marin. Just don't expect a great workout.P.S. - Don't judge me for the photo. Like I said, the last trip was completely spur of the moment, and the camera on my phone is less than ideal. No f-stops?
<review# 2367,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2009,3/21/2011,8,22,,2,2>Super creative styling on all of these cakes, truly a master of design and pure art. This kind of talent does not go unrecognized!Delicious cake flavors, berries, frosting and filling........ These cakes are close to the top of my top 5-list for best Wedding cakes!I have seen and tasted many, many of these cakes, and the guests at the wedding always give high praise when the cake is served.You just can't go wrong here, it's all good.
<review# 2368,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2011,3/20/2011,423,254,4,4,3>Gloria Ferrer just keeps getting better and better. They are on a roll with very every release winning award after award the last 6 months; VA De Vi, the 2006 sparkling Rose, the 1999 Carneros Cuvee is awesome. (Over priced, hell no, its 1999, any idea how much thats costs?); the 2002 Royal Cuvee is awesome, and a steal. Even the widely available, inexpensive Non Vintage Sonoma Brut (my everyday house sparkling) continues to win wide accolades.They do also make good still wines; Pinot and Chard; designed to be paired with food, IMO.This is a popular venue on weekends, so try and start early; or as I do for other wineries this popular, perhaps drop in on a week day.They also hold great dinners, food pairing classes/events, and some great events during the year, the best being the Catalan Festival. (reviewed separately.) Oh, congrats on 25 years!
<review# 2369,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2010,3/19/2011,273,551,5,5,6>Pretty much everything is hoppy so this the place for me. I always resist the Racer 5 since I can get it anywhere and usually drink it at home every night. I love the Red Rocket Ale, XP Pale Ale. Really everything is great. Food is good. I usually just go for the beer. I also go on weekdays so its never really that busy. I am going for BBQ oysters on Tuesdays though after 3pm!Love Bear Republic, Love Hops!
<review# 2370,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2010,3/18/2011,108,294,4,3,5>Obviously whatever I have to say has already been said, what with me being review #500 and all.  So, guess it's just to reiterate, this place is fab. Expensive, but fab. Love the atmosphere.444444444444444444444444444444444444444­44444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444­44444444444444444444444444444444444r (Oops, sorry about that there. The dog was super excited about my 4 star review and decided to show his enthusiasm by putting his face on the keyboard.)Love the spicy tuna rolls. Unlike any other ST rolls I've had before.Love love love.Maybe another round will bring it up to 5 stars...? We shall see.
<review# 2371,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2010,3/17/2011,248,493,13,13,15>It was a lunch date,at the best spot in townPeople lined up from all aroundTaken by the Best Blond friend a Girl has ever found,Sol Food is WHERE to get your grub on.Hands DOWN.A Sauteed Garlic Prawn Salad was the order of the day,but they have sweet and savory plantains - hey!An order of those and a veggie sandwich pleaseTo wait with others already eating was such a tease.The food came out, fast, hot and freshThat's how I describe myself...but I digress.There was want of nothing, the flavors clean and bright. Just like the venue, I swear I dreamed of it that night.There's so much to chose from and I'm not exaggerating when I say it's ALL good.If you live near here, you know - you're in a great Foodie Neighborhood!
<review# 2372,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2010,3/16/2011,59,115,1,10,4>Finally, someone lives up to the fine pho standards of Pho Vietnam! I ate lunch at this new Asian Fusion (Vietnamese, Chinese and Korean)restaurant today and was delighted. The decor is upscale, warm and inviting, especially considering its spot in this JC-area strip mall. I was greeted and seated as soon as I entered, a menu and water were quick to follow. I ordered the #20, pho tai, and was served not long after. The service was attentive and considerate without being intrusive.The pho was excellent, with a hearty broth smelling strongly of cloves (note:  If clove is not your thing, this broth might not be for you, although once I adjusted the soup to my taste it was balanced perfectly, it's simply a matter of taste); a perfect ratio of meat/noodles/broth; and all the appropriate accoutrement (fresh bean sprouts, hot green peppers, lime wedge and basil, with rooster and hoisin sauces on the table). The beef was tender and sliced thin and rare, as it should be. Frankly I have been continually disappointed by the pho in Sonoma County, the exceptions being Pho Vietnam (kings of pho), My Ha and the short-lived Pho and Grill. Goji Kitchen makes the cut with ease.I can't wait to go back and try their Chinese food, it also looked and smelled delicious! The price was slightly higher than Pho Vietnam, but then the decor was a lot nicer too. The seating is plentiful as well, with 2, 4 and 8 tops available, would be great for a group lunch considering that and the diverse menu.
<review# 2373,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2011,3/15/2011,580,241,10,7,6>I love a big weiner.Give me a hot, juicy sausage, and you'll have a happy lady on your hands.Lately, I've made an effort to check out my new neighborhood, of Downtown San Rafael. Fourth street and the like have a lot to offer in terms of small businesses bursting with libations and delicious treats.I myself was in the mood to suck down a hot slab of well-seasoned beef.Wandering into this hole in the wall I wasn't sure what to expect.A hot dog, sausage place that also offers pupusas ? That could prove to be scary.Playing it safe, ( it is always important to be safe whilst dealing with sausage, ladies) I ordered the standard frank.I was pleasantly surprised !The quality of meat and freshness of bread, as well as the selection of toppings, ( pickle, jalapeno etc)  was slightly impressive.The service was friendly, if slightly slow and the variety of menu ( chili dogs, sausage, hamburgers etc) warrants another recent trip.All in all my craving for a plump sausage was satisfied.Now if only all dry spells were this easy to cure *sigh*
<review# 2374,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2007,2/17/2008,410,212,3,6,9>Marin is almost like a second home to me and after having spent so much time dining all around the area for the past few years, I never had the chance to try Pearl's Burgers until a few days ago.  For a Mill Valley restaurant, Pearl's Phatburgers isn't as nice as I thought it would be.  It feels like a diner, almost cafeteria-like (styrofoam cups included!).  From the 2 "specialty" burgers I tasted (Teriyaki and Bula Burger), Pearl's doesn't do them all that well and I would avoid ordering "specialty burgers" unless I was at Barney's Gourmet Hamburgers.  I would highly suggest ordering their signature "Phat Burgers" -- simple is best.  The garlic fries ($2.60) and milkshakes ($3.15) are appetizing and taste very "homemade."  Pearl's also offers "mini" burgers (starting at $3.45) and are the perfect size for me.    The staff is friendly and accommodating, considering it is consisted of high school boys.
<review# 2375,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2008,2/16/2008,81,61,1,7,5>the sunday morning tour is casual and informative- a great glimpse into the past, present and hopeful future of the art of fine ceramics and stoneware.post tour, you can shop the seconds and thirds in the factory store, swim though a sea of overstock tiles and nab some great deals in the clearance section.i walked away with a slightly imperfect aubergine platter that matched one my mother has owned for years. (side note: as i was buying the platter, i commented that my mother had a round serving platter in the same exact color, and how it must be Heath and i had never realized. every employee in the shop swore up and down that it was not a color that they had ever really produced, and was just an experiment or a mistake in the glaze. i drove straight to mom's house, and sure 'nuff, the round platter is also Heath, and the glaze matches exactly.) truly a fun way to spend a sunday morning!
<review# 2376,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2008,2/15/2008,701,677,4,2,6>I've never officially been diagnosed, but I'd be willing to bet that on some level, I'm an eensy weensy teeny bit OCD / ADD / Type A...or some variation thereof.I walk into The Container Store yesterday on a mission to find functional, yet stylish containers for under the bed.  I end up coming out with some rad little canvas boxes, hangers, mop holders, drawer organizers, shelf organizers...and more!The staff was so incredibly helpful and nice.  I love it here.  In fact, I even ordered an Elfa wall system for my living room.   It may sound crazy to a non-OCD person why any of this uber-organization is even remotely necessary.  But when you open your underwear drawer and see everything neatly folded and packed away into little compartments, it does make you sigh with pleasure.  The pleasure only a well organized drawer can give you.
<review# 2377,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2007,2/14/2008,36,65,2,8,5>Yeah, yeah, I hear what all of the other reviewers are saying but how great this place is for toddlers and kids a little older. But, come on, admit that taking a kid there is a great excuse to enjoy playing with all of the fun toys yourself! I have a 22 month-old niece and this place rocks for both of us! The toddler area with the little stream and fake fish and frogs is so fun, I almost should have worn a waterproof smock myself! Then, you go inside and there's a little cave with stuffed animals crawling in and out, so fun to go in there like the old days when you used to build forts! It's a little creepy that because when you're inside you have to take your shoes off and some people are walking around barefoot, but then again, this is San Francisco!My other favorite area, I think my niece liked it too, was the sunken ship with the buried treasures. It was great to see her use a broom and find things under the sand!We didn't spend a lot of time in the craft area, it was pretty crowded, but they had several different activities in there for kids of all ages. Especially cool was that you can paint on glass that's hung on the wall. We did try this and it may explain my niece's new found love of drawing on the walls at home...I think I'm getting blamed for that!And, there's usually a different activity going on over the weekend. When we were there they had a wheelchair basketball game, something you don't get to see a lot and that kids of all ages, including me, can be interested in.The location is great, just a quick ride over the GG Bridge, and there's plenty of parking. The view across the bay is awesome, too, so if you just wanted to bring a picnic and walk down to the water it's a good place for lunch.I can't wait to go back, I've got to kidnap my niece again! Oh, and if a family has a yearly pass pretty much anyone can get in with it, so you save some bucks there.
<review# 2378,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/20/2008,2/13/2008,579,967,1,6,6>Absolutely starving and roaming around Marin County, slightly lost.  That's me.  I don't take many out-of-town guests around to see SF so when I took a friend around and I suggested the Marin area, I probably should have planned a bit better. After going to Muir Woods, we ended up in Sausalito instead of Tiburon, which was my initial plan.  Since we were running late, hadn't eaten all day and were craving seafood, we did a Yelp Mobile search for seafood in Sausalito...and up came reviews of Spinnaker!  So, yes, I think it is part tourist trap and part old school restaurant.  But the reason why it's a tourist trap is because of the amazing views - the views are great, and we even saw sea lions swimming around.  Just about every seat in there seems to be good, and we got a table right in front of the window.  The restaurant is definitely old school from the waiters' "outfits" (I prefer outfits to uniforms) to the old school microphone that they use to call out names.My friend and I ordered the crab cakes to start, and I ordered the crab linguine while she had the sauteed sea bass.  The crab cakes were good but fried seafood is typically good!  I was a bit disappointed by the crab linguine: the texture of the crab linguine was a bit odd.  I was expecting chunks of crab, but the crab was almost shredded, so I could barely taste the flavor of it (maybe that had more to do with the sauce?).  The place is certainly pricey - $10 for the appetizers and $19 for my entree - but you are paying for the real estate/view.  On the plus side: If you're eating at a weird time (like lunch at 3:30 p.m.), they are serving all day.  They serve the dinner menu after 3 p.m. which is a bit of a bummer, but I guess that's for all of those people who are trying to catch the early bird special (there isn't really an early bird special - just a saying!).
<review# 2379,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2008,2/12/2008,66,220,7,9,10>So what do you do when you're hungry after a day of driving around Marin, and are getting tired of the frou-frou, the chic, the cutesy-kitsch? You go to the Buckeye Roadhouse. So what do you do when you find out that the Roadhouse, completely contrary to it's name, is NOT a bastion of maniless with short-tempered short-order cooks, overweight waitresses, and cheap bottled beer, but rather a finely appointed restaurant with a menu put together by a proper chef?You pretend to be surprised. Then, to your actual surprise, you order a salad. And much to your continued surprise, you like it.  A lot.I forget what my companions ordered; they were covetous of my selection anyway. Which is not to say they didn't each clean their plates. The House Smoked Chicken salad reminded how good a salad can be. I need to get back someday to try out a few more selections. I never had reason to expect so much from a roadhouse!
<review# 2380,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2007,2/11/2008,160,346,2,8,9>This is one of the few places out there that deserves 6 stars.I've been coming here since I was a kid and thank god it's still around.  How many candy stores let you take as many free samples as you want?  How many offer barrels and barrels of old fashioned candy at cheap kid-on-allowance prices?  How many have the friendly gentleman behind the counter who has been there for years and years and who treats every customer, no matter how jaded, as if they were his own grandchild?I love this place.
<review# 2381,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2007,2/10/2008,120,313,4,5,5>Years ago this guy I knew described Fairfax to me as "a little hippie town".  Until today I had never actually gone anywhere in Fairfax, but every time I'd drive by it on Sir Francis Drake on my way to Point Reyes I'd be all "Aw, look at the little hippie town.  So cute."So today I was on a hike with a guy who could not stop raving about the ice cream at Fairfax Scoop.  Intrigued, I got directions and stopped by after the hike.  It's a small shop and the line was out the door - you know that means it's good!  When I got in line, the guy in front of me turned around and beamed and said "Isn't this a great day for ice cream?"  Indeed.  The line moved fairly slowly, but that's OK because it gave me time to read the signs in the shop, like the FAQs explaining why certain flavors are available at certain times or not at all.  They clearly have a commitment to being green, like the signs asking that you use a metal spoon if you're eating in.I ordered a cone with a scoop of Chocolate Hazelnut and a scoop of Tomales Bay Strawberry.  I rarely order strawberry ice cream, but something about putting the words "Tomales Bay" in front of it made it impossible to resist.  The ice cream was great, as was the waffle cone - inside the shop you could small the cones baking.  Very reasonably priced, too - just $2.35, a bargain compared to some other fancy ice cream shops.  Take note: these hippies have some interesting math.  On a "one scoop" cone you can order 1-2 flavors.  On a "two scoop" cone you can order up to four flavors.  Four flavors on one cone?  Awesome!   Next time I go there I am totally doing it.  What the hell, nobody knows me in Fairfax.
<review# 2382,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2007,2/9/2008,52,31,,6,8>This book store is a treasure to Marin County. I have seen my favorite authors speak here--they get big name authors to visit and speak in an intimate setting.  You will never get as close to your authors as you will here.  Their book selection is superb--and if they happen to not have it, they will order it for you, and it arrives fast!  Their in-store cafe also offers a nice option to take in a hot chocolate while browsing a possible purchase.  In an age of fast-growing mega-chain stores, stores like Book Passage are unfortunately a dying breed.  I am so thankful that they are here.
<review# 2383,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2007,2/8/2008,23,18,6,7,9>This is straight up THE BEST FOOD you can get (that I know of) in the entire bay area. This may be because it is so different from anything else you are probably used to after eating in this area for a while. They are amazing. I have eaten here probably 30 times since I've been working in Marin and EVERY SINGLE thing that I have tried has been absolutely delicious. The price is very reasonable and the service is great. The only complaint is that it is slightly too small and not enough room, but that is simply because it is so overwhelmingly popular. Also this is not so much of a problem because for some reason it is usually packed with hot chicks!! I don't know if it is just because hot women like spicy food or that hot women like to dress up and go grab something to eat where it is packed and they can show off how good they look in their outfits to more people. But I'm not going to worry about that now. I'm trying to talk about Sol Food. They opened another location only 2 blocks from the first one and already, even though that one is at least twice the size, it is still impossibly packed all the time. It's just so good and everyone loves it. Their home made hot sauce is insanely good and they sell it in soda bottles for 10 bux. If you give me 100 bucks I'll drink one.
<review# 2384,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/3/2011,2/3/2012,248,493,9,8,8>So, the food is good. It's not great. It's not life changingly tasty, but it is a solid little place for good, good food.IF, however, I were to write a review for the Grappa Girl alone - 5 stars, no contest.I wasn't even sure what Grappa was, turns out lemoncello is a part of and who doesn't love that lemony liquor?She was so vibrant that I felt like I wanted to know everything there was to know and I wanted to live in Tuscany and I wanted to make wine and Grappa and drink it and make it and drink some more and run my fingers through Ricardo's hair (he's the grape specialist) and wear loose tops that fall over my shoulder and kerchiefs and long skirts...but.I digress.For starters we got the cheese plate, which had a nice little selection of cows and goats milk cheeses - our favorite was the goat with the honeyed truffle drizzle.Roasted Beet Salad and the Salad Special of the night were next, both were nicely dressed and had good flavor.Next Black Pepper Fazzoletti with mushroom onion ragout, fresh truffled rocotta, garden herbs - very nice, but very rich and we were glad we all shared.Special Pizza of the night was tomato based with fresh mozzarella, pearl onions - this was simple, but had good flavor and the crust had a nice chew.Individual Pear Cake, Gelato with mini biscotti and fresh Zeppoli, the desserts were where it was at. All with great flavor, never too sweet and such light texture and freshness, made me decide that this was a place to skip perhaps the mains and come for the last course and definitely at least a flight of Grappa.The food was not plain by any means, but simple with harmonizing flavors in a nice atmosphere, though with all this niceness, the price being that of greatness, we were left feeling a little too light in the wallet.I really can't say enough about the staff. They are beyond accommodating, smiles all around and certainly there to please.
<review# 2385,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2011,2/2/2012,56,72,5,9,6>Boys and girls, this is the definitive boutique winery. I know a thing or two about wine making and all the process engineering behind it; I didn't hesitate to ask the hard questions during their appointment-only tours. The fact that the winery's owners fund their business by building particle-accelerators for research institutions says a lot. It hooked me and and kept me there the entire time. Subtle details such as bottle labels and winery layout placemats generated in AutoCAD are not easily forgotten. It's a wine production facility that, in the most fundamental sense, mimics a modern biotech manufacturing plant. Technology and nerdism aside, Hendry's Vineyard and Winery's intimate tasting was hands-down, the best I've had. + Technologically-sound facility+ The owners know their stuff, for real+ Small and intimate tour groups+ Best tasting I've had
<review# 2386,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2011,2/1/2012,506,1141,5,5,5>Great location - you can't miss this restaurant in Fairfax. It is quite popular as we had to put our names down and went next door to grab a glass of wine. They have standard Italian fare (pastas, meats, appetizers). The most interesting part of this experience was the hunks of Parmesan cheese that our server presented to us carved right out of the huge cheese chunk and the gummi bears and animal cookies at the end of the meal. My spaghetti and meatballs were delicious, but I could have used more sauce.
<review# 2387,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2011,1/31/2012,250,724,5,7,6>Beautiful beach in a tucked away area. Its incredibly close to San Francisco, and a great place to take a day trip. It has tons of cliffs above the beach that are easy to get to and provide a great place to hang out if you don't want to sit down on the water. Its located off the beautiful coastal HWY 101 - which winds around the edge of the ocean. Its a little scary if you aren't a fan of heights! This beach was clean, the people were friendly, and we had no problem finding parking in the lot, which is pretty large for a public beach.
<review# 2388,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2011,1/30/2012,205,318,6,11,6>I think I have found my calling in life - to open safari east.  This place is amazing, I loved it, you actually feel like you are in a safari driving around in an open jeep and the views are amazing. 400+ acres of open land sectioned off into different areas for various animals. Maybe we got lucky but we saw a ton of active animals: zebra, antelope, rhino, sheep, buffalo, eland, cheetah, impala, oryxm, waterbuck. We also saw a baby zebra (so fuzzy), baby giraffe (still 6 ft tall) and baby wildebeast. You can tell the animals aren't stressed out and seem to be comfortable with the jeeps coming by. You get really close to the animals, if I put my hand out of the car I could have touched a zebra. They breed here, that is how they make their real money so they have some good looking animals that are well groomed and fed. Check out the masai giraffes, they are beautiful; there are only 80 in the country and this place has 3.  This place was so much fun, great for kids, adults, anyone really. You'll get cretivity points for bringing someone on a date here and you can go to calistoga for lunch after and visit some wineriesCouple pointers on how to maximize your experience:-Take the morning tours (9am). The animals are more active in the morning before it gets really warm out-This is the best time of year to go so try and go by the end of oct if you can-Sitting on top of the jeep is the best view but they rotate people if more than 4 want to sit up there. You basically want to sit up top for the giraffes as sometimes they will get right up close to you or try to lick you. Figure out if your car is seeing the giraffes first or last and based on that try to strategically get yourself a top seat. If you are sitting below, sit in the back row-Bring zoom lenses. There are quite a few distance shots - think 55 - 200mm lens-Our tour took over 3 hours, possibly because everyone in our car wouldn't stop talking but nonetheless give yourself some extra time, they advertise its 2.5 hours-It's a little chilly in the mornings, bring a jacket. They give blankets out but they are dirty
<review# 2389,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2011,1/26/2012,58,161,5,7,6>Had a truly spectacular meal here with some girlfriends last night.  Make reservations because this place is teeny, and even on a Tuesday night we could only reserve a table at 6 PM.  The decor is crisp and clean in a country bistro sort of way rather than a severe modern one and the entire restaurant is essentially a galley so tables are pretty close.  Even still, the restaurant manages to be cozy enough that we felt like we had our own intimate space.I love love love the menu here.  Everything is rustic and simple, nothing is overly contrived and complex and the ingredients all stand on their own.  We all tried the hand-made mozzarella salad and the mixed green salad.  The mozzarella was perfect.  Rich, creamy, amazing texture, salty and delicious.  Mixed greens...well they're mixed greens, and every once in awhile grown women need to eat their vegetables.  Both of my friends ordered the special that evening which was a pasta carbonara, creamy, salty, rich and intense - exactly what a carbonara should be.  I ordered the fettuccine with rock shrimp, broccoli rabe, calabrian chiles, and anchovy gremolata and ate every single morsel.  This dish was wildly complex, bitter, spicy, salty, acidic...each ingredient held its own flavor profile and every bite was just a little different.  Absolutely loved it.
<review# 2390,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2010,1/24/2012,3,5,,3,1>Being a HUGE fan of a great burrito, my girlfriend and I have a lot fun trying out new Mexican food places to find out who has the best burrito...We think we found it! I had the carne asada super burrito and also had some super nachos with the ground beef. The ground beef was AMAZING and chips were nice and crisp. What I fell in love with though was the Carne Asada... Thick flavorful carne asada stuffed the burrito to the brim, while the guacamole, spanish rice, and all other standards for a super burrito somehow had a more distinct flavor.We will definitely be making many more trips here!
<review# 2391,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2011,1/23/2012,0,25,1,3,2>BEST TAQUERIA EVER!!I often drive from Rohnert Park to here just for lunch.  They have the best california burrito in Sonoma County hands down.
<review# 2392,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2011,1/22/2012,90,177,1,3,4>Mike's been my family's machanic for years. He rules. He knows his stuff and hooks it up. Gives great deals, doesn't rip you off with unreal parts and labor prices. He's just the man. Just do yourself a favor, go Oliver Automotive or go home.
<review# 2393,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2010,1/21/2012,5,8,,1,1>The Best sandwiches in town! So creative and delicious! I recommend  the Salsalito! Spicy Goodness! The Picazo Party and Lemon Chicken are outstanding as well!  Don't wait to get over there!
<review# 2394,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2014,7/18/2014,16,95,2,4,3>I started the Kaia fit program in Petaluma 4 weeks ago. There are many places to workout in Novato but the idea of being women only was nice. When I say women only, I don't mean like Curves women only. I mean women that are strong, youthful and fun. So the fact that I drive from Novato to Petaluma for my workouts should say a lot. The coaches are fantastic. Caitlin and Nicole push me to try harder every class. On my first day I couldn't do a push up. I thought I was going to throw-up and die. 4 weeks later and not only can I do the push-up but I can do Kaia Builders. The owner Alma is fantastic. She is always available to ask questions or for support. At the end of week 2 I was feel discouraged and she was able to help me stick with the program. I have gone from weak, lazy and depressed to strong, active and happy because of their workouts and guidance in diet. Thank you KaiaFit!!!!
<review# 2395,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2014,7/17/2014,742,648,4,9,8>Tip: Make a reservation on the busy weekends or you'll have to wait a while. However they have an amazing outdoor lounge and bar area.I was floored at how amazing the service was here. From the second we stepped into the restaurant until the time we left we were treated like valuable and important guests. We entered through the side door and waiter came over who I thought he was going to tell us to go around to the front but instead held the door for us while directing us to the host area. Its stuff like that which scores huge with me.So R+D is owned by Hillstone which operates other upscale eateries around the US including Houston's (fuck-yeah-French Dip) and Bandera just to name a few. So yes you're eating at a chain but no this isn't the OG, far from it. Think modern beautiful decor, polished service and beautiful food. Some chains actually do things right and Hillstone is definitely one of them. By the way, Bouchon is also a chain. I'm still trying to figure out the menu concept here as it's kind of all over the place. You have sushi, sandwiches, salads and entrees. Everything we had was tasty but I think it's a little strange that the menu is so random. But thinking about Hillstone and Houston's the menus are sort of like that too. In fact after some cross checking R+D even shares some of the same menu items as their sister restaurants like the Tabbouleh and the Thai Steak and Noodle Salad. See what I mean, kind of random.Let's talk about the food we ate. Deviled Eggs - Anytime I see these on a menu I order them, no questions asked.  To me my mom makes some of the best deviled eggs Ive ever had until I tried those at Bouchon (sorry mom) so I have to say the bar is set pretty high.  The R+D version had a great texture but for me there was just to much yellow mustard flavor. I'd probably take a pass on these next time. Tabbouleh - Ive had this salad so many times at various middle eastern restaurants and while I like it the grain to parsley ratio varies drastically.  I prefer heavy grain and lots of olive oil which is exactly how R+D does it.  They also added some fresh corn which was so sweet and crunch adding another level of flavor and texture. Order this.Crunchy Shrimp Roll - Immediately you think that this roll is going to have fried shrimp.  While it did have shrimp the crunch actually came from little pieces of macadamia nut.  The roll was delicious but more importantly, delicious considering this isn't exactly a sushi restaurant. Thai Tuna Roll - You know what kills me?  I can not for the life of me remember how this one was.  Yeah, it was that good.  It wasn't bad, just nothing memorable, literally. Flat Iron Steak - Perfectly medium rare and covered in a gorgeously fresh and deliciously bright chimchuri sauce, this was one great steak.  I think I would have rather had a baked potato with my steak but sadly R+D doesn't even offer one.Tip: be sure to order a side of their spicy mayo to dip your fries in! Beef Ribs - So I kept smelling something amazing but couldn't put my finger on it.  Finally I asked out waiter what that mouth watering smell was, beef ribs.  Smokey, tender, saucy and falling off the bone tender these were some of the tastiest beef ribs Ive had in a long time. The ribs even came with a little ceramic pitcher of their pungent bbq sauce which I couldn't help sticking a beef bone into and savoring the flavors. I'm pretty sure this was a mustard based sauce. Yep, I was sucking on a rib bone and I liked it.Tip: The parking here was really bad around 5-6pm on a Saturday night. They have a massive public lot but its also shared with other restaurants and a hotel. We parked down the street on the side of the road and had about a 5 minute walk. When we left at around 8 there was plenty of parking in the public lot.
<review# 2396,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2014,7/16/2014,765,333,5,10,7>New Vietnamese in Marin- yes!A fantastic selection of pan-Asian cuisine offerings including Chinese, Japanese, and now Vietnamese!! *this review is for Vietnamese only.VIETNAMESE I can't get enough of French Vietnamese food...the vibrant flavors, beautiful use of produce, subtle heat, and market fresh crunch - I want it all of the time.  When I'm eating meat, I especially love those properly marinated and grilled atop a bountiful bowl of veggies. When I'm not feeling too hot, I always feel better with an amazing bowl of pho.  And, if I had to eat only one salad in life, it would be green papaya with shrimp.  I'm ecstatic that now I can get Vietnamese even when my family is ordering Japanese or Chinese from the same establishment! VIETNAMESE COFFEE W/ MILKI love Vietnamese coffee because it's strong and full of chicory.  My coffee was a little too strong here, but I enjoyed it!  Too strong because it kept me up. GRILLED BEEF & PRAWN BOWL#33 is my jam right now.Perfectly sliced and marinated beef skewered meat grilled to perfection along side perfectly grilled shrimp - never over cooked.  My vermicelli noodles are never sticky even before I pour the sauce on them and the fresh mint, basil, cilantro and roasted peanuts pop everything off.  It was so good for lunch, I actually wanted a repeat for dinner.  Of course, I waited a few days but I did come back a few more times for the same thing.  Soon, I'll deviate and try the green papaya salad and pho...working my way through the menu.  For now, I can strongly recommend the #33.BOTTOM LINEThis is my second favorite spot to eat Vietnamese right now -- the first is in SF which isn't close enough these days. TIP: sit where you want and order all over the restaurant, because you can.
<review# 2397,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2014,7/15/2014,25,96,2,4,4>This review is for the restaurant at LMR called Farmstead. They have an awesome outside patio bar with a huge wood burning fireplace. There is tons of hightop and loungey couch seating. They offer a full menu on the bar patio, which is great because I had my dog with me. They very graciously offered him a small bowl of water on this hot 100 degree day. There is plenty of shade on the patio. This is a super casual restaurant. Shorts are acceptable. How do I describe the food. Hmm maybe the most gourmet farm food you'll ever try. They love to put eggs with everything. Their potted pig is a version of pate. The donuts are lavender honey, carmel turtle, and some other exotic creation. The food ranges from farm fresh caramelized beet salad to smoked BBQ ribs. They have a great made from scratch cocktail list along with a very extensive wine list. If you want to bring someone from out of town to a real local feeling restaurant that captures the essence of California farm fresh to you cuisine bring them here. You can't go wrong. The tasting room is in a separate stand along building that actually looks like the original farm house - my bet it is. There is plenty of parking. Enjoy!
<review# 2398,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2014,7/14/2014,184,265,,3,2>Sam's the best!We adopted our Jiji kitty boy, who was then-named Spunky, through her and have since been taking him back on occasion for little "domestic vacations" whenever we have to go out of town. Honestly, you will not find a better and more trustworthy person to care for your animal. I trust Sam more than my own parents, future in-laws, and closest friends to take care of our little guy. She's a total cat expert and I probably text/email her more often than I should with ridiculous cat-mom questions ("Should he be making that noise?", etc). When my fiancee and I go on our honeymoon for two weeks this upcoming fall, I know Jiji will be safe, sound, and (most importantly) HAPPY for two weeks with his former foster mama.Don't go to a kennel or a commercial cat boarding business. Your kitties will be in a safe and happy home with toys, interaction, treats, and cuddles!
<review# 2399,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2014,7/13/2014,66,73,1,2,2>My local favorite and "go to".Great bands and affordable prices and good sound too.Beautiful inside, you can take a seat in the balcony, on the floor or do a little dancing in front of the stage.  The crowd is always nice, drinks are good and you never have to wait in line too long. Clean bathrooms....definitely a PLUS!
<review# 2400,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2014,7/12/2014,34,237,,3,3>This place is swanky yet causal at the same time which is fun. My quail dish was ridiculously tasty and I was pleasantly surprised because I have never had anything like it. Quail wrapped in bacon stuffed with green chorizo and egg seriously wow! The crispy sweetbreads were not exactly crispy and I wasn't a huge fan of the combination of mushroom, huckleberries and parsnip. The hubby seemed to enjoy it, so maybe it was just me? The duck two ways was good. Everything was beautifully plated and interesting. Coffee was smooth and tasty.Overall the ambiance is cozy and our waitress was kind. The food is a bit on the pricey side for the portions, but the combos are interesting. I felt like it was worth it and I would go back.
<review# 2401,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2014,7/11/2014,5,4,,4,3>Our first time at L'appart with a Chef's recommendation.  We were not let down.  The menu isn't extensive but very select and fantastic.  We started with the Squash Blossoms stuffed with shrimp...Oh my!  My entree was the Duck Confit and a side of the best (French and Belgians know how to cook them best) french fries ever.  My partner was very satisfied with the Chicken dish.  Do not forget the dessert and wine!  We are brewers but had two wonderful glasses of a Bordeaux.
<review# 2402,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2014,7/10/2014,31,59,,9,3>We live very close to Prabh and had not tried it yet. Out of town guests were Jonesing for Indian so we called to see if they were still open since it was rather late on Sunday evening. They graciously invited us to come in.First of all, the place is stunning, sparkling and inviting. Do NOT let the stairs out front daunt you. Upon arrival we were greeted warmly by the staff. This was appreciated at it was late, as I said and, we were the only diners. They had lit the fire for us and turned the table to advantage, in front of it so we would feel cozy. It was.The food, from the samosas and several sauces to the chana masala and alu gobi and naan (OMG) was just superb. This is very refined food, with top quality ingredients, at surprisingly reasonable prices. We will be regulars. Again, the staff could not have been more gracious, the food could NOT have been better and, we know Indian food. We are grateful to have it in the hood!!!!
<review# 2403,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2014,7/9/2014,0,50,2,5,3>This is solid, go-to fast food. The burger is juicy with more flavor than you'll find anywhere else in Petaluma. The fries are the thick yet crunchy-outside kind I love and the coleslaw is delicious, not too sweet. For $1,80 you can add the sides, fries & cole slaw, to your meal. That's a great deal. Your food is being cooked to order, so sit down and be patient, but it's well worth your time. The kids working behind the window are sweet and courteous. PS If you want to make your children's eyes light up just get them one of the old-fashioned frosty cones dipped in chocolate.
<review# 2404,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2008,1/28/2008,67,108,,5,4>We got our sweet Reggie the Himalayan a few years ago and he's as happy as can be.  Thanks Wanda...for allowing us to bring him home and love him.  Keep up the good work!Please adopt from Wanda instead of buying your kitty through a breeder.  These kitties are just as lovable as any cat you can buy.  You won't be disappointed.
<review# 2405,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/27/2007,1/27/2008,441,626,6,6,6>My buddy was extremely late to lunch, so after an unneeded espresso drink I was left with nothing more than the menu to entertain me.From that experience I took away two bits of information that effect this review:1. The Dipsea is overpriced. The food's good, but 12 bucks for a turkey melt?2. Neither of the owners of the Dipsea have ever run the Dipsea. For some reason that doesn't sit well with me.The food is good, but not great and the service is friendly.  There are many other places to eat in the world.
<review# 2406,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2008,1/26/2008,42,103,7,7,6>Yay for finally finding someone who can cut my hair properly. I have been going to Sasha for over a year now and not only is she rad as a human being, but she takes well to direction. Sorry, that sounded bitchy, but if you're paying a fair amount for a haircut, you need to find someone who will listen and understand (I mean, YOU are paying, after all). But anyway, Sasha listens and understands and as long as I am living, working or have some connection to Marin, I will continue to go to her. Unless she leaves, of course. But still, that's not the point. Plus, everyone who works there seems happy, thus emanating a good vibe and making the whole experience much nicer.
<review# 2407,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2007,1/25/2008,175,39,1,9,9>The classes are only held Tuesday and Thursday nights at 6pm-7pm .  I wish there were more classes, but I get the feeling that they haven't publicized the classes enough to make it worthwhile to offer more.  Maybe if more people start coming I'll get my wish.I've taken Yoga at just about every place in Marin, and this is one of my favorites.  The teacher Elizabeth Shelhart is wonderful.  I really enjoy the variety of poses and the flow of the class.  Even though some of the poses are too advanced for me, the teacher always explain how to modify to my level.The environment is perfect.  It is quiet, and the natural log cabin surrounding actually makes you feel like you are in nature.  The room is big with vaulted Redwood log ceilings to stare at while on your back. The lights are really dim as well.  The other thing I really like about these classes is that they are small and the people that frequent the classes get to know eachother, it really feels like a supportive community environment.Oh yeah and the classes are only $12!
<review# 2408,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2008,1/24/2008,219,291,1,3,4>I use to work accross the street at the Bridgeview complex. That being said, there is not much to eat in this area, but Tommy's was my favorite! I no longer work in the area, but if given the chance I'll drop by to order the Kung Pao Chicken. I don't really like KP Chicken, but for what ever reason I love their's. It's made with chicken breast, which I don't usually care for much, but it's pounded down so each bite is buttery soft. The KP sauce is delicious and it comes with a side of rice pancakes. O gawd, my mouth is watering... I wish they delivered to the East Bay. BTW, they have a small outdoor eating area that is dog friendly!
<review# 2409,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2007,1/23/2008,415,316,2,8,7>Mezzo Mezzo... is MARVI MARVI as in Marvelous.....  pretty much says it all... but I have to tell you my story.  This place is truly a 5 star wonder in my sexy hometown of San Rafael.. a delight for anyone who lives out of Marin.. come on over you San Fran people and see what we have to offer...I have always been so jealous when I read the San Fran reviews you have so many wonderful places to pick from.My friend and I decided on Friday to meet there for dinner.  We arrived and they had a nice table set up and reserved for the two us.. I ordered a glass of wine and they brought us a nice selection of olives and waters, and our wine...  Chris our waiter (who is very cute by the way) came over and told us all of their specials... they actually had a wonderful selection of specials... so much in fact hard to choose fromSoooooooo my first choice was a selection of two soups...  half the bowl had a wonderful perfectly tasty and luscious  cream of spinach and the second side was equally luscious cream of tomato ......  and topped with fresh slice of Parmiggiano... PO all the way... (in case you don't know what a PO it is a (Palate Orgasms).  My friend had their cream of Parmiggiano soup.... Ohhhh another PO.. I had way too many PO's that night...Then I ordered the Rack of Lamb which on their menu is called Cutuletti Mezzu MezzuLamb Mezzo Mezzo, Rack of Lamb, Porcini, Pine Nuts.  It is served with a delightful mashed orange squash and also with wonderful selections of vegetables that are perfectly done in a red tomato sauce....   My friend ordered their selection of Fried Fish which on their menu is called, Frittu Mistu Taumminisi, Assorted Fried Fish Shrimp, Calamari, Sardines, Mussels with the same selection vegetables and squash that I had..... ohhhhh my to die for...Now comes the best part...  when it comes to eating meat on the bones I am anything but a lady... I mean by the time I get done with a bone a dog doesn't't even want it... there is nothing left... I also know that if I was a true lady I would not pick up my bones from my rack of lamb in a nice restaurant and try to gnaw what is left off the bone... but alas I did and was totally enjoying my adventure while trying to be discreet about it... (note to men.. don't worry I know when to gnaw and when not soooo don't worry)As my friend and I were licking the last bite of food and enjoying the end of our "PO's" the owner Giovanna, Chris our waiter and the Chef (who I forgot his name) came to our table and Giovanna tried to take away my plate... I said... "nooooooooooooooooo not yet" and  he said... "yes.... Trust me" (last time I got "yes,... trust me" from a man I had a baby"   But I digress)....  So he took my plate and they brought us out a whole new plate of food of one of their specials for the night...  My friend and I just stared at each other wide eyed...  The Chef said that the rack seemed a bit small and that they really enjoyed that we can to their restaurant or something along those lines and he really wanted us to try this dish and let him know what we thought....  Talk about being wide eyed and bushy tailed... we were blown away.  The dish was FANTASTIC... it was wild boar ohhhhhhhhhhhh my god sooooooo freaking good with mashed chestnut stuffing and the all to famous vegetable medley....  Heaven on a plate...  love in my tummy!!!!After wards we had dessert... which was hard to eat but ooooooooooooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhh so tasty.. I don't even remember what it was.. my friend who is also a Yelper is going to write a review she can tell you that part of the evening....  Soooo all together (excluding the dinner the owner bought us) we had 4 glasses of wine... two wonderful bowls of soup, 2 full dinners, dessert and our bill without tip was $108.00...
<review# 2410,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2007,1/22/2008,278,574,7,2,3>Anglophiles rejoice!  There is now a seemingly accurate English Inn and Pub right in the heart of Marin County!It is so authentic the beer is good and the food is horrible!It is so authentic the doors are too short, and the fire alarm system is you screaming FIRE FIRE FIRE and knocking on the other guest's rooms!It is so authentic there are no TVs, and something called a snug for you to hang out in.But really, the place is beautiful and its a short walk to Muie Beach.  And the breakfast is actually pretty tasty.    So I would actually recommend it.
<review# 2411,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2007,1/21/2008,24,13,2,2,4>I must say for a Post-DYK hike, this really hit the spot.  Bryan, JR, and myself were on a recon mission in downtown Mill Valley...Primary objective: Find Cold Beer.  Secondary Objective: Find good food.  During our "mission," we stumbled across several decent places...but most were either closed (3pm, Sunday...come on people!) or did not serve beer.  In the name of (Insert Heavenly figure here), how hard is it to find a cold brew in Mill Valley??We actually spotted Stefano's as one of the first places, but decided to call it our last resort.  And...before we knew it, we were grabbing a table, ordering a large cheese pizza and  pitcher(s) of Biersch Pilsner.  The pizza was very good, lots of cheese and thin crust, just the way I like it.  The beer was better...duh!  And on a very cool note, this place is powered by 100% Solar Energy.  They have a huge sign that says so!  According to them, they used to spend $12K / year on electricity...now only $80.00 / year.  Wow!  Sign me up!
<review# 2412,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2007,1/20/2008,43,2,5,10,12>The Blue Heron is ABSOLUTELY FANTASTIC.  It serves as both a Bed and Breakfast Inn and as a standard hours (breakfast/lunch/dinner) restaurant.  This review is only about the restaurant.My aunt and her partner took me here for a (belated) birthday dinner, and it was well-worth the drive around the lagoon from Stinson Beach.  Its most distinguishing advantage is its use of super fresh ingredients from the many organic farms next door.The restaurant sits in the front section of what seems like a large house, and is accordingly home-y in atmosphere.  Also, the staff are professional and efficient while retaining personality and friendliness (not easy when you're the only host AND server for the restaurant's 12 tables on a Friday night!).  The house is nestled back a couple steps from Wharf Rd., and we were seated at the table right in front of the house's large front-left window.The first thing we noticed is that our table had been set when we arrived - despite the fact we kept adjusting reservation times on them last minute.  The water glasses were filled, the bread basket was full and the butter had been topped off.  Nice!They don't have a menu on paper.  It changes constantly, so they use a chalkboard that the server brings to each table that patrons use to decide what to order.  Saving needless menu paper and encouraging the table to talk about what each other are having = big plus.I ordered the clam chowder soup and my aunt and her partner ordered the tomato salad.  The clam chowder soup was unlike any other I've had.  It had a dairy base, but was pink from the cherry tomato that had been used, as the soup was chock full of very fresh vegetables - delicious!  The tomato salad was made of slices of beefsteak sized green and red tomatoes, with a type of mozzarella topped off with vinaigrette deliciousness.  It's a seasonal dish and we had it at the perfect time in the season.For dinner I ordered the baked halibut and my aunt and partner both ordered the lamb chops.  My halibut was fabulous - it was topped with just enough chipotle aioli, and was served with very fresh sauteed vegetables and indescribably delicious potatoes on the side.  The aioli was appropriately restrained, with full flavor and heat but not smothered over everything - just the right amount!  The potatoes were out of this world: all the flavor of fried potatoes but these weren't greasy in the slightest.  I'm not sure what they did, but it really worked.  The lamb chops were perfectly cooked (two decently-sized chops per plate), crispy on the outside and pink medium-rare on the inside.  Delicious, and the menta sauce was the perfect complement to the lamb!  There was also a tasty beet salad and rice on the side that my aunt and partner gobbled up before I got to enjoy more than a quarter-sized slice of beet.To drink, my aunt paired their lamb with a really full-flavor cabernet that worked well.  With my halibut I had a pinot viognier blend that was refreshing and helped balance the aioli.We had two desserts between the three of us: a chocolate cake and peach pie, both topped with fresh-whipped unsweetened cream.  The chocolate cake was great, but nothing you wouldn't be able to get elsewhere.  The peach pie was okay - it could have used an upgrade in the thickness of the peach layer, as the peach seemed to drown in its own crust.  The unsweetened fresh whipped cream worked really well with both, particularly because it helped balance some of the sweetness.  The reason the 'just okay' desserts don't doc them a star is that they are freshly made every night by the server, and they get extra credit for being super-extra fresh.Possible downsides: with one server on Friday night, this place could get crazy waiting for things like water refills or bread.  Our server kept everyone's glasses full and orders under control but she seemed exceptional.  Also, waiting to be seated could be awhile - with only 12 tables, this place can't take many capacity-wise.  It wasn't a problem tonight, but I think we got lucky.  Aside, I love the fact that they offer 'take out' to the locals who bring their own plates and walk out with a dinner served on their own platewear they can enjoy @ home!
<review# 2413,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2007,1/19/2008,27,63,2,7,5>I practically grew up here.  My friends and I would come here every Tuesday night in high school to see Swing Fever and piss off the waitress by only ordering coffee.Times have not changed much.  It is still an excellent place to relax and hear Swing Fever on Tuesday nights (though a few members have died since I was in high school).  From the lunch menu, I've had the Baja Salad, Quesadilla with Manchego, Panini Sandwich, Caesar Salad with Chicken and the Turkey/Avocado Club.  And wine instead of coffee.  It is expensive.  But it's a treat.  The only thing I haven't liked was the BBQ pork sandwich (the sauce was too sweet for me), but otherwise, I'm rarely disappointed.  Their outdoor seating in the back garden is a big plus when you're paying $20 for lunch.  AND I'VE ACTUALLY STAYED HERE!  It is a full-functioning hotel.  My boyfriend and I decided to stay here for my birthday like 4 years ago.  It was awesome.  Totally cute rooms with balconies, great service, great staff, they really do accomodate whatever whims you have.  Dinner here is great, too.  If you want to impress a date, or have a romantic evening out, dinner at the Panama is always a good choice.
