<review# 1,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2006,1/6/2006,18,122,,2,1>"Asau't nbatt'reh" is how they say it when you call for take-out, this English fish'n'chips joint is the perfect place for all you Anglophiles...or if you just like deep fried goodness. They also carry all the right beers from the UK and to me, it's a nice touch that most of the employees are Brits...adds to the authenticity.
<review# 2,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2005,1/5/2006,256,207,10,1,3>Don't go on a straight date here.  Hot men kept sending over drinks to my boyfriend.  I got up to go to the bathroom and some guy that was singing with the pianist was rubbing his shoulders.  I took a shower when we got home and when I got out there were four male Broadway actors in our bed.  Ok, the last part isn't true.
<review# 3,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2005,1/4/2006,55,272,,2,1>This tiny mexican restaurant on second ave offers a great lunch deal with chips & salsa, black bean soup and a massive fully-stuffed burrito served by fabulous waitstaff, who fit in perfectly with the ironic decor. The food is served in heaping portions and your sure to take at least half of your harvest buritto home.  In addition to the funky environment and lunch deals the great drink specials, Margherita mondays, beg you to return.  And when you do return the waitstaff will smile and remember you.  AND if you frequent often enough they will remember your name and serve you the lunch special at night with an extra large bowl of smooth and creamy black bean soup.This place is a neighborhood favorite, a great excape from the frat scene on third ave.NOTE:  This prices have gone up yet again.  The lunch special has gotten progressivly smaller -no soup! - and more expensive, the food better but the staff worse.  I am tempted to lower my approval rating!
<review# 4,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2006,1/3/2006,69,227,3,4,5>One of my favorite art museums so far, there's simply too much to see here in one day.  I think believe there's no general admission fee, just a donation of any value, so it's a great place for students.
<review# 5,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2005,1/2/2006,44,413,,5,1>if youre looking for a satisfying sandwich for lunch, i would go here!  they should have more places like this in midtown for ones who have no where else to eat besides the shaker salads you get day in and day out...all the bodegas need to start making banh mi for sure...i think they would have a lot better business if this were the case...
<review# 6,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2005,1/1/2006,147,58,23,24,19>Once you get past the fact that Difara's probably has not been cleaned since the Nixon administration, you are in for a real treat by way of the best pizza in New York.  The old man is some kind of genius, with herb garden growing beside the ovens, and his meticulous attention to detail.  Some things in life are worth the wait...like the Jay-Z and Nas reunion *tear*...and a slice from Difara's is equally worth the wait.  I once waited 40 minutes to get a slice, only to devour it in seconds, and then return for a 25 minute wait to get a second slice.  I think your best bet is to spring for a pie, because if you opt for a single slice, you will be left pining for more.  Sitting and waiting has its advantages at Difara, though.  When the joint gets really packed, you get to witness this neurotic ballet performed by locals, hipsters (who probably read about Difara's in the Village Voice's Best of NY) and whoever else is waiting for the divine offerings of Difara's.  People will get up ten times or more during their wait and nervously pace the floor by the counter, as if after 40 years in the business, the old man is finally going to fuck up and it's going to be THEIR order.  The old man is so calm, though, it's almost scary.  If I had to run a booming mom & pop business like that, with minimal help, I'd be a nervous wreck.  But if one TRULY wants to measure the greatness of a Difara slice, first, head over to one of Avenue J's countless kosher pizza joints.  Try one of THEIR slices, and then grab one at Difara's.  The choice is clear:  The Jews may be God's chosen people, but Difara's is God's chosen pizza.
<review# 7,isUSA=TRUE,2.0,7/30/2005,12/31/2005,2,24,1,3,1>Overrated. Let the tourists wait in line.
<review# 8,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2005,12/30/2005,24,26,,1,2>This place is the Sh#t!  The PinkTeacup was my first introduction to soul food with the help of my southern friends who reside in NYC.  Old school motown and R/B music fill the room bringing you back in time, before I was even thought of.  Imagine John Waters "Hairspray" scene when the speakeasy is in full swing.  Their authentic soul food was very good although a tad bit greasy, but I believe everyone deserves a "fat day" once in a blue moon.  They've got a wall of fame and a killer menu with all the fixin's.  It's not too expensive and a great place to hang before a Live music show.  I highly recommend checking this place out.
<review# 9,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/30/2005,12/29/2005,1095,3855,4,,1>The few times I've been here (pre 9/11) was filled with fun and exasperation at the same time. Century 21 (I don't know about now) did not have fitting rooms so we couldn't try on the clothing before buying them. My friend and I bought a bunch of stuff, took them across the street to the Marriott (I think) Hotel and went into one of the toilets and tried everything on and returned those which we didn't want. I mean, c'mon! As visitors, we didn't want to haul everything in the subway to our hotel and then back downtown again to return them should we not want anything. This way, it just saves time. We did find a few nice things in the end, but returned about 70% of the stuff we originally bought.
<review# 10,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2005,12/28/2005,100,512,3,2,2>I can see people being annoyed by this place; I wanted to be annoyed. It reeks of contrivance (like my semi-colon doesn't) but the rice pudding transcends that. Go in the afternoon, don't fight the Soho night crawler crowds.
<review# 11,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2008,9/17/2008,69,66,41,19,21>As far as I can tell there is only one universally good thing about gentrification - superior wine stores.Delinquent and running late for a wine-centric garden party, I was greatly helped along by a stop in this shop. Norah and crew had perfect recommendations. The Poivre et Sel Gamay I grabbed stood out next to some heavy hitting competition at the party.  Everyone was into it.It tasted like my high school girlfriend's neck at summer camp.  Spritely, recently having fooled around in the dirt, and nectarine sweat tinted with citronella.Just kidding, I didn't have a girlfriend in high school :(She was yours.
<review# 12,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2008,9/16/2008,321,290,26,17,23>The roof of my mouth is still blistered from biting into the piping hot artichoke & spinach slice yesterday. I had a mean hankering for this slice thanks to The Gothamist photos posted last week and I had resolved to get to Artichoke ASAP. It was indeed that serious. I mean, when people compare you to the supposed best pizza you must be pretty damn good.I didn't wait long. I think I was just lucky.The cutie behind the counter spoke softly to me, asking what I would like. And upon noticing my hesitation immediately suggested the "Special" slice also known as the artichoke & spinach. It looked so beautiful in pie form. And in my world where food reigns supreme ... looks mean a great deal. I could've looked at that pie all day. In fact, as I waited for the slicing guy to portion out the goods I couldn't tear my eyes away.Finally my order was up. My Italian cutie boxed my order up and with a flirtatious smile sent me on my way. I emerged from the storefront beaming. It smelled so good. I opened the box to reveal two slices, one for me and one for Julie (you owe me 3 dollars b*tch.) I held it in both hands. Tried to fold it over Brooklyn style but that didn't work out too well. I got cheese on my shoe and hand and enjoyed every glorious minute of it. I love pizza. But this ain't your ordinary pizza. It's my new favorite slice and if you ever want to get me out of a bad mood or convince me to do something, it's almost a guarantee that I will be amazingly agreeable after a slice.All other "New York" pizzas that I have tried truly pale in comparison. And I'm not just saying that because I was full of mimosas. I swear it really is good, great, fantastically marvelous, orgasmically wonderful pizza.It's not just pizza. It is an experience.So I'm thinking I'm going to need a slice for lunch tomorrow. You in?--UPDATE 4/9/2008: It wasn't a slice for lunch the next day rather a couple slices for dinner 2 days later with 6 other yelpers in tow. You know how I'm always talking about cute boys and in particular the one cutie I mentioned above? Yeah ... well guess who put me on blast last night?Cutie at the Counter: "You write for Yelp don't you?"Lauren S.:"Yeeeeaaaahhh ..."CATC: "I read your review! You're Lauren S.!"LS:"Yeah I am." (If I was white I think I would have turned as red as the sauce from embarrassment)CATC:"You had some really nice things to say about me."LS:"Oh my god."CATC:"Thanks."LS:afskhiwueklfnflkkfhiCATC:"But then I read your other reviews and you say nice things about all the boys. I thought I was special."LS:k;safjilfjwioflkdflkdhdiWell that was fun. I love being recognized and embarrassed. Really.Upon further inspection, I have come to recognize that my beloved Artichoke and Spinach pizza should only be consumed by itself. Don't be a glutton and try to eat more than one. Unless you haven't anything else all day long. It's a rich pizza. Luxurious even. Stands up on its own.Major accolades to the Sicilian Slice. I'm not usually a sauce girl but I could eat the sauce straight from the pot. I could douse myself in it and lick myself clean. This alone is worth standing in line for.GET THERE!
<review# 13,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2008,9/15/2008,3457,1957,354,122,138>Sunday Morning Schedule.10:00: Sneak out of bed without waking her up.10:03: Dress quietly, tiptoe out the door.10:06: Give the Clinton St. Baking Company hostess your name. 10:07: Receive wait time of 1:30.10:10: Undress; sneak back into bed.10:17: Try to do dirty things to her.10:18: Get rejected. Repeatedly.10:38: Weep silently at your obvious inadequacies.10:40: Suppress self-loathing; doze lightly.11:15: Wake her gently; brunch time.11:20: Get dressed again.11:23: Smile inwardly at her protests that the wait will be too long at CSBC.11:30: Arrive at CSBC.11:37*: Sit down at your table.11:38: Bask in her surprise and delight at the short wait.11:49: Eat the BEST BRUNCH OF YOUR LIFE. (Pancakes, sugar-cured bacon, Spanish Scramble etc...it's all delicious)12:38: Return to bed, stuffed. 12:45: Try to do dirty things to her.12:46: Mask your shock that she lets you (she REALLY loved her pancakes).12:48: Apologize.12:49: Weep silently at your obvious inadequacies. __________*The hostess is uncannily accurate in her estimates.
<review# 14,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2007,9/14/2008,245,505,20,22,21>I came here for brunch this morning.  And I almost cried 3 times.The first reason I cried was because our 4th was VERY late, and we waited half an hour in the cold.  Yes, the little GODDAMN IT'S COLD tears streamed down my face.  I wasn't really about to cry, but I wanted to.  The host was very cool about it.  He saved our table the whole time, and was never snotty (take a lesson, Essex-bitches).  When our 4th finally arrived, she was seated, given a drink, and she chowed down with rest of us.  She even waited less than us for her meal!The second reason I cried was the all-you-can-drink-in-60-minutes deal.  The choices are margaritas, bloody mary's and mimosas.  And you can try all three.  No stupid rule about how you can only get one kind and have to stick with it.  I am not a tequila girl, but the margarita was definitely doable.  I tried the bloody mary, and as I expected, it was disappointing.  I stuck with the mimosas.  Nuum.I ordered the pulled pork and scrambled eggs, and substituted cheesy grits for the potatoes.  The pork was pretty good for non-Memphis style BBQ.  The sauce was, well, not.  And here is the third reason I almost cried (seriously, the tears welled up): the cheesy grits were so good,  just like my Grandma M. used to make.  I ordered a second helping.  I sniffled and promised myself I wouldn't cry in front of my friends.  The waiter did not make any fuss over the substitution I requested, nor did he make trouble when my associate asked that her fried chicken be dark meat.  The staff was helpful and accomodating, as in, brought us drinks and made it snappy.  And OK yeah, good-looking, for the most part.In addition to all this, please note that you get unlimited homemade mini-muffins.  My Scottish Conqueror does not like blueberries, but ate 5 of these with a quickness, so that should tell you something.Lastly, I agree that it does look like a very cute Southern diner.  But NO, everything Southernish looking is not Texan.  Texas is not the South.  Please don't make me embarrassed about my Southern roots by throwing Texas into it.
<review# 15,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2008,9/13/2008,548,384,33,29,41>DISCLAIMER: This is a TMI review. Walk away, for in reading you'll implicitly relinquish your right of opinion or critique, compliments of your morbid curiosity.It was with a quiet step that I entered the 125 year old church in the heart of Astoria some time ago. I was alone. An inevitable feeling of solace inundated me as a I walked through the empty atrium and it's arches; it is not the same peace I've felt before on an empty Opera or an empty Movie theater; in here my psyche subdues my inner core and forces it to surrender; this is the place where people come to worship a mystery. I kneel. A willful act against one's will. A contradiction as much as an exercise of sobriety; for I know full well how to speculate with the only currency with which you can purchase an argument of rejection or acceptance: prudence. And it is prudence that has lead my heart to be contrite. Now I headed towards the little room where I was about to make my confession; I passed the huge tapestry hanging in the wall, which had always puzzled me for it's references to the Knights of Malta and other symbols, and that day was no exception.It was quiet, no one there but me; I entered the confessional, the priest noticed my presence and it began:Me: "Forgive me father for I have sinned.."Priest: "How long before your last confession?"Me: "......... I-I don't remember"Priest: "What are your sins my son?"Me: "I've engaged in sloth and gluttony, eating and drinking showing no regard for my body..."Priest: "Go on..."Me: "I've been vain and wasteful in my ways father; I've used my time in intrigue and useless diversions... I've toyed with emotions including my own, I've kept silence when I should have spoken, stood idle when I should have intervened... and I've pursued pleasure for pleasure's sake, receiving nothing but hollowness... and I... I...."Priest: "Yes?"Me: "I've done the dirty..."Priest: "Excuse me??"Me: "You know what I mean father..."Priest: "You mean self pleasure?"Me: "Uhh... that too father, but that's not what I meant"Priest: "Do you repent?"Me: "I do father... it seems as though I feel a hole in my heart.."Priest: "That which you seek it's not on the outside pleasures that the world provides, but in the fountain of happiness that springs from a clean conscience... you must pray three Hail Mary's as an act of penance, and participate in holy communion"Me: "Yes, I will"Priest: "Very well, I absolve thee in the name of the father, the son and the holy spirit...Amen"Me: "Amen"And then I sauntered away, feeling as if a weight had been lifted off my heart. And what a beautiful moment, that was.
<review# 16,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2007,9/12/2008,2348,322,17,18,28>I'll strike upon thee with great vengeance and furious anger, those who attempt to poison and destroy my brothers. And you'll know my name is the Lord when I lay my vengeance upon thee.Sorry, I got excited when when I saw that my receipt read "Royale with Cheese".So after a long day of riding I needed some fat and carbs. I had never been to Royale, but have walked by and it's been on my list of places to try. I phoned up to place my order the woman on the phone was very friendly. She said it would be about ten minutes.I wandered over  to Royale and sat down at the bar. The place was mostly empty. There was a table of marathon runners, still dressed in their running gear, unwinding with beer and burgers. A voluptuous barmaid with really great looking glasses approached me. She told me that my burger would soon be ready. She asked what kind of beer I normally drink, and I told her Stella. She set a small glass with crisp Stella in front of me on the house. My burger took a few more minutes and I was on my way back home. I quickly unpacked my meal and put it on a plate and sat down to eat. The Fries were very good, but a little too salty. The burger was very good, but after having Shack Shack yesterday it paled in comparison.All in all it was a good meal, and I have a feeling that it would be much better as eat-in opposed to take-out.Jules you'd dig it the most._____
<review# 17,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2008,9/11/2008,786,1284,28,32,33>review #800, baby! *Anju: a general term for a Korean side dish consumed with alcohol.**Soju: a distilled beverage native to Korea and traditionally made from rice. Its taste is comparable to vodka.***Cocktail Soju: Soju; which is diluted with fruit juice or soft drinks. The most popular version is lemon soju. other variations include lychee soju, apple soju, yogurt soju, mango soju, and blueberry soju.****"Poktanju" (Drink Bomb): consists of a shot glass of soju dropped into a pint of draft beer and is drunk quickly. "WHERE ARE WE GOING? WHAT IS THIS BUILDING?""trust me, yo... everything is going to be okay.""WHY ARE WE ENTERING A LOBBY? WHERE WILL THIS ELEVATOR TAKE US?!""shhh. we mustn't wake up the security guard. he's taking a nap.""I'M SO CONFUSED! AREN'T WE SUPPOSED TO BE AT A BAR?""shhh. we'll be there in a minute."the elevator door opens. it's like you've been teleported into an undisclosed, chic and sexy oasis of Manhattan. remixed jazz/hip-hop music thumping from the stereo system- an impeccable selection. a crazy, sexy and cool crowd is amongst the bar/lounge/cafe. rays of pink, purple, turquoise, blue, green and yellow lights illuminate the walls and ceiling. a sprawling bar area, comfy seating, couples and groups dining/drinking. personal beers on tap, ***cocktail soju bottles, specialty martinis and *anju. arrive here early on an evening. obtaining a table w/ a big group of people will be slightly easier... considering this is one of the oldest and best kept secrets of Koreatown. it's bustling, crowded at times and a striking environment. with stunning views of Koreatown, if you're fortunate enough to ever come here on a lazy Sunday afternoon before the sun sets... it is truly a treat. the service here is beyond top-notch. there's never been an occasion where i had problems with the staff or excellence of their offerings. i frequent here during the summer months... i am gifted with complimentary ****poktanju or mango shots by the bartenders whenever i bring my entourage of 10 or more to Third Floor Cafe. they pay clear attention to detail... never overlook an order or jumble up people's drinks and special requests.*anju is a definite MUST here. the Fried Chicken ("tohng dak") is quite popular. it's lightly battered and fried- in which it is accompanied by pickled radish. my favorite here is the Pork Cutlet ("donkatsu") w/ Korean style curry... the cutlet is crispy and curry is drizzled right over. it melts in your mouth from the tenderness. Salisbury Steak comes to your table steaming and cooking on the iron plate. the sauce is done just right... it's surely a crowd pleaser. Spicy Rice Cakes ("dduk bokki") is simply a common *anju; perfect when paired up with beer or ****poktanju; it incorporates ramen, fishcake ("o-deng"), and fried potstickers ("twigim mandoo") in the dish. the paramount and most favorable *anju are the Sweet Potato Frites. it was absolutely amazing! crispy and light--- these are sure to be gone within 10 mins on the table. the olive medley is favorable... but the fruit/cheese platter is fabulousity; with their beautiful artistry in cutting the fruits... that's what i love so much about Korean/Japanese culinary. they spend a great amount of  time constructing the most stunning things from simple foods. being the lush that i am... now, more information about the drinks. the Lychee ***cocktail soju is one of the city's best. placed in a hollowed-out glass bottle w/ a compartment for dry ice (to keep the **soju cold)- this is the perfect cure to the summer blues. Blueberry ***cocktail soju is a very admired option here. unlike most establishments, the Third Floor Cafe blends fresh fruits and **soju instead of syrups and powdered mixes. the drink doesn't go down as smooth like a typical alcohol-shot... but it's so delicious and diverse than your usual palate! Yogurt ***cocktail soju will always be my first love. smooth- with a milky undertone and carbonation from the Chilsung Cider (Korean sprite/7-up) is simply an experience no one can forget. the unique martinis and cocktail specials are worthy of a try, too. one of the chocolate/raspberry cocktails is invigorating for your warm soul. it is frozen/blended and fun to eat and drink... in essence, everything on their drinks menu is inventive and delectable. i'd undeniably encourage a taste of them all! for the anti-cocktail folks- there's something very appealing and cool for you. your very own BEER ON TAP! you select the beer, they'll bring you an ice-cold metal beer tap. YES! it gets even better. Tuesday nights is $15 AYCE & AYCD ("all you can eat/drink") special. after work, a date, a birthday- i find every motive to pay a visit here.i hope you've enjoyed my little guide to Korean cocktails and its compliments of appetizers. this is a superb place to take a hot date, a group of friends, out-of-towners and those who are curious about the the K-Town bar scene in NYC.
<review# 18,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2008,9/10/2008,4812,130,14,32,23>Uhhhh, this place is freaking spectacular. Get the cuban sandwich, you'll be very, very happy. The place can be tough to get to and is very tiny inside. It was kind of a battle standing by the counter, letting people by while waiting for our order.But DAMN, was it worth it. They also have free delivery, ($10 minimum)Cuban Sandwich was something like $5.50. Again, very little seating inside but walk over to Bryant Park and dig in.
<review# 19,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2008,9/7/2008,91,95,12,14,13>I never in my life dreamed that my new favorite drink would consist of egg whites and earl grey tea. .....But I have come to firmly conclude that anything really is possible and I am a believer in this club they call PEGU. Holy Mother of All Drinks. I hereby bow down to the creators of this stunningly perfect cocktail called the Earl Grey MarTEAni. I promise to forsake all others, even my go-to gin and tonic, when having a less-than-stellar day. I vow to spread the word and let everyone I know how annoyingly delicious this sweet foamy beverage is and the overwhelming feelings of joy and ectasy that ensue after indulging.Side effects like tingly sensations, giggles and innapropriate blurtings like, "POUR ME ANOTHER!!" have been reported. Not recommended for those who are driving, operating machinery or trying to text coherently on their cell phones. Better judgment may deteriorate upon ordering. I shall be back, dear Pegu. Again. and Again. and Again. and Again. and Again. and Again. and Again. and Again. ...... perhaps against my better judgment. ....but nonetheless...................
<review# 20,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2008,9/5/2008,241,290,26,22,24>This will definitely happen to you at Boss Tweeds if you stop in on a Sunday afternoon:The jukebox will start to play your song, 2X then abruptly stop.You will pay only uh, nothing for shots for you and your bachelorette party.The bartender Aaaaandy will give you dollars for your misfired jukebox songs and offer you fries to go with that!A gay makeup artist from Ohio will flirt with you. Oh wait,........Well, maybe these things only happen to me but you can always try your luck.
<review# 21,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2009,4/21/2009,353,1039,20,27,26>It is indeed a beautiful structure. Grand Central Terminal is the largest train station in the world. It has 44 platforms! They are on two levels, both below ground. Some people have called this place "Grand Central Station", which is incorrect. Grand Central Station is the nearby post office, this is Grand Central Terminal people!Below the main concourse you will find the dining concourse. This offers travelers and guests a few fast food joints and restaurants, one of which is the world-famous Oyster Bar.Now if there was someway to just keep the people out of GCT, then it would be a definite 5 star locale.
<review# 22,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2008,4/20/2009,69,66,13,16,14>I like trains.  Not in the choo choo, model train, basement stinking of lichen way (well kinda) but real moving trains.  The best are the ones where you travel long distances and have a romance with a stranger, unfamiliar wilderness passing by the banks of windows in the observation deck as you pour little cocktails from little bottles.This museum has nothing to do with that kind of train, but the old trains are romantic.  Good place for a random adventure and history lesson.  And you can make out in real old trains on an abandoned line.  Maybe the only reason to dig the MTA.
<review# 23,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2009,4/19/2009,119,457,18,18,18>i crave this food. CRAVE IT!!! the owner and chef is a super nice guy and the food is astonishingly fresh and delicious.  he won a vendy award.things to order:chennai rolllamb over ricebiryanii wish this cart were in my apartment.
<review# 24,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2008,4/18/2009,125,122,16,15,16>This place is great. It's got the whole Texas/German BBQ concept happening. You stand in line and get meat by the pound. They have a butcher who cuts and wraps it up for you. With each order you get bread to make sandwiches and they have 3 types of BBQ sauce on the table.The Ribs, Boston Butt, Pork Belly, and Beef Brisket are all delicious. So far I haven't had a cut of meat here that isn't really good. They also have these pretty tasty sausages you can get for $1. if you're not a huge eater and realize that the sides are lame (see below) you can eat here for pretty cheap and if you're with a group that's indecisive, the butcher will just hook you up with a bunch of different meats for a flat rate. I'm a bourbon drinker and this place has a great selection. Bourbon, scotch, and whiskey actually.  Their bar has the best selection of all 3 that I've seen in the city. The bartenders also have these freakishly large ice cubes just for that. When you order a bourbon on the rocks, they put one in your glass and pour it into this special jigger that fits diagonally over the glass. The bourbon then pours slowly out of the jigger and onto the ice like a golden brown waterfall. (Sniffle) It's so beautiful. -1 star for the picnic table seating. Does anybody like the picnic table seating? If you have more than 1 person with you, you're hovering over people like a punk until someone leaves. Then you got the empty seats you desperately need with jackets or purses or cameras on them. What's that all about? You gotta ask people if someone's sitting there while your friends canvas the room like cops after a prison break.   Also -1 star for the subpar side dishes. You gotta try harder than that, Fette Sau. The broccoli has a weird vinegar-y aftertaste, the collard greens are pretty lame, and the baked beans are way too tangy. The potato salad is just plain gross.
<review# 25,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2009,4/17/2009,584,571,11,11,12>The drinks are the best thing here and better still during 1/2 pricewine Mondays and Tuesdays. I tried an excellent light and fruity whitewine here the likes of which I'd never seen before--a blend ofRiesling, Pinot Blanc, Pinot Gris and other grapes. It seems that youcan't go wrong with any of the cocktails either; I particulary enjoyall the ones made with Roget champagne. The food is not quite on parwith the drinks either in terms of variety or taste. That being said,the mushroom fondue served with toasted bread, red skin potaoes,roasted vegetables and fruit is decent.
<review# 26,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2009,4/16/2009,321,455,37,21,27>I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a FlurtSoon as I see Red Mango in the club (I'm a Flurt)Shakin toppings at me, when I roll up on them dubs (I'm a Flurt)Sometimes when I'm with froyo on the low (I'm a Flurt)And when straight guys lookin at me, damn right (I'm a Flurt)So homie don't bring Pinkberry to meet me cuz (I'm a Flurt)And baby don't bring Yolato to eat cuz (I'm a Flurt)Please believe it, unless your game is tight and you trust herThen don't bring froyo around me cuz (I'm a Flurt)Ok I don't look, sound, smell or pee like R Kelly (I'm not going to waste a genie wish on those either).In terms of the business, this Flurt store front is small with three tables. If you ask for bubble tea, the server walks next door to the cafe to get it. Strange. Besides being clean this place really offers nothing in decor and ambiance.I came here after dinner at Kam Na Moo Gol. Although many would argue that this frozen yogurt craze is tired, I had to comment. The fruits, especially mangoes and strawberries, were the most ripened I've ever tasted in a frozen yogurt business offering. The original flavored yogurt was very smooth, so this generous rating goes towards the product.I'm a believer.IFHTP 3+
<review# 27,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2009,4/15/2009,104,136,25,25,26>Let me preface this review by saying this: I Love Meat - A LOT Now that being said we can continue- Here's some other things I love: -Things that taste like meat -Andre -Small Restaurants -Spontaneous Late Night Adventures -NYC -Yelp Bookmarks -Andre -Yelp What's Hot Section -Andre -Tapas -Spontaneous Late Night Adventures with my Boyfriend Andre involving a Small Restaurant we both Bookmarked from Yelps NYC "Whats Hot" Section that Creates Tapas sized dishes with tofu that Taste Like Meat!!! So at 11:30 at night when Andre woke me up to take a trip to Kyotofu I was all about it. What I first observed is it's a very modern intimate space (two walls facing opposite of each other- thats all), so if you think of bringing more then 4 people I would call very early in the day to accommodate your party. Even late in the evening (12:30am) our waiter Joseph provided us with exemplary service and allowed us to take our time enjoying the dishes. Honestly if it wasn't tofu I'm not sure I would have ate as much as I did, I Mean Seriously : Mac and Cheese? Chicken Sliders??? BBQ UNAGI after midnight?? NO Way! Plus I still had room for a sweet potato cheese cake........Have your cake and eat it too is literally the theme here. We loved it so much here we practically kidnapped our friends Kev and Natasha the next day and brought them to experience it. Sunday is "Sake Sunday" (1/2 off bottles) and brunch comes with free Mimosa's/Bellini's so you can imagine the awesome time we had. In my opinion I've always left thinking the bill was reasonable for the amount of food + drinks we had. (2ppl $71 / 4 ppl $100) After experiencing Kyotofu my bf and I have definitely considered incorporating more protein packed tofu into our diets. I'm sure this place will be a regular feel-good  spot of ours for awhile.
<review# 28,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2009,4/14/2009,288,183,42,22,35>Things John N likes:1- Burgers2- Shots3- BeerThings 123 Burger Shot Beer serves:1- Burgers2- Shots3- BeerCoincidence or cleverly designed plan to guarantee my return?Well played 123, well played.
<review# 29,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2009,4/12/2009,266,248,43,23,29>This is a story of love, and of heartbreak.There I was, on a typical and lonely Friday night, getting drunk at another nameless dive, wallowing in my self-pity. Unexpectedly, I lock eyes across the sea of drunken old people, with a beautiful brunette who had just walked in. I subtly try to get my wingman, Brian B, to go over and talk to her for me. I look up to realize that she's watching me tell him. Doh. She smiles shyly, and comes over to me.She asked me what I do. I told her I work on bridges. She goes, "OMG, the Brooklyn Bridge is my FAVORITE spot in the city!" So I flash the Brooklyn Bridge tat. It was on. We proceeded to make out for the next hour. Date was on for the next night.It was a no brainer when it came to picking a restaurant: Bridge Cafe. Swanky. Cute. In the shadow of the Brooklyn Bridge. Romantic. Nostalgic. 7 and 7's. Wine. Panko Chili Crusted Chicken with a Southwest Style Beurre Blanc and Pepper-Jack Mashed Potatoes. Vegetable Strata with goat cheese. Her crystal blue eyes met mine across the candlelight. Her glowing smile illuminated the dimly lit room. Conversation flowed. Sparks flew.After dinner, we took a walk across the Brooklyn Bridge. The city was laid out in front of us. Our hands lightly touched. I saw her blushing cheeks under the glowing moon. The scene was reminiscent of movie love montages with Savage Garden playing in the background.So we reach the Brooklyn end of the bridge. We shyly exchange glances back and forth. We arrive at the subway. The mood was set. The night was perfect. All except for that looming goodnight kiss.We turned towards each other, my heart fluttering out of my chest. We reached out. I closed my eyes and leaned in...And kissed nothing but air. An ass-out hug is all I got.  I walked the lonely streets for the rest of the night with a flask in hand, slurring White Snake.Bridge Cafe. You failed me.
<review# 30,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2008,4/11/2009,786,1284,26,25,24>i've been here three times in the last month. why? - my friends are bananas about this place. - it's damned good. - tourism is fun sometimes- it's near all the clubs/bars i've been going to lately. - it's the only place we can think of in this area.- spinach... mmmmMmmmmmy main rant about this place is the sauce. now, i say, "that's WEAKSAUCE!" (derived from a Westcoast slang) a lot... but damns, yo. Lombardi's does have "WEAKSAUCE!" New York pizza or not... what would i know? i come from a land of caviar and frou-frou toppings of good ol' West. but it's good. damned good.
<review# 31,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2011,7/15/2011,159,257,10,25,23>The modern, high end feel of this store reminds me a little of being at Pierre Hermes in Paris, which is already a plus. As others have mentioned, the macarons here are slightly bigger than normal, which to me just means each macaron has two bites of deliciousness rather than one. Macaron snobs will tell you, the most important, difficult thing about making a macaron is the shell. The texture should be perfect, almondy and moist , slightly chewy without being cloying. Each shell should contain a "foot", and if the foot doesnt exist it's not a properly made macaron.  Bisous comes pretty damn close to perfection with their shells.The fillings, while all tasty, were a smidge overabundant in amount, but it didn't detract from the lovely experience I had from eating all 6 that I bought. Standouts: Salted caramel, rose, pistachioGreat:  Raspberry, Lavender honey, gianduja (needs slightly more hazelnut, but still very tasty).The pacakging and bag are sleek and sexy as well, in case you ever need to buy a last minute present, or just so when you treat yourself you will be delighted when you open them.
<review# 32,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2011,7/14/2011,98,60,38,14,18>This is the first establishment that got me thinking about ice cubes.I'd never really thought about ice cubes before. I knew them to be cold. I knew that their time on earth was limited, especially if I'm drinking. But I never really thought about the diversity of ice cubes we enjoyed. At least in New York City - I certainly can't speak for your village or rebel-held province.The ice cube in my drink was the largest ice cube I'd even seen. It was like a Rubik's Cube floating in gin. It was perfect in all ways - smooth, crystal clear, square. It was like a supermodel as far as ice cubes go and I miss her very much (Yes, I assign ice cubes gender).I think about that ice cube and the brief time we spent together a lot. Probably too much. I'm a simple man who can be won over by frozen water.
<review# 33,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2011,7/13/2011,243,374,7,16,15>I have a confession to make: I have fallen deeply in love with Taqueria Tepango. Bless me Yelp, for I have sinned!Don't underestimate Tepango from its looks (inside and outside). If you are in the neighborhood and craving for Mexican, this is the go to place. Nothing fancy, but guaranteed to satisfy you and more. The ingredients are hearty and fresh, they don't cut corners; the flavors are wonderful and the salsa verde is rated A, for Awesome.Everything I have tried on the menu so far are delicious. From soft tacos to quesadillas ( I suggest the corn one. ), flautas to huaraches, liquados ( I recommend papaya... it's good for digestion!) to aguas naturales, and of course... burritos. I love ordering those and save half of it for lunch the next day. Knowing that when I heat it up, half of the office will gather at my table to drool and demand the source, the maker of this burrito. The garlicky salsa verde mixed up with the aroma of cilantro, and the rice and beans and slices of steak.... speechless.They deliver and they do it well. The delivery guys are always pleasant, polite and my food are always hot. Just know that your hard shell tacos might not be so hard by the time it gets to you. Tepango is fair priced, affordable and delicious. How can you say no to that!?
<review# 34,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2011,7/12/2011,301,223,22,20,19>I love French fries. I give it up for Lent every year. And every year it gets harder. I'm sorry to the hardcore Catholics out there that are rolling their eyes at this seemingly lame sacrifice for 40 days. But really, it was hard. Especially since I happened to walk by this place many times this season and had to restrain myself from breaking down and ordering a batch. And I'm not one of those that takes breaks on Sundays.So finally after a long wait, I came by here to indulge and break my fast. Man.... it was worth the wait. I got a large cone to share with a friend. And seriously, it was life changing. I'm generally a ketchup or ranch person with fries, sometimes even a garlic mayo or ketchup-mayo person. Or when the craving hits, I'll even do Filipino banana ketchup. But holy crap... sauces like Pomegranate Teriyaki, War Sauce, Roasted Garlic, Mango Chutney, etc. had me spinning. Like all of my life's knowledge of French fries was suddenly turned upside down... Who would dare disturb the universe that is ketchup and fries?This place was amazing. I loved every tiny bit of my cone of happiness (to the very last salty crumb), all the sauces with it and the many, many samples of the other sauces. I even liked the mix of Mango Chutney with roasted garlic. It all just worked. After talking with the fry guys, they offered me a sample of their new recipe sauce which he aptly named "OMG." No joke, it probably is the more accurately named sauce since those are the only words that could describe the mix of flavors. It's not on the menu but it damn well should be. Maybe next year, I'll have to just give up Pomme Frites for Lent since staying away from this wonderful place will be hard enough!
<review# 35,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2011,7/11/2011,404,259,9,22,15>Gamey Meats with Cocktail/Spirit Pairings? Bar Seats, Please!Matthew Piacentini opened this spot with the help of former colleague Dan Greenbaum (of Brooklyn Social) to construct a cocktail list that pairs well with the New American menu put together by Chef Garrett Eagleton. The Cocktails: Love the creative list with a mix of Classics usually overlooked (Sherry Cobbler), twists on Classics (the Tequila Based Negroni Variation called La Rosita) and a whole host of interesting originals. The Astor Painless Anesthetic with Gin, Armagnac, Bonal, Cocchi Americano and Orange Bitters is a great booze forward drink. Interestingly, they shake this drink instead of stirring it despite the lack of citrus. When I asked, they said "we like to break the rules". The Longines Cocktail is a really interesting refreshing drink with a lot of layers and punch. Cognac base with Gunpowder Tea, Anis Del Mono and Fresh Lemon. In the future, they will also have some Barrel Aged cocktails, but they are still in the process of aging them. One of the bartenders is Tom Richter, who supplies one of the better Handcrafted Tonics out there to places like Freeman's, Hearth, Rye House, Il Bucco etc. (Tomr's Tonic: tomshandcrafted.com/toni…). So of course, Tom's Gin and Tonic is on the menu. This is no ordinary Gin and Tonic, and if you haven't been a fan in the past, it's highly recommended. Quite frankly, if you don't like it you will never be a Gin and Tonic person. The Food: The menu is overflowing with things that make my mouth go "WANT!!!!". I will say, that while most things we tried were solid to good, this is where I had some issues. A lot has to do with size. Some of the tidbits like the Pork Rillette and Dates were totally worth the price point. The small plates? Not so much. The poached egg in particular is $14 for one egg and some asparagus spears. I really enjoyed the Lamb Neck Pairing Board that comes with a mini Preakness Cocktail (basically a Rye Manhattan with half Benedictine and half Sweet Vermouth), but only after getting past the incredibly over cooked/charred crust on the outside.As it's not on their website yet, you can find a link to the menu here..images.nymag.com/images/…Overall, Solid experience, but be warned that most of the plates are extremely small servings. Also, bar seating is extremely limited here (6 or 7 seats). All in all though I would recommend coming here to try their signature cocktails and maybe grab a bite to eat, with expectations firmly curbed.On THE LIST:yelp.com/list/best-cockt…
<review# 36,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2011,7/9/2011,316,268,25,33,33>Behind closed doors and a level below the rest of the world is a dark, underground lair where the outcasts of the world retreat to unwind. This is by no means a speakeasy yet the urgency to keep things hidden seems to exist here still in this subterranean playground. Leave the platform heels, sequined halter tops, and popped collars at home as dress codes have no place here. The booth seats open up revealing storage for those winter coats and for those women/men who still carry their entire lives in their purses. Free up your arms because when you hear your favorite 80s tunes come on, you'll be throwing your hands in the air and waving them up like you just don't ... give a fuck. Here the trendy bacon is not subtly added to your plate but instead is the star of an appetizer dish with maple syrup offered to dip these crispy, fatty bits. "The audacity!" some may exclaim but in actuality it's pure genius. In a part of town that prides itself on hip food, a big "fuck you" comes in a paper bag. The under appreciated tator tots sits in the bag and is quickly tore open and ravaged once it hits the table. The rest of the menu, while not innovative in any way are deliciously executed sports bar favorites that do a worthy job of soaking up that booze. Whiskey Brooklyn makes drunken shenanigans easy with affordable drink prices, spicy picklebacks + beer back deals, and a whiskey selection that will have you spending at least a few nights here to taste them all - ask for some selections not listed on the menu. Beer makes you pee like a race horse? No problem, as there are ample bathroom stalls to help you unload. Need to de-stress? A stripper pole, shuffleboard, video games, and whatever else your twisted mind desires are also here for you to exert that pent up energy. Returning here time and time again to forget the ills of the outside world is easy. It's a retreat where I hide and where I play and every visit here has resulted in disaster. Jubilated, delicious, it-hurts-the-next-morning disaster but seriously who gives a fuck?
<review# 37,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2011,7/8/2011,1616,1387,34,15,18>-Sometimes I don't like to shower.-Sometimes I don't like to get superstar-ed up for annoying dates.-Sometimes I like to drink alone.-Sometimes I like to meet drunk ugly people at dive bars with eclectic tastes in music.-Most times I like half-price beers...fuck that...I Always like half-price beers.-Sometimes...sometimes needs to be all the time.  I got your back, B.
<review# 38,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2011,7/7/2011,1319,184,8,18,16>Twice I have lunched at Crisp, and twice I have consumed a spectacular falafel sandwich. True to its moniker, the falafel is crisp, as are the accompanying veggies stuffed into that delicious pita. The hummus is tasty, the tahini isn't too runny, and I love the little tear-off cardboard box that the sandwich is served in (though it's still a rather messy meal). I want to try the other varieties (such as Mexican or African), but the traditional is so good that I'm nervous to switch! What if the other one isn't as awesome and I then feel like I've wasted a perfectly good trip to Crisp? Gasp!I also got some fries in my last visit, and by the time I got back to my office they were a little soggy. I'll blame that on the walk, though, and not on Crisp.Crisp makes good falafel and good falafel is yummy. That is all.
<review# 39,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2011,7/6/2011,2672,175,7,20,15>Wow! Thank you so much fellow Yelpers. You did not steer me wrong here. I took my little Blondie in for a bath... and boy did she ever need one! She finally had all of her puppy shots and the coast was clear to bring her in for her first ever trip to the groomers. I am so glad I chose this place!It took a bit of time for her to be finished but I think that is because they have great work ethic here. And I'm glad that I had the extra time because Bark Slope Salon is in a great area with lots of fun shops to entertain myself with while I waited.When I picked her up I couldn't even believe she was the same dog that I dropped off. My jaw literally dropped. And no offense to her because she's an absolutely beautiful maltese but I have never seen her look so good. She smells fantastic and is soft and fluffy as can be. That is because they use top of the line shampoos and conditioners here. They will even brush your dogs teeth or scale them if you pay a little extra.She now looks like she could become a show dog and maybe they will even cast her in the Cesar's dog food commercials as Cesar himself's love interest someday. Haha! ;)yelp.com/biz_photos/CX9C…I liked it so much, that I made an ongoing weekly appointment. Bring your dog here and be prepared to be wowed too.
<review# 40,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2010,7/5/2011,1368,622,14,24,26>I am definitely an S woman! Hear me roar! *insert cheers and gasps*Sheila Kelley's S Factor is the original creator of the oh so sinfully seductive pole dance workout that has been taking the nation by storm over the past few years. I had heard about this movement from one of my friends at UCLA and she highly recommended it as being one of the best and appealing workouts she's ever done. When I moved to NYC, I needed something to jump start my exercise routine to curb weight gain and decided pole dancing might be just the thing. I was a little worried about it though since I did have an ACL repair in high school but I was assured that my knee would be fine with the movements. They were right! I signed up for an intro class last October and I've been indulging in my Erotic Creature ever since! I look forward to my 2 hour class every single week and that, my friends, is something you need in order to work out. It has to appeal to you and you must truly want to go otherwise you'll drop the routine and just sit home and do nothing. Doing S Factor also got me into signing up for a gym so now I am working out at least 4 times a week... which is what I needed in my new post-college life. You can also sign up for smaller, shorter classes if you want more workouts on the side. As you take more levels or specialty classes, you are rewarded points that you can then use to redeem for other classes. That's a great little reward for someone like me who has been taking the classes for a long period of time.Pole dancing has certainly changed my body and made me stronger and more powerful. You should see some of the things I can do now; I can defy gravity, haha! People often write off pole dancing as a sexual, stripper only type of act but really, strippers can not do what my teachers can do. They are true athletes that compare to the athletic abilities of Cirque du Soleil. They are such beautiful and strong women. Pole dancing is NOT about dancing for a man, or even a woman. It's about dancing for yourself. It gives you such confidence in your own sexy self and the woman-only environment is very warm and friendly. I've made some wonderful friends here and I look forward to another year as an S woman. My S Factor's New Year's resolution is to be able to do the splits and meet the lovely Sheila Kelley. I love S Factor!P.S.: S Factor is NOT cheap but if you have a financial situation, you can apply for scholarships or even partake in a work study to make it more than affordable. If you ever want to take a half-off intro class, just PM me and I can email you the offer; all current students have a referral program! Disclaimer though, do not blame me if you become addicted to the Movement... but you can thank me later ;)P.S.S.: As a fun note, in my first 8 week class (Level One) I had Kyra Sedgwick as my partner! How cool is that. She was so sweet and great on the pole!
<review# 41,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2012,12/6/2012,215,192,13,26,16>Hi, hello, and resounding YES. It's the only way I can think of starting this review.If I were the designer of my own Afterlife, I might have found my architectural blueprint. For the chicken finger lover in everyone, this place is as close to Heaven on Earth as you'll find. The actual "joint" is not so large inside, so mayybe be prepared to take your order to go. Luckily, my friend and I went on a rainy evening, so we basically had the whole place to ourselves. SUPER friendly staff that offered great recommendations and were genuinely curious to know how our food was. Let's break it down:General Sticky Tso fingers with Thai Sweet Chili sauce = amazingly delicious; a faveSalted Caramel Pretzel fingers with Sticky's Sauce and classic BBQ = sooo good, if a little tough to cut through with plastic utensilsTruffle Fries = excellent, though as others have pointed out, they don't skimp on the truffle oilSweet Potato Fries = basically candyWe only ordered 3 fingers with each entree and still it was too much food. This is a great place to split items, especially the sides since they are very generous helpings.Everything was so good that I can't help but want to try all of them. And because these are rather "artisanal" fingers, the guilt just never surfaces. (Not that I ever feel guilty ordering a chicken finger.)Support this Joint! It's great. And if you ever need a chicken finger buddy . . . well, call me!
<review# 42,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2012,12/5/2012,29,71,3,6,5>I think this is the only worthwhile pork belly in Manhattan. Usually I make the 1.5+ hour trip from Brooklyn to Flushing to get my fix. This isn't quite as good as Hahm Ji Bak in Flushing (very close, though!), but for some reason it IS better than the Han Joo in Flushing. I think it's the service. Hopefully it wasn't just because they just opened, and they maintain that level of customer care. The pork belly probably tastes better at this location because the waitress was very attentive and made sure it was cooked *perfectly*. She was also diligent about replenishing all the side dishes.With a generous tip, it came to $25/pp for a big, satisfying, well rounded meal. We didn't get any alcohol, though. Overall, not bad! I also really appreciate it when restaurants don't try to tack on extra charges- barley tea, rice, unlimited side dishes, multiple dipping sauces, etc, are all included. This is how it should be!! I was there on their second night open, and already they had a good number of customers. I have a feeling it may be hard to get a seat soon on a Friday night. I know I'll be a regular, and so will a lot of my friends!
<review# 43,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2012,12/4/2012,698,199,30,14,12>When you're walking down that cold, sterile hallway to where you think Lavilash might be and you're starting to worry that you may have just bought a groupon to sell yourself into the sex trafficking trade, don't worry. We've all had those same thoughts, but it's actually a legit business. A little sketch looking, but definitely a real business.  I received my eyelash perm on Oct. 20th. I've been waiting to review it, because I wanted to get a feel for how long my lashes stayed curled. They are still extremely curled at the moment (sans mascara).   I made my appointment online, got there 10 minutes early, filled out a waiver (that was a little scary) and then laid down on a cushioned table to prepare for my perm.   There was one point in the middle of the process where I could hear people near me getting up and rustling around, and being a paranoid NYer, I started to worry about my purse.   I tried to open my eyes to see what was going on, but my eyes were glued shut! I started to panic a little, like, "OMG! What if I'm not out of the clear and they're still planning on selling me into sex traffic slavery and this is how they keep you from running away! And they'll take my purse too!!" OK, my paranoia may run a little off-kilter. But you know you'd be thinking the same thing.  Anyway, I can say, very proudly that they did not kidnap me and sell me into sex slavery and I now have some very perky eyelashes. Yay!! Win-win for everyone, or maybe just me. But still, Yay!
<review# 44,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2012,12/3/2012,288,384,3,14,5>Thank you Gogo Gi for offering some variety from the predominantly Dominican selection. You can buy bibimbap for under 10 and they package the hot soup in a tiny Styrofoam soup box. (This is no dolsot bibimbap but its a quick take out version of bibimbap). You can buy short ribs and korean ribs rice bowl for 12 dollars.This is the closest Korean food you can get in the Wa Heights area, (short of trekking down to 34th Street), for a decent price.
<review# 45,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2012,12/2/2012,795,723,3,11,6>2nd Ave deli is probably the best, most consistent Jewish deli I've been to.  Born out of the ashes of the famous original from the East Village by a younger member of the family that has taken over, this place continues to churn out great classic Eastern-European Jewish cuisine.  The setup is a little odd, as they have the counter in the front and the rest of the dining room is split in half and separated by panels.  I don't know why they do this as it's very weird and confining; for privacy, perhaps?  Service can eithet be efficient if impersonable, or freaking hilarious depending on who you get.  If you get one of the old Jews, they're awesome: this is all I'll say.  The owner is usually hanging around in the front as well, so say hi.  But as much as the culture of the deli is interesting, the food is the reason we come.Everytime I come here I get a pastrami sandwich, which is probably the best I've had.  It can vary a bit based on visit, but not by much.  It is aromatic, meaty, peppery, and delicately fatty all at once.  They also don't skimp on the meat, like most  Jewish delis.  The rye bread also stands out from the normal cardboard-ish variety, and they may make it themselves.  I've gotten the matzoh ball soup on occasion and it is also among the best I've had.  The broth is subtle and filled with ample schmaltz, while the ball itself is soft, buttery and delcious without dominating the bowl.  The pickles, pickled tomatoes and cole slaw they bring is all good as well as a value-add.  In particular the pickles are so good that I even eat the half sours.  The meal is finished with a shot of a malty chocolate beverage (a sort of kosher egg cream), which some are wild about, some hate, and I just enjoy.  It's a good cap to the meal, and something that they really don't have to offer.  A meal from here with a Black Cherry Dr. Brown's is one of the most satisfying meals I can imagine.  As someone who is Jewish but did not grow up religious or even liking the food really, that is a bizarre statement I never thought I'd make.  Sure it is expensive, but you also get what you pay for.  There is a reason David Sax framed his study of Jewish Delis--"Save the Deli"--around his experiences here.  2nd Ave Deli is the real deal, and if you don't like it then feel free to go to go one of the many tourist trap delis instead.  More room for me and my ever-expanding girth.
<review# 46,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2012,12/1/2012,389,329,6,9,7>Bottle Service Brunch: Everyone wants it, not everyone is able to shell out hundreds for Grey Goose at 2pm (or even if they COULD, willing to do so.)You know what you can afford? The $30 Bubbles & Beatz Sunday party at Paradou.  While it's not bottle service, persay, it's a lively atmosphere in the heart of the meatpacking district (half a block from Bagatelle, Dream Hotel, Gansevoort, Villa Pacri...etc) that'll get you halfway there.The menu is varied enough to satisfy everyone - from a "really big burger" (it did look pretty enormous, to pulled pork sliders, to vegetarian sandwiches and omlettes, to french toast - it has something for every brunch taste.  The garden is lovely, and the champagne cocktails are flowing.  DJ comes on at 3pm - which feels a little silly at first, but after you've had 10 carafes of strawberry champagne, it makes a lot more sense.  I was with a group of 6 girls, which worked out perfectly, but we saw groups of guys and mixed parties as well.Next time I'm seeking that club vibe early in the day and want to dress to the nines without breaking the bank, Paradou will be on the agenda.
<review# 47,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2012,11/30/2012,547,793,4,8,6>Damn you Beechers, this is the reason why I can't go on my no cheese diet. Been in love ever since I visited Pike's Place out in Seattle and got excited when I heard they were moving down to NYC.  They have some awesome Mac n Cheese. If you're a purist, you'll like- ain't nothing but soft penne, flagship cheese, garlic and some spice.  I do prefer my Mac and Cheese with some crunch (a la breadcrumbs) but like I said, this is for the Purists. More gourmet than Smac, and very fun with the live cheese making that happens in the store! (the curding, the mixing, the shaving.. yep, you see it all from the milk stools you can sit and each lunch on, that face into the window). Their small Mac will cost you $6, the large, $9. The have to go Mac (frozen) that features a gluten free option.  For some reason, the picture of that Mac is very different than what you get live (soft, white cheese). I have yet to try a grilled cheese but that's next- there are more options, and comes with a salad so it's more of a "lunch."  You get to choose from the plain old flagship jack cheese (nothing else), fig, turkey, ham, caprese. They have some other lunch items in the fridge such as salads, yogurts, artisan sodas... They have daily soups as well.  And when there's soup, there's specialty breads.I have yet to try the Cellar (wine bar) downstairs but heard good things. It makes sense to have wine with cheese.   The store itself is pricey, but you can find a lot of grandiose cheese (and crackers, and cheese accessories, and random homemade sauces like ketchups, figs)  and the beauty is that it's not nearly as well known or crowded as say..Murray's.  One star down because I do prefer the crunchy, baked Mac n Cheese but this is pretty close to heaven.
<review# 48,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2012,11/29/2012,243,321,19,17,10>Forcella restaurants are three siblings, each with a personality of their own.There is the oldest sibling - artist/singer/songwriter sharing a living space in a loft in Billyburg,- Forcella on Lorimer st. You got your middle sibling, who hangs out in the East Village every night and has the lowdown on all the bars, bands, and Bowery in general. - Forcella on Bowery.And last but not least - the youngest sibling, who actually ended up getting a job, now, shaves regularly, and wears nice clothes to work. - Forcella on Park Ave.This youngest sibling establishment has a lot to be proud of.  I mean - Park Avenue, fully stocked bar, my favorite oven that's been imported from Naples that makes incredible pizza (the chefs have something to do with it too, I am sure).  Winning a Time-Out award for best pizza in NY, Forcella was already in the big leagues playing with the big boys, but this young sibling is about to trump everything and redefine a whole new level of success for the Forcella family. I already knew that the pizza would be incredible, so I'll spare you the details of fried "Montanara" pizza melting in your mouth as no crumb gets left behind from the most delicious dough and sauce you have ever had in your life.  Craved it. Had it. Wanted more. Nothing new.Let's talk about the appetizers instead.  kobe beef sliders==============So I came here to get very specific taste buds hit - the ones that can only be hit by a good red sauce - you know what I am talking about - the kind made from fresh ingredients imported from Napoli. These sliders definitely cleansed my palette and for a good 3 minutes, made me forget about fried pizza.  The perfect ratio of fat to meat, the flawless medium-rare preparation, topped off with some arugula leaves - I could have just filled up on those, Harold & Kumar style, and would have been completely satisfied. grilled octopus============Need an appetizer pairing for your Happy Hour drink? How about a little of this? I've had it Hibachi style, I've had it Mongolian Grill style. This, however, was a completely new flavor profile for me. All I tasted was fresh octopus and a light hint of oil.  No extra or filler spices/sauces to mask the lack of freshness. I am sure there were other ingredients, but I was enjoying this as a simple patron, instead of a yelper/foodie for once.gold-leaf covered risotto===================Alright... if the gold-leaf doesn't say "We're #1", I don't know what does.  Oh wait - how about an abundance of truffle oil and saffron? Just by looking at a risotto like this, you know that you are about to have a foodgasm*.  The soft, carefully cooked risotto bursting with flavor is how it should be done.  Chef Giulio can probably whip this up in his sleep and definitely sets the bar for other restaurants and chefs.conclusion=========If I ever write a book entitled "How To Make Park Avenue My Bitch," I am going to stop by and take some notes from these guys. I congratulate them on the success of their youngest sibling and look forward to eating in, as well as converting my entire office to Montanara as the pizza of choice for Pizza Fridays. 5 stars as always.---------* I am deeply sorry for using this word. I hate it myself - not as much as "nom," but still... the recollection of my meal is causing me to salivate profusely and is making me dizzy, thereby directly affecting my food vocabulary.
<review# 49,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2012,11/28/2012,385,701,7,15,13>The last time I remember going to a HK style cafe was when I was really young. Probably no one in Yelp remembers when Maria's Bakery/Cafe existed in Chinatown. It was just off Canal street going north. Gone are the days when Maria's Bakeries dotted all over Chinatown.Today I ordered take out from Cha Chan Tang. I tried the Pork Chop & Chicken Steak with tomato sauce served with spaghetti...yes....spaghetti at a Chinese restaurant. HK cuisine mixes western food with Cantonese food. It was fusion cuisine before they started using the word fusion in cooking. The most memorable item I had as a kid from Maria's Bakery/Cafe was...borscht soup!It's kind of odd that I remember having borscht soup from a HK cafe! I recall going home and recreating that soup with my mom. One bite of the tomato sauce and spaghetti from Cha Chan Tang and I remembered being young again. I miss those days. Hey if I want to remember my childhood maybe I should go to Cha Chan Tang more often. Cantonese is the main language at Cha Chan Tang but I speak Chinglish at best. They are fine with English so as long as it involves pointing to the menu and not get too complicated with numerous demands. Can't wait to go back.Because it mixes western influences with Cantonese...expect things like butter, cream, cheese and milk in the food which is not typical in most East Asian cuisines...in case you're allergic to dairy products, like I am.
<review# 50,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2012,11/27/2012,2947,2195,12,20,14>Come here for coffee, cocktails, or coffee cocktails[1].There's room for a crowd, or if you're on a solo mission, plug your laptop into their Wi-Fi. If the music gets a bit loud - and it can - there's always outside seating. Hungry? The seasoned fries make for a filling snack.Whether you're on a date or catching up with friends, the Randolph is the perfect bookend for any evening on the town.[1] Versatile, eh? Anyone up for an Irish coffee?
<review# 51,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2011,8/5/2011,521,449,26,17,19>Red Hook is one of the most inconvenient neighborhoods in the city. Public transportation does little to get you there easily, its shoreline makes for a particularly brutal and unbearable winter, and even the cast of The Real World: Brooklyn had no clue what to make of this place. And yet, it is often regarded as some fabled, far-off land. People will dedicate a full day to explore this mythical shanty town and all of the quirks that come along with it - a near-mandatory stop at Red Hook Lobster Pound appearing almost always on their agendas.I am not one of these people.No, I let the lobsters come to me. By way of their fancy food truck, Big Red! And this stands to be one of the bigger exceptions to the whole brick-and-mortar shop vs. park-and-serve vehicle, where the latter may actually prove to be the better of the two, based on convenience alone. That's right - I said it.Either way, at the center of this whole operation is, of course, their famous Lobster Rolls. I've had both of their signature sandwiches (Connecticut and Maine) and, let me tell you, choosing between them is like choosing between your own two children, between The Godfather and The Godfather, Part II, between James Bond and Jason Bourne, between Blair Waldorf and Serena van der Woodsen, between Cap'n Crunch and Count Chocula, between Jenny McCarthy and Carmen Electra, and, of course, between Edward and Jacob. I know!As with most things, it all comes down to preference. If you like your lobster warm and drenched in butter (and who doesn't?), look no further than the Connecticut Roll. This Constitution State variety is simple in execution, but big on taste, thanks in part to the exceptional top-split bread soaking up all that delicious, buttery goodness. Plus, the crustacean chunks they stuff into this bun are no-joke huge. However, if you like your lobster cold and served with mayo (really, who doesn't?), make yours a Maine Roll. The freshness of the lobster is on full display here, accompanied by celery garnish and some seriously special spices sprinkled on top. And again, the bread - so heavenly, it should hold together every sandwich. Either way you choose, I'm tellin' you - you can't go wrong.As for the whole food truck experience, what helps keep the line down is the $16 price tag, effectively warding off all the (how do I say this without offending anyone?) poor people. A full-portioned lobster roll is gonna cost you $30 and beyond at any other seafood joint. So while it may exceed the daily lunch allowance you've given yourself, the money spent is certainly no rip-off - it's actually very reasonable. And while you're at it, might as well splurge for their Hook-Up special for three bucks more, which adds to your order a bag of Cape Cod Potato Chips and Maine Root soda of your choosing (I go Mandarin Orange). And if you happen to be a huge dork, discover via their Twitter account that the first twenty people to wish Big Red and Company a "Happy National Lobster Day" on June 15th, then go ahead and do just that, well, you may be handsomely rewarded with a free Red Hook Lobster Pound t-shirt. Not that I have the 2XL 100% cotton garment to prove it or anything. Please.And in case you were wondering (I'll narcissistically assume you were): my unborn first son, Part II, Bond (although Bourne would win in a fight), whichever one is Blake Lively, Cap'n, Carmen, and Edward. Duh.
<review# 52,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2011,8/3/2011,243,321,13,17,15>At Forcella, your taste buds will very quickly distinguish the flavor of Napoli from everything else.  Frankly, I don't know which part of Napoli they send "cooks" from Olive Garden.  Maybe it's "Little Napoli" somewhere in the back streets of Newark.  Maybe it's some guy named Tony "Napoli" Romano who teaches out of his apartment in Brooklyn. I don't know.  All I know is that my mouth and taste buds thanked me for treating them to a true authentic taste of Napoli, which I got here at Forcella.  They also slapped me around a bit and said - "Max, you are our owner, and we love you. But don't ever go against the palette and take us to Olive Garden.  Ever."  I came here for lunch and was lucky to get a taste of the brunch menu as well.  I started with the Amalfi salad made up of radicchio, arugula, gorgonzola, pear, and nuts.  Served over olive oil directly imported from Napoli, this was a symphony in my mouth with every ingredient playing a distinct part from the crispiness of the pear to the freshness of the radicchio.  Following that up with some Antipasti, I initially was going to go with the Prosciutto Mozzarella, but wanted to try something original since you can get that dish at any Italian restaurant, so I ordered the Caponatina instead.  The eggplant, zucchini, potato, red pepper, and tomato was perfectly grilled.  Even though it was delicious, it was also very light, because l gotta be honest -  I did worry that I was not going have room for the main course.  For the main course, I was craving a red pizza, but heard rave reviews about the pizza carbonara, so decided to get both and have leftovers for the next day.  For the white pizza, I ended up with the Pizza Carbonara from the brunch menu.  I am pretty sure Giulio, the chef and the genius behind this shindig, is the only one that bakes his pizzas with ice.  I was curious, so I kindly asked him WTF - what kind of flavor is he adding with ice? If I wanted soggy pizza, I'd call Pizza Hut.  It turns out that the temperature in the oven, which is also imported from Napoli, is 1000 degrees.  In order for you not too burn the egg and dough and keep the temperature consistent, you put the ice in.  When it came out, it was the best damn tasting bread.  I usually leave the crust when I eat pizza, but here I ate the whole entire thing.  With the tasty prosciutto on top, I got my meat fix.  My red pizza followed.  You can judge a good pizza shop by ordering their most basic pizza, which is the Pizza Marguerite.  This way, they can't disguise the base and foundation of the pizza - the cheese, bread, and tomato sauce - with a crapload of toppings.  When it came out, even though I completely scarfed down my pizza Carbonara, I had to have a slice of this.  The taste matched up to its aroma and actually brought me back to Italy.  Holy Shitaly this was good.  I had to stop at the 2nd slice because dessert was coming, but took it back with me across Manhattan and on a bus back to Jersey.  The smell was so fresh and potent that I thought I was gonna get shanked and get my pizza taken away.  I was gonna put a fight for this pizza...For dessert, I ended up getting the wheat pastry with cheese.  When it comes out, it looks like it's going to be one of those Weight Watchers desserts without flavor.  That's what you tell your friends so that you don't have to share.  Scarf this down while you enjoy the moist, sweet taste of the cheese, stabbing anyone that comes close to it with your other hand.  This pastry needs nothing else.  No nutella, no cream.  The cheese is so damn good that I'd choose this dessert over any other any day.  Can't wait for this place to open up in Manhattan.
<review# 53,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2011,8/2/2011,217,107,32,12,11>Just call me a gay oracle. I managed to go on the most flaming of adventures - a trip to the BIG GAY ICE CREAM TRUCK just days before the marriage equality bill was passed. Maybe the senate dropped by this dessert truck before they cast their vote- freedom to marry, love musicals and eat homosexual ice cream!The more you eat here, the gayer for ice cream you become.( I'm now sporting a mullet after the experience.) For my first time here, I licked "The Salty Pimp." Sounds like a gross rite of passage, but thankfully it's just the name of the chocolate dipped Sundae with sea salt and dulce de leche underneath a chocolatey hardened surface. The frozen yogurt is creamy and full of flavor. (Ahem, take note, 16 handles). The toppings here are interesting touches to your average single dip, like wasabi and nilla wafers. And of course, the master of ice creamy ceremonies himself is pleasant and kind, though he seemed very tired come my turn. I get it though. It was 7 pm and a half hour wait for a scoop. Maybe he should employ some elves...or shirtless boys. Though, that may make the wait even longer...Only problem is, the line for this twink truck is LONG, so be prepared to wait - impatiently- very impatiently- for your hot tranny mess of a sundae. And I mean hot tranny in only the most literal of ways.
<review# 54,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2011,8/1/2011,315,285,8,17,15>Definitely the oontz oontz of the Pios around town, this location has the same delicious, perfectly tender chicken as the rest (and the same addictive-as-crack green sauce), but has a little more flair, darker lighting, and waitstaff that wear more makeup.I think the sangria has gone downhill a bit; I always swore it was the best in town, but last night's was a little too sugary and didn't have the nice winy finish I counted on. Don't come here if you're trying to get greens with every meal. Even the "salad" is basically just delicious, fatty avocado atop a pile of crunchy water. Menu items I always love: Papa rellena, Causa de cangrejo, Maduros. I was too full to get maduros last night, and I might need to go get some now.
<review# 55,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2010,7/31/2011,85,223,2,13,10>Whoah. The bakers here are no joke. Whether the specific offerings are to your liking or not is a personal preference, but I think anyone who has done any baking or patisserie can appreciate the level of skill that it takes to perfect these goods. Their croissants are astounding. The layers of the dough are buttery and pronounced, crisp on the outside, with some bite to the interior layers. They melt on the tongue. It's a sublime experience which I'd almost given up on in the city. I say that I don't care for croissants, but it's a lie -- I don't care for the middling offerings of most bakeries. THESE would be enough to turn me into a croissant lover if I hadn't been lying about disliking them. The almond chocolate variation is perfect. There is plenty of sweet almond paste, but not enough to make the pastry cloying, and the chocolate is rich and used in moderation so that it doesn't overwhelm the almond or the buttery dough. Every bite feels like one is ingesting the years of training that it took to perfect this product. The Almondine baguette differs from the classic French baguette with the addition of 15% whole wheat flour. Each translucent, glutenous crag is speckled with almond colored wheat germ from the whole flour. The crust is chewy. I prefer the crispy crust that I get from baking my own baguettes & getting them fresh out of the oven. Although my interiors are quite good, the texture doesn't compare to the delicate interior texture of Almondine's baguette. The macaron shells are a little chewier than I like (I prefer the slightly drier ones at Madeleine's on 23rd). But the moistness of these shells does tend to convey flavor better than a dry macaron. (Like the too-crumbly offerings at Financiers.) The flavors are limited, but classic. And that seems to be a standard at Almondine. They aren't trying to be everything to everyone, but they are clearly aiming for perfection in everything that they choose to do.
<review# 56,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2010,7/30/2011,259,651,10,20,11>I feel as if I can give a very good review of Ma Peche, as when my party was there for dinner last week, we ordered every entree, all the vegetables, and some of the appetizers.  Let's do grades.scallop (barneget light, nj) - black olive, pine nut, endive - AI liked the crunch of the pine nuts with the perfectly seared scallopsswordfish (block island, ri)  - black bean, chinese celery, crispy shallot - B+The black bean was a nice compliment to the swordfish, but I wish there was a bit more taste in the fish.eden brook trout (monticello, ny) - sunchoke, cashew, fish sauce - ANot enough nice restaurants do fresh water fish.  The trout was a perfect representation, that was very pleasing.duck (jurgielewicz farm, pa) - sausage, spaetzel, scallions - A+While everything was good, starting here, it just got better.  The duck was meaty, rich and delicious.lamb shank (niman ranch) - eggplant, rice, raisins - A+The Niman Ranch guys know what they're doing.  The lamb was fall off the bone tender, juicy and almost caused a fight of who got to have the last bit of it.pork chop for two (bev eggleston, va)- potato, cavalo nero, pancetta - AMuch of my party felt this was the best dish (where I was all about the lamb).  That being said, the pork chop was amazing.  I could have gone for the potatoes a bit crispier, but hey...carrots - bone marrow, chili, lime - ASome people were scared off by the marrow.  These people are silly.  Marrow makes everything better.grilled cabbage - beef tongue, basil, fish sauceSee above comment, but about tongue.  brussels sprouts - chili vinaigrette, mint, scallion - A-I really enjoyed these, but they didn't quite have the same umpfh as the other veggies.  Brussels sprouts have somehow gotten a bad name amongst vegetables, and I don't understand why.summer rolls - pork or shrimp, lettuce, daikon, peanut - B-Probably the least adventurous item we had.  It was fine, but unexciting.beef tartare (niman ranch) - soy, scallion, mint - AIf tartare is made properly, I almost always like it.  It held true here, and the mint was a nice touchcrispy pig's head (holthaus farm, ia) - lentils, pickled apple, mustard - A+People got scared by the concept of eating pig's head.  I like pig, but couldn't tell what part it was.  All I knew was that it was delicious, and I got more than my fair share.  Yeah!coquiallge  - king crab, calamansi, chili jam - AMmmm mmmm mmmmmmmmmmmm
<review# 57,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2010,7/29/2011,0,304,24,16,19>I don't like looking at my big fat bum,But I won't stop eating these heavenly buns!I love the airy lightweight golden onesThat are nicely glazed with rum.They're awesome!Why do I always come?Not because of the owner's good-looking son,I just love the taste of rum in a bun.Mmmm...Yum!These buns are so tasty I will not leave behind any crumbs.I always end up licking my fingers clean when I'm done.Normally, I don't drink rum.I may be young and dumb,But I'm no drunken bum!I only like rum...When it's soaking on a bun.It's like music to my tongue.When ordering pastries as a rule of thumb,I stay away from the super sweet fancy looking colorful ones.I only stick with the plain looking ones.Since I got tipsy from all this rum,  I have to warn this bun is not for everyone.Whenever I'm feeling glum, I gotta have some.If you do like rum,You better come!Treat yourself to this tasty bun.
<review# 58,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2011,7/28/2011,553,249,22,31,27>I grew up learning to support local business over homogenous corporate giants, and I try to practices these lessons even though I live in New York.With its old wood floors complete with some sawdust, K & T Meat Market is where I buy meat (and a few other goodies as well). This charming butcher shop is a great option for meat loving Astoria folks like myself.The selection is fresh, affordable and always diverse. Choose from the many cuts of meat and ask the friendly and knowledgeable staff behind the counter how best to prepare it.  I guarantee you'll be delighted by the answers you get, as they prepare your order to your liking. Enjoy the old school vibe and chat up the woman that works at the resister that is inside an old style booth (she's amazingly funny) I always leave happy with my "brown paper packages tied up with string" ready to tackle my next cooking challenge.K & T Meat Market: Taking you back to a time before meat was offered on pink trays covered in plastic.
<review# 59,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2011,7/27/2011,357,324,66,32,30>I drank a sazerac that could have doubled as jet fuel.I consumed potatoes that were more thoroughly whipped than those guys who carry their wife's purse.I obliterated creamed spinach by the spoonfull.I ate a mutton chop the size and thickness of an original Mini Cooper.I was so full of lamb that I was concerned for my own well-being.Upon leaving in my disoriented, meat-coma state, I turned to the girl and said, "That was, hands down, the best meat I've ever put in my mouth."She broke up with me on the spot.
<review# 60,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2011,7/26/2011,281,420,12,11,9>GLUTTONY to the HIGHEST degree.  Damn.  I was not feeling happy about what I had to eat after the damage was done, but while I was downing it, I was highly enjoying myself.The options are endless:Cheeseburger Nosh (self explanatory),Mediterranean Nosh (goat cheese, spinach, olives and garlic)Alpine Nosh (gruyere and BACON)Parisienne Nosh (brie, figs, mushrooms, rosemary)Cajun Nosh (cheddar, jack, andouille sausage, bell pepp, onions, etc)Buffalo Chicken Nosh (cheddar, blue cheese with boneless chicken and wing sauce, duh)ETCBesides having gluten free or multi grain macaroni, S'Mac also offers reduced lactose cheese, and has some vegan/vegetarian options (ew).  You're also able to add on any other items/mix-ins for an additional $1. I decided on the buffalo chicken nosh and it definitely did not disappoint.  Super greasy, super spicy (plus added tobasco), and 100% filling.  Typically, I'm the girl who will lick the plate clean no matter how full I am, but after 1/2-3/4 of the MAJOR MUNCH size aka medium (super gluttonous), I couldn't fit anymore in my stomach, plus I felt ill.  The staff wasn't very friendly and seemed like they were rushing us out.  Other than that, I'd definitely go back, but order the smallest, NOSH, size.  You must be insane to order the MONGO.  I was still feeling grotesque the next day.  I don't plan on going back any time soon, but what a treat!
<review# 61,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2007,7/18/2008,183,411,18,15,17>Dear Flurt, I hate to date you behind Pinkberry's back but.. you're so much less icy and that much smoother, softer and creamier.. also, your portions are so much more.. how shall I put it. Voluptuous. And your accessories? Just plentiful and well matching. You are wicked fresh. You know what I like about you? The fact that you don't flaunt your name and attract lines that are too long. Sitting with you on a Monday evening, I kept count of the number of suitors who came in to admire your unsurpassable deliciousness over the 15 short minutes.. and it averaged at 1 person walking in per minute. Amazing.Always remember, big is beautiful.Love always, Fatkid
<review# 62,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2008,7/17/2008,33,94,10,11,13>My boyfriend got a reservation for us at Momofuku Ko just in time for a special celebration :D... As with everybody else in New York, we've been trying day and night for weeks (ever since the reservation site launched!) to secure a reservation without any success. I was so frustrated that I was in a rage everytime I read / heard / passed by anything related to David Chang. A bunch of mediocre reviews from friends who secured reservations before us and photos and descriptions of the Ko menue from various blogs made me a very skeptical customer.The first 2 courses - the chicharon amuse and the english muffins were so-so, was not impressed at all BUT everything after that gave me the FOOD GIGGLES... I literally was just laughing so hard because the food was sooooooooo good. I was so embarrassed for myself and for my boyfriend but I just couldn't stop laughing. Highlights of the meal (in a more or less descending order of magnificence) were definitely the Shaved Foie Gras with Riesling Gelee and Lychees, the Short Ribs, both the desserts - Fried Apple Pie which tasted like McDonald's Apple Pie YUMM haha and the Cereal Milk Pannacota, the Coddled Eggs with Caviar and Potato Chips (I love perfectly cooked eggs!) and both the soups - the kimchi consomme with oysters and the spring pea soup.I had an amaaaazing night. All in all Momofuku Ko is a unique experience that everybody should try at least once - the painstaking reservation ordeal was definitely worth it. Also, my experience at Ko gave me a new found respect for David Chang and the Momofuku enterprise- yummy yummy yummy!
<review# 63,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2008,7/16/2008,205,261,21,9,14>I want to carry Jon Stewart in my pocket all day, he's so adorable! 5 stars!And he's funny and smart. His warm up guy Q was hilarious! Jon was (yep,we're on first name basis) very personable.  His show ran like clockwork. We're in, we laugh, we make fun of GW and we're out. Denis Leary was the guest. We got lucky.Jon's got some serious security (alliteration alert). And you can't take out your phone...don't even think about it. They are some serious security scallywags. I wanted another alliteration alert! Oh, I'm killing myself today.
<review# 64,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/22/2008,7/15/2008,163,562,39,18,31>This review is dedicated to the study of statistics, or in particular, the pearson product-moment correlation coefficient, which is the measure of correlation between two variables, X & Y.For example, the following groupings are observed to have low correlation:X = A new Adam Sandler movie being releasedY = The price of tea in Chinar^2 = Low correlation coefficientX = The Hoboken chicken emergencyY = Discovery of the terrible secret of spacer^2 = Medium correlation coefficientThe following data points reflect a high correlation:X = New Murakami exhibit at the Brooklyn museumY = 2 hour wait to get into the Brooklyn museumr^2 = High correlation coefficientX = Artichoke pizza getting a good review in Grub StreetY = 2 hour wait to get a slice of artichoke's pizzar^2 = High correlation coefficientX = Sunny, warm weather, weekday afternoonY = Ridiculously crowded bar at Bryant Park Cafer^2 = High correlation coefficientOn any given sunny workday afternoon, you can expect to find a bar packed with well heeled and generally well mannered office workers, ready to get their drink on after a long day of analyzing butterfly spreads, P&L's or control matrices.  It's a great place to network, schmooze and people watch, but it requires patience for the large crowd and the inevitable line to get in, as well as a fat wallet (or expense account) for the overpriced drinks, which leaves us with the final exercise in correlation:X = % of guys wearing ties/sport coats in a bar + visible Gucci bagsY = High priced drinksr^2 = High correlation coefficient
<review# 65,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2007,7/14/2008,608,608,38,25,37>x + "I like French fries" = yx = knowledge with the exception of opinion of French fries y = sum of knowledge prior to the introduction of Pommes Frites into my life***y + "I like rosemary garlic mayo on my French fries" = zz = sum of knowledge AFTER the introduction of Pommes Frites into my life***Conclusion: Pommes Frites is so damn good that it will even expand your knowledge base i.e. MAKE YOU SMARTER. Now, tell me...how many fast food joints out there can lay claim to a similar level of awesomeness???
<review# 66,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/18/2007,7/13/2008,43,21,62,24,29>Living in Manhattan, I've become accustomed to having certain privileges.  Cab always available, a terrific steak dinner in midtown, enough lawyers and doctors to date that I might actually be able to pay my student loan debt, and upscale bars with fantastic mood lighting.Nowhere Bar has none of these things.I had been sitting at home on Sunday night, relaxing after a long day, reading my book when my phone rang and one of my fabulous friends invited me out for drinks at this bar.  Thus a 20 minute cab ride later, I was walking into this seedy dark establishment.  Tonight...I was slumming it.The decor of the place was "dormitory chic".  Shredded toilet paper was strewn all over the floor in small piles, as well as hung from the ceiling in streamers.  Apparently, this was in the event that the bathroom was in use, you could just make on the floor and wipe up.  My friend was waiting patiently in the corner, and ordered me a cider beer.  The cost?  $5, which for NYC is really not that expensive.  Unfortunately, the cost of those beers change depending on the bartender, as the younger bartender charged us only $3 for the same drink.  Nothing turns me on more than a bartender with bad math skills...and this man was on the road to marrying me.Sunday night, was drunk college student night, but honestly, I have the distinct feeling that every night in this bar is drunk college student night.  Not that I have anything against that, but at the age of *ahem* 37 (yes...I'm admitting it), I'm a little beyond worrying how I'm going to get my term paper done after consuming several cocktails.  I'm more concerned how my 401k is going to survive a downturn in the economy.The "party" of the night had something to do with drunk hippy guys, because the man who kept getting on the microphone had not seen a bar of soap or a pair of scissors in many, many, many, MANY months!  In fact, If he hadn't been all of 23 years old, I would have considered him to be a close friend of my mother's from her Woodstock days.  I kept thinking I had fallen into a remake of the movie "hair"...a really bad remake.And just like in the movie, we had nudity.  The host of the bar made an announcement. "Come up to the bar and show me your dick, asshole, or extended vaginal lips and you'll get a free shot!"First of all...as a gay man, I have no clue what "extended vaginal lips" are...and I don't think I want to know.  And the idea of drinking an unknown shot in a college bar, while they were attempting to solicit for the amateur strip show, was probably not a good idea on my part.  I've been known to do things I shouldn't after drinking a few too many drinks.  But as the cocktail waiter approached me, and asked me to expose myself, I couldn't resist.  It isn't like I've not shown it to anyone before.  Hell...I been known to email a picture on request.  So yes...I dropped my pants for the "mystery drink".So today...two days later, my hangover finally subsiding I've learned some things.1)  I'm not in my 20's anymore.2)  No matter how free the shot...never drink cheap tequila.3)  Future rich husbands do not hang out at dive bars.4)  Cabs rarely stop in the East Village to pick up drunk people wanting to go home.
<review# 67,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2008,7/12/2008,277,531,17,11,13>IKEA Brooklyn scares me. Two intimidating words and one looooong path through thousands of unspent dollars straining at my wallet. Though the fact that I can take IKEA's special free water taxi shuttle from Pier 11 will almost surely make for a fun afternoon one day, I probably will not return until months after the opening crowds have dissipated. Unless I lose all my furniture and have to rush into buying a Karlstad chaise lounge, in which case, OUTTA MY WAY BITCHES! That versatile addition to any living room is MINE!
<review# 68,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2007,7/11/2008,308,363,17,28,20>Filli Ponte is the home of the "Angry Lobster," which you'll see advertised on the side of the building.  Every time I've driven past this place on the highway, my curiosity is piqued.  What makes this lobster so angry?  And why does this restaurant always make me think that it's a mobster hang out?  Is it because it's situated on the corner with the blinds always drawn, oh-so-close to the river, where it would be easy to make deposits to where "the fishies swim"?  Alas, my imagination sometimes gets the better of me.Let me just say this, an Angry Lobster makes for a Happy Kristine.  I never met a crustacean I couldn't tackle.  Just ask my bf who proudly proclaims, "Kristine can field-strip a lobster like nobody's business."  I don't like to brag, but it's true.  My mom taught me the fine art of dismantling crabs and lobsters alike, and it's a skill I've put to good use in many a dining situation.  It certainly didn't fail me at Filli Ponte.But perhaps I'm getting a bit ahead of myself.  We found out from the numerous celebrity photos and newspaper clippings on the walls that Filli Ponte has been around since 1967.  An amazing feat not matched by many restaurants in NYC.  Most of the photos had Mr. Ponte posing with Joe Torre throughout the decades, but we were just as surprised to see him with Tommy Lasorda, Don Mattingly, Frank Sinatra, Dean Martin and Bill Clinton.  The Sopranos even filmed an episode here last year..not quite the mob, but they played one on tv.Filli Ponte is one of those traditionally classy restaurants where the waiters are likely to be dressed just as well as you (if not better).  They were all wearing black slacks and blue French-collared shirts w/cufflinks.  Their service was as professional and blemish-free as their wardrobe.  No fewer than 4 waitstaff attended to our table, making sure we had everything we needed at any given time.  They were also always courteous and friendly.The decor was oldschool charm with upholstered chairs, exposed brick and wooden rafters.  The large dining room was very spacious and airy, with little chance to ever feel cramped.  It's the perfect spot for a romantic meal or special family dinner.My bf and I came for Restaurant Week, but we ended up ordering from the regular menu b/c I just couldn't resist the Angry Lobster.  They serve a full Italian menu, from the antipasti to primi and secondi piatti.  Definitely be prepared to spend a good two hours here, savoring each course as it comes and enjoying the view of the Hudson River while you're at it.To start, they brought us a generous bread basket with a variety of breads, a plate of parmesan chunks, and a small bowl of roasted eggplant.  They definitely bumped it up a few notches from just butter or even olive oil & vinegar.  We nearly got full just from the irresistible eggplant spread.For our appetizer, we got a crab cake salad, although I was also very interested in the grilled baby octopus app and seared bay scallop special.  The crab cake was perfectly seasoned and cooked, and sat atop a delicious salad w/aioli.  Our meal was already off to a great start.Now onto the Angry Lobster.  They serve small (2.5lbs), medium (3lbs) and large (3.5lbs) lobsters, so I went with the small.  My bf went with the Tagliatelle Alla Salsa D'astice (homemade fettuccine w/brandy, Maine lobster, sun-dried tomatoes and asparagus in a tomato-cream sauce).  His dish seemed pretty puny next to 1.5'-long plate of lobster, but since I let him share my dish, it evened out.  My lobster, in a word, was awesome.  It turns out it wasn't so angry after all, just a bit feisty.  The kitchen went to the trouble of pulling it apart for me (apparently they didn't know who they were dealing with), but I'm thankful b/c it just meant I got to the meat that much quicker.  They sauted the lobster with olive oil, garlic, basil and red pepper flakes.  So simple yet so delicious.  My fingers were dripping with oil and still, I couldn't get enough.  I only took breaks in order to have a couple bites of my bf's equally delicious lobster pasta.For dessert, we tried their banana semifreddo with fresh strawberries.  My bf definitely loved this more than I did, but I think I was still coming off my lobster high.  In the end, I still had enough meat leftover to make myself a hearty lobster sandwich a couple days later.  Don't tell me I didn't get my $70 worth!This turned out to be one of those meals that left me feeling euphoric for hours afterwards.  The romantic ambiance, impeccable service and outstanding food all made for a wonderful dining experience.  For special occasions, I'll be glad to come back and tame that Angry Lobster once more.
<review# 69,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2008,7/10/2008,78,113,199,80,85>I bought myself a pair of Louboutins for my 30th Birthday and they cost almost as much as my rent. Although you may find it unethical to spend almost $900 on a pair of shoes when there are starving children in Africa, I don't. Those shoes are the best thing that ever happened to me, and are worth every penny. Not only do they make a great wardrobe statement, but they have other uses as well:1) Feeling down? Put them on for an instant pick-me-up!  2) Career Builder: wear them on any important call and your renewed confidence and self-assurance will shine through!3) Sex (both the procurement and performance thereof)4) Defense: The 5 -inch heel makes a great tactical weapon in a pinch. 5) Wearing them regularly will increase your balance and coordination, insuring you against nasty falls and hip-replacements later in life.Clearly they are a wise investment, benefiting your personal safety, health, and career.
<review# 70,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2008,7/9/2008,385,248,48,29,34>Ok. I admit  - people in New York are hot. But when they are sweating hot? How do you describe that?SF Equinox is nice and swanky.. inside an old bank building, lockers are in a stainless steel vault, steam rooms are made of marble, gucci sport - sure.Now come to Columbus Circle. The membership goes up to almost $200 a month. The largest Equinox location in the country. Right on the intersection of Central Park South and West. And sizzling hot people... ok, not just regular hot, but eye turning, head turning, shoulder breaking hot. The space is over 37,000 square feet. Brand new machines. Five different types of treadmills and cardio machines, which have ipod connectors. Space is very clean with towels available every ten feet. Yoga, cycling, aerobics - they got it all. Also a giant pool, which hardly any NY gyms have.Just when I thought my Diesel and Lululemons were hot.. they wear Chanel's and Dior's to work out here. Fucking New York City
<review# 71,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/15/2007,1/1/2008,4860,175,28,34,28>Tonight, the "Most Glamorous" Joolie T. nominated me for "Write More!" & what Joolie T. wants, Joolie T. gets, so this review is dedicated to her.Yelpers: Why should we read your reviews?Me: Because I've been walking the streets of Manhattan since the 90s.Yelpers: So...  You walk the streets, eh?  *leer*Me: What??  No!  Bad Yelpers!  Bad!  I meant that I've been exploring the city by foot since the 90s.  I don't do -that-  If I did, would I still have these student loans looming over me?  Yelpers: Get back to the point, please.  *yawn*Me: I'm just saying that I've seen a lot of changes over the years.  I notice when stores open/close/move.  I keep you informed!Back in the day, I spent quite a bit of time at the 5th Avenue Research Library (The one with the 2 lions outside).  Not so much at the Pier 1 across the street, though.  Apparently, neither did anyone else.  Three months ago, BCBG Max Azria unveiled their new store in the space.  Super trendySuper brightSuper spaciousMost individual pieces priced in the 3 digits.  For Made in China!Given the feel of the material, I'd say generally overpriced.  Overall, not my look, but there were several good items:SILK CHARMEUSE TOP FJS15454-001"Burnout patterns are an emerging trend this season. This fantastic top looks great with tailored pants." bcbg.com/product/index.j…KAILIN SATEEN SKIRT CTN31288-410"This relaxed style will leave you with many pairing options." bcbg.com/product/index.j…SILK CHIFFON GOWN CKI64306-285"Statuesque but relaxed, this gown will turn heads at any evening affair." bcbg.com/product/index.j…My picks are not indicative of their style since I've chosen the more classic / conservative items in their inventory.See for yourself: bcbg.com/home/index.jspAccessories, handbags & footwear also available.If you need assistance, seek out Elizabeth on the main level.Open late Monday through Saturday -- Doors close @ 8:30PM.
<review# 72,isUSA=TRUE,2.0,12/7/2007,12/31/2007,2348,322,53,35,26>If you're a corporate weasel you'll love this place.If not, you might agree that the food is mediocre Greek and the decor looks like a Mediterranean themed "model home" in a development in the burbs.I bet you Zorba busts nuts tastier than this chow._____
<review# 73,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2007,12/29/2007,309,652,49,10,19>11:45pm: Vodka tonic #4...11:50pm: Mimi the drag queen telling me how hot she thinks I am and how I should totally enter tonight's hottest booty contest... luring with me with prospects of fame and $100 in cash...12:00am: ###Censored###12:45am: Compensation prize: free Grey Goose cosmo by hot bartender Frankie1:00am: Indecent proposal by Mimi the drag queen... declined... Where the hell are my hundred bucks???1:15am: Flirting with Frankie the hot bartender...2:00am: Going home defeated and disgraced...O... M... G...
<review# 74,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2007,12/28/2007,98,60,22,8,13>You know Denmark for its smoked Gouda and cartoon riots, but they also make great clothes for kids.Dig og mig is pronounced "dai oh mai" and I think it means "you and me" but I could be wrong. I only eat Danish, I don't speak it.Some really nice, unique stuff here which I will purchase for children I like. Children I don't like get Old Navy.
<review# 75,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2006,12/27/2007,61,63,15,21,11>Rrriiiiiiippppp!I've been going to Maria Bonita for over a year and can honestly say I wouldn't trust any other salon to do my Brazilian wax.  I had my first one with Regina and have remained faithful to her ever since.  She is THE BEST.  And I'll tell ya why:1. She will ask if you're okay every 30 seconds, just to make sure.2. She has fast hands, and she will even brag about it.  Trust me, the faster the better.3. She can do a Brazilian wax in under 10 minutes.  Last time we timed it... it took only 6 minutes!4. She is highly skilled, so it won't hurt too much and you won't end up with painful ingrown hairs later.  (Sorry if this review gives too much information, but I think this is the kind of stuff that ladies need to know.)5. She is super nice and will make you feel comfortable, or at least as comfortable as possible.And now, for your enjoyment, some hilarious quotations from Regina:"You won't notice... But your boyfriend will!" (said while being meticulous.)"I can do a wax faster than you can brush your teeth!"Seriously though, she is great.  The whole staff at Maria Bonita is really nice.  That is the only service I get here (forgot to mention, it's not too expensive either.. only $45 + tip), but I've heard good things about their mani/pedis and I've seen quite a few folks walk out with fabulous haircuts.  Believe me, everyone leaves this place with a smile.Basically, Maria Bonita = awesome.
<review# 76,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2007,12/26/2007,104,216,23,15,24>"You're Courtney right?"(she glances over her right shoulder... then left... surely there must be another Courtney standing there... no one is there since the place is empty of everyone except yelpers)"Me?""Yes... You are Courtney, right? You were here with other yelpers a couple weeks ago."(*Thinks to herself... was it only a couple of weeks? I've got to stop going out. I've got to stop spending money... but wait... my tab last time was only $20 for 6 drinks...hmmmm* She comes to her senses and gets some manners...)"What's your name?""John.""Nice to meet you John. We all really liked it here the last time."(He remembered my name. Shit... I don't even remember it sometimes. My own parents sometimes forgot to pick me up from school. My ex-boyfriend used to put his arm around other Asian women because he forgot what I looked like... and John remembers my name? Wow.)******Sometimes it's not the drinks (which are fine)...It's the people (yelpers and John... 5 stars)It's the price tag (low = good... 5 stars)and the friendliness... (priceless)
<review# 77,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2007,12/25/2007,55,71,13,11,14>Oh man - sorry boys but my twins have NEVER been better taken care of.This place makes me want to cry tears of joy. Yeah you have to flash a salesgirl your business but who cares!?I LOVE being doted on and this place catered to me like I was the Queen of England. I had my own personal salesgirl who was SO nice and brought whatever I wanted into the sales room. I didn't have to pour through racks scouring for my size. I was just deposited into the dressing room in the back and she brought piles of bras in the exact right size and changed out anything I wanted for different color/material/cut whatever I said!I ended up spending an obscene amount of money here but I've never been happier. This is one of those shops that doesn't seem to exist anywhere outside of New York - take advantage ladies!I went home, put one of my new bras on, and tried on my tightest clothes to see how much better they looked. WAY better! Before you go shopping for new clothes this week - go to Town Shop and get some new bras! You'll never look better.
<review# 78,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2007,12/24/2007,254,785,15,17,14>The first bite of their chicken turned my dinner conversation from its usual witty, worldly banter to a lower-pitched version of the old Japanese-to-English translation for the female judge on the Japanese Iron Chef (here's an Iron Chef Japanese clip for some reference - youtube.com/watch?v=JWwd…):"Oh my god.  I have never had chicken prepared this way before.  This is so tasty.  i just want to put the chicken in my mouth and savor its flavor for a fortnight or more.  It is so juicy - it is as if the chef talked to the chicken before it was killed and asked him to be extra juicy and the chicken had so much respect for the chef that the chicken complied.  I never realized chicken skin was so good - I thought it would be more feathery.  I wish chickens grew as big as ostriches so that there was more chicken skin to eat...."On a less hallucinatory and more succinct note, this place is great.  You order an app or two and a whole load of skewers which - at $3 a pop - can'tt really break the bank.  The skewers contain about three bite size portions of meat each so you can share.  It's like combining the best of the sashimi experience (simple adornment to the protein, you just shut your mouth and savor each pure bite) and the sushi roll experience (you can divvy it up b/w people or have several tastes per order).The place is small and cozy.  I recommend sitting in front of the preparers.  The man on the grill is so focused - I've never seen someone turn chicken on a grill with such care (a bit different than the guy with the clippers at Chirpin' Chicken flipping the birds....now i realize why that's considered obscene...).  The spice - looks like salt and freshly ground pepper - are carefully placed on each skewer while on the grill.  Granted, it's not as dynamic a show as when a hibachi chef makes a onion and oil volcano but it's still cool to watch.Service is great.  The place is small - expect a wait anytime after 6:30 or so.Here's the play by play on dishes I tried:Totto Salad - Delicious.  Mostly greens with a few slices of chicken and tomato.  But the shiso leaf dressing.  Incredible.Kaisou Salad (seaweed salad) - nice size for two.  not a HAVE to have but a nice way to start the meal.Totto Kimuchi (kimchee) - Nice crunch and spice.  Again, not a have to have but a nice start.Gyoza (pork dumplings)  Pretty good but not in the same league as most of the other items.Maguro Zuke (squares of tuna sashimi) - Really good.  Miso Dare Mune Niku (japanese style - organic chicken breast topped with scallion and special miso paste) - Holy crap. Soooo good.  Moist, flavorful.  My favorite chicken skewer.Mune (chicken breast with wasabi) - As juicy as the Chicken w/ scallion and miso paste but less flavorful.  I'd order two of the Miso Dares before ordering another one of these.Kuro Buta Negi Pon (organic pork w/ scallion and ponzu) - Nicely flavored.  Shocked to say, though, that I Iiked the chicken flavor more than pork.  Nothing makes sense to me anymore.  Cats playing w/ dogs.  Religion making sense.  Fox News telling the truth....Tsukune (chicken meat ball, in plain or brown sauce) - Really tasty.  Pounded flat and looking like more dark meat than light, it was still quite juicy.  Definitely should try.Kawa (chicken skin) - Tasty stuff.  A little saltier than the chicken pieces.  I expected really thin pieces like you flake off a BBQ chicken but these were quite thick and created a chewy, almost gummy texture.  Not a must have but worth trying.Hiza Nonkotsu (chicken knee) - 1/2 meat, 1/2 cartilage.  Liked chicken skin more.Piri Kara Mune Niku (korean style - organic chicken breast topped with spicy red paste) - Very good.  Didn't like it quite as much as the Japanese style, though.  I liked Japanese BBQ better than Korean BBQ?....less a shock than chicken better than pork but still a bit surprising...Steak Skewer - Forgot the name but it was $4.50.  Worth a skewer but not as standout as the chicken.Asparagus Bacon (asparagus wrapped in a slice of bacon) - The asparagus couldn't be crisper.  The bacon couldn't be rarer and smokier.  Yeah, this was good.Yaki Nasu Miso Dengaku (eggplant w/ miso paste) - Finally had good miso eggplant in NYC.  The miso paste is perfect and the eggplant is cooked so it's more crispy than mealy.  Me likey.For drinks, my shochu and fresh grapefruit juice was delicious - it was the first time I ever was handed a half grapefruit and a juicer and asked to add my own juice.Five stars...Yakitori Totto....I don't know if you're massaging those organic chickens like a Kobe beef cow or that's a crack rock you're grinding in the pepper grind but, whatever you're doing, keep doing it.
<review# 79,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2007,12/23/2007,147,58,23,14,15>Cepeda has nearly everything you would and might  NOT want at 2AM in the morning.  Vicks inhaler and a box of tissues after a long night of insufflating cocaine and over the counter opiates?  Cepeda.  Jealous of your displaced Nebraskan roommate bragging about how he used to get high off of cough medicine behind the barn, and you need Robitussin NOW to find out whether or not he's full of shit?  Cepeda.  Searching for that a box of milkbones that expired back in 1996? uhhhhh....unfortunately, Cepeda :(  The people are so friendly at Cepeda, it allows me to overlook the glaring health code violations.  They also have a fine assortment of 50 cent sodas, the kind that garnered a poor rep during the early 90's when urban legend makers spun a yarn about their spermicidal properties.  This has since been discounted, and you can read about it here snopes.com/racial/busine…Also, bodegas are an endangered species here in the rapidly gentrifying borough of Kings.  Sadly, Cepeda will not outlast the Alpo on their shelves, so check them out and support them while you still can.
<review# 80,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2007,12/21/2007,3042,746,18,21,22>A little bit of Underground HeavenQuality Baby, quality.If only I could take the bartender home with me and have him available to make drinks for my friends 24/7 my gooodness we'd all become alcoholics!! The drinks here will make you dream about coming back for more.If only every other mixologist in the city would take as much pride in what they pass off as a "signature drink" as the people working here do. It's really quite impressive.    \--------- /      \         /               YUM !!!        \@ /            YUM !!!          ||          ||              WE  WANT MORE!     __||__         Date Rating: 9  (especially if your date is a Jazz lover)Pick up Scale: 3Strong Suggestions:  Pick something that comes with cucumbers and fruit in it. Don't bother drinking a plain old vodka tonic or jack and coke that would just be blasphemous.
<review# 81,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/8/2007,8/20/2007,236,41,35,18,14>It's so... small."THAT'S WHAT SHE SAID!"Sorry. Had to get it out of my system. But seriously:I know that size isn't supposed to matter, but given that sex has been around since the beginning of man... you'd think there would be more to the museum than a few cramped floors.  Overall, it was overpriced and felt oddly politically-correct. Do yourself a favor and just troll the internet for 15 minutes instead.(Kids, do NOT try this at home.)
<review# 82,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2007,8/19/2007,157,490,18,21,19>A few weeks back, I noted with some interest a spate of reviews on Indian sweets. That reminded me that I hadn't written up anything outside of the incomparable, Ras Malai. In the subsequent period I have been sampling various sweet shops in Manhattan and Queens. The one that deserves high praise for consistently excellent quality and value for money is: Sukhadia. For $8.99 a pound you can pick up an assortment of delicious sweets in one box. These are not the traditional Gulab Jamun variety, but almost any and everything is delectable. My favorite items here include Coconut Barfi, Mango Barfi, Cashew Roll (stuffed with pistachio), Kaju Katli, Almond Roll (pistachio filling), and Carrot Halwa (divine when heated slightly).The issue I have with most Indian sweet vendors is that their product is so rich that one can't possibly feel anything but heavy after consuming them. However, Sukhadia excels in the ability to get the serving size right and doesn't OD on sugar. This is a rare skill and merits them 'Best in Class' status.Despite my unstinted praise for their product, I am subtracting the fifth star for spotty service - more of an issue when the manager was away for a few months. Apparently, he had gone back to India to get married ... and as a result, smiles more often these days. He is very efficient and professional and I hate to frequent the shop whenever he isn't around. The replacement is often on the phone taking delivery orders (they also run a restaurant) as opposed to attending to you.Sukhadia has outlets in Chicago, New York, and Edison, NJ. I can't say for the original location in Chicago, but as I understand the New York outlet sells sweets made in the Edison Kitchen. Thus, the difference between having a good experience and a GREAT one is the ability to spot which is the fresher dessert - the one that has been brought into the city that same day. As the observational skill will take ordinary mortals some time (and a few hundred thousand calories!) to master, I would suggest opting for the selection that seems least disturbed by sales. Generally, I've noticed that the trays that are almost full, are the ones that are the freshest.Otherwise, I recommend a strategy that I've successfully used here: Look at the server in all earnestness and say that you have to buy a few boxes to take to a wedding. Lo and behold, smart businessmen that they are, they will search inside the closets to find you what is the very best of the goodies on display. The philosophy was once shared with me "You are taking my product to a wedding. Everyone will want to know where you got the sweets from. I can not spoil my reputation by coming up short" (and losing potential for significant orders subsequently as weddings/functions are the occasions where they sell the most - for every attendee HAS to partake in sweets).Going back to the observational skill, I often read with some amusement the gracious praise that comes my way at yelp for the passion I have for desserts. I thought I might share an interesting anecdote in this regard. When I was a toddler, my family was visiting a number of shrines of sufis and saints across Punjab in Pakistan. At one particular shrine of a saint who lived in the 12th Century (and was fond of sugar and all things sweet), one of the elder faqirs (Baba) who was sitting quietly (they don't talk for days on end), as if in a trance, got up all of a sudden and came towards my mother. "Child", he intoned, "You will never lack sugar in your life". He paused to hear the small crowd nearby chatter excitedly at the unexpected blessing of the Baba. Then continued: "Nor will one of your children". With that, he walked back to resume his meditation. I have absolutely no recollection of this event, but given that my Mom is the only one of her siblings to love dessert and I've had more than my share of them, I often wonder how much there is to life that one can not explain rationally!
<review# 83,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2007,8/18/2007,89,252,9,22,14>:::Choir of angels:::Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!It's here, on little tiny Jones Street.  The best damn meal you have had in ages, served without pomp, circumstance or pretense, in clean, simple, unfussy surroundings.  I know.  How hard should it be to find seasonal American fare that doesn't require the sale of a kidney or come with a side order of supercilious?  Not hard at all, now that Harold Dieterle and his crack team of sincere foodloving staff are ensconced in this gem of a restaurant.  Where to begin?  Well, look, I watched "Top Chef" and I was a huge Harold fan.  His food always looked like food I wanted to make and eat myself.  The restaurant delivers exactly the kind of food you would expect him to create:  genuine, well-prepared, creative and traditional, all at the same time.  Looking forward to coming here tonight was a wonderful anticipation, and for once, the reality exceeded my expectations. We began with a drink at the comfortable bar.  We had reservations for 6:45 but we got there early to relax.  The bartender (I can't remember her name, was it Erin? ) recommended several wines to me, allowed me to try them all, and then Jamie the maitre'd came by to offer her suggestion.  Jamie lives in our building so I took her seriously, since if she made a bad choice for us, I would give her what for in the elevator.  I went with a lovely Tempranillo, because I wanted to have lamb, a Museum Real from Spain, well priced at $9 a glass.  Silky, velvety and richly fruity, it was a wonderful start to the evening.  Peter had a Lagavulin which was quite overpriced at $20. When seated, we listened to our server and Jamie while deciding.  We had read all the reviews, including the Times review, which they were all somewhat disappointed with, and we both had items we wanted to try.  I began with the Berkshire pork belly ($10) and Peter had the duck meatballs served with a quail egg ($10).   We didn't think the meatballs were that memorable, but they were tasty.  The pork belly was an enormous cloud of meaty fat, perched upon mushrooms and braised greens which cut the overwhelming richness of the belly, which was enhanced by a vanilla gastrique which was very nicely done and understated.  The portion was so large and the belly was so porky and rich that I was unable to finish.  Which was sad!For main dishes, Peter ordered the skate wing with pastrami and cabbage ($24, I think), and I got the Colorado lamb chops and breast served with parsely root mousseline and cippolini onions ($29).  The skate was easily one of the best, most imaginative and yet traditional dishes I have had in recent memory.  The pastrami enhanced the delicate skate and the cabbage supported the unusual texture in the most remarkable ways--I can't say enough about it, and the portion was enormous.  My lamb was perfectly cooked, with the breast meat richly shredded in the greens of my dish, and the onions providing a savory,slightly sweet accompaniment to the gamy lamb.  The only letdown was the parsely root mousseline, which really did nothing at all for the dish, due to the nonexistent taste.  I was disappointed that it didn't work because I think it was a good idea.  We also ordered a side of faro risotto.  This had to be one of the best dishes I have ever had.  Faro is like a wheat berry...chewy, dense, nutty and a wonderful texture when chewed.  This risotto was simply divine.  Artichokes, soft as puppy ears, dotted this garlicky, creamy,  parmegiany pot of savory goodness.  It's topped with some grapes, which we ignored, since we don't like sweet with savory.Service was friendly, eager, warm and genuine.  Bread was whole grain and delicious, served with a green, fruity, grassy olive oil and a tiny wooden ramekin of salt.  Water came with reckless abandon and plentitude.  The bathrooms were cute, albeit small.  The manager strode up and down the narrow restaurant constantly, asking whether everything was to our liking, asking if I needed more wine, folding napkins and overseeing a very well-run dining room.  The hum of satsified diners and the well-chosen music provide enough noise to be animated but you won't find yourself straining to hear your companion.We were simply too full to have dessert, but they looked and sounded lovely.  Harold was too busy to come out and say hi, but given the care and effort laid bare on every plate, I was happy to hear it.  This is a wonderful place to come for a nice evening meal on a regular basis if you live nearby, and it is good enough and refreshingly honest enough to make a point to come here even if you live out of town.  There were several families with kids there when we visited, and for nice, well-behaved kids, this is a great place, because the food isn't "weird" or overly presented.  Note, I said nice kids.  Don't bring a screamer here, please.   The prices are a hair under what you would expect them to be, and the food is quite delicious.  Well done!
<review# 84,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2007,8/17/2007,7,29,16,11,10>I figured out the secret behind the mixed reviews of this place. I live in the neighborhood and love this hole in the wall mission of buttery goodness. But the crepes go from just ok to amazing depending on who is behind the counter. If it's the willowy shy girl you're in luck. She's a crepe perfectionist who takes her art seriously. Her butter and sugar crepe is better than many I have had even in Paris. If it's the stoner guy it's a bit hit or miss. Either way don't forget to get a fresh lemonade. And yes, the sweet crepes kick the savory ones' ass. I mean, in a street fight would you put your money on feta or nutella?
<review# 85,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2007,8/16/2007,309,652,51,23,31>Tuesday night, 11pm, I'm passed out on my couch in my pajamas in front of America's Got Talent, having nightmares about Sharon Osbourne and the Hoff.... Phone rings....DAVID: Huh?ARNAB: David it's Arnab! Come out! We're going to Beige! It'll be fun! Wake up! Come on! Don't be lame!.......DAVID: Huh whut?ARNAB: Beige! Gay night! Let's go out! I'll be there in 10 minutes! Meet us there! I'm moving to London, we have to go out!......DAVID: Huh? (Beige... the word slowly sinks in...) Call you right back!Stream of consciousness: Beige... isn't that the place where all the hot models go?... Oh but no, it's Tuesday night, I have to meet with my boss tomorrow at 9am!... But David don't be lame... you've always wanted to go to Beige... But oh no, I've been drunk for five days straight, I just can't have another drink... But think about it: cute boys!... And Maritess said you were a party animal, you have to live up to your reputation!... But I'm wearing pajamas, and I'm already half asleep... What to do? What to do?... Call Arnab back now!DAVID: Still going to Beige?ARNAB: Yeah, come out! Meet us there! I'm drunk! Let's go out! It'll be fun!.......DAVID: I'll be there in 15.Two minutes later I've tossed my pajamas and put some clothes on, three minutes later my hair is gelled and I'm hailing a cab, and ten minutes later I'm getting off the cab at the corner of Bowery and East 4th. Is this a line I'm seeing? Is it really going around the fucking block?! Now someone please explain to me: don't people in this city ever work? Thankfully Arnab's at the front of the line, so I cut shamelessly in front of everybody else and five minutes later we're in. Mother of God! I never thought such a high density of cute boys per square meter was physically attainable... The place is beautiful, there's a good beat, and did I mention it's teeming with cute boys?... I go to the bathroom, some dude washes my hands for me (eh... why the hell not...), I come out only to discover more cute boys... Some German girl shows me her boobs (yeah... I don't know what it is about me... girls love to show me their boobs...), then she tells me she's married... Arnab's making out... I'm chugging my beer, and I see more cute boys... I'm a fucking zombie because I haven't slept in five days... I go pee again and the same dude washes my hands... I almost choke when I come out of the bathroom and see the two cute boys standing there... and I know I have got to leave now or lord only knows where I'll wake up tomorrow morning... This city is killing me...
<review# 86,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2007,8/15/2007,112,65,10,16,15>How can you deny 5 for $1 dumplings? No, seriously, you've got an unlimited Metrocard, two legs, and rent is due. What better place to stuff your face with what you would pay in tip? Sure it lacks "ambiance" that Rickshaw and Dumpling Man have, but think about what you're getting in return... a full tummy of greasy goodness (with money left over for a cocktail later)
<review# 87,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2007,8/14/2007,104,216,12,11,13>I'm the worst kind. I'm high maintenance but I think I'm low maintenance. Yes, just call me Sally, apple pie with ice cream on the side... But it is nice when you can walk into a place, order egg whites, smoked salmon on a toasted english muffin, no cheese, no sauce... and no it is not on the menu, and your wish is granted with a smile for only $3.
<review# 88,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2007,8/13/2007,6,2,5,7,8>I love this place.  Tons of reviews already, so I'll just give a list of pros - and cons (yes, there are some, despite my 5 star rating - their good stuff is _that_ good).  Pros1) Kitchen is open late (2am, I think)2) Thick, juicy, and cooked to order - most places overcook their burgers, but Dumont will serve up yours exactly as requested.  And their bun won't get all soggy and fall apart in your hands.  Not that there's anything wrong with licking your fingers clean, I just dislike soggy bread...3) "Mini" size for those with undersized stomachs (or for those gluttons who want a burger with their mac and cheese)4) Mac & cheese - amazingly rich,  plenty of gruyere cheese and bacon, and perfectly browned on top.  A must try.Cons1) I think the place holds a total of 20-22 people, so at peak times, expect to wait.  A long time. Delivery takes a while (45 mins - 1 hour at peak times).  Pick-up is a good option (15-20 mins)2) The onion rings - batter is too bready and there's too much of it.  Fries are better, but occasionally over-fried.3) Salad (alternative to fries and onion rings) is a little uninspired - some mixed greens and dressing - no other veggies mixed in for texture or anything.  Could do better.4) Stay away from the potato leek soup - was like eating heavy cream.
<review# 89,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2007,8/12/2007,93,268,3,13,15>generally i don't bother to write reviews for places that have been reviewed this many times already, because usually i don't have much to say that hasn't been said before.  but on this occasion, i have a few items to point out:1. i don't understand why everyone is complaining that this museum is so difficult to navigate!  it's really not, i promise you.  admittedly i've been going to the brooklyn museum for my entire life, but any art museum as full as this one is going to be a bit overwhelming on your first visit.  do you really think the Met is any easier to navigate when you're there for the first time?2. the brooklyn museum is, as far as i know, the only museum that has visible storage facilities, which are AMAZING (you can find them on the top floor, off of the permanent collection.)  the museum's renovations a few years ago were not limited to the entrance, and they added this visible storage facility because such a small portion of any museum's collection is ever on display at one time.  it's a climate-controlled room filled with glass cases, and densely packed in those cases is so much artwork -- paintings, sculpture, furniture, pewter pieces, there's even a bicycle.  there are also computers throughout the room so you can look up more information on a piece you like, using its catalog number because the cases are so full that there isn't even room for labels identifying each piece.3. let us not forget the battle with giuliani in 1999 when the brooklyn museum a) hosted the Sensations exhibit, despite the controversy that came with it (it was called Sensations for a reason), and b) continued to host the exhibit even when people protested and giuliani threatened to take away the museum's city funding.  they held strong, in the name of art and freedom of speech, and i will always admire them for it.
<review# 90,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2007,8/10/2007,254,785,16,17,18>There are plenty of reviews that have been written canonizing this pizza.  And a few that provide the inevitable backlash/contrarian view to combat all the hype.  This review aims to use the elements of the Di Fara experience as ingredients towards a larger contemplation of man's quest for perfection - consider it an homage to Dom's attempt to honor his fantastic ingredients via his pizza-making.....except with infinitely more pretentiousness (extra cheese?) and infinitely less virtuosity (canned sauce)."What is the price of perfection?" I ponder during my long wait for receiving one man's (a spry, near septuagenarian Dom Demarco) attempt at creating perfection within an edible 15 inch circle of tomato, cheese(s), and dough.  Now this isn't my initial thought, mind you.  I entered with my heart a-thumpin' as I finally found myself at the oft-proclaimed best pizzeria  in New York.  My initial thoughts vacillate between: 1) an internal loop of "I'm gonna have Di Fara pizza" that resembles both Eddie Murphy's old "I have some ice cream" stand-up bit and commercial pleadings of cartoon dogs for Snausages and Kibbles & Bits2) concern over whether the wait will drive the rest of my family crazy (My cousin had a party about 2 miles away and, after hearing how excited I was about the pizza, my mom, dad, 2 sisters, and sister's fiancee decide to join me in the experience).These pragmatic concerns are taken care of by the key decision (after 30 minutes of waiting) to take 6 slices (1 for each of us) in lieu of our first pie (I had ordered a 2nd pie to go).  The slice was great but too complex to make any grand assessment of it.  I'm left longing for another slice as I bid adieu to my family who head back to the land of malls and hair spray (NJ).As I wait for my pie to go, I start to take in my surroundings. There's nothing fancy or romantic about the place - the only thing distinguishing it vs other northeastern pizza joints are the various framed articles touting Di Fara.  (Not that other pizza places don't toot their own horn - if I had a nickel for every pizza box I've seen with the 'You've tried the rest.  Now try the best' line.  At least Di Fara employs third-party assessments...).  But this place is different in two key ways:1) There isn't a dough-slinger or chef behind the counter - there's an artisan.  You can tell it in the way Dom grates the buffalo mozzarella onto each pie (vs. having the bucket of grated mozzarella cheese to sprinkle on).  Or the way he chops basil and grates another type of cheese (grana padana) to top off the finished pie as classical music plays in the background.                2) There isn't a line of customers waiting for a pie or some slices.  There is chaos. Perhaps due to naivete, I pictured the wait for a Di Fara pie to be a communal experience.  People bonded together for one common objective --- sharing a mutual respect...yadda yadda yadda.  But I'm not seeing a lot of that.  Whatever positive motivations everyone brought to the pizzeria have all but disappeared thanks to the long wait and the infuriating lack of an equitable ordering system. And it's this yin/yang battle separated by a pizza counter that gets me thinking about the price of perfection.  Watching Dom apply his craft is a treat and I can only hope he finds inner peace and tranquility in it.  But the desperation, conflict, and opportunism (people try and often succeed at getting their pie before others) on the other side of the counter feel like a microcosm of other quests for perfection.  Blood diamonds (perfect jewel).  Ethnic cleansing (perfect race), Enron (perfect scam). Steroids (perfect male body).  Eating disorders (perfect female body), The unnecessary zaniness that Balky inflicted on Cousin Larry (perfect strangers), etc.  Is the quest for perfection - even one much more noble than all the above examples - ever worth the cost?After probably 60 minutes of such philosophizing (on top of the earlier 30 minutes), I finally get my pie and can find out whether the pizza truly is worth it.  The first slice is fantastic.  The interplay of the two cheeses has such a sharp, rich taste to it.  The San Marzano tomatoes taste so rustic and earthy.  The basil complements both the cheese and tomatoes.  The crust has a great char to it.  It's like no slice I've had before.  Another slice confirms the assessment --- this could very well be the best pizza I've ever had.But I'm still not totally satisfied.  I don't know if it was the hype, the wait, self-inflicted nihilism or a bit of all three but this odyssey didn't end up being about a search for the best pizza --- it became about a search for the perfect pizza.  And perfection is too much to ask of anyone - even Dom.
<review# 91,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2014,2/20/2014,338,231,9,24,17>Ahhh...to be back in Spain :) I visited Madrid a few months ago from NYC. I can't explain how excited I was when I found out 100 Montaditos was opening up right here in my city. It is exactly as I remembered it. I would frequent this place in Madrid at least once a day for a quick lunch. First off, have you seen their prices? Their mini sandwiches range from $1-$2.50. The specialty ones for $2.50 are def my go-to.  You will more than likely feel overwhelmed with 100 to choose from (hence the name). Please note- I recently returned and they no longer have happy hour deals and Wednesday specials are very limited to a few items. I should've deducted a star for inconsistency bc they also removed my favorite Montadito off the menu but the place is still awesome and the quality of the meat is excellent.
<review# 92,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2013,2/19/2014,2727,369,22,41,30>Extravagant and fancy Korean restaurant on the 39th floor in NYC's KTOWN. It doesn't get any better than this. It's on the corner of Broadway and 32 street, so the view out of their floor to ceiling windows is amazing! It's beautiful during both day and night. You come for the ambiance, and stay for the food and service. Impeccably done, if I may say so myself.As soon as you enter the building, there is a hostess that walks you over to the elevator and tells you that Gaonnuri is on the 39th floor. You take the elevator and the doors open into the restaurant. It's a huge open space surrounded by windows that do not take away, in the slightest bit, from the view of Midtown and lower Manhattan. It is sectioned off into two seating areas- one for the bar and the other for the restaurant. However, if you do feel like treating yourself to a dessert or a meal while you are having a glass of wine, they will more than gladly serve you at the bar seatting area too. Not a lot of people come to Gaonnuri just for drinks, so it is easier to get a table at the bar area without much of a wait. It's a loophole I discovered not too long ago :) I don't want to bash on all the restaurants in Korea Town, but most of the Korean food is garbage. It's nothing compared to the authentic dishes that my grandmother and mom make back at home, so I refrain from dining out in Korea Town as much as I can. I either make a trip back to my parents' or to Queens if I get a dying pang and yearning for Korean food that my own cooking can't satisfy. I've also dined at JYP's Kristalbelli, which is another attempt to translate fine dining through Korean dishes, but I found that both the food and restaurant concept were lost in translation... Ha ha ha. But I think, Gaonnuri hits the bullseye. Their dishes aren't what we call "soul food" but it can't be, since their target patrons aren't rural city dwellers of South Korea. Their price point is doable too! I was shocked that a dolsot bibimbap was only about $5 more than the rest of Korea Town. It is well worth your money, especially the ribs and pork bossam!! Presentation of the food and service is impeccable, as it should be. The waiters speak broken English and with discernible accents so it's best to be patient!Also, I highly recommend their snickers dessert! It is a plate of little parcels of four type of ice cream that you scoop up little bits at a time to imitate the texture and taste of a snickers bar. It is SO delicious!
<review# 93,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2014,2/18/2014,1379,2327,42,50,49>Highlander - there can be only one!As I trekked through the highlands of Scotland by way of NYC, weary and parched from our epic journey, we saw in the distance a beacon of comfort and safety. Slowly we walked up to the unassuming front entrance and pushed through the barrier door - lo and behold, tis be a fine drinking establishment indeed!Manly dark wooden accents, dim lighting, stained glass, long bar, hidden seating in the back, ancient paintings on the walls, warm cozy fireplace with cushy leather chairs to sit in and converse over many brews. A place that Scottish warriors and noblemen alike would be proud to call their own. Shoolbred's in NYC is the motherland for these fine people.The barkeep was a fine gentleman who handed us the menu and was very welcoming. We had told him of our journey to this far neatherland and he was more then willing to tell us of the special secret of the day. Something called "happy hour" that afforded us a wooden trinket to be handed in for another brew. My God, what kind of magic was this? We were taken in by it's spell. We chose an ale called Rare Voss made in some country called Ommegang, and a potion of Hot Mulled Cider that the barkeep whipped up as his specialty. Both were exceptional and worthy of a second round which we drank heartily. Methinks a return trip to this land should be planned to take in a hot toddy or two.Yet, we needed some food sustenance after a long day. Perusing the menu there caught my eye a perfect choice - french fries with malt vinegar. These fine spuds were served to us cooked dark, thick, and with a fresh potato flavor. Drenching them in malt vinegar only enhanced the experience more. Our thirst and hunger were quenched.I also gleaned over a dutiful selection of scotch and whiskeys behind the bar. Mighty tempting, but that be for another time....On this day we had arrived late in the afternoon, as it seemed the sun was just over the horizon at about 4:30 or so. Night was falling. Just a few local townsfolk and fellow travelers were inside resting their feet and bellying up to the bar. The sounds of music were at a soft level and conversation was easy. Yes, tis a fine establishment indeed laddies and lassies. I would recommend this a destination for anyone looking to replentish their souls for a wee bit.Our minds were now at ease, and we made on our merry way to further adventures.
<review# 94,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2013,2/17/2014,487,104,9,15,12>I honestly have to hand it to the Epicurean Management, because they seize to amaze me in the number of great restaurants they put out.  My favorites are l'artusi and dell'anima (in no particular order, of course). L'Artusi is named after is named for Pellegrino Artusi, who published a cookbook called The Science of Cookery and the Art of Eating Well; apropos, this place definitely allows you to eat well.  If you want to truly impress your future ex-girlfriend/ex-boyfri end, bring her[him] here.  Sit him[her] at the bar kitchen; enjoy the ambiance, and point out the "cute" stickers and postcards posted around the kitchen top..... and order the following.....fluke ceviche, chicories (the anchovy dressing is actually quite delicious, just bring gum or a breath mint for later), spaghetti, roasted quail, and hanger steak.  I'm actually getting nostalgic writing this. Unfortunately, I did not leave any room for dessert....a great excuse to go back. Enjoy!P.S.  I really hope they put the grilled octopus back on the menu!
<review# 95,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2014,2/16/2014,559,1415,3,8,7>Distinctive flavors, friendly service and warm decor create a welcoming environment to enjoy a great meal.All the food was great.  Loved the warm bread with goat cheese, the lamb tacos and my friend's lamb adana.  My chicken adana was terrific too, as was the fried calamari with peppers appetizer.  Drinks were pricey at $15 a pop, but the Southern Date and the Figure it Out were both exceptional.Our service was delightful from beginning to end.   If you'd like something different from other places in this part of midtown, treat yourself and delight your friends with a visit to Pera.
<review# 96,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2013,2/15/2014,245,103,9,29,10>So, this is a cool place, undeniably. Sweeping city views, nice water sunset views, trendy crowd, expensive (tasty) drinks, etc. As far as roof top views, this is one of the top 3 I have been to. I came here, most recently, with a group of 4 girl friends. We split a pitcher of cucumber sangria (good) and snagged a coveted table by the water. Our waitress was awesome.  I think a pitcher was 60 bucks, but it was easily 2 drinks a person, so it seemed, (at the end of the night) to be a pretty fair deal. I like crepes and they have good ones here (for around 7 bucks).There is a jacuzzi/pool when you first walk in, and people were in it - like dancing in it. I am perhaps a slight germaphobe (like, I don't need to wash my hands after petting your dog, but I will need to wash my hands after holding a subway pole) and I think I would not get into this little pool ever. You can buy a bikini on the fly though, if you are into that. Overall, very "cool" spot.  Honestly, I get a little overwhelmed at places that are super "scene" and this place is sceney. I feel most comfortable in a dive bar with chill music playing, this place is the opposite of that. The views though, are worth it. I saw multiple people get turned down at the door, even on a Wednesday evening. When we arrived, a group of girls in front of us got turned away and 2 guys got turned down.  This bouncer is serious, folks. My takeaways:  dress nicely, go early, drink sangria, enjoy the view. This place is worth checking out at least once.
<review# 97,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2014,2/14/2014,1726,1086,11,14,12>We sat around my friend's UES apartment debating whether to order in or visit Luke's--it was Snowpocalyse 2014, after all! Confusion with my Seamless and Grub Hub apps answered the question for us, so we braved the elements and trudged through the snow (which was pretty well cleared by Friday evening--props, UES!).At first glance, Luke's Upper East was more spacious and more comfortable than its East Village sibling. And luckily, there was a party of 3 leaving, just the right L shape for us to Tetris our way into the high table. The lobster traps and other Maine kitsch set a nice maritime ambiance without going overboard (zing!).The guy at the counter was hip and friendly. I got a lobster roll and my friend and the SO both went for the lobster grilled cheese sandwich. The latter was outstanding--gobs of cheese and chunks of lobster in between two slices of bread--what could be better? My lobster roll was delicious, comparable to the rolls I had in Portland, and came on one of those delicious split-top buns that are just perfect.There were some good beers on the menu, but me and my beau split a bottle of Thirsty Owl Riesling (Finger Lakes Strong!). The wine was on the dry side, crisp and refreshing, well paired with cold fresh seafood. They also have Maine root beers; not my thing but it might be yours. My companions ended the night by splitting some big, decadent chocolate cookie, and I'd be lying if I said I didn't dip in (it was good).Overall, a very good experience. I look forward to trying more stuff off the menu--they have a nice sample for ~$22 that gives you half portions of the lobstah, shrimp, and crab rolls, with all the trimmings (cole slaw, pickles, chip, drink).
<review# 98,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2014,2/13/2014,313,125,14,28,21>I am proud to say that I have finally made it to Shopsin's. On several occasions, this place was either crowded or closing.When I arrived, I was so excited to see that there were tables available. Thank you rain!!I have been craving this place for months, drooling over the pics posted on Yelp & also after watching the documentary on Netflix. I was very indecisive on what to order. The menu is a two page, long list of many concoctions that Mr. Shopsin has created & I wanted to try a bit of everything. I decided to order something comparatively light & got the Banana Pecan Brown Sugar Pancakes with a side order of bacon. The pancakes were soft & moist. The banana was ripe & it's sweetness balanced well with the slightly salty flavor of the pecans. I only added some maple syrup because it came in a cute little bottle.I sampled the Santana Pete & OMG, what a flavorful open faced sandwich that was. The toasted bread was coated with an amazing spicy green sauce. It was topped with jack cheese, 3 poached eggs, spicy chorizo & cilantro. They provide two spicy homemade sauces; the red bottle was more vinegary than the yellow. Both were good.The only downside to this place is the price. For 2 people, the total was $40; 2 dishes, a side of bacon & 3 cups of coffee but it was well worth it. I definitely recommend this place to all New Yorkers & those visiting here. I can't wait to come back & try the mac 'n cheese pancakes.
<review# 99,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2014,2/12/2014,639,206,23,34,26>I can't believe I haven't reviewed the Kati Roll Company yet!  Located a couple of blocks from my office, this is a frequent lunch spot for me, and by now, I have tried all of the different varieties of these Indian burritos.  For the shell / wrap, you can choose between the layered paratha and the whole wheat roti; both options are tasty but the roti is healthier, for those who care for healthy options (this fat boy is not one of them!).   Here are some of my favorite rolls:- Unda roll: seasoned fried egg layered into a flat bread roll- Chicken tikka roll: chunks of spiced chicken rolled up into a flat bread shell.  You can have Unda (seasoned fried egg) added to this one for a slight upcharge; I think it gives an added dimension to the roll and makes it even tastier.- Beef tikka roll: similar to the above, but more flavorful in my opinion.  The Unda option is also available for this roll, and that makes this my favorite item here. - Shrimp masala roll: pretty self explanatory after reading the descriptions above.  Very tasty; one of my friends gets two of these every single time, and has not tried any of the other ones because she feels like she has found what she loves and does not need to look any further.  The Unda option is NOT available for this one, much to my dismay.  They don't have the Unda option listed on their menu, and they don't budge from established practice.  A couple of times, when I really wanted Unda in my shrimp masala roll, I just purchased a shrimp masala roll and an Unda roll, and combined them myself! - Channa masala roll: curried chickpeas in the roll; tasty enough, but not on the top of my list of favorites just because I am more of a meat lover. - Aloo masala roll: spiced potatoes in the roll.  The Unda option (layer of fried egg, as described above) is available for this one.  I hadn't expected the combination of egg and potatoes to be very good; but it did turn out to be quite tasty.  I realized that, after all, we do eat breakfast potatoes with our omelet, so this worked just as well. They do not have restrooms here; be aware of that in case you decide to dine in.  Like most of the restaurants in East Midtown where space is scarce, the interior is very cramped.  The posters of Indian movies from the 60s is a nice touch. The minimum amount for a credit card charge is $9; but since I always eat at least two rolls, this has never been a problem for me.  If you buy two rolls of the same type, you get a small discount.
<review# 100,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2013,2/11/2014,224,218,9,19,19>4.5 Stars (for now)Since yelp has already broken up the Manhattan Waterfront Greenway (NYC Greenway Path) and reviewed the Hudson River portion, I felt it only fair someone should finally recognize the apparent black sheep of that family...Sure the paths themselves on the East River side aren't as well maintained, nor in nearly as good shape (be careful biking at night).Sure it isn't continuous; it won't take you from Battery Park, all the way up the eastern shoreline to Inwood.Sure it's under construction in many places- But hey, at least it's under construction.So yeah, I guess that makes it the 2nd Avenue Subway line of bike paths- but, it's a start. Until they can get the full funding, and figure out how to move some United Nations offices, we're stuck with what we got. I've seen projections that say most of the Greenway could be completed by 2015, and others that say it won't be fully completed until closer to 2020. Until then, take advantage of what we have.I personally prefer the East River portion of the Greenway, as you get to see much more of NYC (as opposed to NJ, from the Hudson River side). I also prefer it because it's much less traversed, so you can enjoy that scenery without being overly preoccupied looking out for pedestrians, bladers, runners, unattended children, and so on...You get a great view of the Statue of Liberty and Verrazano-Narrows Bridge as you round the bottom of the island and on around passed the Staten Island Ferry (where there's a Citi bike kiosk)- there is still ongoing construction to this area (due to Sandy), so keep your eyes pealed for detours. From there you can see Brooklyn across the river as you ride north passed the South Street Seaport. Then you get to ride under the Brooklyn, Manhattan, and Williamsburg bridges as you continue uptown. There are dozens of great spots to pull over and take in the beauty of the city along this path; I personally enjoy hanging under the Brooklyn Bridge on one of the benches.As you're nearing the Williamsburg bridge, you will be riding adjacent to East River Park (an oft overlooked gem of the NYC parks department) from here, if you want to get off the greenway, you can take the footbridge over the FDR at Delancey st/Williamsburg Bridge. Otherwise, you can keep riding uptown, where the path narrows into a bottleneck around the Con Ed plant at 15th st. In another 15 blocks, you'll pass the Water Club (signs say to walk bike, no one does). From here, it isn't too much further until the greenway breaks off at 37th st (another Citi bike kiosk) and you must ride over to the 1st avenue bike lane if you wish to continue uptown. At 54th street you can cut back east, towards the river, until you get to Sutton Place. Take Sutton north to 63rd street where you can once again connect with the East River Greenway (Bikeway). Then you can continue on the path for another 60 blocks before you once again have to detour back into the city.I know we all want our Big Apple Pie and eat it too, but until then- let's be happy with what we've got. The East River Greenway is a wonderful, under-appreciated pathway for us to enjoy. So do just that- enjoy.
<review# 101,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2008,12/12/2008,545,1338,8,16,12>With 189 reviews and counting, it's nice to see that every review is comprised of different meals.We sat upstairs which is much more lighted than the downstairs. Italian sayings are framed on the walls, there is a giant skylight, white wainscoting lines the yellow walls, the tables are tiny, and a large treelike centerpiece sits directly under the skylight. The stairs also adorn a typical Florentine pattern. We settled on the traditional tasting menu. The menu at Babbo is really expansive. We thought the traditional menu would give us the best overall experience of Babbo. One thing I may add is that the waiter at Babbo asked if we had any food allergies. Embarrassed we held back and did not tell him that we were allergic to milk and eggs. What would be the point of coming to Babbo? We wouldn't be able to eat anything!! Luckily, there were no allergic reactions and no trips to the emergency room. Complimentary was the bread. It was really rustic, cold and hard. Flavorless. That was followed by a spicy chickpea bruschetta. Really good.The first dish of the tasting menu was the Babbo Culatello with Fiddleheads and Pecorino.  Culatello is the heart of proscuitto. It was pretty fatty but good. If you've never had Fiddleheads, then you will probably have the same expression as me. "WTF is that??" Fiddleheads are actually the part of a fern before it uncoils and leaves. They look really unappetizing. Almost like I've been served tiny pieces of intestines. Bleh. But they had no flavor and it was basically used for texture. Salty culatello, sharp shavings of pecorino cheese and crunchy fiddleheads. It was a first dish punch as if we needed a little waking up at 8:45 PM.The second dish was Pappardelle with Morels and Thyme. Now that we were awake, we were served the comforts of a thin pasta with flavorful morels. The sauce on the pasta looked like it could be rich but it was actually extremely light with just butter and thyme. The morel flavor was very over powering. If you are a mushroom fan, you will be pleased. I was loving it.Next up was Duck Tortelli with Sugo Finto. This was a pasta with red sauce and the duck wasn't as strong of a flavor as the morels. Sugo finto is a mock meat sauce. This dish was a slight let down from the previous (which was outstanding).Pork Tender with Barlotto Verde and Caper Vinaigrette was our entree and it was cooked perfectly. I have never had a piece of pork so tender and juicy. It was served with mashed green peas. The peas were an excellent pairing to the pork tender. Just imagine green mashed potatoes. And the sauce of the dish, there just wasn't anything left when we were done. The pork tender was my favorite of all the dishes.Slowing it down, we realized we were on a roller coaster of traditional tastes. We had some highs and lows and just about stuffed we were about to embark on the dessert journey. At this time, the runner had taken away our crumbs and laid out napkins on top of our table to hide our stains from us eating sloppy because we were overly excited about the food. Instant new tablecloth!Coach Farm's Finest with Fennel Honey was a soft cheese served with fennel infused honey. The waiter drizzled the honey on to our plates. If you've ever had Fage greek yogurt with honey, Babbo's cheese with fennel honey is like version 5.0. Oh man it is good stuff and not as rich. We were given a plate of warm crostini which amounted to about two pieces each. We were able to spread some cheese on our bread but all left overs were eaten straight. Mmmmm. Batali's other restaurant Otto serves a similar dish of soft cheese and fruit. It's a poor man's Coach Farm's Finest but a nice introduction to the wonderful cheeses served at Batali's restaurants.At the sixth dish, Crema con Mosto, we were ready to be delirious. We had lost count of which dish we were on and what was left. At this point, we didn't know what else we could be surprised on. Crema con Mosto was custard with grape infused oil. It was a bit like creme brulee without the hard top. I took a tiny nibble and stayed away. Too many egg yolks for me.The chocolate Tartufino was a chocolate lover's dream. It was a new spin on tartufo and had a cherry in the middle. Our last dish was quite a surprise. Instead of just a Coconut Sabbiosa with Blueberries and Coconut Gelato, we were each given a different dessert ranging from cheesecake and blueberry crumble to apple cake and saffron infused panna cotta. We were about to jump on our seats ecstatic.Babbo really wowed us but I think it is just 4 stars. Some of the dishes didn't really stand out and our waiter didn't explain the menu to us like he did to other tables. Babbo is good but not as good as it's reputation builds it to be.This review is dedicated to Tabb Y aka the ghost writer for Johnny C (I shall expose you!). Tab, I will take you to Babbo one day provided I know you are coming to NYC 1 month and a 1/2 in advance.
<review# 102,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2008,12/11/2008,1651,2742,18,30,23>Pho So Mot (1) is like a breath of fresh air in the lacking Vietnamese options in the city.  It just happens to be tucked away in the back of Mott Street in a basement that often goes unnoticed.  That may be its one lacking fault, as many restaurants have gone the way of the dinosaur here (Lucky 11 or the dreaded So Go, even the cheapo Hing Long) and hopefully this place will continue to thrive.The restaurant is small but quaint.  Unlike the previous establishments, Pho So Mot is clean and has created enough space for big groups with some actual round tables.  Often times they'll have a flat screen TV playing Vietnamese / Chinese programs, drowning out most of the quiet ambiance.  On a whole, the service is real decent and the owner is friendly.  Like most other Vietnamese restaurants, the staff speaks both Chinese and Vietnamese.The food is most definitely quality and there is plenty of variety on the menu.  I am impressed with their Bun Dac Biet and especially their Pho.  The broth was fresh as it was tasty and the noodles were just perfect.  Another dish that look extra impressive was the Com Tam Suon Bi Cha, which was presented quite well.  Prices are also very good as most of the items are $10 and below.  There is so much more here that I would like to try, it's practically a guarantee I'll be back again and again.  Right now, they're holding a grand opening special in which everything is 10% off.  I am sure that will be there till the end of the year at least.They are definitely So Mot (No.1) in my book.  Cam on Pho So Mot! (Thank you Pho So 1).
<review# 103,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2008,12/9/2008,218,231,25,17,17>This is my third review of the day. Some of you might be thinking: whoa! Easy Chris J. don't go blowing your load. Lucky for those select few that can't get enough of my writing, I've taken Viagra, so even if the moment isn't right, I can still write. I had to review Public & Double Crown in the same day because they're practically kissing cousins. Public has quite the cult following. It's well deserved. This place succeeds where many others fail miserably. It has the trendy vibe that make the young, hip, wealthy, and overextended want to be seen there, but it also backs it up with a relaxed environment to drink and very solid food options. Much like its kin, Double Crown - some design/decor thought clearly went into the space as evidenced by every detail down to the light fixtures. My favorite part of this place is the marketing genius that is on display in the restroom. They offer soap packaged with the Public logo. Think about it as if it were a business card with soap. Brilliant. You can guarantee I took two bars home with me. The trout was very solid, but fell short of gourmet. What the restaurant lacks in "cooking chops" it makes up in "vibe." Much like Double Crown the service is spot on, which only enhances the experience. Many of these trendy places have an attitude that screams indifference towards the customers, but these people have been well trained to ensure that Public isn't resting on its reputation, but that everyone is working to raise the bar. Again, Erica is great. If you happen to go here based on this recommendation please tell her Chris "Pizza" J. aka Chelsea Clinton's boyfriend told you to say hello. Leave her a big tip too, because everyone knows you're a baller and she deserves it. So it's been about six hours, and the label said to contact my doctor if I'm experiencing an erection lasting more than 6 hours. Please help!
<review# 104,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2008,12/8/2008,45,150,13,13,11>This is all you need to know about Momofuku Ko:FOIE GRAS WITH RIESLING JELLY LYCHEE AND PINENUTS ... FOIE GRAS WITH RIESLING JELLY LYCHEE AND PINENUTS ... FOIE GRAS WITH RIESLING JELLY LYCHEE AND PINENUTS ... FOIE GRAS WITH RIESLING JELLY LYCHEE AND PINENUTS ... FOIE GRAS WITH RIESLING JELLY LYCHEE AND PINENUTS ... FOIE GRAS WITH RIESLING JELLY LYCHEE AND PINENUTS ... FOIE GRAS WITH RIESLING JELLY LYCHEE AND PINENUTS ... FOIE GRAS WITH RIESLING JELLY LYCHEE AND PINENUTS ... FOIE GRAS WITH RIESLING JELLY LYCHEE AND PINENUTS ... FOIE GRAS WITH RIESLING JELLY LYCHEE AND PINENUTS ... FOIE GRAS WITH RIESLING JELLY LYCHEE AND PINENUTS ... FOIE GRAS WITH RIESLING JELLY LYCHEE AND PINENUTS ... ...and Deep fried short ribs.  Probably the two most interesting textured dishes I've ever had in my life.  The taste was phenomenal as well, but the use of texture was something on an entirely different level to anything you'll find in New York right now.  Momofuku Ko is a unique dining experience with some massive hits and a few flavor combinations that had my head scratching, but I would recommend anyone that has been discouraged by the reservation system to keep trying (specifically on a sunday morning at EXACTLY 9:59am to easily reserve a Saturday night spot).A few complaints however:1.  The reservations system.  I know I know, it's been talked about to death but it was seriously annoying checking for reservations EVERY day for weeks.  Hopefully as everyone eats there it will become easier and easier to get a table.2.  For a restaurant that is ALL ABOUT THE CHEF'S, Momofuku's chefs are uncomfortably aloof to the diners.  Working there seems to be like a chef vacation where every dish takes about 3 seconds to prepare and you only do about 30 covers a night.  Most of the time I was there the chefs were standing around bored and it was painful to try to get them to converse with you.  I'm not saying it should take immense amount of work to put together a dish with fire flying around the kitchen, it just seems like the menu at Ko hasn't changed in weeks and mise en place arranged on the plate is almost the entire meal.3.  David Chang wasn't there...I'm not a fanboy but when you're dropping $200 per person to sit at a bar on a Saturday night, you don't want to see the 2nd string chefs!  Again, nothing against the very talented chefs that cooked for us but I was a bit disappointed.  Yes, I expect him to be at all 3 of his restaurants cooking at the EXACT same time.
<review# 105,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2007,12/7/2008,168,131,22,18,26>AS THE YELP TURNS, Episode 6:I am such a creature of habit.  And today was no exception.My walk home from CVS usually includes most of the following stops:1. Pass by Lemongrass Grill and feel disdain for those seen eating there.2. Read the headlines of all three major newspapers outside of the 24-hr deli (I don't like to watch the news and I'd hate to miss out on something important, like Osama Bin-Laden finally being captured or Britney shaving her head again).3. Read the Flavors of the Day on the Tasti-D-Lite chalkboard parked on the sidewalk.4. Look in the window at Teddy for a few minutes to ponder how much everything really costs wholesale and wonder if I can find it priced better online.5. Stop in Staubitz Meat Market and buy some ground or sliced turkey while being ogled by the butchers.6. Visit The Community Bookstore.Some habits are born out of circumstances and some are born out of your family's mode de vie.  My father used to always take to me to bookstores with him as a kid, and I've been drawn to them ever since.  The Community Bookstore is special though.  You half expect to find a doorway to Narnia behind some decrepit shelf in this place.  An A-type personality's nightmare, this store is one huge, organized-disorderedly shrine to all types of written word.  I love it here.  Most books are used, though some are new.  Whenever I feel lost and lacking direction in some way, I have always had luck with the right book finding me here.  There is no place to sit, so it's hard to stay long.  A quick 5-10 minute perusal will do.  And there's nothing like the possibility of a long, lonely night ahead of you to make you think about sitting at home with a good book ("Either that or having a nice bottle of wine!," said the L.V.  "You are not helping," I told her).The owner was there, trying to stay in the background, not making much conversation, as usual.  Smoking a cigarette outside from time to time.  He is older, but not yet old.  And I seem to recall hearing that his wife is from France.  Also, that she is confined to a wheelchair.  ("How romantic," said the Little Voice,"he sticks by her throughout the years.  Maybe we'll find someone like that for us one day, you know?", "Not at this rate, baby." I answer, and I grimly look at all of the Alice Walker titles on one of the top shelves.)  I couldn't reach those if I tried. Heck, I couldn't even get a guy to text message me back today to make plans, so much for Prince Charming-dreams and Han Solo-aspirations.("You're no fun," said the L.V., "I'm sorry," I replied, "Maybe this Deepak Chopra book will help me figure things out later," I said, as I flipped through the pages. "Oh brother," said the L.V., "Check your phone again, maybe there's a message.""Yeah right," I say, "I would have felt it vibrate in my pocket if that was the case.")  But regardless, I pull out my phone to see if I'm wrong.  The little envelope that's all lit up and staring back at me is telling me that I am.
<review# 106,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2008,12/6/2008,322,273,6,17,10>Let me break it down for you.$1 Burgers (min. of 3 though)$2 Shots$3 Beers=Perfect Happy Hour location! This place is clean, roomy, and has a small outdoor area to cater to those craving a little "fresh" (ha) air. There are two large picnic benches in a patio-like alcove in the back through the glass doors. There is one large bar on the left and booths and tables on the right side. 7 pm is prime time but it isn't overly crowded where drunkards spill beer all over you.The crowd is a mix of trendy editorials (thanks to nearby Hearst) and laid-back finance types. All yuppies and all fun. The sliders are small and served on Hawaiian buns and garnished with pickle slices. They have special sauces and wonderful waffle and sweet potato fries ($3 for a take-out container full). I like it because they use paper plates and take-out containers to hold their yummies- eliminating any crusty plateware issues at other busy HH joints. They also have huge plastic tubes (think: hydrants) of beer to share. Perfect for a group gathering.The $2 beers come in HUGE glass mugs and they have everything from bud to stella to a wonderful blue-moon like "Shock". They also have a house beer (123) with a Guiness-like heartiness.It's an ideal happy hour place and just a skip, hop and jump away from all the deliciously fabulous restaurants of HK.Ready? 123. GO!Just don't tell too many people. :)
<review# 107,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2008,12/5/2008,321,290,31,16,22>Am I living in a dream?Am I seriously outdoors in the evening time?Did management really let me have a night off from the restaurant?Am I really walking down 9th Avenue in search of food?Wait didn't I just eat family meal?Am I really searching for empanadas?Did I really just bust out my yelp mobile to get the address?Am I seriously ordering all these empanandas for me?Is that one really called Viagra?Is my suspicion warranted that even though it's called whole wheat flour ... it ain't in any way healthy?Did I seriously just wait 30 minutes for piping hot empanadas?Like for real?Am I reaching into my to go bag with abandon? Walking down 9th Avenue and trying not to get hit by a car while I dive into the cheesy goodness?What's wrong with me?Nothing at all. I'm just a fat girl who never wants her empanada dreams to end. Keep 'em comin!!!
<review# 108,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2008,12/3/2008,315,518,20,24,25>East 14th is a comfort zone for me.  My subway stop, my gym, my bars, my smiley bouncer at Crocodile Lounge, my bouncy smiler (waiter) at Curly's Lunch, and lo and behold a new pizza place - Artichoke.  "Hey, weren't you here the other night?" the owner asks me. "Oh, it's possible...but I don't remember what your pizza tasted like.  It was late..."  (read: I was drunk)So on comes the food for sober Nicole.  I am offered a sample of pasta fagioli on a nice big piece of bread.  "Just a lil somethin' we're cooking up tonight," the owner says.  I am a sucker for Italian hospitality and enjoy the *really* awesome homemade soup handed to me.  After this sample, I am offered a cauliflower fritter which is equally delicious and, I fear, addictive. Next we talk pizza.  I am promised that the spinach and artichoke will blow my mind.  At this point, I feel a challenge coming on.  I put down my enormous gym bag and realize that my sense of self discipline has little power over pizza.  No working out for this girl tonight...it's throw down pizza time with the new kid on the block.The verdict?  If you like spinach, artichoke, and cheese dip with rustic slightly crispy crust...you will like this slice.  If you love a LOT of said ingredients, you will LOVE this slice.  It's enormous.  I've never tasted anything quite like it.  It is very heavy so watch out, you might need some backup.  I could not finish it alone.  I also tried a taste of their regular (Neopolitan) pizza.  What stuck out to me most of all was the refreshing tomato sauce.  Normally I am a "light on the sauce, please" kind of girl but I wouldn't change a thing here.  This is my new place to grab a fresh slice.  I don't know what it is, but they do it right. In my time chatting with the owners, so many people came in and out getting slices. Welcome to your home on 14th street, Artichoke.  You make us proud.
<review# 109,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2008,12/2/2008,256,207,28,18,21>This place is referred to by my friends as "The Brazillian Meat Circus."I came here with a very competitive date.  The lead-up included talking a lot of smack and discussions of training techniques.  I refer to this as "foreplay."Here is what we consider to be the best way to approach Porcao: BIG early breakfast for stomach expansion, then nothing but mini snacks for the rest of the day.  I'm talking, a yogurt here, a cracker or two there.  I think a mistake a lot of people make is eating nothing all day thinking they'll be famished enough to eat $50 of meat.  Not so.  They get three plates in and suddenly they're full because their stomach shrunk in the hours preceding.Expensive, yes.  Worth it, double yes.  It's an experience for a meat lover.  As for a date place... it's hard to be romantic when you're full of meat, but if there is a will, there will be a way.
<review# 110,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2008,12/1/2008,608,608,31,26,31>Yes. YES. OH. MY. GOD. One hundred thousand times YES.Never mind the fact that this bakery and its lovably curmudgeony proprietor are within spitting distance of my apartment -- I'd trek to the ends of the earth -- or even worse -- THE OUTER BOROUGHS (j/k!!) -- to consume Claude's confections.Palmiers are probably my favorite pastry. Seriously. Those little light and crispy butterflies have me singing the Reading Rainbow song ten times over. You know which one I'm talking about. And when you've had Claude's palmiers, you, too, will be flying twice as high as the butterflies in the sky. I have a friend who, after having two of Claude's mini palmiers, said "I think that's the best example of that type of pastry I've ever had."While the atmosphere is really nothing to write home about -- with its sparse tables, fluorescent lighting, and lack of decor, this bakery would not look out of place if it were plucked out of the West Village and landed smack in the middle of Chinatown -- the lovingly crafted pastries and baked goods are worlds away from the assembly line items which we nowadays so often encounter.I think Claude likes me. Maybe just a little. Or maybe I am just stuck in giddy post-palmier delusions. But when I went in for the second time in two days, he greeted me with a sideways smile and a "What can I get you, my dear?" with a little (jovial???) lift of his eyebrows. Maybe he likes me. Maybe just a little.  Oh dear.I think I have a new crush.Update 5/3/08: Claude has been calling me "sweetie," and last night he gave me a white chocolate mousse tart. *swoons*
<review# 111,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2009,4/26/2010,236,311,22,27,23>There is so many ways I could write about it and tell you how good it was that I don't know if to focus in the sake, the food or the ambiance since each one can overpass the other.Located in an area with probably the highest 4-5 Yelp-rates concentration don't be tempted to go into Soba Totto or Sushi Yasuda just because its easier to see it; I know, it's right next door and it worth a visit for sure, I'll tell you soon, but you can't miss Sakagura. This time you will need to remember this: 211E Basement #1... Basement.. very importantYou can breath the ambiance of beautiful clandestinity at the first step. Traditional Japanese decor full of what we all like; noren, bamboo, plants, bright and with an impressive bar decorated with sake bottles all kinds over a shelf covering the wall.Nigori is the sake that I most like, is unfiltered sake resulting in a cloudy drink, the sweatiest, where sometimes you can even taste the rice grains already powdered.. I guess I'm that rustic compare with my friends. Attending my wishes but pleasuring everyone, we order sparkling Nigori.. First time I hear about it; a dark green bottle filled with Sake in 2 separate phases, aqueous in the half top and a milky solution, formed for the rice residues, in the half bottom. Delicately mixed for our "sake server"  the bottom cloud slowly fused and dominate the aqueous part becoming a uniform white pale liquid served in flute type glasses. It wasn't that rustic at all, right?. The perfect food pairing this sake was suggested in the menu and so we order the Scallop sashimi with mango vinaigrette, a mayonnaise type sauce very tasty that I didn't like. Just personal preferences, tho. But I swear the scallops worth the time I spent draining out the sauce, either in flavor and texture, melting in our mouth in a way that I can't believe it was meat.  It takes some time to decide our next Sake round. We decided finally the one that Sakagura just run out that night; it was a limited edition.. among 200 that they have.. great :/ . We were already in love with that Sake; forget about it was impossible; replace it takes a while, "2 sake servers", that take it as a challenge, and at least 6 sake shots (maybe more?) until we taste one that satisfied all of us. Most of them was excellent, tho. In the mean time, food was coming, Food that also takes some time to order.. since the menu is not that little and everything sounds amazing. A Maguro Tartar, an Uzaku, a Gindara yuan yak (grilled cod in special soy sauce), a Gyu Miso Nikomi (Shredded Beef Back Ribs stewed in Miso),  a Chawanmushi (Steamed Egg Custard) a Yuba shumai (Minced Pork Dumpling) and another half bottle of sake later (plus the shots) we were so happy that we even didn't care about the fact that they forget the tofu that I ordered. They just annulled the order and we were ready for the dessert. Let me say that I loved all the dishes. But that the Uzaku, which is Grilled Eel Vinaigrette Served with Thin Cucumber Slices and Wakame Seaweed and the Maguro tartar, Tuna with yuzu-steeped roe & caviar served over a bed of cucumber slices, juts take my breath away. For dessert we order Black sesame cream brulee and Sea Salt Chocolate ice cream.. as good as it sounds. The cream brulee was as good as the one you get at Cha An and about the sea salt chocolate ice cream,  you have to like "weird" chocolate. I tasted it before; sea salt truffles are one of my faves; this one was very well balanced with just a touch of saltTo finish this history just 2 things remain to be said,- Atif I, you was right- and..  why not a five? well... 5 means being perfect and among others small things, there was for me 2 main imperfections at Sakagura: 20 min waiting to be seated (even we arrived on time) and that they didn't realize before that our beloved sake was run out However, don't tell anyone else, but I'm not always demanding perfection
<review# 112,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2010,4/25/2010,78,200,4,17,10>Matsukado is pretty good.  For my first time I got the Matsukado ramen, which is basically a seafood stir fry in gravy on top of noodles and broth. It might sound intense but it was quite easy to eat and quite tasty. The portions here unlike other ramen shops in NYC are very generous. The ramen here comes in huge bowls with plenty of springy ramen along with flavorful broth(not too salty!) as well as generous fresh toppings. Matsukado's menu is the most extensive I have seen at any ramen shop in NYC. They offer over 17 different kinds of ramen as well as over 25 different tapas cold and hot tapas. On top of that they also offer over 17 different udon or soba dishes. It gets even better, they also offer 7 different variations of donburi. Lastly they also offer over 12 different entrees. Yes I counted everything on their menu LOL. Just Incredible. The prices here are also very reasonable.The service here is very friendly and super quick. Literally 5 minutes after I placed my order, my huge bowl of piping hot ramen was placed in front of me. The space is also very nice and unique. There's plenty of seating and street art along the walls. It was quite empty when I came here on a Friday night around 6. I'm guessing because no one really knows about this newly opened spot yet. Don't let this deter you from trying this excellent Japanese restaurant. I think I'm going to come back every week and try everything on their menu. Highly recommended! Spread the word!
<review# 113,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2009,4/23/2010,308,363,12,14,14>This was just about the friendliest bar I've ever been to.  It may have helped that we stumbled upon Plan B on the night of the Yankees' Game 6 clincher of the World Series, when everyone was so hopeful and excited for a 27th Championship.  Everyone from the bartenders to the patrons was incredibly polite and welcoming, not something you'd expect from a local sports bar.  There was no pushing or elbowing despite the fact the place was filled to the brim - only "Excuse me's" and "Go right aheads".  It was almost eerie, actually.  It was a pretty mixed and diverse crowd too, which was really nice.  So that when the Yankees did finally win, there were hugs all around from the unlikeliest people.  The champagne shower (and free flutes of it) that the bartenders gave us was a fitting touch, too.We didn't get to try the food, but we wouldn't have had any place to eat it anyway since we stood for most of the game.  But it sure did smell good!  And now that I've read the Yelp reviews, I'd love to come back and try some of the grub.  My companions drank beer and didn't have any complaints about the price.   In all, this turned out to be the perfect place to watch the last game of the World Series.  And made me wish that I had a great local bar like this in my own neighborhood.
<review# 114,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2010,4/22/2010,294,271,15,23,20>I love the compost cookie.There, I said it.I love the compost cookie, and I've always been afraid of admitting that because I think people will call me disgusting for liking something that has potato chips and peanut butter and chocolate and pretzels in it. Not to mention that it's called compost.The bad news is that they have a max of one sample soft-serve per person. The worse news is that their sample sizes are no longer the generous small cups they used to be. Boo. (I know, I'm kind of cheap like that. But you're telling me you don't like free stuff?)Also, as peter d. perceptively pointed out, the crack pie does not indeed have any crack in it. But it's some good pie, and who am I to argue with the use of salt in desserts. Delicious. The strawberry milk is perfectly passable, though I'd take my strawberries with cream anyday.They do some pretty clever things here, like having red velvet cake and a cream cheese frosting flavours on their softserve menu, and all those inventive breads and spreads they stock.  Of course, they do have some misses, as with any place that experiments with its flavours so zealously. Like that cereal milk. Look, I don't know about you, but I really don't want my milk tasting like something someone else left behind from their breakfast, sorry. And like that cucumber softee thing I tried once, which seemed to be confused about whether it should be rich, or refreshing. It turned out to be neither.But I always come back for those sweet-and-salty yums.
<review# 115,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2010,4/21/2010,85,223,20,18,14>Crowds and prices inspired me to resist the lure of Bon Chon (32nd & 5th) for years. When Boka opened on St Marks, convenience made that siren song irresistible. Extra crispy, crackling exterior -- it's all skin, no breading -- sticky with either spicy or soy garlic sauce rendered me speechless the first time I tried Korean fried chicken. Worse than that, I was very close to quoting one of those oompa loompas from the Jersey Shore show: "The situation is indescribable. You can't even describe the situation you're in."Four solid stars. -0.5 for erratically spiced spicy chicken. Sometimes the chicken is mild, sometimes it's fiery, without our having requested different heat levels. -0.5 for slower service. Slow service is understandable when the place is packed, and when waiting for food to be cooked. It's less endearing  when the place is mostly empty and we're just waiting for a check. When our empty plates & glasses didn't attract the attention of multiple staff members passing by, we started re-dressing in layers of winter clothing. I looked like the little brother in A Christmas Story by the time the check came. Next time, we might start removing layers of clothing, in the hopes that they'll be a little more eager to get us out the door.
<review# 116,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2010,4/20/2010,121,307,8,20,11>*Warning this review is mad long.  You might want to settle down with a nice cup of tea before you start reading*With consistent five star reviews, I've been dying to come here ever since I joined yelp.  And after getting my haircut here this weekend, I'm joining the five star brigade... but, I didn't always feel this way.  In fact, when I first left the salon, I was considering giving this place less than a five star (oh the horror!).  Lemme 'splain...I walked in and no one really acknowledged me.  The person at the front desk was on the phone, and I was just standing there awkwardly.  Soon enough though, someone came and took my coat and asked who I was here to see yadda yadda.  I had an appointment with Tom at 1pm, but he was running late and we didn't get started until ten minutes later.  I mean I can understand, since they were all very busy... but it was kind of a shitty start to something I was super super excited about, and had really high hopes for.  The majority of the haircut experience was by far the best I've ever had.  Tom's really smart about hair, in ways that i never knew were possible.  He noticed that my hair's only wavy in some places, that it was cut  "A line", that one side of my hair was longer than the other (suggested it was bc my last hair stylist was right handed).  He even showed me his ergonomic scissors!  It was all going swimmingly until the very end.  He flat ironed my hair to make sure it was all even (awesome), but somewhere between then and finished product.. things got weird.  I don't really know how it happened.. something like, I asked him to angle it a little more.. he did a little and asked if I liked it.. I said I did... but then next thing I knew there were too many angles everywhere and my hair looked crazy weird.  At this point we were already 5 minutes past, and his next appointment was waiting for him.  Anyway, I walked out feeling not too good about my cut.  Tom suggested that i just wasn't used to it yet, and that I'll get used to how it looks.... meeeh, skeptical feelings everywhere... OKAY,  so why am I still joining the five star brigade?  Because Tom was right!  After I went home, I un-straightened my hair.. put back that natural wave I usually have... and wow, it looked amazingly awesome.  Like AMAZINGLY AWESOME.  Like, wow my hair has never looked so good before.. wowowowow.   And now the more I check it out, and play around with it, the more I love it.  So, after a lot of contemplation, I decided on a 5-star rating because I came here for an awesome haircut and i got exactly that.  I mean, I don't know what else I could ask for.  And, looking back... I don't think anyone was excessively rude or anything, given the time pressured circumstances.  So yeah, A+ Whistle... even if I didn't think so right away ;o)
<review# 117,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2010,4/19/2010,200,110,25,26,21>I generally have scorn for no reservations restaurants in New York City. Because I am not a 80 year old who enjoys eating dinner at 5PM nor am I cool enough to be out at 11PM on a school night. So when the suggestion of Spotted Pig on MLK came up, I was disdainful.We grabbed a few beers at the nearby White Horse Tavern while making bets on college basketball via our smartphones like the degenerate gamblers we are and surprisingly enough, the hour wait flew by. The reservationist called my boyfriend promptly at one hour later and said "We have a table open for two...but it's a pretty romantic spot. Are you a couple or just friends?"  I sort of loved that she asked us this. We took the romantic seat which wasn' really romantic given you're squished next to other diners on either side of you but at this point, we were famished. Deviled eggs were an OBV choice as was the chicken liver toast. The eggs were tasty but paled in comparison to the creamy and decadent chicken liver toast. Heaped with delicious chicken innards, this is the stuff culinary dreams are made of.  Even my nonadventurous eater of a boyfriend declared this was the best (well, only) chicken liver toast he had ever consumed.We shared the famous Roquefort burger with shoe string fries and we decided to order a side of kale for our greens. Fortunately for me, the kale was drenched in bacon fat. Fine by me. The burger was interesting - from a meat perspective, it was perfectly juicy and flavorful. I did find the Roquefort to be a tad overpowering at times. Spotted Pig, despite your clunky interior and no reservation policy, you (and the chicken liver toast) will always have a fond place in my heart. Like a good friends with benefits, I will keep coming back.
<review# 118,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2010,4/17/2010,117,171,21,17,17>I met my two life partners at the Bell House a couple of weeks ago and we all were miserable.  Miserable! about our current lady situations.  We looked terrible and felt even worse. So when we took an Eastern cab home, not only did they charge us a measly $10 to Crown Heights, but the driver didn't even bat an eye when we rode home with our arms around each other, declaring such sentiments as "All we need is each other!", "Without you guys, I WOULD BE DEAD!" and other reasonable, rational statements.I kind of feel that way about Eastern now, actually.
<review# 119,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/26/2009,4/15/2010,35,102,35,19,22>Eating at Shopsins is like being in an abusive relationship you simply cannot leave.  Like an unreliable sex partner, Shopsins is moody, keeps you waiting, projects their unreasonable hangups at you, and pitches a fit if you don't do whatever they want at all times.  But the sex is so mind-blowling that you can never walk away.    Face it: we've all been there, folks.  I can't think of many other eating establishments in Manhattan that inflict as much baggage on its patrons as this one.  The concessions are well known: no large parties (hell don't even bother getting a three top), no order changes, and no cell phones (I accidentally violated this last one, thankfully to no consequence).  Also no pictures if you happen to catch them in the wrong mood (obviously dozens of other Yelpers have taken them, and I certainly did).  We went in for the mac n' cheese pancakes, the Jihadboy, the blisters on my sisters, and the orange boulios.  Were I not scared shitless about any possible transgressions on my part, I might have consumed these items more judiciously (hot sauce and syrup goes on the pancakes, who knew?), but I mulled over every last savory bite of the Jihadboy.  Pulled lamb flavored with pomegrante juice, pistachios, tahini, and feta might not be the flavor profile most people go for at 9:30 in the morning, but if you have a particular aversion to savory breakfasts, you should probably just stay the hell away from this place.  It'll spare the rest of us the wait.  Shopsins will keep us coming back.  We'll never learn.  I need a cigarette.
<review# 120,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2010,4/14/2010,351,208,28,15,16>I'm secure in my masculinity enough to say I spent all day Sunday looking at antiques.If you buy a Victorian home, you're going to want to decorate it with period items to match the style.No, I'm not justifying why I did it, I just felt like saying it.No, you're being defensive.It was only like a few hours, not really the whole day.OK, maybe I had a little tea, but it was iced tea.What?  Iced Tea isn't feminine!So anyway... antiques are redonkulously expensive... but not at Jerry's.  This place is ridiculous.  We got a fabulous oval decorative mirror with a solid wood gold frame for cheaper than we could have bought something at crate and barrel.  And Jerry works with you on the already low price.  We'll go back here again and again.  It's the only place we'll go.What? I didn't say fabulous.
<review# 121,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2007,10/17/2007,2348,322,21,25,19>Tonight I saw two of the biggest balls I'd ever seen. I'm sure that's not the first time that's been said in the West Village.I went out tonight to meet my friend Dennis who I hadn't seen for over a year, and I recommended that we try Piccolo Angolo. From all that I read here on Yelp I knew that we were going to have a a great dinner. I got there before meeting my friend to scope it out about 8:00. It was packed. I asked if they would be able to accommodate two, which seemed to amuse the host. He informed me that they only take reservations. The only thing he had open for the rest of the night was a 9:30. I took it thinking that we probably would dine elsewhere.I met Dennis at 8:30 and we decided to try to get into Bar Pitti. We got their a little before 9:00 and it was its regular zoo. They told us that it would be a half hour wait. Since it was would be about the same we decided to take a slow walk back and use the reservation at Piccolo Angolo. When we arrived we were promptly seated. To start we shared the Stuffed Mushrooms (stuffed with ground pork) and we both ordered the Linguine Con Polpette (Meatballs) for main. The mushrooms were a refreshingly different take on the dish. Usually they have more breadcrumbs than I like. These didn't appear to have any. When the Linguine with Meatballs arrived we were both shocked. There were two and they were sized somewhere in between a baseball and a softball. I joked with the waiter, "I asked for the large meatballs" I said. He smiled, probably for the 50th time that night, from the same joke.This dish was perfect. The meatballs were delicious. The pasta was perfectly Al Dente and the sauce magnificent. I have a big appetite and I only ate one meatball and half the pasta. I can't wait for lunch tomorrow.This is not the absolute best Italian that I've had in the City, that honor would go to Lil' Frank and Frank, but Piccolo Angolo is my favorite old school throwback spot.___________
<review# 122,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2007,10/16/2007,254,785,30,7,17>Sarabeth -I love you But I fear we can never be togetherFor I am a guyYou are an insanely popular brunch spotAnd no straight guy could wait in line for an hourFor brunchUnless his heart belongs to another womanWho convinces him it's worth waiting an hour in lineFor brunchOh the irony - we can only truly embrace if I am with anotherIt's like the twins fantasy I never had b/c I have twin sistersAnd would kick the #%!#% out of any guy who'd even try...So I call you on the phoneAnd I tell you what I needYou say come by in 15 minutesI arrive - my heart a-flutterAnd pass by all the girls and couples waiting for your affectionCharlatans.  Imposters.  All of them.I shuffle to the counter and we exchangeFurtive glances.Your love - barely reined in by to-go containers.My love - suppressed and tawdrily represented by a piece of paperWith Andrew Jackson's visageI almost run out in shameBut I stick around for the changeNot because $6 and coins means anything to meI just want the moment to last a little longerI leave for my apartmentWith your light and fluffy french toast, pancakes, or omelet And a heavy heartIf you could only be thereWhen I enjoy your delicious french toast or buttermilk pancakesWith syrup almost as sweet as youIf I could bottle your love and that syrupI'd be one happy diabeticYour scone with apricot preserves brings me backTo the cottage home with roaring fireIn the countrysideThat I saw once in a filmWas it Merchant-Ivory?And even though your lemon ricotta pancakes or blintzesAren't quite my thingAnd your eggs benedict don't justify their $15 price tagI still love you for tryingPerhaps one day we can be togetherBut I don't want to spoli itBy waiting in line for an hourOr settling for a lesser momentLike dinner.[Note:  I tried out the sirloin burger here.  Good but not great.  Really liked everything around the burger (the brioche bun, the avocado) and the accoutrements (mini-pickles, shoestring fries, a great coleslaw with shredded green apples).  Expected something above the norm with the burger - like their pancakes/french toast - but i found it lacking in juiciness and flavor.  Plus, it was Medium/Medium Well and I asked for Medium Rare.]
<review# 123,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2007,10/15/2007,147,58,18,16,17>The sport of cycling is in a shambles, and we need a few strong legs, a couple of sturdy wheels and a clean urine test to restore America's dignity and allow us to compete in the Tour de France.  If you are as tired as I am of watching the utterly painful, and interminable public unraveling of shamed Tour de France loser, Floyd Landis (the only person I can think of in modern athletics who has blamed the presence of synthetic testosterone in his bloodstream on everything from bourbon to a French conspiracy against him), then it's time to act!  The bike path inside Prospect Park offers a great introductory course in cycling...not too rigorous, and ripe with plentiful glimpses of the majestic park for the hardworking cyclist to admire in passing.  Of course, as any good cycling course should, Prospect Park's bike path has a few endurance obstacles that will challenge a good cyclist to kick their pedals into high gear and elevate their game.  There's one hill in particular (it's about 3/4 of the way through the path if you start at the Garfield Street entrance) that is likely responsible for many strained calf muscles and asthma attacks.  Once I reach it, I usually have to stop for a few moments before making my ascent so that I can mentally prep myself.  Avid cyclists would likely scoff at my difficulty reaching the apex of a hill they'd regard as a mere bump in the road.  Personally, I find the climb much less agonizing if I can somehow distract myself for the duration of it.  The most effective technique has been an imagined scenario whereby a pack of hungry wallaby's escapes from the Prospect Park Zoo and follows me up the hill in vigorous pursuit of some delicious leaves tucked into my back jeans pocket.  Their salivating little wallaby mouths violently snap at my posterior as I pedal for dear life.  This works...I swear.  There's nothing scarier than a small animal with a big appetite!Cycling enthusiast or not, the Prospect Park bike path has something for even the most novice of riders. Me?  I'm firmly in the novice camp since I haven't rode my bike in Prospect park in over 3 years.  It's the wallaby's, man.  They hold a grudge :(
<review# 124,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2007,10/14/2007,43,21,49,5,14>My Apologies Dear Mr. Kinda Cute Blond Architect that just moved to NYC a few months ago,My friend and I met you last night, and sent you a vodka cranberry (which also happens to be my drink of choice). Normally I'm not that aggressive, and I don't want you to think that I send drinks to most people. You seemed cute and you were alone, so I figured "what the hell"!Our conversation seemed to flow well, and I did learn that you were an architect that just moved here. That being said, I should tell you that I didn't have any food that day. In fact my meal had consisted so far of three very large margaritas. Therefore, I'd like to say I remember your name, or anything else we may have discussed, but to be honest...not a thing is coming to my mind. I also remember coming over and continuing our conversation with my friend and I, but when we left, I don't remember if I said goodbye to you.If and when we see each other again (when I get out of rehab), I will likely not remember you. So please don't be offended when I don't say hello. Sincerely,Patrick******Dear Mexican Buss boy at the restaurant,I was the drunk guy that got sick in the bathroom. Thankfully, I made it in the toilet...I think. If I missed...I'm sorry. Thanks for packing up the dinner to take home.I promise I'll never come back.Sincerely, Patrick******Dear Cab Driver,First, thank you for taking me home. If it wasn't for you, I'd have slept on the sidewalk in front of the restaurant. I have no clue how you understood where I lived, as I'm sure I slurred my address out.Additionally, I'd like to apologize for having to make you drive back to the restaurant because my friend forgot his bag. I'm sure that was a pain, having me passed out waiting in the cab, only to declared my love for you. You took it like the professional that you are. Hopefully the rest of your night was just as easy.Did we pay you?Sincerely,Patrick******Dear Upper West Side Neighbors,Those screams you heard last night were not someone getting mugged. It was only me "wooo-hooo"-ing in my drunkenness. Thankfully, that was probably preferred to the sounds of my next door neighbor's loud sex.I'm sorry that your dogs started to howl with me.Sincerely,Patrick******Dear Friend who encouraged me to drink with him last night,When I woke up this morning, I realized that I wasn't alone in my bed. Before looking over to see who it was, I checked that I was still wearing my underwear. Thanks for being a gentleman. You were a gentleman...right?Sorry I drooled on you in my sleep.Sincerely,Patrick******Dear liver,My bad. Don't quit on me.Sincerely,Patrick
<review# 125,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2007,10/13/2007,3042,746,26,18,17>MID-DAY MILF-HEAVEN!!IF you're looking to pick up a Mommy this place gets flooded during the afternoon/after school hours with strollers and neighborhood Mommies flocking by the dozen to chow down on the infamous FAT FREE yogurt and seemingly healthy toppings.It was funny sitting inside I felt like everyone else except for me was preggers or already had a baby in tow (photos coming soon). Uh oh... look out Un-Tasty-Delight these guys actually have a regular yogurt that is frozen, actually resembles Yoplait's vanilla yogurt, and it's fat free without puffed air preservatives and inexplicable flavor.Regular or Tiramisu?  Actually it's not Tiramisu it's GREEN TEA but either way it doesn't taste like Green Tea so you can call it whatever you want... still not sure why it's more expensive than regular, perhaps it's harder for them to mass produce so they try to detour you from choosing it.If you're trying their regular frozen yogurt then...- add blueberries to take away the bite.- add strawberries to make it sweet but tangy at the end.- Banana's don't do much here, but in a smoothie would be great.- The cereal would be interesting and I'd probably have to start with the "fruity pebbles" (hmmm wonder if they have permission to use that name on their label)Date Rating: 4      (10 if you're with your health freakish girlfriends)Pick up Scale: 6    (10 if you like MILFS and have the afternoon free)Strong Suggestions: Ask for a taste of both Regular and Green Tea if you've never been here.  But whatever you do don't try to make your order complicated the girl at the front is a total degenerate.PS. THEY ACTUALLY HAVE A FROZEN YOGURT ON THE MENU THAT IS OVER $10!!!
<review# 126,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2007,10/12/2007,23,21,6,10,11>I am a lazy person, so I am thrilled that this place is literally around the corner and across the street from my apartment.  Especially on weeknights when I feel like some beers and cheezballs but I don't particularly feel like expending any energy.  They have great drink specials, like the "Frat Boy" and the "Sportsman".This is where I discovered that one can mix vanilla vodka and orange soda and end up with a seriously delicious drink that is so easy to consume that if you're not careful when you re-create it at home, you'll make all your underweight girl friends barf.  But it's so good that they'll keep drinking it. (It's called the Dreamsicle at the Levee...tastes like a creamsicle but gets you druuuuunk!)They serve crap food for cheap, which I haven't eaten yet but probably will in the near future.  They have a pretty damn nice selection of beers and liquors...you can order a glass of Chartreuse on the rocks for about $6, I believe.  Great prices, too.Their jukebox is incredible.  They have everything from Neutral Milk  Hotel to the Misfits, with Hank  Williams and T.Rex in between.  If you ever see some dorky brunette chick in the corner quietly rocking out to "Gimme Danger" by  Iggy Pop or "Underwear" by Pulp, that's probably me.I like to grab a seat somewhere, suck on a free Blowpop, or mouth a free Twizzler, while alternately sipping my Texas Lonestar and watching tall, skinny guys in tight pants play Buck Hunter with serious skill.  Sometimes I will bust out the Jenga and think about calling one of the numbers someone has scribbled on a block.I love this place.UPDATE:  I have tried their crap food.  Specifically, the Frito Pie with Meat Chili and the Sloppy Joe's.  They were $4 and $3, respectively, and just about what you'd expect, but in a good way.  Also if you get into the Chartreuse, you are in for trouble.  If you want to do it, I'll join ya.
<review# 127,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2007,10/11/2007,168,131,17,9,26>AS THE YELP TURNS, Episode 3: "Come to the Rose Bar with us," said Mr. X.  I hesitated.  It was getting late.  Heck, it was already late and now it was getting later.  I was tired.  And let's face it:  I was wearing a simple black t-shirt and my oldest pair of jeans.   I didn't feel like being snubbed on my unusual lack of fashionista-forwardness tonight."C'mon!  It'll be fun," he said and gave my shoulders a little squeeze (did I happen to mention that Mr. X had decided to put his arm around my shoulders? A slight detail that I forgot to mention earlier.  My apologies.).I hate to say no to a party invitation--to any social invitation, really.  Not only is it rude, but how can you resist when Mr. X is the one asking you and squeezing your shoulder? So I said yes.Not only does the Rose Bar end up being as exclusive as I've heard it to be, it is ridiculously exclusive.  Upon going to the restroom, I am given a card by a doorman who tells me to hold on to it and to hand it back to him when I am done in order to re-enter the bar.  What a funny game to play!  In my sleepy and slightly tipsy state I was worried that it might fall into the toilet bowl and then what would I do?  Would he let me back in?  After all, I was only wearing a black t-shirt and old jeans.  There was a man at the bar wearing red pants.  I could never compete with red pants.  At least not that night.  In any case, even my excursion to the co-ed toilets turned into a social opportunity, as some man leaving decided to hit on me before I made it to my stall.  When I came back Mr. X was waiting for me.  And after the rest of the crowd had turned in for the night and left us alone on our couch, we got to talk about ourselves a bit more.  He told me about salsa dancing and San Diego and a girl he had once dated.  It didn't work out, he said.  I told him about...I can't remember what I told him about really.  But whatever I said, it must have been good because at one point Mr. X stopped talking to kiss me.  And even though the Little Voice inside my head was telling me to pull away, I pressed the mute button and went with it anyway.  For once, I was going to be in the moment.  And a little kissing never hurt anyone.  I think.At 3am, I knew I had to go home and get some sleep.  I was going to be late again for another responsibility the next morning if I didn't get  to bed soon.  Less than 24hrs. had passed and already this Mr. X was going to be the cause of me being late twice. ("Not good," said the Little Voice.  "Shut up," I said, "I'm having fun.")We were almost the last ones to leave and Mr. X wanted to hail me a cab.  He graciously fought off the protests to pay my fare.  "So when are you coming out to California?" he said.  I laughed.  And he didn't.  And then he quickly said, with a smile, that he was kidding.  And I realized that a part of him wasn't.  I was surprised.  But the Little Voice was happy.  Like she had just gotten the best piece of chocolate and no one else had noticed kind of happy.  I told him we could talk about it another time.  A taxi had pulled over and was patiently waiting for me. I had to go.  And so like a true salsa dancer, he took me in his arms for a dip and kissed me goodnight. For once, I didn't try to think of what it all meant.
<review# 128,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2007,10/10/2007,321,290,34,12,19>My attempt at the Karaoke review made famous by Javier M.WARNING: **This is a Karaoke review, please open the below link prior to reading this review, and return to this page to sing along the lyrics below**dailymotion.com/video/x1…[Intro]To go or not to goNot!Soho, bring the cheap backStop, You ain't ready yetWait, better get prepared (yes, yes)Yes mam (yes mam) Yes[Verse 1]I think you're readyBeen at Union Square way too long,It's not too crowded,And shopping on 14th is just wrong,Yes girls I'm for real,Said there is indeed a new oneWe're going inside, but we won't be the only ones(Oh) Chandeliers up (Oh) fly funky walls,(Oh) Size is just right (Oh) Won't be here too long(Oh) Clothes ain't the best (Oh) You'll still impress(Oh) When you find your freakum dress[Chorus]Oooh I got my freakum dress on Oooh I got my freakum dress onOooh I got my freakum dress on Oooh I got my freakum dress onOooh At Forever 21 Oooh 23.80 and it's all doneOooh This is the best one Oooh you got your freakum dress on[Verse 2]Soon as I saw it, turned on by how the dress was fitting rightShort and backless (backless, backless)See my silhouette in the white lightSuch an attraction, the dressing rooms are still really niceLittle do you know, I'mma come here all the time(Oh) Chandeliers up (Oh) fly funky walls,(Oh) Size is just right (Oh) Won't be here too long(Oh) Clothes ain't the best (Oh) You'll still impress(Oh) When you find your freakum dress[Chorus]Oooh I got my freakum dress on Oooh I got my freakum dress onOooh I got my freakum dress on Oooh I got my freakum dress onOooh At Forever 21 Oooh 23.80 and it's all doneOooh This is the best one Oooh you got your freakum dress onAll the ladies (oh) you feel this and you're dressed in your dresses,and you spend for no reason?Get ready to For-e-verHoney come on in here's your invitation, Don't you wait too long Forever Soho's waitin',Baby bring your man he may even like it,Spend without a frown. I know you are down so [2x](Oh) Chandeliers up (Oh) fly funky walls,(Oh) Size is just right (Oh) Won't be here too long(Oh) Clothes ain't the best (Oh) You'll still impress(Oh) When you find your freakum dressOooh I got my freakum dress on Oooh I got my freakum dress onOooh I got my freakum dress on Oooh I got my freakum dress onOooh At Forever 21 Oooh 23.80 and it's all doneOooh This is the best one Oooh you got your freakum dress onLadies look here, when you been at other stores for a long time (oh)Every now and then you gotta go to Forever for that freakum dress (oh) uh,I got my freakum dress on, from Forever 21 (oh) I got my freakum dress on, from Forever 21 (oh)
<review# 129,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2007,10/9/2007,75,147,23,13,14>Valhalla is apparently the name of the hall from Scandinavian mythology for slain heroes.  It's also a pretty catchy name for one of NYC's best beer snob bars.  On a rainy Saturday with a couple of hours to kill, I spent some time in a nearly empty Valhalla and immediately took a liking to the place.  There were 30 imported and craft beers on tap, with 12 of them being from Belgium.  I opted for a Karmeliet Trippel and a Corsendonk Brown, both of which were served in the proper type of glass.  As others mentioned, a super-hot, but very knowledgeable female bartender was working that day.  Two large TVs were showing a baseball game with the sound muted, which was a nice touch for those of us who don't watch baseball and don't particularly care for the sound of yammering announcers talking about batting averages to cloud our enjoyment of snobby Belgian ales.  In keeping with its rather classy atmosphere, Valhalla offers flights of beers, something I've never seen before. For a very reasonable price, you get a selection of beers with a theme (Belgium, Around the World, etc.)The guy next to me ordered a Budweiser.A BUDWEISER.This is about like going to Peter Luger's and instead of ordering a steak, asking for a nice can of Spam, or just asking if you could instead lick the floor of the kitchen with your tongue.  I think they should hire bouncers for such cretins.
<review# 130,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/27/2007,10/7/2007,70,88,22,10,9>I just had a mini-compliment-convo with my newest Yelp friend, Julia W. from Chicago.  The topic: crab rangoon.Midtown Buffet is your typical all-you-can-eat Chinese buffet with orange chicken and pineapples and jello cubes.  It's cheap and disgusting.  All-in-all: five stars.UNTIL YOU REALIZE THEY HAVE NO CRAB RANGOON!I don't know who they think they are, but crab rangoon is the ONE reason I allowed my friend to take me here for lunch.... well, that and because Chinese buffets are awesome.  But even so!Nobody tricks me like that.  Nobody.Watch your back, Midtown Buffet.
<review# 131,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2012,10/16/2012,609,425,5,12,7>Cheap and tasty Korean cafeteria, what is not to love? Half of the store is a deli with boxed items and the other half is full of ready to eat food buffet style. // HOW TO //     + Grab a tray and plate     + Select as much food as you would like     + Take it to the register. Buffet items are $6.99/pound     + Find a table and eat. Water, condiments, and utensils are also available for you// FOOD // My personal buffet faves are:     + Seaweed with crab     + crab pancake     + Kim bap*tip: you can even buy soju and drink it in the store with your buddies!
<review# 132,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2012,10/15/2012,768,644,6,9,8>Review update in the spirit of the month of July Yelp challenge: Summer Sweet Treats!For the purpose of the July challenge, I will just cut to the chase and talk about the dessert I had at L'Artusi the other night, on July 1st. I had already fallen in love with the desserts here the first time I visited, when I had the dulce de leche panna cotta with bruleed bananas and a chocolate hazelnut tort. So of course I knew just how imperative it was to order dessert again; in fact I'm sure it's a no brainer to get dessert during every single visit. Go big or go home, right?Anyway, so the dessert I want to talk about here is the raspberry tiramisu. This beautiful trifle-like dessert was layered with smooth, sweet raspberry mousse, raspberry liquor infused lady fingers, and fresh whipped cream, studded with market fresh raspberries. While the traditional tiramisu has always been one of my favorite Italian desserts, I thoroughly enjoyed this twist on the espresso-flavored dessert, and the bf liked it a lot too because he's not a fan of anything coffee related. The mousse was perfect in texture and bold in flavor, which was well balanced by the delicate whipped cream and soft lady fingers. The entire thing came together well, and actually wasn't too sweet which I really appreciated. I also appreciate that the dessert menu at L'Artusi always changes through the seasons, as I love nothing more than a seasonally focused menu that utilizes market ingredients. The dainty little raspberries in this tiramisu was exactly what you'd look for in a summer treat! For a picture of the dessert: yelp.com/biz_photos/rp8S… As always, the service here is top-notch and the ambiance super classy. For the sake of the July challenge, I'd suggest just popping in for a seat at the bar to enjoy some wine, a light bite, and some of their beautifully-executed desserts.
<review# 133,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2012,10/14/2012,399,1361,14,6,7>(setting up the instruments)At the door I'm greeted by a pleasant hostess.Welcome to Aquavit, how many will be joining you sire?I'm alone, so one please.Are you here for dinner or for our restaurant week menu selection?Uh.. Restaurant week.Certainly, right this way.(elegant jazz music playing)I'm being whisked past this beautiful looking bar, with beautiful looking people sipping $14 cocktails. I feel like I'm being brought thru heaven but its not my final destination....Here you are sire, enjoy your dinner. I'm seated in a small room that looks like a cruise ship. The waiters come and they are spot on. Folded napkins, forks, and in the best English voice I'm asked, Cocktail to start?Uh. yesFine sire. Here is your restaurant week menu. Its a smorgasbord.Wait a second, what??Yes sire, a smorgasbordYou mean like all you can eat? Like Sizzler?uh.. Sizzler Sire? Yes, all you may wish to partake. Enjoy and bon appetit.(Banjo music playing)...(I now turn into Larry the Cable guy)HOWDY!I look around, see quite people eating little danty things..Well Golly! Lets grab a plate and get the party started!I see a small table but everything is arranged properly.What are these, holy smokes.. MEATBALLS in brown gravy!?I grab about 15 of them, load them all on my plate. Head back to my table, I'm sitting next to two demure Asian woman.I show them my meatballs and say HOWDY!(looks of utter discontent flashed my way)They also have pork belly. Pork Belly, think of cooked bacon. When you cook it down, the fat dissipates and the meat is thin. Pork belly is like a thick, cooked down bacon steak piece. Very decadent.I go back. What is this, that raw fish? Nah.. Its Herring, White Fish and Salmon. All yer can eat! I'm not a big herring guy but the two salmon choices were really fresh and tasty.I go back again.Green salad, cheeses, and sides. Tater salad?! Lordy lordy! Wait a sec, these potatoes are brown inside?!I see a cold, creamy soup with one oyster in clear coffee cups.The Larry in me says: Well looky looky, cute lil soups. You don't think this one lil clammy part is gonna fill up big ol me? I grab 5 and one asian woman quietly throws up in her purse.Dessert has these custard cups, different cookies and small cakes.Yee Haw! My mamma used to call me puddin'. Well it started after she looked in my diaper. (Asian woman next to me is getting ready to perform hari kari)So, $35 bucks to eat where Marcuss Samuelsson trained. Is it worth it, all you can eat? I'm thinking what I had last year at Bar Boulud was mind numbing.. Your call.See ya'll later!
<review# 134,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2012,10/12/2012,245,103,6,20,7>I came here for a girls night after work. I actually really liked this place. It isn't too loud, it isn't too crowded, It isn't too empty, and it isn't too expensive. In all major aspects, this place was just right.They have a nice lay out, great atmosphere, classy yet comfortable vibe and an outdoor patio. I am a big fan of outdoor patios, so to me, this was a huge perk.This would be a perfect place to have a first date (we counted 3 of them happening while we were there). The mood lighting is nice and the crowd is more young adult instead of college kids. Good drink menu, fast service, and chill place. I would go back. I would also highly recommend this place for a date.
<review# 135,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2012,10/11/2012,139,1138,8,9,10>L-O-V-E this location! Even after the recent revamp of the LES spot, this Chelsea jawn takes the cake. First, they are open until 10pm. Second, it is ever so convenient to get to. C or E get off at 23rd and the bam! you are pretty much there.Third, they have a restroom (get buzzed in by the cashier), WiFi, and outlets. Fourth, it's where I finally had what I was thinking was just another urban donut myth. But kids, the Pistachio DP donut does exist. It was everything I had hopped it would be. Of course I ate one there and took one of each version (yeast and cake) to-go. I thought the yeast was amazeballs until I snarfed down the cake one a few hours later. Milkshake face. Life changing. Flat out, incredible. The only downside is that flavors are always a changing and they do not "hold or take pre-orders donuts. The staff here on my three visits have been pretty radtastic. Chatted with cashier dude on my first visit about my urban donut myth and even the gal on the phone was super apologetic when she said they didn't set aside donuts. She agreed it was a huge bummer. Finishing this review they way I started it, I L-O-V-E this location!
<review# 136,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2012,10/10/2012,206,517,18,24,19>I came for the ramen but I found much much more!  I'm a ramen nut so when I heard about their Beef Trifecta noodles I just had to give it a whirl!I dropped by on an early Sunday evening with a few friends and was seated quickly without a reservation.  I was expecting the typical cramped Japanese noodle bar but stumbled into a restaurant with a lot of tables and a full bar... SCORE!  (I totally dig the decor).It took me a second to orient myself but I knew I was in for something different.  The appetizers menu read like a Chinese dim sum menu but with a twist.  Why just have ordinary Shao Mei when you can have... Truffle oil Shao Mei??  Regular shrimp dumplings or "White Jade Bunny" Shrimp Dumplings??  Regular beef dumplings or Steak & Provolone Cheese Pan Fried Dumplings??  We're in the West Village and witnessing some sort of Asian dim sum enlightenment here. Shoot... you can even get your fix of crab meat soup dumplings at Niu.  Are you following me?  I came for the ramen but here I am raving about the appz!  My suggestion is to come in even number groups  so you can share these dishes evenly.  My fave is probably the pan fried flank steak & provolone cheese dumplings with the truffle Shai Mei coming in a close second.  But I'm not done.  I came for the Beef Trifecta Noodle Soup did I not?  This is a fantastic bowl of noodles that includes Flank Steak, Short Ribs & Beef Shank with your choice of noodle and soup base.  You can choose between 6 different types of noodles and 3 different soup bases (that's 18 combinations.. I think).  I went with the Egg Noodle and Spicy Niu Special Soup which was ridiculously good.  First off, they have this cute little chopstick/green onion holder in the shape of their cow logo hanging on the bowl.  The darn thing is so friggin cute.  Love details much?  There's also this awesome wasabi flavored seaweed tempura on top of the noodles  which I wished they would serve as an app or complimentary community dish.  The beef was delish...like they came off a KBBQ grill.  The broth was savory with that noticeable but not overbearing spice kick.  and the noodles?  I didn't know this beforehand...but found out that these Niu noodles are hand made daily!  Bounce Bounce in yo mouth!  Yo... I said... I'm not done!I'm pretty full right about now but the waiter (Chris?) was recommending their shaved ice dessert.  If you've ever had Wooly's or any Taiwanese shaved ice... you know you can't resist this light and fluffy dessert.  What the hell.. I took the leap and ordered the Mango flavored shaved ice.  This was probably one of the best endings to a great meal... I'm thinking they can probably sell thousands of this dessert in a separate operation altogether.  Why hide it tucked away on the bottom of a dessert menu?  GET THIS.  Ok, I think I covered everything.  Now I'm done.
<review# 137,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2012,10/9/2012,183,83,11,4,3>Best Barber Shop of All Time!  Of all time!  I recently moved to the Columbus Circle area and needed a new barber shop and boy did I find it.  This place is old school.  After your cut, they give you a clean razor shave on the sides and back, no matter how many people are waiting. The staff is a mixture of old school guys and new school kids.  You will only find real New Yorkers cutting hair here, and for the most part the same goes for the clientele.  I am here every Friday to get fresh for the weekend.  A haircut is vital to a man's confidence.  Ever since I found this place, I see Ryan Gosling when I look at myself in the mirror.Correction: I think I look better than Ryan Gosling after finding this place.
<review# 138,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2012,10/8/2012,220,168,5,8,5>I came here on an Urban Daddy deal for a tapas platter and unlimited sangria for two for $40 with a two hour limit. Decided to sit at the bar, which was packed but not so many people were sitting down in the back for dinner.Sangria was good, strong and kept flowing. Actually the bartender must have loved us because we got an extra half hour or so for free, yay.The tapas platter consisted of:Patatas Braviolis - Good, but typical.Meatballs - Interesting but they didn't blow me awayGernika Peppers over Croquetas de jamon - I actually really liked the peppers, it was different but the croquetas I could pass on.Empanadillas - Fried, good.. With the unlimited sangrias, there was no way these little dishes were going to fill us. So we ordered ...Sandwich de jamon - This one was the most disappointing. Maybe because I was craving the ones from Spain.. It's supposed to be all about the bread (baguette) and this was buttery toast, like a grilled cheese.Txistos -  I like! Little sausage links deep fried in wonton like wrappers.Earth dessert - The bartender recommended this and said it was really cool because it literally looks like dirt in a playground. Well, it literally does look like a pile of dirt haha, not sure what's so cool about that but it tasted good!I mean they're your standard tapas, I can't say honestly anything was too spectacular, I think you pay for more of the visual presentation of the food, but good nonetheless.
<review# 139,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2012,10/7/2012,213,367,21,14,7>Two reviews in one: Restaurant week and then the Omakase dining experience.1) RESTAURANT WEEK --- I had my first Morimoto experience when I came here for lunch with two friends. I knew that the food wouldn't be the BEST that Morimoto had to offer, but I was still interested to see what kind of fare we would get. Among the three of us, we got the braised black cod and the wagyu beef. The lunch was served bento box style. Each bento box came with the following: 1) miso soup, which had huge pieces of tofu in it. 2) Salad. 3) 3 pieces of sashimi, 3 pieces of sushi with white ginger. 4) Vegetable tempura (asparagus and scallion) with a cheese based dipping sauce. For $24-ish it was not a bad deal at all. The best part of the meal was the dessert! The Green Tea Panna Cotta was freaking delicious. I think the dessert is what cemented my decision to return for dinner.2) OMAKASE --- I came back a few weeks later for dinner. We decided to go with the Omakase menu, which is an extremely common practice in Japan. Basically in Japan, you pull up a seat and your entire menu is up to the chef. (but in Japan you can pay whatever you think your meal was worth... whereas you can't get away with that here!). The Omakase menu usually goes from lighter to heavier fare. For example, we started with some raw selections and worked our way up to the with surf and turf, finally ending with dessert.In my opinion, the Omakase is TOTALLY worth the price, and if you want the fullest dining experience at Morimoto's you need to get it. It's $125 per person. The chef included items that I would have never thought to order on my own, such as the oyster with foie gras. It was one of my favorite dishes that night. I saw some people ordering Omakase for the entire table... no no! That's just awkward. This is a 7-10 course menu, each plate is going to have small servings. Plus, it doesn't make sense to split a piece of sushi 3 ways!LASTLY, you need to use the bathroom there. Just GO even if you don't have to "go." The toilets are badays and are heated! I would totally stop by in the middle of winter just to warm up my patoot!
<review# 140,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2012,10/6/2012,451,256,10,12,7>Do you ever wish you could go to a place with delicious dinner food, creative cocktails, and actually interesting desserts? Do you find yourself looking for places where the server DOESN'T stiffen when everyone shares everything? (I hate that, stop judging us.) Do you secretly wish Yelp has an option for popular places with good ambiance where they won't rush you to leave, so you can actually enjoy the meal?This is THAT place.Perfect for a girls night out or date night, Kyotofu could not have impressed me more. From our croquette appetizers to the light and mildly spicy Mac and cheese to the pomegranate mojito (2-for-1 happy hour until 8) to the chef's choice three course dessert menu (the yuzu tofu cheesecake and signature sweet tofu were highlights, disappointed by the green tea creme brûlée), our meal was made to perfection. Our lovely server even brought out a separate mochi chocolate cake and pear ginger sorbet (AMAZING!) to sing to the birthday girl! How sweet!With the yelp check-in [NY mag's best (gluten free) cupcakes] + happy hour + birthday desserts, we saved more than 40% off the bill (!!!)... And the entire time, our server was a doll! She was gracious, patient, attentive, and so accommodating!I almost didn't want to leave. Even though we ate so much & I was really full, the food was so light that I felt like I could eat the night away. Dangerous.Anyways, I miss you already, Kyotofu. I'm coming back soon. Like tmrw.
<review# 141,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2008,7/31/2008,59,7,54,23,27>a sex-shop from and for women..brilliant.I buy all my toys here and lay in bed at night with them thinking about my yelp crushes
<review# 142,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2008,7/29/2008,411,242,41,31,31>I couldn't do it.  I could not do Karaoke with New York Yelpers that I'd just met.  Oh sure, I may have gotten some courtesy applause from my electric rendition of MC Hammer's ode to abstinence, "Can't Touch This"  but, I know what they'd be thinking...* Is this the whitest black girl on earth or what?*So, I decided to give a display of my "black girl-ness" and excused myself from the karaoke bound Yelpers, by professing a need for fried chicken, NOW.  Because, (say it with me) "BLACK GIRLS NEED FRIED CHICKEN LIKE WE NEED AIR"Well you naysayers, it was Saturday night (like 11:30) and we slipped in without a wait.  I sit down and a very petite girl next to me is clutching her little concave tummy while looking at her empty plate complaining that she is going to have a baby.  All I could do was roll my eyes.  What a pussy!I ordered the medium combo with soy-garlic sauce.  $15 of fried goodness that I could not finish.  Yes, I was the pussy.  I was outclassed by a 50lb petite sorority sister.  *I'm so ashamed*The Korean style fried chicken was absolute perfection.  According to NY Magazine, they rotisserie the chicken. then fry it.  This is what accounts for the juiciness.I held onto one star because of the beverage situation.  $5 for an 8oz Coke???? WTF people?  Who do I look like, Oprah?  I'll pay whatever you want for that chicken, but jaysus $5 for a Coke?  Rawwrrrr  Now throw some Rum in that shit and I'll be all a'ight.
<review# 143,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/5/2008,7/28/2008,4860,175,9,35,24>Is a hotel the sum of all its parts?I love the Four Seasons*, but I was recently disappointed by my lunch at their Ty restaurant.  More accurately, my meal was overshadowed by:1) Very uncomfortable chairs.2) Others' conversations since the tables are too close to one another.3) The middle aged woman to my left, sucking her fingers - Obviously, she was more impressed by the afternoon tea than I.My advice: Ask your host/ess to sit you at one of the large chaise lounges by the front or the plump armchairs near the fireplace in the back.  Forgo the $50 afternoon tea & order from the lunch menu.  I recommend the Cobb salad & the salmon.  The latter arrives with in a lovely sauce & covered in a super crispy skin.  Beautiful presentation.  Our waiter, Darrin provided excellent service.  After several detailed explanations of the tea offerings, I chose the Pannetone, which is based on the flavors of Italian bread.  I wouldn't order it again - It sounds better than it tastes.  If you like Lapsong Souchong (I don't - I like mild), you might want to try their BC Forestea.  I think I'll look into the "Tilleul" Linden Blossom the next time.Total Tea Selections:6 Black Teas8 Herbal Teas3 Green Teas1 Oolong Tea Arrives in Asian style teapots, with mugs from Bernardaud.  (Yes, I flipped it over to check since I considered getting some for my apartment.)  Check out my photos.While you're waiting for your food, do admire the high ceilings from your elevated perch above the lobby.  Do not bother to remind them to bring you bread & butter - Not worth it - Neither warm nor good.  Save your calories.Speaking of cutting calories...  I finished my lunch with the pumpkin cheesecake & pistachio panna cotta.  The former was a bit dense, but the pistachio brittle garnish was great.  The latter was slimy.  Avoid, avoid, avoid!Unfortunately, I was not able to avoid the chemical spray cleaning of the table next to mine.  People are eating!  Here's a thought: Put the cleaner on the rag before you enter the dining area.No dinner, but "Evening brings a sophisticated hors d'oeuvres menu, along with a premium selection of aperitifs, spirits and champagne."Monday to Friday: Continental Breakfast 9 - 11:30 AM Light Lunch 11:30 AM - 5 PM Afternoon Tea 3 - 5 PM  Cocktails 5 - 11 PM  Saturday to Sunday: Light Lunch 2 - 5 PM Afternoon Tea 2 - 5 PMCocktails 5 - 10 PM Hm...  I was hoping to start the new year with a more positive review (Especially since I got ROTD for January 1)...  Oh well.  Maybe my second review of the year will be more happy.*yelp.com/user_details_re…
<review# 144,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2007,7/27/2008,104,216,13,13,17>6 Knives and Forks to be exact. For the 6 course $45 tasting menu. Though truth be told SWF (Smart Wine Friend) and I did the wine pairing too. Playback:FIRST COURSE: Torchon of foie grasMe: I'm evil. I like foie gras. And this red onion marmalade... yummy like that plum mostaza with pork confit at Eleven Madison.SWF: That should be a T-shirt. "I'm evil. I like foie gras." Our cynical t-shirt business has languished.SECOND COURSE: Seared tuna in Tom Yum soup with seaweed & veggiesMe: Tuna is good. Soup is good. I love seaweed. Where can I get buckets of seaweed salad without paying a bunch?SWF: I don't know. Me: But do the tuna and soup really need eachother?SWF: Not really, they'd be good on their own.THIRD COURSE: Seared scallops with pea puree, Black pudding and Tomato tapenade.Me: I love scallops. I have this Thomas Keller recipe where he does them with pea puree and cipolline onions and truffles. Yum.SWF: How does he do the onions?Me: Poached? Roasted. I don't know. Black pudding and morcilla weird me out. SWF: But you ate it all. Me: True.FOURTH COURSE: Halibut with cream on potato gratinMe: Creamy. I'm not so cream oriented. SWF: But this is good. They seared it perfectly.FIFTH COURSE: Lamb on some cream thingSWF: This lamb is great. The best thing so far. How do you think they did the lamb?Me: I don't know. Little bits at a time? What is this schmear of stuff?SWF: Carrot puree.Me: It's really good. You know the chef doesn't smile. At all.SWF: Why? Are you trying to get him to smile?Me: I guess not.SIXTH COURSE: Ginger creme bruleeMe: I want a torch... to light things on fire too.SWF: Do you need one? A little much no?Me: I guess I could broil. (*sigh*) This is really good.SWF: Yeah, but I don't know if I'd serve a creme brulee with a tasting menu.Me: Hmmm... I guess.SEVENTH COURSE: Glass of wine at another establishmentMe: That was really good. Super good.SWF: Yeah. It was just plated so artistically. I don't need little gobs and shmears and stuff. I prefer Alice Waters' style.Me: Yeah, I guess I prefer a little more rustic presentation. But the food was still really good. The chef never smiled. That might make it 4 stars instead of 5.SWF: Why do you care if the chef smiled? Will you please just drink your wine?
<review# 145,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2008,7/24/2008,218,231,25,13,15>I know everything there is to know about wine!  My birth name that was given to me was Miles Raymond, but I convinced my parents to name me Chris J."Sideways" is my autobiography in cinematic form.Now that we have established that I am essentially a wine god and have the most delicate palate we can proceed to the review of Loti.I've been here three times (so I must know what I'm talking about). Thrice with the same person. The following event may or may not have occurred:Waiter: What can I get for you, sir.CJ: Oh, I'll have whatever is fresh today...you know from the box. Maybe your finest Firenza.Waiter: I'm sorry but we don't sell boxed wine here.CJ: I know. I was just testing you to see if you knew that you didn't sell boxed wine. Old cop trick. You didn't fall for it. I dunno bring me something red and wet.Waiter: How about the Cab ($12)?CJ: Sure.Each time I've been to this comfortable wine bar, I've had the Cabernet. Yeah. I'd say I'm aggressive, and very much adventuresome.  Loti is a great wine bar, it's warm, dark, inviting, and void of any pretentious attitude.  The patrons range from single women dressed sophisticatedly, groups of older couples, and frat boys with the requisite hat turned backwards and North Face fleece.Recommendation: Bring a girl here, and pretend that you know something about anything for a change. My favorite aspect is that the place never really fills entirely up so it maintains that feeling of intimacy."No, if anyone orders Merlot, I'm leaving. I am NOT drinking any f*cking Merlot!"
<review# 146,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2008,7/23/2008,3042,746,1,28,21>I'm still dreaming about Spigolo's braised short rib ravioli. *drool* Simply to die for. The beet salad was decadent, the steak was cooked to perfection, it's a shame I've been in the neighborhood all these years and never made an effort to come in! Small cozy little husband and wife owned Italian "cooked to perfection" eatery will surely leave your taste buds dancing and your pocketbook empty (yes you'll want to try everything on the menu it's delicious).  This is one of those places that people love to relax and enjoy a delicious meal... unfortunately because of the limited seating it can sometimes be difficult to get a table (so make a reservations).Can't get enough? Well leave room for dessert because you're going to kick yourself if you forget.All around lovely staff, nice ambiance, and a cute little neighborhood spot worth a trip from whatever part of town you're in.  Outdoor spring/summer seating is available and a decent wine list to boot.Date Rating: 8Pick up Scale: 2Strong Suggestions: The have a million specials to come back for as things constantly change with each season.
<review# 147,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2007,7/22/2008,233,176,16,18,21>"What do you mean, 'No Photographs Please'?" I questioned the menu aloud. King looked at me shaking his head, reinforcing the message written in fine print at the bottom of the menu. "Minus one star for your review later," he said and smiled. But I couldn't resist. It's not that I'm a law-breaker at heart or a contrarian like King--it's just that the two fine slices of cake placed before us were too beautiful for me to desecrate without savoring the memory for later.So I stole a few stealthy glances, then pulled out my cellphone. Pretending to check my messages, I undertook the secret operation of capturing the classy images forever on my phone. Sleek and clean in its design, the luscious Gateau au Chocolat shone brighter than the silver fork beside it. And the contrasting snow-white cheesecake next to it made the snapshot complete. The tastes were just as wonderful as the pictures. Sweet and pungent, the cheesecake slid smoothly down the throat, and the rich chocolate cake caressed the jaw with a tingling sensation. "My God," I thought, bite after bite. They were quiet moments--each moment a simple satisfaction for the taste buds. A moment where the decor of the store made sense: Its white walls and clothing-boutique feel melded gracefully with the classic silhouettes and chic tastes of the desserts, uniting the senses into a glorified experience. Surely I'd love to listen to King--who recommended Lady M and accompanied me on this excursion--and take away a star from this review for the inconvenience of capturing the memories lawfully. But at this defining moment in my limited dessert eating experience, I weaken at the knees at the thought of M'y beloved' Lady and cannot but kiss the picture on my phone and extol both cakes with five stars. And to be fair, I'll take the average of the two and brand Lady M with five stars as well.
<review# 148,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/2/2008,7/21/2008,119,457,51,31,34>Oh..Hi Strand.  I'd like to take a look inside you to see what sort of treasures you hold within your gigantic self.  Oh, I have to give all my belongings to the faux security guard?  Ok...cool.  Oh...now I've got to navigate through a dense sea of self-absorbed book shoppers?  Whatevs.   Oh...I now have to inhale 81 years of dust which will then  trigger obnoxious allergies.  Hey, it comes with the territory.  I'm gonna go look around now. (a few minutes later)Hey...um Strand?  Hi.  I just got finished talking to one of your employees at the help desk and he was extremely pretentious and not at all helpful.  You may want to look into that.  Oh and a quick question:  you're a like a huge bookstore with 18+ miles of books, right?  Then why don't you have any Carson McCullers?  She's not all that obscure and you seem to have about 16 copies of each of Al Franken's books and about 25 copies of the new book by that assshole drill sergeant from Celebrity Fit Club; but not one of the greatest American writers of the 20th century? Hmmm...You know what Strand... I think you're a really nice guy but I don't really see what all the fuss is about. I mean I know you're a vestige of the old 4th Ave. "Book Row" but you just kinda don't do it for me.  I think I'm gonna go around the corner to the Alabaster.  It's about 1/16 the size of you but at least I can find things and people aren't jerks.  Maybe you could sell me a $1 book every once in a while.  Other than that...I think we should just be friends.
<review# 149,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2008,7/20/2008,151,160,11,11,9>I felt adventurous today. And boy, did Rice reward me for that! I needed a good lunch after yesterdays debacle (not yet reviewed).It's Rice: they have rice and asian themed dishes. And then there was Ratatouille, jumping out at me on the menu. Hmm, a French country dish, let's see how can the Asian fusion place screw this up (see, that's the adventurous part)? But I love an nice hearty stew, so I tried it. And boy was it GREAT!! I wish I skipped the mediocre specialty rice dish (the Lebanese Rice) and the bland Kheer and ordered 2 Ratatouilles. That's right, 2, because when it comes to good food, je suis un porc. It was fresh and chunky and spiced almost identically to my French step-father's method. Which is pretty much the best Ratatouille I've ever had. So this will be the 2nd best.I had delivery, so I can't speak to the decor or space.[Ed. Note: Just in case you didn't think I liked the Ratatouille here, I should let you all know I got it again for lunch the following day. That's right, same lunch 2 days in a row. Yummmm.]
<review# 150,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/25/2008,7/19/2008,355,129,9,10,11>Pluses:-----------Clean, modern decor.-Outdoor tables and open airy interior.-Wood burning brick oven pizzas ($12 for a medium sized pie).-Hearty, rustic bread.-The tropicali salad ($10) was splendid (frise, hearts of palm and avocado in a tangy, lemon, vinegar & oil dressing)-Al dente spaghetti with mussels, clams, calamari & shrimp ($14) in a marinara sauce looked and tasted like the way I make a quick pasta at home.**FYI, I make my quick pasta using Trader Joe's spaghetti (organic), TJ's Marinara Sauce and TJ's frozen seafood medley.Minuses:-------------Lackluster service (we had to ask for everything -- from the parmesan cheese to the fresh black pepper).-Our first wine choice, the Montepulciano ($9) tasted tart, thin and was lacking.  Luckily, my dinner companion found a small floating b _ _  in her glass and this gave us the chance to have the wine changed to a newly opened bottle of chianti.  It tasted deeper, oaky and thankfully the glass was b_ _ -free.By the end of the meal, I realized we were the only English speaking diners in the restaurant.  The languages I recognized diners speaking were German, French, Cantonese, Dutch.  A great choice if you're a tourist visiting NYC.  For this native New Yorker, I felt like a tourist too!**Cash only**Note to tourists, be sure to tip at the end of the meal -- the servers will stand over your table when returning your change to ensure you leave a tip.  I witnessed this first-hand and at other tables.
<review# 151,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2007,6/11/2007,175,410,15,13,12>Chicken: Insanely delicious and horrifyingly no good for you, as is anything worth doing. Believe the hype.Sides: Not worthy of the chicken. More butter, more oil, more grease, please!
<review# 152,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/16/2007,6/9/2007,21,52,11,9,12>My first Yelp review...so be gentle with me.This is about the 4th or 5th time that I've been back to Sapa. I'm not sure if it's the food or the open high-style sexiness of the whole place. I've taken a date there each time...and each time, the evening turned quickly from a pleasant dinner to a hot, passionate connection. Sure, the chemistry had a lot to do with it, but I am positive it was the whole Sapa experience...right down to the zen-like, cabana size restrooms downstairs. I was there on Wednesday night with a friend. I had reservations and asked specifically for a more intimate spot in the restaurant. The staff quickly accommodated my request by seating us in a cozy corner in the back. Nice! Then, we noticed an empty reserved table for about 20 people right next to us. I had visions of someones birthday dinner and a noise-fest. The staff was pleasant and moved us to a quieter zone. We kicked things off with a Lychee Bellini and a Mint Lemonade. They were the perfect drinks to wash down the cool lobster roll and spicy lettuce wrapped beef satay...It was like a "good cop/bad cop" finger food experience. I had a hard time figuring out if I liked the waiter or not...he was friendly in a sort of scripted, contrived way...there was nothing natural about his demeanor. No matter, just bring on the food. My female friend and I both decided to do beef for the main course. I went for the beef fillet & broccoli stir fry this time...and she had the grilled rib-eye. Both of our dishes were good, but we thought the sauces overshadowed the beef....more bellini's and mint lemonades..Where's the waiter? We hadn't seen him in a good 30 minutes (which was good because I'm into helicopter wait staff hovering over you every second)...Guess he was trying to juggle the party for 20 and the rest of the area. Our dessert was friggin' deadly! The chocolate lava cake was the closest thing to having sex right at the table.  It was the perfect finisher to a pretty decent dinner. All in all, with so many really good eating spots in Manhattan, I would return to Sapa on an ass-needed basis. Great to take a first date...a quick drink with some french fries at the bar...or a birthday party.
<review# 153,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2007,6/8/2007,309,652,21,19,18>Spaceship Discovery One: that's all I could think of when I walked into the bar at Maru, after a scary ride in the dingy elevator that takes you there. Little did I expect to find a beautiful place like this one. The decor is modern and sophisticated, with white leather couches and dim neon lighting, alleys of pebble stones on the floor, and a men's room vaguely reminiscent of a teleporter booth. I was there with yelptastic Joolie T, Maritess Z, Audrey J, Maria M and Javier M, and we got one of the karaoke room combos: for $250, private room until closing, bottle of Grey Goose with unlimited mixers, beer and fruit platter... A little pricey but not too bad a deal considering the crazy fun we had in there. The room was pretty nice, but they need to revert those one-way mirrors: people outside can see you, but you can't see them... so strange. Soon enough the disco lights were on and we were all rocking to Korean pop, Grease and Madonna. I wish I could remember more of what we sang... I guess the Grey Goose did its job. What I do remember, though, is putting on a dance show with Maritess that would have made Britney blush. I had no voice when we finally left at 4am.
<review# 154,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2007,6/7/2007,93,268,12,16,15>there is nothing i don't love about this store.  their wares are awesome, they have a platform above this wind thing so you can try on a cape and have it blowing in a superhero-esque fashion, they make you recite a superhero's pledge when you purchase something, and they're primarily there to support a writing program for kids.  simply awesome in every way.  this has actually become one of my favorite places to take out-of-town guests, or even manhattanites who are visiting me in brooklyn, because it's so unique and it's a lot of fun to wander around the store.
<review# 155,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2006,6/5/2007,103,2108,4,25,24>An Upper East Side landmark, this small, unpretentious watering hole is the kind of hangout you'd expect to find near a suburban college campus - or a bit closer to NYU - rather than in one of the city's most expensive neighborhoods. You can't go wrong by sticking to simple fare like salads, chili, or the justifiably acclaimed burgers.
<review# 156,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2007,6/4/2007,147,58,15,10,15>If it means I can comfortably enjoy a film by avoiding the stereotypical gaggle of obnoxious teenagers who frequent the larger movie houses (think AMC on 42nd st.), then I wholeheartedly embrace the higher ticket prices and relative geographic obscurity offered by the RBP11.  Most NYC film houses fail miserably in the charm department, creating stuffy, impersonal atmospheres that cater to a raucous clientele who would rather spend two hours hurling a litany of obscenities at a screen than actually watching a film.  If movie chain giants like AMC and Sony are alarmed by the home theater revolution spearheaded by Netflix and other DVD rental services, they should be.  Most people are quite tired of shelling out top dollar for a movie ticket, only to endure the misogynistic humor stylings of some 15 year old who just snuck into the theater.  Eventually, I grew weary of waiting for films to come out on dvd JUST so I could avoid being trapped in a darkroom with a throng of unruly, squirming puberty pirates.  Time to take back the theaters, my friends!!! But where to go?  RBP11 shone like a beacon in the vast, dark terrain of movie going mayhem.Despite being located in close proximity to Ground Zero, RBP11 has managed to survive in area that saw so many businesses financially decimated in the wake of the 9/11 tragedy.  When I started noticing a large number of tourists congregating at the WTC site to make a morbid, post-mortem examination of a neighborhood in mourning, I decided to take a break from visiting the area.  I found RBP11 when I couldn't obtain ducats to some overproduced blockbuster that was selling out everywhere else. I didn't wait on line for very long, and with some time to kill, I decided to check out some of RBP11's non-cinematic offerings such as the restaurants and hotel(!!!) situated in the complex.  I can't remember off hand the exact names of the restaurants, but I was taken aback by their presence in a cineplex, nonetheless.  And the hotel?  Wow.  You could go to bed right after the movie if you made reservations :)  The theater itself (at least the one I was in) was quite impressive.  Cushy seats with a reclining feature, and enough legroom so your knees won't be crushed if the person in front of you leans back.  Best of all, my fellow moviegoers conducted themselves in a civilized manner.  Not one cell phone went off.  Can't ask for more than that!  You can start a great night at the movies with a detour to nearby Kitchenette for some homestyle cookin'.  yelp.com/biz/E5_ctUi_mEI…And by homestyle, I mean a nice country home in Iowa, not my home.  We be eatin' ramen twenty-fo' seven up in thurr, homes!
<review# 157,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/14/2006,6/3/2007,47,63,23,8,7>Our Ninja waiter was Toby.  Toby the Ninja. *   He was a pleasant ninja, lightning-quick with a smile or a refill on my beer.  I ordered the chicken, which I will assume was prepared by a ninja.  It was fine as chickens go, but it was small.  Maybe I'm crazy, but I hold ninja chefs to a higher standard.The highlight of the meal was the ninja magic show, flawlessly performed at the end of the meal by Danny the Ninja.  No one does sleight of hand quite like a ninja.This place definitely has a cheesy, theme-restaurant feel, but that's okay, because we're talking about ninjas here.  In summation: ninja, ninja, ninja.Note:  I will be copyrighting the name "Toby the Ninja".  It will either be the name of a band or a series of coming-of-age teen novels.  In any event, the name is mine, so please do not use it (unless you are the waiter Toby the Ninja).
<review# 158,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2007,6/1/2007,104,216,3,18,15>I never thought I'd review a lawyer. I was hoping I'd never have to. But after 3 years of having a leaking roof which has collapsed twice, ruined my floors and furniture, left me sleepless, listening to water and wind rush into my apartment at all hours, and leaving an unforgiving 10 foot hole in your ceiling (euphemism skylight) when your apartment is only 20 feet long to begin with and when this hole eats your your summer attempts at air-conditioning, your winter attempts at heating, grows allergenic and toxic mold...and no one is doing anything... well yeah... you get my point. And it is amazing how hard it is to find a co-op lawyer. So I finally gave up and I went to Edward Braverman on the rec of a friend. Edward  Braverman is the antithesis of that subway-ad buying, ambulance chasing stereotype you may have in your head. He's kind, caring, efficient and brilliant. He got me relocated while they fixed my apartment and wouldn't let my management company house me in an unsafe neighborhood or do a crappy job in my apartment. So here is my big yelp for Mr. Braverman. I hope you never need him, but if you do, I highly recommend him.
<review# 159,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2007,5/31/2007,61,63,18,9,11>Oh, Odessa... You are always there for me, day and night, when the diner food cravings hit.Like last night when I had dinner plans elsewhere but was canceled on at the last minute... And by that, I mean my friend backed out of plans an hour after we were supposed to meet up.  Brutal.  (Yes, I was ditched!  Can you believe it?!)So, it's 9:30 on a Sunday night.  I'm all alone, feeling rejected, and oh so hungry.  And there you are, with open doors, welcoming me in and filling my belly with a delicious comforting feast.  I went with chicken noodle soup, grilled cheese with tomato, and fries.  A classic.  And you always get it right, Odessa.  Consistent and loyal to the end... unlike some people!But I'm not bitter about getting ditched or anything.  Well, maybe a little.  But at least I'm not hungry anymore.
<review# 160,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2007,5/30/2007,98,60,22,21,18>This is an excellent steak house that has never once seated me on time. Be advised that even if you're on time the hostess will chant "Tables are leaving... just a few more minutes" for about 30-40 minutes.The steaks here are why I stopped being a whiny, pasty vegetarian in canvas shoes. They have one of the hottest broilers in the city, so the steak is marvelously seared on the outside. Their seasoning is simple and stellar. You don't need steak sauce. In fact, I curse your steak sauce usage.The appetizers are good but overpriced. We no longer bother with them. Bread basket, appetizers, entree and sides - too much food, unless you're morbidly obese.Speaking of sides: Excellent. Our usuals are Creamed Spinach with Truffle Oil and the deliciously unhealthy Goose Fat Potatoes. Get 'em before our liberty-restricting intrusive City Council bans 'em.Never once made it to dessert. The dessert portions could feed a small nation's sweet tooth.Service is usually quite good. Great wine list. Killer atmosphere. Tight quarters. Moderately noisy. They're on OpenTable, which makes reserving a table easy - but if you're seated on time it'd be a frickin' miracle.
<review# 161,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2006,5/22/2006,268,228,,5,2>If you miss Paris and you love steak, you are in luck.  The only place on the UES that has very decent Steak Frites, nice salads, wonderful escargot and they have never disappointed with whatever red wine they recommended.  Not inexpensive, but you get a good bang for the buck! You'll also love the ambiance and the attentive service, minus the attitude. Its also very romantic without being stuffy.I return to this place again and again.
<review# 162,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2006,5/21/2006,68,43,4,2,4>hahaaaa!video.google.com/videopl…
<review# 163,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/19/2006,5/20/2006,3,12,1,1,2>Hipster Hangout / Hook-up Central : if that's your stylez, go for it. Many of my friends are regulars - its a bit much for me. But I give props to the Fish because almost everyone has a story to tell about it. Mine is this one time their restrooms didn't have TP (I always check first) so I came back out and gave a heads up to the woman waiting after me. She digs around in her bag and produces a little Kleenex 'travel pack" then says "I'm a mom, so I'm always ready for something like this." Pretty impressive when a Lower East Side bar has styled-out Westchester MILFs as part of their weekend crowd - that ain't nothing to fuck with...
<review# 164,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2006,5/19/2006,65,63,1,3,2>I'll come clean...this is my friend's restaurant. But I'd also tell him it sucked if it did. Luckily, it doesn't. Using mostly local ingredients from small purveyors, Picket Fence serves comfort food to fill your belly. Buttermilk Fried Chicken, BACON sandwich, turkey meatloaf...dinner, lunch or brunch. It's all good. And don't miss the back patio during the warm weather. Great spot for a cold beer and a snack.
<review# 165,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2006,5/18/2006,48,107,,4,3>For us Brooklynites, this is the equivalent to the Union Square Greenmarket, complete with enthusiastic farmers, apple-sellers, and the lot. It's open nearly every Saturday of the year, and is especially bountiful in Fall and Spring. Go there as an outing or for your local produce, then hang out in Prospect Park, followed up by a trip to the Brooklyn Museum or Library, and you've got a great day ahead of you. I like the stand that sells local fish, caught off a boat in Long Island, and the people who sell plants grown in the Bronx. If you live near Park Slope, Prospect Heights, Crown Heights or Flatbush Avenue, there's no reason you shouldn't be shopping at this Greenmarket!
<review# 166,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2006,5/17/2006,81,203,,2,3>By far the best chocolate in the city.  Delectable chocolates are literally flown in from Paris daily.  Their hot chocolate is to die for...like drinking a candy bar.  Pricey but that is probably for the best since an unsuspecting first time customer could find themselves suddenly in the throws of a full blown addiction.
<review# 167,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2005,5/16/2006,37,138,10,2,2>If you absolutely need a wedge of stilton hand-crafted in 1820s by the cousins of welsh nuns, Murray's is the place for you.  They sell cheeses here which I could never have dreamed existed for consumption, and I've had cheese-related reveries an average of several times a day for years.  The selection is insultingly extensive, and they even have a "cheese cave" which allows for prime oogling of massive wheels of treasure.That said, the J. Peterman-style blurbs on everything got me down a little bit.  Don't get me wrong, I'm glad the staff feels that every bite of their gouda is a lavendar-laced flight of fancy through the 16th century Flemish countryside or whatever they put on the label.  However, personally I prefer my big wheels of mold without so much hype, and the slick marketing pitch makes me suspicious.Maybe I'm just bitter that Murray's is so well-lit and un-romantic.  I like a little mystery with my curds, like I found at the weird, stinky, all-cheese restaurant I visited in paris.  It was dingy and bizarre and I think it had a broken elevator.  It was out of this world.  By contrast, Murray's is bright and clean, not stinky at all, and feels like Bloomindales.The main problem with Murray's though, and I can't believe no other yelp reviewer has mentioned this, is that the prices are fairly panic-inducing.  There are only a handful of options under 10 dollars a pound, and most are closer to 20 bucks a pound.  This makes Murray's a pretty far reach for those of us who aren't being kept as mistresses by a wealthy uptown "cheddar daddy."I respect that you have to pay more for something really special, and I'm happy to do so, but at Murray's it seems that even the dairy goods that are not very rare or difficult to find are marked up to suit a Gotti-style tax bracket.  I guess this is to help fund the many cheese-seeking expeditions which Murray's buyers must undergo to discover Reggianos available only in Atlantis, and all those kinds of delicacies.In summation, Murray's isn't that charming and it's sure not affordable, but if you have the cash and want something really special, the selection at Murray's cannot be beat.
<review# 168,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2005,5/15/2006,2,24,2,3,>This is pretty much my favorite place. Biggest and craziest menu on the planet. Just make sure you abide by the rules and everything will be cream cheese.Play a game of connect four or trivial pursuit while you wait for your food and be sure to grab some free candy on the way out. Thanks, honey.
<review# 169,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2006,5/14/2006,3168,2977,3,1,3>Get unmanageably large scoops on cones and attempt to eat it as you walk back to your hotel. Flip flops are the preferred footwear for this activity, as gelato will inevitably melt and drip on your feet.A must on a warm afternoon!
<review# 170,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2006,5/13/2006,31,35,12,4,4>Landmarc is my very favorite restaurant. Ever. If you want to get laid (by me that is) you will take me here. It's contemporary French bistro with some Italian influences. The wine program truly sets it apart. Large list of full and half bottles that are barely marked up in price and a knowledgeable staff. (So no paying $50 for a bottle you know costs $20.) Have them leave the list with you so you can marvel at the many options and strategize.I always have a steak (either hangar or skirt) with chimichurri sauce and fries. I say I am going to try a new entree each time but the steak always wins. Landmarc serves a variety of cuts and sauces so you can freely mix and match (hangar, strip, skirt, filet mignon, rib eye, or grilled portobello pairs with green peppercorn, shallot bordelaise, dijonnaise, chimichurri, butter maitre d'hotel, bearnaise). It's like Granimals, but with French food. I also love to share the mussels as an appetizer (with similar sauce pairing options). And then share the dessert sampler (with all 6 menu items). Anyone who knows me knows I hate to share. So not only is Landmarc wonderful, but I grow as a person when I am there. The decor is cool and modern. Upstairs they have a batcave/ VIP room that I have never sat in --- but I aspire. The bar downstairs is small, so if it's crowded you may find yourself moving around to let the staff through. Landmarc only takes reservations for groups of 6 to 10.  So go early or prepare to wait. Luckily the wait is worth it.
<review# 171,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2007,9/1/2007,1916,875,52,28,29>Indulge me, if you will, for a story.  A story of fatness.My roommate and I used to have a tradition called Fat Sunday in which every Sunday night, we'd order obscene amounts of Chinese take-out and watch Desperate Housewives and Grey's Anatomy (back when they were on at the same time...sigh...oh the memories).  One night we had some people joining us, and we decided to switch up the fatness and order something different.  In our huge stack of take-out menus we found Empanada Mama, and thought, hey, why not.Now, there weren't all that many of us, (maybe 4?) but we ordered A LOT of empanadas.  I mean, a lot.  So many that we decided when the delivery guy arrived we would yell something like "Hey guys! The food's here!" back to imaginary people in our bedrooms so that he wouldn't think we were total fat-asses for ordering something like 24 empanadas for 4 people - yup, that's 6 per person.  We call it Fat Sunday for a reason, people!  But here's the rub (and the fat).  We ordered so many so that we could try as many flavors as possible (and, of course, to be as fat as possible), but they left out one flavor, leaving us four empanadas short. We paused.  Clearly we had plenty of empanadas (this loss put us down to what, 20?) but we had paid for all of them and wanted to try all the flavors.  Should we admit true obesity and call back and demand yet MORE empanadas.  Yes, damn it!  It's Fat Sunday!  So we did, and they obliged promptly.  And were they delicious, hot, cheap, and oh-so-fat? You betcha.  A great little place to stop for some fried latino goodness and not do any damage to your wallet.  Unfortunately I can't say the same for your waistline.
<review# 172,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2007,8/31/2007,786,1284,31,13,20>first of all... let me refrain from strangling myself. i breathe Union Square- and i overlooked reviewing my temple, my heart and soul, the bread and butter of my life.... Sephora. how i managed to do that, i have no clue. so let's get on with the show. when i'm bored: you'll find me here. when i'm lost: you'll find me here.when i'm sad and lonely that day: you'll find me here.when i feel glamorous and haute: you'll find me here putting makeup on people. when i'm meeting up friends: you'll find me here.when i have only but $20 in my wallet and i haven't had lunch or dinner yet: you'll still find me here. i might as well set-up-shop and pitch a tent inside the store. they greet me with a smile... but sometimes i think it's a slight grimace from seeing me so much. i don't know why i don't work there... but that wouldn't be fun, would it? i'd rather loiter around and sample makeup all day long. i buy everything from shampoo, hair styling products, facial wash/lotion/etc., make up, and bath products. no wonder my credit bills are insane. i can't stop myself from buying a $70 Shiseido cream. meh. then again.... i can spend $235 in CVS in a duration of 30 minutes. i have problems.
<review# 173,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/12/2007,8/30/2007,618,1242,14,10,9>I have mixed feelings about this place.  I came here with several Yelpers, including the venerable Rocky P who swears by this establishment, and while the drinks are a bit expensive and the service on the cool side as the other reviews point out, c'mon, we're in New York City and you're in KTown.  What the fuck did you expect?At chorus, expect a clean interior with a full-service bar, a decent library peppered with a few pages of recent hits, and both private rooms and a decent sized lounge where you can make an ass out of yourself in front of complete strangers while singing Sexy Back with Roderick A.  Songs are 2 bucks a pop on the outside, so whether you're a mic hog or a wallflower, you get what you pay for.  You can also smoke in the stairwell outside Chorus, so you don't have to make the trek three floors down.I would actually give this place four stars, but one of the songs that I put in that I actually paid for wasn't played. The night was winding down, however, and I'm not one to bitch over two bucks, so we packed up, headed out, and sang in the street instead.
<review# 174,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2007,8/29/2007,394,41,44,30,35>Good sushi is like good sex:- the menu changes often- it's more fun when you try something new & crazy rather than "yee olde standby"- the more cordial & polite everything is at the start, the messier it gets in the middle- if you grab something the wrong way, you can't tell which side is up & which is down- and if you're not intimately involved with the other party in the transaction, it can be very costlyor "so i've heard".a 24 in zagat was enough to usher us in the door.   who gets a zagat 24 in the EV these days?     well ok, one other sushi restaurant.   but they don't have a name that rhymes with "pepe le piu".actually, you know when you have REALLY tasty sushi?   you don't want to "spoil" it by dipping it in your soy sauce/wasabi combo.   that is, if you want to taste each flavor in the roll & you AVOID the soy sauce, ya know yer in for some real sushi!by the way - i LOVE the people in sushi restaurants that make a point to rub their chopsticks together REALLY HIGH ABOVE THE TABLE.   their dates shudder & hide under the table & brace themselves to prepare for some person at a nearby table (whispers to their date: "why is he doing that?")  and the sticks-rubber boldly declares "OH, YOU RUB THEM TOGETHER TO GET RID OF THE SPLINTERS...YEAH, I'M GETTING RID OF THE SPLINTERS!... NO SPLINTERS!"(as their under-the-table date stabs themselves in the eye with their chopsticks)ROLLS- Lobster roll ($15) -- you can see the fresh chilled lobster at the sushi bar...so you know this thing's going to be yummy- eel & avocado roll ($11?) -- MY FAVORITE.   the avocado was chilled (and somehow remained chilled, the entire time it was on the plate) and the eel was nice & warm & crispy.   the chilled avocado was so smooth & fresh it tasted like ice cream.   no joke.- jalapeno yellowtail roll - more great flavors, excellent cuts of fish made this the freshest roll on the plate.- miso soup.  i don't know exactly what was in it, but it was less salty than most, well prepared, tasted great.had no room for dessert but they looked fantastic - i will be back.the only trick (as everyone mentioned) is the price tag.    if you'd rather spend less:M-Th - Typhoon Sushi - 1/2-priced sushi  Always:  Kurasushi but the SERVICE was perfect too - didn't come by the table too often, were there RIGHT when we needed some help.it's a great once-in-a-while sushi experience.don't be a foo - check out le miu.(gratuitous play-on-words ending!)
<review# 175,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/2/2007,8/28/2007,175,410,27,10,15>If, last year, I had given you a taste of this oddly tangy frozen dessert and said that jaded Manhattanites, in Chelsea no less, would stand in line outdoors in the heat of summer to pay $8 for a whole cup of it, you would have laughed me all the way to LA. And that's why you're not a millionaire right now.
<review# 176,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2007,8/27/2007,35,21,4,9,9>Ahhh there is nothing like torturing your body like swimming, biking, and running all in the same day.  I just finished my second NYC triathlon and  living in San Francisco this has become my destination triathlon each year.  My wife who doesn't compete also wins by spending the whole week in NYC seeing museums and shopping.  The distances: Olympic Distance Tri, 1 mile swim, 25 miles biking, 6 miles running.The swim:  A point to point swim in the Hudson River!!  Doesn't sound  appealing at first but the river isn't that bad.  The swift currents makes anyone a fast swimmer so your mile PR'S (personal record)  are easy to achieve.  The only problem is the last 100 meters the waters are shallow and the river bottom is kind of tarry, so it is suggested to try to swim all the way.  If you're a bad swimmer, just let the currents take you downstream.The Bike:  A 25 mile trek up the West Coast Hwy with appox 2200 feet of total climbing.  It's a fun rolling course with river views, and downhill straightaways. The last turnaround you get a view of the NYC skyline.  The Run:  The first mile you have 72nd street all to yourself and the run is very surreal.  People line the streets to cheer you on.  The course then takes you to Central Park and you run a big loop around Central Park.  It's very cool to finish the race there.Once you finish, the racers are treated like VIP kings.  Free food, drinks, tee shirts, caps, wet ice cold towels and a medal.  There is even a tent with Swedish Masseuses students who give 30-45 mins FREE massages.  The race is very organized and professional.  It's neat to see some of the world class athletes racing with you.  It is timed using a computer chip so loved ones can receive text messages of your progress.  There is even a 10 second video of yourself that gets sent to you at the finish line.The Bad:  NYC can be hot and humid during July so the racing conditions can be hard.  I cramped up both years during the run portion but I did finish.All and all an enjoyable event which I plan to do each year, gives my wife and I an excuse to visit NYC!
<review# 177,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2006,8/26/2007,395,209,25,35,32>I contemplated reviewing Masa's because well... I'm Japanese. I've lived in Tokyo where frankly the sushi-go-rounds beat some of the top rated sushi restaurants here. Only one of my memorable dinners exceeded a grand. (for three people) It's too bad that hefty price tags are a given for real good food in the U.S. and lately it seems too inflated.That said, my experience had to be one of the best I've had. Easily places in my top 20. However, it's too damn expensive! I also took a peek at Bar Masa's menu. 50 dollars for negi-toro is too over the top.  Bottom line, if you can afford it, go to Masa's, not the Bar, for the full experience. But if you can't, save your money. Two trips to Masa's will cover flight and accommodations for a week in Tokyo. Easily. *travel budget calculated during off peak seasons and staying at a weekly apartment instead of a regular hotel. peak season would be three trips to Masa.[edit]I docked a star because Masa doesn't tip out their staff - servers included - FOR SHAME.
<review# 178,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2007,8/25/2007,4860,175,29,28,25>I was dressed (Literally, in a dress) & ready for a lovely night with Kurt S. when...  *Thunder*  Within 15 minutes, I learned of various blackouts in the city.  Con Edison & Mother Nature had conspired to ruin my evening of cocktails at the U.S. preview of Blancpain's new Fifty Fathoms.So, I'm sitting at home writing a review about the boutique instead.I'm certain Russ W. is not shedding any tears for me.Blancpain is the watch for those serious about their timepieces.  The Company was created in 1735 & has vowed never to manufacture a quartz watch.  Never!  This fact alone should compel connoisseurs to be brand loyal.  You must admire a Company that stands solidly behind its ethics.  During my last visit to the store, I was interested in the Villeret.  Specifically, the minute repeater.  Slim.  Refined.  Perfect.  I wanted to see a few other options & Nicole Sarault pleasantly offered assistance.  The space is cozy, perhaps the size of a large office or a small conference room.  The decor is tasteful & relatively sparse, the better to showcase the beauty of the timepieces.  Note to Kurt: Raincheck?  (Pun intended.)
<review# 179,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2007,8/24/2007,0,0,29,14,20>Imagine there's no touristsIt's easy if you tryNo homeless bums around usUrine running down their pantsideImagine all the peoplephotographing everythingOoOOOOOOoooooYou can say I'm a haterI'm not the only oneSome day you'll go thereTrip and fall over some bum.
<review# 180,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2007,8/22/2007,277,531,30,19,16>The Penis Pokey Book. (A delightful picture book with a convenient place to poke your, ahem, thingy, through the pages to make the pictures of the loch ness monster, a hooked worm, a fireman's hose, etc. complete.)A t-shirt proclaiming "I love lite brite"A pin saying "Jesus is coming. Look busy." Another one simply saying "beef" (don't ask.)These were my purchases. Take from them what you will. But if you are in need of a quick gift, a costume, some fabulous vintage addition to your outfit, or just a big goofy grin on an otherwise glum day, Reminiscence is the place for you. It's packed to the brim with wonderful wonderful things. And not at kick you in the face NY prices either. word.
<review# 181,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2014,8/22/2014,116,188,5,15,7>This location is great! It is right next to the 23rd street train station, so its pretty convenient and on my way to work. The one downside, is this gym is located in the basement, so the phone reception is crappy and you can't see outside. Since looking out the window and being on your phone are gym distractions, the windowless environment could be conducive to working out. Like all of the blink locations I've been to, its clean: the locker rooms, showers, machines and floor area. I've haven't noticed any broken equipment.The staff is friendly. I don't use the blink trainers, but I have to admit there is one guy who looks like he knows his stuff. I usually go from 6-8 AM and its pretty dead.
<review# 182,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2014,8/21/2014,231,233,10,15,14>Yay! We have been walking past this place for a while, eagerly awaiting its opening. So exciting to have some healthy food on our block! (Instead of Chipotle, have a collard wrap?)We decided to stop in to check it out, since we had never been to any of the other locations. Zack was really friendly in greeting us, and gave us a grand tour of all of the offerings. He was hilarious and honest about how he usually survives on fast food, and had no idea that healthy food could taste so good. He joked that he is often taking "shots" at work, referring to the booster juice shots they sell. We theorized that it would be a great idea to have a shot happy hour. They have hot soups for $5, pressed juices, daily cleanse options, salads, wraps, various meal replacement "mylks," and yes, desserts! All vegan! The chocolate mousse (made of avocado base) is delicious. I was in lactose-intolerant heaven! The immaculate display of juices and vegan meals also articulated the benefit of each item (e.g., +energy, meal replacement, immunity, etc), which is definitely helpful if you're not sure about what you're looking for. They also offered delicious samples of smoothies to help us make our choices. Definitely a convenient grab-and-go place. It's not cheap, but the salad and wraps look like good portions, and you know exactly what you are putting into your body. As the big wooden plaque says above the display: "Take care of your body. It's the only place you have to live."I'll take a shot to that.
<review# 183,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2014,8/20/2014,581,422,5,13,9>I am pretty much am all about brunching in Tribeca on the weekends. I mean I'm kind of lazy and there are just so many amazing choices to choose from just down the street from where I live! Locanda Verde is a must for this weekend favorite meal. My bestie and her bf have been here before and they always wanted me to try brunch here. Finally, just this past Saturday, we were able to secure a coveted reservation and headed over after a late night on the town just a few hours earlier. The inside is simply beautiful. Jon and I totally fell in love with the decor here. Mirrors that reflect the natural light from the outside, cool lamps, and an awesome bar that was lit up on each shelf- AWESOME! There was also a really cool chalk board with the pastries and specials near the cafe area. Now onto the food... some of the portions could have been a little larger, but I have to admit, everything was super delicious. For the table, we started with the Sheep's Milk Ricotta with truffle honey and burnt orange toast- this was so amazing and was definitely a great way to start the meal. Kelly's been here before so she opted for trying something different from her previous visits, the 8 Hour Tripe and fried eggs. Jon is a pancake kinda guy so he had the Lemon Ricotta Pancakes with blueberries and meyer lemon curd. I'm not huge on pancakes but I can agree that this was simply heavenly. The Lemon citrus sauce really gave it the extra pow. Lastly, Kelly suggested I try the Uovo Modenese with cotechino hash, spinach and tomato hollandaise. Not only was this so pretty to look at on the plate, it was one of the best brunch dishes I've ever had. I love eggs and it had the perfect tomato and veggies amount to balance out the sausage. Although the bill add up quite easily here, if you are looking for an impressive brunch with amazing food and good service, I suggest you quickly make a reservation and enjoy the best weekend meal here.
<review# 184,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2014,8/19/2014,335,242,16,14,16>I came here completely on the power of Damian K.'s review: yelp.com/biz/third-avenu…And yes, the Triple Pork Burger is something special. The English muffin bun was the best executed English muffin bun I've every had. Usually it's a hard, sloppy, stale mess that's too small for the burger, chewy and gross.  This was perfection. The burger needed it. It desired it. It made love to it.... Okay, now I'm getting carried away. Since I really don't like beer (*gasp*) I always appreciate anything non-beer on the drink menu. And I lurve me some cider. I usually like a crisp Woodpecker & will make do with a Magner's. This was my first time having Angry Orchard. It's very sweet with a strong apple juice flavor, meaning not much of a kick, but it's a perfect foil to the Triple Pork. ::cue Brady Bunch:: Porkchops and Applesauce.  Back to the burger....Copy/Paste:Triple Pork Burger8 oz of grilled ground pork & chorizo, topped with bacon, served with adobo bbq sauceYes. Yes. Yes and yes. Comes with lettuce, red onions, tomato on the side. Go ahead and put something green on it to keep your cardiologist happy. You get the Adobo sauce on the top and the bottom for prime coverage. So much pork. So good. I paid the extra for the Garlic Sauteed Green Beans but to be honest, it didn't add anything to the meal. They weren't very garlicky or seasoned. But since the burger is such a good sized portion, do you really need to destroy yourself with sides?The service was prompt, friendly and properly attentive. I was seated in the front with the bar and the television screens so I was exposed to a couple of Bros shouting at the Yankees and the Knicks, respectively. But if you're looking to talk to your date, this is a good date spot, there's plenty of seating in the rear. Just ask. I was extremely pleased with my tribute to pork. I just hope that one day I suffer a head injury and wake up loving beer. It's such a waste to go thru life without beer. So much beer.
<review# 185,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2014,8/18/2014,294,271,7,10,10>Let's talk pickles.For someone who doesn't like salty food, I sure as hell love me some pickles. I think part of the allure is just all these fancy pants innovative ideas everybody's been coming up with these days. Cauliflower & curry? Fennel & Grapefruit? Pineapple and Habanero? Yeah I'll bite.As my friend Preeti B put it so nicely, there are some restaurants that serve as a great location for drinks + appetizers (drapps). I like to think of B&W as the place I come to hang with my 8 girlfriends, we get a lot of plates to share, get a couple of drinks and have a good time. A few of my favourite items from the drapps menu include the robiola (with orange honey and pistachios, such a winner that one) and the pickles. While at first look Boulton & Watt seems to lack vegetarian options.. if you're flexible you can really pile up enough items to fill that tummy of yours. The roasted cauliflower with raisins, the quinoa salad, the guac, if everything else fails. I wouldn't call B&W the mixology destination of 2014, but yeah they serve up some decent drinks, if you're in a bit of a creative mood. I liked the first word & the mexican revolver, and generously sipped from others and they were all 3-4 star drinks. If you want to get a little crazy, you can get picklebacks, something I insisted our group should try but no one was feeling adventurous enough!B&W gets pretty crowded and noisy as the hours run by.. but it's a nice spot to hang out, and they open up the large windows in the summer so that's an added bonus. Except can you tell me, why don't they have backrests on the seat? I'm not that young anymore.3.5 stars.
<review# 186,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2014,8/17/2014,530,902,10,10,14>Diners beware, you will leave here in a full on meat coma. I don't know how I stumbled upon The Cannibal - I think I typed in "dinner outside" in Flatiron and voila, it came up in my search and I am so glad that it did. I met up with one of my best friends for dinner here last night and we feasted. I arrived first and sat at the bar. They have a very extensive beer list and quite a few wines to choose from. I let the bartender choose for me because I found him entertaining (especially when he asked the other bartender if he peed when there was a wet spot on the floor). Once my friend arrived he ordered a beer and we sat outside. The seating is semi-communal and since we were a party of two we shared a table with four guys, no big deal. We wanted to maximize our meat sampling, so we decided to order a few smaller items instead of going with the apparently infamous half a pig's head (which I will be trying next time when we come back with more people). We started off with the ham plate, which was basically three different kinds of piggy! It was divine. I love ham. Next came the bone marrow, which kind of grossed me out because that is the part of the meat I avoid, but I did dip some bread in the juices after my friend ate all of the marrow and then finally came our delicious jalapeno sausage. Ummm... yum. This was the best sausage I have had in my entire existence. So good and I can't wait to try the other kinds. We also threw in some broccoli rabe for good measure, but it's not really worth mentioning because it is not meat and who cares. It was a vegetable and it tasted fine. The vibe here is very laid back and not like most places you find in the area considering Flatiron is basically full of pretentious people and wannabes trying to be cool. I would 1,000% come back here and would recommend to anyone who loves MEAT!I gained 2lbs today, but it was worth it.
<review# 187,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2014,8/16/2014,238,199,7,10,5>"Park yourself here at 5 pm...."I had a small gathering for birthday drinks here and it was the perfect spot for it.  Actually, this place is so cool, I don't really want you to go here.  People, drinks and tasty food. *Quality happy hour!  Not leftovers of old wine, rail liquor and stale beer.  We are talking about Old Fashioneds, Gimlets and 99 cent oysters!* Long Happy Hour -- til 8 pm!*Dark and cozy*Outstanding bar masters fix the drinks right each time.Good for small groups and unpretentious evenings.
<review# 188,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2014,8/15/2014,947,321,6,17,11>Prosperity Dumpling is about as good as it gets for cheap food in NYC. Usually you get cheap, or you get good, or some pseudo mixture of the two, but rarely does a place provide the best for the least.My standard order is 2 orders of fried dumplings (4 + 4), plus a sesame pancake. This is exactly $3. These fried pork+chive dumplings are just like my family makes from scratch in China -- very authentic. Not too greasy, perfectly fried and the right size. The sesame pancake is light and crisp on the outside, light and fluffy on the inside. You can even spend a few pennies more and get it stuffed with some meats and veggies.   There is always a line out the door, but don't fret as they are very quick. The constant and predictable hoards of hungry patrons ensure constant and predictable cooking of dumplings. It's just like how Two Bros always has pizza right out of the oven because they always have customers.If you follow my reviews, you know I am a nut for good value, and Prosperity Dumpling is the leader of the pack when it comes to bang-for-the-buck. Fill your belly for $3 and go home happy after visiting one of NYC's best.Extra points if you grab the $9 bag of 50 frozen dumplings to make at home.
<review# 189,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2014,8/14/2014,456,138,5,13,13>First things first, make a reservation!  It took me about 3 weeks to get a reservation for 2 of my girlfriends on a Friday night at 9:00pm, but the wait was well worth it.  An unlikely gem near Union Square, you would never expect the Spanish tapas here to be so good! Created by 3-Michelin-star Babbo alums, I expected something delicious and positively impressive.  Without fail, I found myself feeling that exact emotion that at the end of my meal.The server suggested that we order about 5 to 6 plates to share among the 3 of us.  The sizes of the tapas vary from small on the left side of the menu to larger on the right side of the menu.Bacalao Croquetas: 3 croquetas were served atop an orange aioli.  The croquetas are a rendition of salted cod fish sticks that look similar to mozzarella sticks.  I didn't think they were amazing, but not bad either.Scallops with Chilled Celery Broth and Miso Bloody Mary Salsa:  This dish could've been butchered horribly or perform leaps and bounds above my expectations.  I'm wary about ordering scallops after having a few underwhelming experiences, but this dish certainly blew me away.  The scallops were laid in a delicious broth and my knife cut through them without any resistance at all.  The salsa was the perfect combination with the delicious scallops.  I found myself reluctantly letting go of this dish because of how well the salsa and broth paired with the complementary bread.Razor Clams a la Plancha: 3 layers of razor clams laid flat and drizzled in a generous concoction of oily garlic and parsley.  This is a MUST.  The razor clams were tender and flavorful.  This plate was definitely a highlight of the meal and one of my favorite dishes here. Again, use the complementary bread to soak up these juices for a perfect side.Skirt Steak with Romesco and Onion Mermelada:  This was my favorite dish of the night. The flavors were explosive and the rare steak was so tender and juicy. The sweetness of the onion mermelada atop the steak accompanied the savory flavors of the protein well. Black Sea Bass:  I didn't get a chance to try much of this as this was the only dish my friend could eat given that she had to take her wisdom teeth out.  The gazpacho the sea bass sat in was really flavorful and I got to steal a few of the cucumbers pieces, which were perfectly pickled.  She had only positive things to say about the black sea bass.Arroz con Leche: I'm not a huge fan of rice pudding, but this was addictively tasty.  And, I can never say no to gelato, which sat atop the rice pudding.  Steer clear of the lemon peels though, they're super bitter! (Unless that's your thing, then by all means, beeline for it)I have yet to try so many other items on the menu that I'll definitely have to return for a second round.  Hopefully, I'll be able to get a seat at a table near the windows where it's less cramped and there's less moving traffic around me.
<review# 190,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2014,8/13/2014,379,192,28,26,26>I'm not especially Christian. Nor am I a good person. And my past reviews with their paragraphs of implied debauchery could each serve as their own first class ticket to Satan's lap. If I believed in any of the Old or New Testament, I would say that after I die, you will find me plopped upon his knee postmortem, stabbing myself with a crucifix. But instead I can tell you that you can find me here, and surprisingly often, and all of this even while I am still very much alive. Shocking? Yes. In New York we all seek sanctuary in places that shield us from the chaos and manic energy and noises that we call home. These places are called 'bars'. But sometimes you need a little more! Like, an actual sanctuary. I make a habit of parking myself in a pew during any given non-Sunday, usually for no more than thirty minutes at a time. When I leave, I feel refreshed. Not for any religious reason, but because I was able to think clearly without my brainwaves being intercepted ten billion times by anything and everything whirling around. It's a huge beautiful space, quiet, clean, free, and almost always empty. I don't know another place in downtown Manhattan where you can find that.And if you decide to turn my secret thinking place into your secret thinking place as well? Turn your cell phone off. Thanks :)
<review# 191,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2005,11/17/2005,11,61,1,3,2>THIS is why we don't use citysearch anymore. None of their reviewers have a clue as to why this place is such a gem. Although, their site did tell me Gino's address, which was useful in adding the restaurant to Yelp :) But allow me to describe the restaurant in question. On a Sunday night when the usuals are headed back from the Hamptons, it's UNusually empty (meaning you can actually get a seat). No reservations. No credit  cards. No wonder this place was Sinatra's favorite. Just like your Italian grandfather's kitchen. I highly recommend Gino's to anyone who doesn't need frills, just authentic Italian deliciousness with real (!!) New York ambiance.
<review# 192,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2005,11/16/2005,110,155,2,1,3>Few markets are closer to my heart, or to my former residence, than this one. A joy, A JOY- arrive with patience, it is always crowded, and it is big too, (try taking the packed elevator to the 2nd "organics" floor), their large, helpful, and amusing signs instructing on the origins of their organic beef (new zealand), or, above the checkout lines, on why you should appreciate your current life because life in the 15th century was significantly worse. i had pondered this before, but was glad to be reminded. additionally, that this is the BEST value for price of fresh groceries that i found in new york- probalby a quarter of what equivalent items would cost at that massive whole foods on central park 1 (happens to be the most expensive in the country). i have never been to the famed harlem store, though i've heard it features a walk-in freezer, as well as down jackets for customers' use.  i might just add that this is not a bad place to meet someone you havent see for a while... theres something decidedly sexy about that flourescent light flickering over the ripe peaches and flowers in the dimming evening light. and its not the fresh fruit that makes your heart skip a beat.
<review# 193,isUSA=TRUE,1.0,7/19/2005,11/15/2005,176,602,6,8,4>I'm sorry Food Network - for some reason one of your star chef's latest restaurant has some problems in the kitchen. Let's see, start out with a corked bottle of wine (ok could be forgivable), then a starter comes out completely cold (and meant to be hot), a dish that never arrives, French Fries with entree (again hot item that arrives COLD), and a lot of rushing the diners to "order everything upfront so that it arrives in the right stages" - gee - I thought that was their responsibility to manage, not ours! The menu didn't make a lot of sense, and the flavors were muddied with overly sweet, overly hot (spicy) ingredients that never balanced and basically failed.Totally unimpressive and I'm sure the tourists will love it.
<review# 194,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2005,11/14/2005,40,121,1,1,1>For the love of all things holy... they're open 24 hours and at a major bus stop/subway corner (M101, M86, 4/5/6, etc...).  There's no reason to go to the donut place next door.  They make bagels and bread on premises all night long and will always be able to find something warm to put your sandwich on.  Liza would walk here from Palo Alto if she knew how good the challah was. (though the bread tends to be slightly better at the 2nd ave location a few blocks east.  And on Rosh Hashanah, the challah is HUGE and round.  Weeeeee.
<review# 195,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2005,11/13/2005,15,16,1,1,1>This boutique is for females who love to look fly. I picked up 2 t-shirts for $20 (One was a picture of Angela Davis and another a pic with a slogan saying " happy to be nappy", that's me!) and a $20 brown jeans skirt from there. The designer is a very nice young lady with a great personality. I actually have met her and even have a picture of her in my profile. I love her clothes and plan on shopping there in december for winter wear. P.S. I am sure they have a few t-shirts for guys too, we can't leave them out.
<review# 196,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2005,11/11/2005,31,53,4,6,4>Walking into decibel is like walking into a kung fu movie.  As if at any moment, the gorgeous, kimonoed waitresses may whip out katana and garnish your lychee martini with the limbs of an unruly customer.Not unlike the film genre, Decibel ranges from brain-crushingly awful to suprisingly great.  Sometimes, by which I mean on weekdays, the service is friendly, you can sit immediately and enjoy a great bottle of sake or too many lychee martinis with edamame and shrimp dumplings and have a cozy, unique, impress-the-guests with your manhattan prowess or magical-first-date kind of night.Other times, by which I mean on weekends, they practically pat you down on your way in, if you're wiling to wait behind the entry rope for a table and then remind you half a dozen times about the $8/person minimum, get your drink orders wrong, argue with you about it and chase you out the door demanding a larger tip and threatening not to let you in again.  So much potential, so often wasted.  When it's great, there's nothing like it: a dark little basement sake bar with more ambiance than you can swallow and lychee martinis I still dream about.  But when it's bad, it's an extremely expensive mistake.
<review# 197,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2005,11/10/2005,41,273,,2,2>An outdoor bar right in the middle of Union Square!  I liked it so much, I went twice on my visit to NY.  Lovely place at night with christmas lights in the trees all around the bar, and wonderful people-watching during the day.
<review# 198,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/7/2005,11/9/2005,298,196,2,1,1>Over priced, but they have a monopoly. Think of it as the gas to get you around SoHo. Sample with indulgence. Why is something like rice pudding so great? Because the flavors are: cinnamon sling, man made mascarpone, stubborn banana wi toasted coconuts, etc.
<review# 199,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2005,11/8/2005,34,77,,3,1>Charles Trywhitt has beautiful English formal shirts (french cuff etc)  Unfortunately, New York is their only stateside location at the moment. My husband found some great shirts including some great looking non-iron french cuffs. The staff was extremely helpful with alterations and shippping to California.  Nice selection of women's shirts as well!
<review# 200,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2005,11/7/2005,23,102,1,4,1>Marquet Patisserie has an amazing lunch and brunch menu. Nestled on the more milder side of East 12th  this restuarant serves soups, salads, eggs, apple pancakes, tarts, chicken breast, coffee, sandwiches,  mustard sauces and so much more I just won't waste your time with the details. One of my favorite brunch spots in the city for its cozy vibe and intimate setting.Plus, the yellow walls really shine on a Sunday morning through the restuarants large back windows. It's worth seeing, eating and going to Marquet.
<review# 201,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2010,12/3/2010,143,144,36,15,21>Little known fact: Sanpanino actually stands for "St. Panini", the patron saint of sandwiches. Really! It's true! Every time you go here, you should call your grandmother, tell her you went to church, and though she will still think you're a dirty little slut for living with your boyfriend in sin, she'll at least think you're repenting. Not that I would know anything about that. Focaccia, communion, tomayto, tomahto.Ooh, and speaking of tomatoes, this stuff is fresh! From the roasted peppers to the mozzarella to the incredible bread to the mouthwateringly flavorful balsamic vinegar, quality is what makes this one of the best sandwiches I've ever tasted. Seating is limited, but if you want to have a perfect New York moment, grab a Sanclassico, a lemonade, and take it down to the Hudson River park, just a quick walk away. Sanpanino, I bless you, Il nomine patris, et filii, et spiritus sancti . . . I'm so going to hell.
<review# 202,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2010,12/2/2010,281,281,28,33,30>While I appreciate the diversity it surprises me that in Brooklyn, which has a large African American population, there is a dearth of good soul food spots. I mean I love jerk chicken  as much as the next guy but what's a brotha gotta do to get some smothered pork chops ?In the past it meant crashing predominately black churches luncheons.Reverend: Brother James have you finally found the Lord ?Me:  Is he here? I just found the turkey wings and greens. I'll keep an eye out.Strangely my humor wasn't appreciated.Thankfully Fosters makes excellent, reasonably priced soul food. The smothered pork chops I raved about when it was called Ruthie's is still fantastic. Other standouts are the fried whiting ( nicely seasoned and not overly breaded), the smothered turkey wings (not available everyday) and the sides. The mac & cheese deserves mention because it one of the best I've had outside of my family or black churches. I prefer a solid, cheesy baked mac & cheese as opposed to the more liquid-y kind and Fosters delivers.The sweet tea was also perfect, probably the best I've had outside of NOLA. I had the fried chicken once a while ago and thought it was just okay. It may have been an off day since it seems to be the most popular order the times I've eaten here. The portion sizes are huge considering dinners range from low to mid-teens. Lunch is always a good price to portion ratio and is less crowded.The dining space is clean and nicely decorated but small. I'd guess they can maybe seat 12-14 people max. Come solo or as a couple, a group would be hard at dinner (easier at lunch time).In addition to bringing southern food they bring southern hospitality too. From inquiring about regular customer's families to welcoming newcomers, to politely handling rude diners, the ladies here are wonderful. It's not perfect but the price, quality and friendliness makes Fosters one of my favorite places to eat.** Currently no credit cards and closed Sunday & Monday **...To clear any confusion, Fosters is the same restaurant as Ruthie's (yelp.com/biz/ruthies-res…). The matriarch passed away and they changed the name. The family still runs it and the food is still the same.
<review# 203,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2010,12/1/2010,51,82,8,21,16>I first went to Yasuda when visiting New York at the end of 2008, fresh from a trip to Japan it evoked memories of eating breakfast at Tsukiji, long wooden counters, consummate skill and incredible quality. For the next eighteen months I was lost in an Uni wonderland, the love affair that started that night, still consumes me this very day. Last night I made a long awaited return. As a first date venue it can be a little intimidating and I immediately wondered if I had made the right choice, but the warm reception from our counter chef and occasional but not imposing banter, soon allayed those fears. We decided against the Omakase, I have had it before but like the freedom and flow of the meal when ordering piece by piece. For me the jewel of the crown was undoubtedly the Uni, rather than have this straight away we had a few palate warmers, Monkfish liver and Japanese pickles. The liver was served as three slivers, in a Yuzu and Daikon dressing, it was creamy but my date loved it more than I, so we swapped and I devoured the pickles, my number one vice.Next was the Sushi, for which we regularly turned to our chef for advice, and ate in pairs:Yellow tail - Mild and sweetFatty tuna - Warm and deep in colourUni - Alaskan and Mayne - The Alaskan was beautiful, brighter in colour than the Mayne and incredibly sweet Oyster and Japanese Mackeral - The Oyster was creamy, soft and incredibly fresh, melting upon the tongue. The Mackeral was clean and sweet defying the oily nature of the Mackeral family Hamachi - Farmed and wild, one variety was known as the bully fish due to its size Sea Scallop - Delicious, lightly dusted with sea salt, my date had the cheek to tell the chef that she found it a little salty and could without the salt, he took it well Toro roll - The finest roll I have had the pleasure of eating, diced fatty tuna, surrounded by a rare high quality seaweed that is only available by auction, simply divine, a must haveThe size of each piece is perfect, according to the website, Yasuda assesses the size of one's mouth to ensure the size will be just right. The ratio of fish to rice is also delicately measured, the thin sliver of fish complimenting the small bundle of rice.  What is immediately apparent is the quality of the rice, warm and fluffy, the balance of salt, sugar and vinegar in perfect harmony. I won't rehash what has been clearly articulated many times before but it is due to the types of rice, sea salt and brown vinegar that they use. The brown vinegar is naturally sweeter and softer in flavour than the white counterpart allowing them to use less sugar. I once watched a cooking show where the chef defined the perfect risotto as one where each grain of rice retained its sense of individuality, a little wanky but I loved that line and preceded to make it my own and the defining virtue by which I made risotto. Now I feel that in Yasuda it has a more worthy recipient and in my mind I play out scenes where Yasuda is a general, surveying a battlefield with millions of grains of rice, each with its own clear set of instructions, such is the mastery that they have over their rice.  Believe the hype, make a reservation and let yourself go.Billing notes:At around $5 per piece it can add up but the sake is reasonably priced, expect to pay around $100 per head.Important notes:-Counter service bookings are for 90 minutes only, be sure to specify that you would like to sit at the counter when making the booking-If possible get a counter booking with Yasuda himself, or the funny and factual old guy right at the end-Counter bookings are only kept for 10 minutes so don't be late-The Shoyu(soy sauce) is a trap, use it without instruction and be shunned for the rest of the night, likewise the wasabi-Likewise the pickled ginger isn't a party snack, eat sparingly and only when you really need to cleanse your palate-When the sushi is placed on the wood board do not get lost in idle conversation and delay eating, the rice will go cold and harden and the chef will sigh and shake his head-Lastly for the feminists out there, do not ask why there are no women working behind the sushi counter, I wisely stayed out of that conversation
<review# 204,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2010,11/30/2010,2672,175,12,31,24>Manny, the head masseuse at The Setai, has magic healing hands! This review for The Setai Spa is long overdue. I've visited several times and after much consideration, this is officially my favorite spa in NYC. It's a luxurious experience from start to finish. You exit the elevator on the third floor and are greeted by a peaceful, candle-lit hallway. To your left is the front desk. The friendly staff will then wisk you away to where there's a lavishly designed jacuzzi, steam room, and sauna as well as lockers, robes, and slippers; everything you would expect from your typical high-end spa experience. If there's time before and/or after your massage or treatment, you can enjoy the amenities. Alternatively, you can choose to wait for your therapist in The Setai Spa's tranquil tea room. They usually offer you some champagne and there are truffle chocolates, nuts, and cookies/crackers to snack on while you wait.I highly recommend requesting Manny, whom I mentioned above. Once in his capable hands, you will feel all of your pains and stresses melt away. I have lots of trouble with my back and neck as I used to be a professional wrestler, which I now compare to earning a living as a human crash test dummy. I ended up with a very bad injury which required me to have to get a two-level fusion neck surgery. My back and neck have felt a lot better since my operation but unfortunately, whenever I travel on long flights, it ends up aggravating my old injury. Recently, I've been going back and forth to visit my friends and family in California a lot and it's been taking a toll on me. As a result I was left with no other choice but to pay Manny another visit. It's expensive but it is worth it. He's my equivalent of visiting a doctor because he's the only one that can fix me up so that I can live to fight another day. While he's stretching and kneading the kinks out of me, I can feel and hear my joints slip back to where they are supposed to be. His technique is a less invasive approach to visiting a chiropractor. I wouldn't describe it to be anything like the jarring and cracking of an adjustment but more so like a gentle nudge to put everything in its rightful spot. I was advised not to see chiropractors after my injury but I've entrusted my spine to Manny and he's never done me any wrong. I cannot say enough nice things about him. Go pay him a visit when you have a chance, take a deep breath, relax, and enjoy.
<review# 205,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2010,11/29/2010,142,338,5,15,14>A line of taxi cabs forms a fortress in front of New Ivoire, a line that stretches down the block and gets even larger as day turns to night and midnight hungers need to be fixed. This 24-hour joint is obviously popular with the West African cab drivers in the city, and I would definitely rather see them sitting here having friendly conversations instead of avoiding them on the street while biking.They sat around large tables alternating their attention between the food, the rambunctious conversations, and the soccer channel on television. The owner would sit with them at times, giving the place a very friendly local feel. As newcomers we did not stand out at all though, even if my spotty French was not quite enough at times to describe what I wanted.At lunch, the restaurant has a rotating menu of three or more items, different on each day. The following two items were available on Mondays. The sauce arachide ($10) was very similar to other West African mafes, but had a more subtle approach to its peanut sauce, allowing other flavors to surface and creating a splendid soup for its beef. Served with a heaping plate of rice, the dish is definitely more than necessary for lunch.Another choice for the sides was a plate of yuca that appeared in couscous form. The owner recommended it with the second dish, the sauce Claire dindon ($10), and was spot on. It's a soup with turkey and tomato, but spiced with pepper and very oily. Both dishes brought back great West African memories with a small colorful pepper in the center.I also grabbed what appeared to be a homemade lemonade ($2), and expected it to be infused with something sickeningly sweet like vanilla. What I found though was in addition to this insulting sweetness a strong burning ginger was in there, which I could not finish despite the great taste.
<review# 206,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2010,11/27/2010,327,345,15,11,11>Um, well, yes, I, uh...There are no words. How do you find one adjective that tells everyone how you feel about tacos unlike anything you have ever tasted? You can't. You can't find one because not one single word exists for something so simple and savory, that magical taco-making elves are probably in the kitchen constructing and grilling and seasoning your tacos while you wait there salivating like a rabid dog.Sometimes I sit at work and all I can think about are these damn all consuming tacos. They are making me unproductive and my biggest concern is losing my job - and I'm not worried about having money for rent, I need to have the money for tacos. I will live on the street and eat these tacos and that will suffice as a lifestyle. I will sacrifice all for the small corn tortillas and perfectly roasted shrimp alongside the gorditas that will change your life. You want me to wait an hour for delivery? You want me to wait 45 minutes for a table? That is not a problem. I will sit here quietly and envision the tacos arriving in front of me and devouring every single last flavorful bean. That image will keep me warm until I get the real thing. It's an obsession so great I have eaten there at least twice a week and usually more since I discovered this tiny taqueria three weeks ago. So, um, yeah. There are no words.
<review# 207,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2010,11/26/2010,3042,746,9,12,13>LOVE IT!(funny story)So I have a friend in town visiting who loves to try new food, and always likes the "higher end" places.  I was introducing my friend to another friend here in NY who works with startup companies thinking that they might be able to do business together.  I went onto the Yelp mobile app and searched for $$$$/$$$ in the West Village and came up with this place: yelp.com/biz/antica-vene… which looked interesting enough to take him to (he likes Italian). I call the maitre'd and ask him if my friend would enjoy coming there and if I needed a reservation. He said to come by whenever we are ready.We're walking up the west side highway, and the two friends are talking to each other about business, travels, life etc and I see the beautiful decor etc and assume that because I searched $$$$/$$$ and there are not too many restaurants on this street that this must be the place. Not even looking for a sign that says Antica, I walk into Perry Street with the two chatty friends in tow certain that this is Antica (I think it was a Friday night btw) the woman at the front asks if we have a reservation and I tell her that we called and the nice guy on the phone told us to come in and I gave him my name.  She looks down at her brightly lit screen and replies, I have no reservation here under that name.  I thought it was strange that there was "no room" and the entire place was empty.  The woman comments on how they get VERY full soon and that she may not be able to accommodate us.  Ten minutes later we are seated at a table and enjoying our first round of drinks/appetizers.I was very impressed with the menu options and thought it was odd that an Italian restaurant would have such items, but the decor was amazing, the food looked incredible, and I was happy to be out of the chilly wind and rain.More drinks, sake... ( at no point did it occurred to me that an Italian restaurant would never have sake, hind sight tends to be 20/20).So the waiter spills my friends calamari all over him (as though we are part of a Seinfeld episode) the people next to us seem to be enjoying every course of their "Italian Meal" so I ask them which was their favorite course so far and if they were enjoying it.  They said "eh" and both lit up and raved about the crusted tuna appetizer.  We had considered doing a tasting, but after their suggestion, we decided to pass.  My friend then spills and entire glass of sake all over himself (yep, right on his pants) because our table is so small it's hard not to knock over a skinny tall champagne glass full of sake (hey seriously not a good idea to have such towering glasses if the table is full and you have too many people at it), but can't complain too, they did seat us without a reservation on a Friday night.  Oh and I ordered the filtered sake but they brought unfiltered.Right... so now you're noticing the great star rating and the restaurant's mistakes (1. spilled calamari all over my friends suit, 2. wrong sake, 3. reaaaally small table for three people, 4. less than rave reviews on their tasting menu)So we move onto our food.  One of my friends leaves to go to another dinner, and we continue on with our meal.   I had a sashimi appetizer that was pretty good (small portion, minimal flavor, I hope the fish was flown in from Japan, that would merit it's price tag), the Tuna was BY FAR the best item we had all night.  Then we move on to the main course.  I ordered the skirt steak, again another rare thing to see on an Italian menu, only the skirt steak arrives and it looks like two pieces of filet mignon.  For the most part I've never seen a skirt steak cut that thick.  Yea, you're going to say - I bet it was "tough" well it was. Skirt steak is a mouthful in the first place, but sawing through a thick piece is even tougher. The flavor was good but when you feel like you're chewing on a rubber band and you can't get your teeth to break through, you have to wonder what the chef was thinking when he cut it that way. So, what do I do? Well I want to feel helpful to this nice Italian establishment, and I mention to the waitress when she asked "how was your food" that I found it interesting that the chef chose to cut the steak this way. That it was too tough and he should consider slicing it different. She mentioned that there is filet on the menu, but they ran out and reprinted the menus (yes all of the menus the same day) impressive I know. I thought it was incredible for the Italian place to care this much about proper serving and details with coordinated butler style service. Little did I know that  I was telling Jean George how to cut his steak. My god - the nerve. *laughs*GREAT decor, delicious food, and lovely things to wet your pants. I'd give them 5 stars but the calamari spill, the sake mix up, and the really tough beef  should have some impact.Date Rating: 10Pick up Scale: 3 Strong Suggestion: REAL RESERVATIONS
<review# 208,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2010,11/25/2010,851,191,7,12,8>I heart Faustina. And I hate it when people 'heart' anything. But my dinner at Faustina was GREAT. And so I heart the place.Even though we booked a table, we ended up having a great meal at the bar. At a very good looking bar.The staff is very friendly, knowledgeable and attentive. Mr. Conant is there making his rounds, making sure everything is going well - very nice. We had the prosciutto San Daniele, pecorino and the focacchia - very tasty, small portions but very rich. Then we had the lobster susci, lardo wrapped prawns and the balsamic glazed pork spare ribs. I loved the ribs - definitely my favorite out of the three. We then had the spaghetti with octopus ragu and mushroom ravioli while picking on the side of truffled cabbage. The ravioli dish was surreal - I am not huge on pasta but will eat ravioli and these were amazing. I loved his duck foie gras ravioli at Scarpetta but these were light and earthy and full of flavor putting them right up there with the ones from 14. I cannot wait to have them again. I surprised myself for not loving the truffled cabbage but my boyfriend loved it so it's all good. I had three cosmos and was ready to get some air so we skipped dessert and walked out into the cold streets - back with the mortals... ... and cabbed it to Le Crepe on Spring, ha!. Highly recommended...
<review# 209,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2010,11/24/2010,523,791,15,26,23>I'm such a LOSER!I've been Living in NYC for over 15 years and never, EVER heard about this place until my Infamous friend Chunster and Rachella invited me for a nice COCKtail on a Saturday night.I couldn't find it thru Google map, but thanks to YELP I found the exact address with pictures of how this place kinda looks like.Next to Petite Abeille and no sings of the Place at all, just have to find the Door number.  Once you find it, you have to Buzz in and someone opens the door and ask if you had RSVP or if you know someone.  So basically it's kinda VIP / hidden Bar and either only regulars go in or you're not allow to go inside.Very dimmed lights and plenty of comfy seats.  Chunster is a regular @ this bar that he RSVP for a table, and I was HONORED to be able to join and experience this type of lifestyle.  Waitress handed us a menu and also to demonstrate if we need to call for assistance, there's a small handle to pull, a Button that will light up and waitress will come right to you.  CLASSY!little bit of music play in the background, a nice  selection of cocktails at a reasonable price (compare to Angel's share and Apotheke, it's a tad cheaper).  The mini kitchen is all the way on the back and also have extra space for people to hang out there and watch the bartender how they mix and prepare for each individual Drinks.  Strong drinks with a nice ambiance is a good combination to enjoy a night in the city. After a drink i have decided to check out the restroom (Ahem....YES, I had to go check it out). And as per your reviewers, I Looked at the wall papers, if they didn't say anything about wallpapers, I wouldn't have pay attention at all!.  Awesome artwork of different icons of "erotic positions" that you can get turn on inside the bathroom.  but WAIT... The wallpapers in the lounge does also HAVE THEM (but it's too dark to be able to notice it).Damn you why aren't you in downtown, I have to drag myself and take the train JUST to drink you!.PS...I heard they have a backyard too? I can't wait for summer to come!
<review# 210,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2010,11/23/2010,2396,639,60,21,29>I was with my mom looking for the desserttruck.  We searched from the car.  Finally I found it.  I got creme brulee and chocolate bread pudding.  She asks in disbelief whether I just paid $6 for some pudding.Its not pudding.  Its Creme Brulee...and some good Creme Brulee at that.  I told her there was bacon in the chocolate pudding.  I will take the other one then, she remarked.So, I was like, this chick just deaded me on my creme brulee, after telling me she wanted pudding.But she's my mom, and well when I was little I once actually got kidnapped and she located and found me.  Like I couldn't not give her the creme brulee.So she ate the creme brulee and loved it.Now she needs help.  She is addicted to creme brulee from the desserttruck.  She calls me about it.  She texts.  Creme Brulee from the desserttruck got my mom to learn to text when i stopped answering calls. I am not sure what to do now.  Thank god she doesn't know exactly where the truck is.  Im scared that she will be inspired to join yelp and then possibly friend me on facebook or something.  Then she found out the store is near her house.  I fear she is spending her meager income on this stuff.  I pray it does not destroy our family.  I am not sure what to do.  Join a group perhaps.  If she sells the TV, I will take a flame to that place.I started this review with the best intentions, but thanks to the desserttruck I realize that I have to keep my mother ignorant.  To save her.  Now she is texting.  Eating Creme Brulee.What the hell is this world coming to.Boycott the desserttruck.  Save your family.  Do not take your parents there.  Say NO to Creme Brulee!Deserttruck, I hate you.  You and your creme brulee eating women.  I walked by one earlier this week, looked her in her eyes, shook my head and said "I guess that's how you were raised."
<review# 211,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2014,9/11/2014,181,137,35,30,36>I just got ENGAGED and could not be more excited! With that comes a new last name, and mine is going to be a Vietnamese name :) Over the past 2 years of dating my fiancé, I have tried to impress him by learning a few Vietnamese sayings, doing the dishes at his parents house, and lastly and with such ease, falling in love with Vietnamese food. And believe me when I say - this man is the one PHO me!!!!Being from LA, I am used to 9021PHO, Pho City, and many more pho places on every other corner. But in New York, I have found that good Pho is tough to come by. Until we found Saigon Shack. At first we went for the Pho but now I find myself unable to pick between Pho or a Banh Mi. They are both amazing and taste very authentic! I love their veggie pho and banh mi as they use a seasoned soy tofu instead of a steamed/fried tofu. And my fiancé loves their vermincelli, pork banh mi and meaty phos.My only dig is their pop music. Its just funny to me. And I wish they were closer to me, come on UWS, diversify!!! Cash only, but its only $10 for a sandwich or soup. I'm getting marrrrried!!!
<review# 212,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2014,9/10/2014,34,437,19,15,11>Look in thy glass and tell the face thou viewestNow is the time that face should form another;Whose fresh repair if now thou not renewest,Thou dost beguile the world, unbless some mother...wait wait wait.... perhaps not all of Shakespeare's love sonnets apply to true love... the love of donuts. The donuts are pricey, yes. The donuts are smaller, yes. But actually, I like them smaller. Its actually better that way. Trust me. Why? Because theyre so perfect, any larger would just be too decadent! The coffee is quite good as well. But to place the cherry on top, its the loyalty donut card. Yeah, buy a zillion donuts, get one free isn't a huge fiscal gift. But its a nice touch. I do value these nice things!BUT WHY ISNT THERE A TOILET!?!?
<review# 213,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2014,9/9/2014,1356,271,4,11,11>Elegant Chinese food place. They even have a coat check! What a cool feature. Other restaurants should take note. We were greeted by a host in a suit with a leather reservation book at his desk. Despite the fact that we were an hour early for our reservation for 4, they were happy to accommodate us. The COO in our midst was pleased that he could check his luggage since the tables themselves are quite small.Before we even ordered, there were green beans and noodles delivered to the table (presumably complimentary) and portioned onto the smaller top of two plates stacked on top of each other. We ordered a bottle of red and a bottle of white which were expertly served by one of our many waiters. At some point the manager came by to tell us that every server is here to accommodate us, so if we need anything we should simply ask. Everyone was suuper friendly. We started with an order of vegetable dumplings and the dumpling sampler (shrimp, chicken, etc). Each dumpling appetizer had six per order. Being that I was a vegetarian, the restaurant served each of us a mixed plate with, of course, only vegetable on mine. They were steamed and soft, but didn't fall apart when lifted off the plates with chopsticks. The dumpling sauce was yummy, but a bit watery. I liked the fact that the table setting included both chopsticks and forks. No presumption or shame either way.My dinner order was the vegetable ratatouille. Big chunks of tomato and broccoli and onion over thin pasta strands. Yum. We ordered a side of spicy broccoli for the table and that was really delicious. We left so stuffed that we needed a walk afterwards. Extra opportunity to talk with the COO. Thanks, Chin Chin!
<review# 214,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2014,9/8/2014,327,345,11,13,15>Ugh, you guys. Why do I love all the speakeasies, all the time? It's like a weird addiction. Whatever. So I went here with a friend after work. We both live nearby and we thought we might try it. I figured we flat out wouldn't get in, because...you know...speakeasy and all that jazz. There were definitely four to five other people milling about outside since we were about 10 minutes early before they opened for the night. This isn't my first rodeo. I will say I have never been to the original location, so I don't have much to compare it to, but I was pumped up anyway. I LOVE LOVE LOVE Sasha Petraske, so how could this possibly be bad? My friend and I were greeted by the friendly host and seated right away at one of their tables up front. Perfecto. As is the Milk & Honey tradition, we were not given menus, only asked what sort of cocktails we love most. I went with my classic "Ahhhh, I love Old Fashioneds, a little sweet, cardamon, clove, cinnamon flavors...yeah". The mixologist had no problem at all creating something I loved, which is no shock to anyone that has ever been mixed a drink by one of Sasha's mixologists. That guy doesn't mess around with his staff. My friend loved her drink, too. We sipped on a few more, each time the mixologist changed up our drinks slightly which kept it fresh and interesting, and our waiter would explain all the ingredients in detail and how it was crafted. So I loved it so much I went back a second time, which comes as no shock to any of you. This time with the same friend. She's so fun. We sat at the bar this time and had no problem getting a seat. She was considering it for a private party so we looked around the back room which is super cozy and great. Our drinks this time were just as good as the first time, and completely different, which I love. I went back a third time for my aforementioned friend's birthday party. She had rented out the back for cocktails and small bites. What a pleasure. They did have menus this time, but with the basis for all their cocktails. You could order off the menu, or have them craft you a personalized cocktail. Shockingly, it didn't take forever for your drink to arrive, either, which was awesome. The staff was so friendly and nice. Everything we asked them for, they provided. We brought in our own cupcakes, which they happily served on platters. The food was very simple, but very tasty. Actually, really smart drinking food. Miniature sandwiches with prosciutto and brie, and others with apple, honey and brie. There were also salmon deviled eggs and a bruschetta, but those sandwiches were pretty good. Nothing too special, but good little bites to help soak up all that bourbon.Smart bar bites and amaze cocktails are completely my jam, so now I'm coming up with reasons to throw my own party there ASAP. It's so good. I have to go back again and again. The struggle is real.
<review# 215,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2014,9/7/2014,323,343,8,13,10>Honestly, I can't say anything more about this place that hasn't already been said. The staff really is super attentive and they make huge efforts to make you feel special. I came with Brian M. in the middle of a snow storm and wore rain boots on the walk there and had to change into heels in the restaurant's foyer. Thank you EMP hostess for not making fun of me or making me feel like a total moron. They kept wishing us a happy anniversary the whole night and I swear they must have googled Brian because they remember he worked in the same building as EMP. We've both been to our fair share of Michelin restaurants in NYC and EMP is definitely in the top three. The amount of work the staff puts into explaining the dishes and the time they take to lay out the silverware in between each new dish is extraordinary. I accidentally moved my fork and someone immediately came over to put it back into its proper place. I kid you not! This may all sound super uppity, but the earnestness of the staff makes it feel completely casual in a way. I never once felt uncomfortable even though I'm sure I was sitting close to some crazy high roller on a date who kept ordering bottle after bottle of wine. At the end of the night, they gave us Mast Brothers chocolate covered pretzels to take home. I devoured mine right away and attempted to steal Brian M.'s as well. Before we left, our waiter came by with a box full of the chocolate covered pretzels for us to take home. Amazing! I put those bad boys in the freezer when I got home and had one before bed with a glass of milk and dreamed sweet dreams of the 14-course menu.
<review# 216,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2014,9/6/2014,224,218,8,13,12>Better late late than never, I always always say. It took about a year from the time The National Underground shuttered their doors, to the time The Late Late opened theirs. But the Centre-fuge projects, Bridgette Bardot mural finally came down last week, to make way for the LES' newest nightlife addition.The Late Late, is an Irish themed bar named after the talk show of the same name. But don't expect gaudy shamrocks, grinning leprechauns or a pot of gold in the bathroom (I checked), this place looks like it could be Craig Ferguson's, grandmothers, living room. From the rustic, wooden entryway, adorned with a lions head knocker, to the wallpaper lined interior, it feels far more like a home than a bar.They are supposed to have some traditional Irish tapas at some point, but for now it was just alcohol. They had a whiskey ginger drink that they make sound much more interesting than it is; it tasted like any other whiskey & ginger ale. But at $7, I figured that it was a better deal than their cheapest beer- Coors original for $5. Really?! I know it's the "Banquet Beer," but c'mon...The staff was super nice and attentive. The decor is as comforting as it is eclectic. They're hoping to have some poetry nights at some point; Im hoping that with the guitarist from Florence & the Machine as a shareholder (keeping up with the musician-themed ownership) that they might still do some live music here too, even though they did away with the stage. Either way, this place is above and beyond (not to say that's hard to do) its predecessor.
<review# 217,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2014,9/5/2014,577,529,8,15,14>This used to be a Starbucks, which is now re-opened in a larger space across the street. I like that Gregory's had the balls to open up right across from it.As they've only been open for a short while, service is a bit flustered. I sometimes feel bad for the counter staff because they all seem like they're scared they're going to mess something up. I once went in with friends and they tried to bag me a pastry when I hadn't ordered yet. Then when I did order, they almost bagged the wrong item. It was a bit comical, but I took it in stride since they're new.Personally, I think the coffee tastes better than Starbucks. Haven't tried any of the espresso drinks yet. I did get an oatmeal cookie and although I'm a fan of the soft, chewy variety, their version was quite tasty. It was crunchy, crumbly and delicious!Price points are slightly higher, but I don't mind paying a bit more for better tasting coffee. One other qualm - either move or add another milk station near the front of the shop. Although I've never experienced it, I can see how the current milk station at the rear of the shop can became significantly congested during rush hour.
<review# 218,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2014,9/4/2014,77,144,7,11,13>I've never felt such a sense community at a restaurant. This may be because of my enthusiasm and anticipation after reading Marcus Samuelson's "Yes, Chef" two years ago, but I doubt it. I'd like to think that I would have caught onto his fusion of his own cultural experiences immediately.  We dined during the World Cup and there was soccer paraphinalia everywhere. A jazz band played as the game broadcasted on a tv just above their heads.  I sense everyone felt the same because we struck up a jovial conversation with the table next to us who offered me one of their deviled eggs (super good) after I lamented not ordering them in the first place. The menu caused me to furrow my brow a bit as I decided amongst all the options. We settled on shrimp ceviche, the dirty rice app, lamb tostadas and catfish. The lamb tostadas were my fav; the lamb was braised to perfection. I will be back for the Harlem chowder though.
<review# 219,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2014,9/3/2014,397,874,6,14,8>Definitely, worth the hype...for the most part. Be prepared to wait, but they do have a quick turnover. You won't be waiting hours like you do at Totto or Ippudo...yet.We started with the pork meatballs and the fried hearts & livers and both were delicious. However, we all got sick that night and we think it's from the pork meatballs being undercooked. Not a fun night...Anyways, onto the main attraction, the ramen. I had the spicy ramen, but the rest of the table had the 4 cheese, shio and shoyu ramen. All were amazing, you won't be disappointed with any that you get. I will say, the spicy one is spicy. My friend explained it perfectly; it's too spicy to really enjoy the flavor of the noodles and broth. Service is great and they're very quick with the food. I will definitely be back to try a different bowl of ramen, but I'll likely skip on the appetizers....EDIT: After posting this, the manager reached out to find out the cause of my food poisoning and basically tried to say it wasn't from him. After multiple messages back and forth, not once did he apologize for our experience until I mentioned it to him. If you have a problem with your food or experience, might be in your best interest to not mention it to them.
<review# 220,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2014,9/2/2014,1726,1086,8,17,10>When I was doing my morning walk to the subway a few weeks back, it wasn't the unassuming red awning that caught my eye, or the fact that yet another restaurant (Slide, in this case), had bit the dust. It was the name of the eatery soon to be replacing it: "Old Tbilisi." I rubbed my mind's eyes in disbelief. Whaaaaa? A Georgian restaurant on Bleecker Street? (For many years, and until the last couple, you'd have to go to Kings Highway, Avenue U, or Brighton Beach in Brooklyn to get some decent Georgian food, not counting all the pan-Soviet places that infuse their menus with dishes from the Caucuses.) But signs don't lie. Not with the rents you pay to open up a business in this part of town. Ever since that day, I kept watch on the windows, watching Old Tbilisi gestate from occupancy permit to posted menu to, this past week, open for business.As soon as I saw the open doors and the waitstaff...well, waiting for diners in the doldrums of the  very early evening, I lined up the SO and my brother for an exploratory trip. As soon as we entered, we were told that they didn't have their booze license yet, in case that would influence our decision to partake. We went in with this very expectation, but I appreciated the full disclosure (I'm sure it saves restaurants aggravation with folks complaining after they sit down). It should be noted that there is no BYOB option due to recent changes in the law, which I have seen with other places that opened in the past year, but they will have full booze soon*. They already had a couple of diners there and luckily there was still room in the nice garden in the back. We walked past the bar area and long dining room (some changes have been made since Slide times). There was a large stone waterfall fountain that actually looked fairly real (these can look quite tacky sometimes).Then our feast began. My brother was there for one thing above all: the khachapuri. They have a couple of varieties but the one he wanted was Khachapuri Adjarian (straight-out-the-oven Georgian bread with an "open lid" in the center filled with delicious sulguni cheese topped with a poached egg. Whisk it around (the waiter will show you) to create the delicious mishmash that makes this Georgian calzone one of the tastiest things on the menu. Of course, we also noshed on other tasty appetizers, starting with a basic tomato/cucumber/onion salad (one of my all time favorites); then a very good dish of marinated zucchini, eggplant, and peppers; and, finally, some obligatory khinkali (Georgian dumplings). We got the pork-beef variety but you can go for lamb, too. You'll get three oversize dumplings, the spiced meat encased by thick tee-pees of dough. OTG offers spices and flavors new and old. It's hard to think of a more authentic purveyor of Georgian food in the 5 boroughs, at least one that I've come across. There is much more menu to explore in Old Tbilisi, and I will be back as long as they stick around. (*FYI, they should have their full bar up and running in a couple of months, but if you care more about food than booze, NOW is the time to check it out.)
<review# 221,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2013,3/3/2014,89,132,4,16,11>Where do you find the happiest people in NYC? Jack Rabbit Sports!!I came here because I need to rent a wetsuit. We ended up getting everything we needed for a swim. The sales people also run, swim, and bike, so they know exactly everything we'd need. They're the opposite of pushy, so I don't feel pressured to buy anything that I really don't need.I found out that they also fit running shoes. They have treadmills with cameras attached that you can see how you run, so you know what kinda support you need. I actually bought a pair of shoes elsewhere, and it is giving me some IT band issues. I went in to ask if I could buy insoles (because it would make no sense to buy another pair of shoes) for the shoes. And I asked if I could bring the shoes in next time, and see if insoles are the solution. They were more than fine with that!They have a great rewards program, which you don't need a card, membership fees, or harassment. Just state your name, and every $100 you spend, you get awesome free things that's not "store credit", (which prompts you to buy more things.)There was this one guy, whom I'm sure was his first day on the job, who was less knowledgeable on a pair of swim goggles. But he's really nice, so 5-stars away!
<review# 222,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2014,3/2/2014,327,778,9,11,12>Dear Katz,I have been waiting for years to come to this place. In fact, I have been waiting for 3 years! Don't ask me why I waited this long, I am glad I finally made it here.It was late at night, around 3am, from what I recall from my blurred memory. I walked out of the club and realized that Katz was across the street, a 1 minute stumble in heels. That seemed manageable. I pointed at it, and my girlfriends all agreed to go there. We stumbled in to Katz, stood in line to get out tickets and all got our roast beef sandwiches. It was surprisingly crowded at 3am, I guess all drunk people love to pig out. These sandwiches were massive. The guy working at the counter was nice enough to let us sample some of the roast beef. After picking up my sandwich, I made my way to the French fries station and got a plate of amazing fries. No, the not the limp ones like in McDonalds, these were nice, fat pieces of French fries. Then I made a stop at the beverage station for a bottle of water.Finally I sat down and started working on my roast beef sandwich. It was amazing. The roast beef was perfectly tender, and the greasy French fries complimented it. I managed to get through half my sandwich and took home the rest in a take out container. Then I walked to the cashier and paid almost $30. It was not cheap, but well worth it.The next day, I woke up, with no hangover. Thanks Katz!
<review# 223,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/31/2013,3/1/2014,294,271,4,13,10>After more than a half a dozen visits to the new location.. I think it finally does warrant a review as they have nicely settled into the act of serving beautiful cocktails.What hits you as you walk in is that the new interiors are rather barren, and there's plenty more seating available. They also have started serving small bites here, which is always welcome. While the first couple of times the cocktails were hit or miss.. by now M&H and I have eased back into our comfortable relationship. I know how to communicate my order, and they know exactly what to give me. My favourite bartender from Lantern's Keep has also moved here.. so that's a plus in my book too.In several ways, the new place is an antithesis of the old one. Located in a much less grungy locale., the new storefront is a lot less 'little tailor shop' and a lot more 'construction site'. There's no doorbell, it's a huge space, and (gasp) they accept credit cards. I suppose one could say many of these changes are improvements over the old format. And yet... there's some of the charm missing. Perhaps I just need to walk through thick black velvet curtains and feel the aroma of spices and herbs and fruit oils hit me to feel like I am transported to a different time. I just liked feeling all intimate and having my drink orders repeated back to me in hushed tones. But the fact of the matter is, it's the flatiron district in 2013 and this is the best bar in the neighbourhood.
<review# 224,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2013,2/28/2014,164,195,7,19,17>Does the transitive property mean that dining at Contra is equivalent to dining at Noma, Isa, and Mugaritz? Probably not, but who cares. Contra is an outsanding restaurant on its own and the chefs here have done an excellent job incorporating their past experiences to create a menu that is both exciting and delicious. I'm not a big fan of charging extra for bread, but if you just factor the $3 into the total cost, the overall meal is well worth $58. Or just a tiny bit more, if you add on a supplement, which I did. The goat's head is delicious by the way*, the brain is akin to bone marrow, if you're into that savory/succulent kind of thing. Don't be so afraid. I can't wait to come back.*Yes, the eyeball does taste quite gelatinous, but I heard it improves your own eyesight as much as 2 pounds of carrots does, so feel free to forego your annual eye examination after eating it! The texture is practically the same as tapioca anyways, which people pay an outrageous extra 50 cents for at all those boba shops. Here it's already included with the marrow-esque brain! BOGO?
<review# 225,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2013,2/27/2014,193,102,8,16,13>This place definitely brings the hipster crowd to Harlem. If you are looking for a cool down to earth bar, this is the place.No hassle at the door, long lines & it's drama free....  I totally Dig it!!They have a wide selection of beers so there should be something here for everyone. I had the pumpkin spice ale, which was so yummy!  I did not eat but my friends who did said the food was great and worth the added calories   :)    Not to mention my tab for 2 beers was $12.00, you can't beat that !!!!!
<review# 226,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2013,2/26/2014,659,637,23,24,20>When you wake up on a Saturday, do you have an urge to:- buy a Le Creuset French oven in a bold shade of orange?- rationalize the necessity of buying an impossibly decadent chocolate cake?- buy a set of copper All-Clad pots?- be shoved out of the way by wacky old Upper West Side ladies on a grocery rampage?- house free samples of bread, smoked salmon, and other tasty stuff?- buy fresh roasted coffee?- fret over which of the many stinky gourmet cheese options you could have at your dinner party?- oh, and get all of your regular grocery shopping done?  If you answered yes to any of the above, then you have to go to Zabar's.  It is the definition of quirky, unpretentious New York gourmet food shopping.  The first floor is packed to the ceiling with food items and they are well staffed with friendly, helpful people. The second floor is jammed with kitchen supplies - everything from pots and pans to toaster ovens to plates and flatware.  This place is wild and wacky, but is useful, relevant and oozes charm.  Just like our wonderful city.
<review# 227,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2013,2/24/2014,271,435,13,31,14>Summary: This is as fine a speakeasy as you'll find in NYC.  Compared to places like Raines or Angel's Share, Little Branch is more pared down, less plush, less pretty, less designy.  But it knows what it's doing: it gets at the same sweet spot as the other places, it just does it by different means.  Perfect for dates, and, also, for everything else.Details:- Came on a Monday at 7:30pm--it was nearly empty but filled up nicely over the next few hours.  By 9 or 10pm, they started up with the live jazz.  No vocalist, just a few instrumentalists providing background music you pleasantly half-recognize.  Really well done.- Every other reviewer is correct: don't even look at the menu, just get the bartender's choice.  The folks here know what they're doing.  I had 6 drinks here and sampled my companion's 5 drinks--so, 11 in all, and not a dud among them.  Not one.  That's pretty impressive.  Our drinks were varied, too--based on tequila, mezcal, gin, vodka, rum--and our requests became laxer as time passed: by the fifth drink, I think I literally just said, "vodka!", and the server said, "sure!"  And a few minutes later, hey presto, a cocktail appeared, customized for me based on what I'd asked for previously.- Drinks are $13 each, which is a lot until you consider how other places of this sort charge $15-18, and sometimes more.  To boot, the staff seemed pleasantly surprised that we were staying for more than a drink or two (maybe most people just pop in here to see what the fuss is all about, then skedaddle?), so they bought us a round.  We got eleven drinks but paid for nine.  Just remember: cash only.
<review# 228,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2013,2/23/2014,443,376,9,15,12>Let's get this out of the way, watching Gordon Ramsay's Kitchen Nightmares show has been a guilty pleasure of mine for many years.  With that in mind - I was always curious about any dining establishment that was good enough to bear his name (regardless of his actual input in the food or menu).  That was part of what drove me to check out MAZE.I came in with higher expectations than usual for a normal restaurant.  After all, given all the shit that Gordon throws at other inept operators, one would expect this place to maintain some pretty high standards.  I am glad to report that for the most part I was extremely impressed with my overall experience.The food:We decided to mix things up by trying the Chef's 5-course menu and the Pre-Theater 3-course menu.  As for the 5 course menu - here are my prime takeaways:Turnip Veloute - My meal kicked off with a splash.  This creamy bisque-like soup was surprisingly flavorful and I recommend people try each spoonful with a different mouthful of ingredients.  I noticed the texture and flavor of the soup was very different depending on whether you mixed it with a bite of turnip, apple or raisin.  It was a great way to start things off.Beetroot Salad - This was also a nice showcase of flavors, with the goat cheese playing a bigger role than I expected compared to the beets and other handful of sauces and ingredients that came paired with the few leaves of grilled romaine lettuce.  Definitely liked the feel of the goat cheese juxtaposed with the fruity compote that was included.  My only beef here was that the size of the salad was so small - it offered few opportunities for someone to really indulge in the myriad of flavors presented here.Sea Scallops - My favorite item of the night.  The scallops were absolutely fresh and cooked to perfection.  The cider aioli and herbed panko were the perfect combination to the succulent and rich flavor of the scallops.  If only they served this item as a full-blown entree, I would definitely order this again in significantly larger quantities in the future.(Seabass or NY Strip Loin - I went for the latter)NY Strip Loin - Very well cooked slices of prime beef that melted in your mouth like butter.  My request for medium rare was a fine decision, given that it added to the texture of this well cooked piece of steak.  The spinach, portabello and potato confit were all nice additions to this meal, but all in all they were very small accompaniments. My only gripe here was that their version of the steak sauce was less than overwhelming and the underlying sauce under the steak itself also was only so-so for me and didn't do much to improve the taste of the entree.  I think the steak was perfectly fine in of itself.(Dark Chocolate Decadence or Pain D'Epices - Went with the former)The Dark Chocolate Decadence was fine, but frankly I didn't think this particular dessert was that impressive.  It was a bit too dry for my liking and at times felt like I was eating a very rich (albeit small) chocolate brick.As for the 3 course menu - here was what my lady tried:Turnip Veloute (see above)Crispy Salmon - The fish was well cooked and the crispy skin greatly added to the flavor and texture of this dish.  The truffle honey ricotta was also a nice pairing with this item.Pain D'Epices - Probably the best dessert of the bunch we tried that night.  Originally she ordered the Pineapple Maple Cake but this dessert was delivered to her by mistake (they did replace it later on without any incident).  This little panna-cotta like dessert was the most balanced and least overwhelming of the bunch we tried. The service:In short, the service was extremely disciplined and the waiters were all extremely polite and met our requests immediately.  While they made a mistake with our dessert order, they immediately rectified the problem.  I was impressed at how at least in this particular restaurant it seems they do hold on to the adage that Gordon preaches, which is the customer is always right. The decor:Lastly I thought the decor of the restaurant was tasteful and the ambiance was pleasant.  It was classy, modern but not overly stuffy.  The only gripe I had was that some of the tables were placed too close to each other.Overall - I was glad to see a restaurant that bears Gordon's name lived up to most of my expectations.  Given what he expects from other restaurants, it's good to see this place didn't deviate from his mantra of high quality food and excellent service.As for people looking for big portions - this is not the kind of restaurant where you look to get stuffed like the Olive Garden
<review# 229,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2013,2/22/2014,219,1009,11,21,16>After my first visit to Ootoya in Union Square, I was a fan. Fish fish and more fish? YEAH. I came back with the same dining companions this time -- and it's conveniently located near Bryant Park, my favorite of all NYC parks. At 5:10PM, a line was already forming. Anticipation built as 5:30 approached. We were in. This time, we sat at the bar, a unique experience that I prefer over a table. Of course, more than three people and you might want to be able to talk to each other. But who needs to talk when your face is buried deep in such delightful dishes? They're known for their mackerel, but we've been there, done that. - Mini soba is tiny ($15) but it's one of the best things on the menu. Why? SOY SAUCE GELEE. I couldn't believe what was happening in my mouth. - Kaisen Don -- it's basically chirashi on STEROIDS. All I really cared about was the uni, and they gave me three huge pieces. Salmon, fatty tuna, scallop, yellowtail were the other main characters. For a set, which includes an egg custard and miso soup, it'll cost you $31. - Pressed Salmon - 3 styles of perfectly cut salmon, 6 total pieces. I would like two orders of that... everyday...- Yakitori - amazing, pricey but tasty. You pretty much can't go wrong with anything on the menu.
<review# 230,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2013,2/21/2014,206,132,28,25,18>Younger Japanese man: I'll get a car for you!Older more inebriated Japanese man: No, no, I can just hail a cab!Y: I'll just get a car for you! Hold on, I'll call them!!O: (flails arms) No, no! A cab! I'll get a cab!Y: It's fine, I'll get a car!O: Nooooooo.(on and on for a few minutes)When you walk into a secret ramen-ya that only opens after 11pm each night and said ramen-ya is filled with many slightly inebriated Japanese businessmen who want a late-night bite or drinks, you're in for a treat. You're in for a treat because you know that the food will be solid, and especially because you become the audience to conversations that almost comically show the extent of seniority-based status relationships, whether you know the language or not.The restaurant uses SEO's space at night, so there are a few counter seats and plenty of tables for larger parties. The place still had a good room of open seats on a Saturday at 1am. The menu is quite limited with only 3 different types of ramen (shoyu, shio, and tsukemen), and an assortment of small appetizers (but $4 for edamame?!). This makes for pretty quick service - service that is appreciated when your stomach is growling for some late-night, (mostly) unhealthy grub. The edamame ($4) was a big portion, though, and salt was scattered atop and throughout. The shoyu ramen ($9.80) was also quite a large portion for being under $10, and came with two slices of seared pork, menma (fermented bamboo shoots), green onions, and half of a soft-boiled egg. While the menma and soft-boiled egg were less than desirable, limp toppings, the seared pork was surprisingly very tender, juicy, not overwhelmingly fatty, and flavorful. The shoyu broth, while not too complex, was clean and straightforward. Perhaps my tolerance for salt has risen? I didn't think the broth was as salty as other reviewers have stated. The noodles were cooked al dente and were of the thinner kind.All in all, the ramen is a solid 3. I added a star for the concept and atmosphere. Cash only. Boo.O: Nooooooo, a cab!Y: I'm already calling the car service.O: Nooooooo. Hmph. Well...I guess if you're already calling...(Y gets off the phone)O: So, when did they say they'll get here?Y: An hour.O: AN HOUR?!?! I'm going out to hail a cab. Y: I'm kidding, I'm kidding!! Please calm down. Just please sit down before you hurt yourself. They'll be here in 15 minutes.O: Hmph.And scene.Likelihood of another visit:I'll probably visit this sort-of-secret ramen place again. I've been eating way too much ramen lately, though, so it may not be for a while.
<review# 231,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2013,5/14/2013,581,422,6,10,11>After living and working in NYC for so long, its a huge surprise that I didn't make it to Totto until just recently... which actually surprised a lot of my friends. Whatever, I just never got around to it for whatever reason. I honestly didn't understand Kelly and Jack's urgency for me to not only arrive early nor did the reasoning behind them rushing to Totto immediately before it opened to put our names down on the waiting list. This to me sounded simply absurd and as I dragged my ass out of bed early on some cold Saturday morning, I found myself grumbling and wondering how I let these two convince me that this wait and early rising would all be worth it after a bite of the infamous ramen Totto has to offer. Great, not only is it early by weekend standards, we also picked the most frigid NYC winter morning to go. As my luck would have it, there was massive construction on 10th Ave not only causing my taxi to hit traffic, but for my tab to go up. Already in a less than stellar mood, I get to Totto only to see a mob, nay a sea of Asians waiting patiently on the sidewalk. What is this madness, you may ask? Totto Ramen. Oh what we will do for a good bowl of soup and delicious noodles... some old woman started cursing and yelling at us ramenheads because we were hungrilly blocking her way. I overheard her grumble about how crazy us Asians are, waiting in such sub zero weather for our noodles. I finally squirmed my way into one of those wind barrier door blocking things and spotted Kelly C. and Jack. We were in luck because of their strategic name placing, we were within the next two parties to be seated. Keep in mind that Totto is cash only, so while you are on line... you most likely have time to walk to your bank and back, or utilize one of those shady ATM's locatd next door (that's what I did...)Totto Ramen is without a doubt, a hole in the wall establishment... and I wouldn't have it any other way. This is part of the cause of the impossibly long lines. As we got seated by the bar, I really enjoyed the open kitchen view- I felt like I was part of the delicious ramen making process!! Like the restaurant, the menu is simple, offering you a few choices with slight variations. I had the pork ramen and added an egg. What makes Totto so specially delicious is the soup. It is so flavorful and fills you up with a smile that the crazy wait and obstacles you just endured are suddenly worthwhile and you begin to wonder when the next time you will make the ramen pilgramige to Totto. Watching the cooks make the amazing magic broth and other goodies from scratch made my mouth water, even though I already polished my bowl off and could not fit more food if I wanted. Totto Ramen is one of the best ramen places NYC has to offer, the only hassle is that horrible wait. However, if you have crafty and food driven friends like I do, you might be in luck and will be able to taste the Totto with as minimal wait as possible! It's definitely worth the wait, perhaps pick a warmer day then when we went.
<review# 232,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2013,5/13/2013,345,308,38,20,11>What just happened?Been bugging the BF to go to Sleep No More ever since it appeared on Gossip Girl.  Here was a recap of my experienceThe Good: Amazing acting/acrobatics/dancing/performingThe Bad: I had NO CLUE what was going on (I read a little wikipedia summary of Macbeth before I went too) and I STILL have NO CLUE what just happened to 3 hours of my life.Basically they took me up to the top floor, and for the first 10 minutes I wandered around the empty floor not really knowing what to do or expect and finally found a "character" (who I later realized 20 minutes later was not a main character).  She did literally nothing for 20 minutes, and I watched.  I was bored.  Finally, I walked toward the staircase and made my way down and saw a "main character" rush by with a mob of people running after her--I started running too obviously.  So the story began..I saw snippets of scenes, repeats of scenes, followed different people, ran/crawled/etc but mostly you can find me in the Candy Shop sampling all the candy waiting for the confusion to end.  I compared the scenes I saw with my BF after the show.  I saw a lot more than him but I was still nowhere close to making sense of anything.  At least I got my Blair&Chuck moment in the Candyshop!!PS: -The punch tastes like Black Licorice.  Not a lot of people like that flavor..-If you are short, prepare to not see a lot.  Or be aggressive and push to the front. -If you are fat you just wont be able to crawl to some places.  (its okay, i crawled and it didn't lead me to anywhere of importance..just got my pants dirty)-Don't go on a first date...you will probably be apart most of the timeSo why 4 stars? Obviously the acting and stuff was good ....and if everyone else gets it then it must be ME!  I must be retarded!  No really, that's how I feel right now..like my brain is just not good enough.
<review# 233,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2013,5/12/2013,2947,2195,12,12,14>This spot is about the size of my apartment, but a million times more cozy.The Wi-Fi is fast, and the tea is strong[1]. Tables might be high for some folks, so wee folk may have to reach up a bit to pick up their espressos or update their OKCupid profiles.Aside from their stockpiled coffee goods, they stock a selection of pastries[2] that frighten me, and soups that intrigue. Did I mention they've got beer and wine?[1] That could just be because I steep my tea like a madman.[2] Sourced from local bakeries!
<review# 234,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2013,5/11/2013,816,264,8,15,12>Fukurou opened in late December of 2012, to remarkably little fanfare. As the first stateside venture of one of Tokyo's more prominent restaurant chains, I was surprised by the complete lack of publicity surrounding its arrival. However, I was also thrilled, as it meant that simply walking in late one evening was actually possible, a frustrating rarity in Manhattan.On the night Nancy and I came, a few weeks ago, about 80% of the other patrons were Japanese, and many seemed to be friends of the staff. In other words, the restaurant still seems to be something of a secret. Our server almost looked bemused in handing us our menus. The owls perched along the counter top and general atmosphere of joviality in the kitchen did little to dissuade his or our smiles. As it was early February, and New York seemed hellbent on making up for lost time with regards to its not so frigid winter, we elected to start with some sake to warm ourselves. The sake menu is surprisingly varied, and positively affordable. Our tokubetsu junmai was only eighteen dollars, as was nearly every other type of sake, and when it came in a bamboo stalk serving as a carafe, it only felt like more of a bargain. The fact that they have an Asahi kegerator and the fact that they don't mark up the drafts to exorbitant levels is icing on the imbibing cake. Soon after we poured our first masus(just kidding, it's so rare to see those silly wooden boxes anymore) of sake, our first plate was placed before us: the Seared Fatty Salmon. Seared was in this case being rather generous with the term. The fish appeared to have scarcely glanced the pan, and I mean that as no disrespect. The salmon was 95% raw, and was all the better for it. The searing of each edge was enough only form the most delicate of crusts. The sprouts topping the salmon probably had more of a crunch to them, but that is how the dish was meant to be. The  crisp freshness of the vegetables, combined with their innate vibrance as sprouts was a wonderful foil to the fattiness of the fish and the saltiness of its marinade. If our next dish had not been set down in such a timely manner, I would have contemplated scraping my chopsticks along the plate to ensure that we had gotten everything. But once our next dish was presented, the aroma made it difficult to think of anything else. The Zuru Teba, liberally seasoned and ran through with skewers, were so tempting that Nancy and I forewent the appropriate, dignified approach of gently sliding out each skewer, letting the meat come off with it, and instead brutishly yanked them out and ate with our hands. Our server came back with napkins, chuckling all the while. In truth, the wings are so tender that one's approach to eating them is largely irrelevant. At the culmination of your efforts, you'll find the same lemony, garlicky, salty, slightly sweet morsels of chicken no matter what means you took to reach them. Our next two plates were brought to us simultaneously, although it was unclear if that stemmed from the fact that they both were pork-centric, or from the fact that we were eating at a comical pace. Both the Grilled Black Pork Belly and Stewed Black Pork Belly on sight alone looked to be winners, but upon tasting, the stewed version was far superior. The grilled version was cooked a bit too long, and was a little tougher than it should have been. It also did not retain much flavor from its miso marinade, likely another unfortunate side effect of too much time on the grill. The stewed version, however, was rich, smoky, meaty comfort at its best. The soft boiled eggs melded with the remaining broth, rendering the fare even more substantial. The shavings of scallion did little to convince me that I wasn't spooning my way towards an early heart attack, but I loved every moment of it. The final number in our swift succession of plates was the Taro Korokke; two fried balls of mashed potato (sweet potato in this case) filled with ground beef, and on this occasion, a bit of carrot as well. The breading was light and crispy, and the filling was nowhere near as dense as a typical korokke. The kewpie mayo and diced tomato that accompanied them was a nice touch. In short, Nancy and I enjoyed nearly everything about Fukurou. It was unpretentious, almost universally delicious, uncrowded, and supremely inexpensive. And to boot, we only sampled perhaps a quarter of the menu. In my selfishness, I hope this restaurant stays lost in translation.
<review# 235,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2013,5/10/2013,706,474,7,19,10>Went for the Lunch Special.Service was super attentive even though it was only one person working the tables and with the place 60% packed on a Sunday.For $9.50, it comes with a salad, a side, and a bowl of some hot ramen.I Ordered the Hataka Ramen with medium noodles and the side I got the Curry Karage (fried chicken) and wife got the Spider Ramen (soft shelled crab) it add a extra $2.50, but totally worth it and a side of Gyoza.Broth of the Hataka Ramen was just right, not too watery and not too creamy.  The Hataka only came with one char shu which was so tender and lean, so you might want to add an extra one for $1.50 if you desire, but I was perfectly filled at the end of my meal.  Spider ramen I thought was really good, for the price, you get a nicely cooked soft shelled crab and two slices of char shu, I thought it was the best bang for your buck during lunch.  Ordered thin noodles with it.When the instant ramen meals I make at home isn't hitting the spot, def. see myself repeating and coming back when I get ramen cravings.
<review# 236,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2013,5/8/2013,349,349,18,34,29>The Eleven Madison Park experience is unbeatable in New York.  It is not so much the surfeit of food or even the consistency of quality that impresses as much as the ambiance, the attention and the accouterments that render an interesting twist to the mechanics of meal-making.  Not to forget my delightful company--no, that is not a reference to Mister Hanks who was holding court at the next table to ours as only an aged version of Josh Baskin can.What pleased me also was that Eleven Madison Park has such staff in their employ as a 'wine director' and a 'bar manager'--when you pay for an expensive meal, you like to know that the restaurant is splurging as well.  Equally pleasing was their ability to cater to a vegetarian palate in a surprisingly seamless manner, matched only by their desire to pamper and please every patron.The sixteen-course meal had its statistically inevitable ups and downs.  The black and white cookie, the squash, roasted salsify with wheat and walnuts, the baked potato and the parsnip roasted with sesame and parsley are fresh in the mind's eye, ably complemented by a printed menu that I hope to preserve at least until the next time I move apartments.  The most impressive item in the series of desserts was the Maple--bourbon barrel aged with milk and shaved ice.  I wish they gave us more of that to take home rather than the granola, but I am not complaining--they were quite generous about giving us two bottles of the granola for the road.This was only my second time at the restaurant, and the new team seems to have done a magnificent job of preserving what was essentially right while tweaking or transforming other elements of the experience.  I hope to be back soon!
<review# 237,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2012,5/7/2013,53,150,17,11,10>Doctor:  So, what brings you into the office today?Patient:  Doctor, I've been having painful sensations in my legs. Doctor:  Is that so? Have you been urinating more frequently than usual?Patient:  Yes, actually I have, I've been peeing all the time. And I've also been super thirsty lately. I feel like I'm always either drinking water or pissing it out.Doctor:  Hmm...have you noticed any changes in your vision?Patient:  Well, now that you mention it, I've been having some blurry vision over the last couple of weeks.Doctor:  Okay. Well then, I'm going to check your blood sugar and your hemoglobin A1C because I suspect that you may have diabetes.*Patient:  Oh no! I guess eating all of those almond croissants, eclairs, macarons, and other delicious French pastries finally caught up to me...**--------------------So how does someone end up overindulging in almond croissants, eclairs, etc? Well, after you walk into FP Patisserie, you might become a repeat customer all too easily. Just months after Eric Kayser opened up his boulangerie/patisserie/cafe, Francois Payard makes his triumphant return to the Upper East Side with this patisserie directly across the street from Maison Kayser.  FP Patisserie is basically a pastry shop (no breads, baguettes, etc) that offers seating at a bar or in a more formal dining room area. The interior of the shop feels more like a posh designer clothing store or jeweler than a patisserie. There are glass cases not entirely dissimilar to what you would find in a jewelry store, only here, instead of diamond rings and necklaces, they are showcasing St.-Honorés, eclairs, tarts, and chocolates. Towers of macarons adorn the counters, and they even have sorbets available. Really, it's quite an impressive display -- mesmerizing, actually -- and speaks to the level of care and attention to detail that is going into each pastry. On my first visit, I went with my go-to order and the standard by which I judge and compare all patisseries: the almond croissant ($3.50). Texturally, there was a satisfying crunch and flakiness to the croissant. There was a generous slathering of frangipane on the top, creating a crisp, delicious coating for the croissant. The amount of frangipane lining the interior was just right: not an excess of it weighing down the croissant, but enough so that you know that it's there. Good number of layers? Check. Not too dense or soggy? Check. Sweet, satisfying, and altogether quite delicious, this is an almond croissant that, while not quite as exemplary as what I tried in Paris (insert reminiscing thoughts here), is certainly up there with some of the best in NYC.Price-wise, FP Patisserie is comparable to other French bakeries in the city -- that is, you'll be paying more for a breakfast here than at your typical bagel place or doughnut shop, but the cost is not prohibitive, and the quality of the products actually justifies the price. You probably can't come here for breakfast every day, but then again, that probably wouldn't be so good for your BMI or hemoglobin A1C, either. I came here shortly after the store opened on its first day, but customer service wasn't an issue, as the servers that I interacted with were friendly and accommodating. Based on the almond croissant that I enjoyed here on my first visit, I may find myself returning here more often than I should. You may find yourself doing so, too, but don't say I didn't warn you about what happens to those who eat more than their fair share of delicious pastries!--------------------* Yes, I just went there. I'm a dork, I know. ** Eating excessive amounts of almond croissants, eclairs, macarons, and other delicious French pastries is not recommended, and I don't advocate this.
<review# 238,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2012,5/6/2013,389,329,7,12,7>Murray's does not hold a candle to the excellence that is Tompkins Square Bagels.I'd say it's a neighborhood secret, but it's not much of a secret. The lines are absolutely epic, but I'm serious when I tell you they move quickly.  You won't wait more than 10 minutes, despite the 35 person line snaking through the restaurant to the garden out back.  They're hipsters that own logistics - a rare and coveted combo.  There's a guy designated for order-taking and ticket-distribution to the bagel preppers, who work seamlessly in concert with the cashier girls.  It's a work of art.And now on to the actual bagels.  Jalapeño Cheddar cream cheese has officially changed my life. I keep wanting to try more of the offerings - bacon herb? wasabi cream cheese? french toast bagels with chocolate chip cookie dough cream cheese? But I just can't tear myself away from the spicy, cheesy spread I love oh so much. Their sandwiches look fantastic too - avocado, red pepper, eggs, turkey...any breakfast combo you can dream, they can create.  I shall visit every Saturday until the end of time.
<review# 239,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2013,5/5/2013,483,449,9,13,14>Clerk: Are you looking for something?Woman: Yeah I dropped something.Clerk: What did you drop?Woman: I dropped some money.Clerk: Oh how much did you drop?Woman: A hundred dollars.Clerk: Here. I have it. I just wanted to make sure it was yours.I literally just witnessed this about an hour ago at Village Farm Grocery. A woman dropped a one-hundred dollar bill and it was returned by a clerk. And this corner store defines what a good and neighbourly business is not only by its honesty, but also by how it takes care of its customers. Let's say, for example, hypothetically speaking, a super freaky storm blows through the neighbourhood, knocking out the power and water, and tossing the entire area into perpetual darkness.No problem! Village Farm Grocery maintained its 24-hour, 7-day business hours despite the fact that all the Indian clerks probably live in Queens. Not only that, it was also the most well-stocked store in the neighbourhood, full of batteries, flashlights, candles, dried goods, and bottled water.Oh, and did I mention that this store is just extremely well-stocked with most of your basic necessities as well as numerous options for organic and vegetarian foods?To sum it all up, Village Farm Grocery has made my life in East Village so much better with its existence.
<review# 240,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2012,5/4/2013,404,259,5,11,8>When Joaquin Simo is involved with a new cocktail bar, you go. He is one of the best in the business, and I mean that with no hyperbole whatsoever. He's that good. Pouring Ribbons continues the rise of Alphabet City as a cocktail destination. At this point, there are more top-tier quality bars just on Avenue B and C then some neighborhoods have in entirety. With the Wayland, Summit Bar, Elsa and the like, Pouring Ribbons joins great company.The cocktails. Holy !?@!. I really don't know what else to say. This bar is instantly in New York's top 10. Fantastic list where every cocktail is plotted on a 4 criteria grid between Spiritous, Comforting, Refreshing and Boozy, which is a fantastic aide for those who are not cocktail nerds (like me). The Lust for Life is like the Mezcal cocktail for people who don't know Mezcal. Mezcal is smoky, but in this drink it's been subdued and restrained to a more subtle accent. Combined with Pineapple, Sherry (adds umami), Orgeat (Almond syrup) then topped with cacao for aromatics, and you have a wonderfully balanced, layered drink.Joaquin also served me the Tropic of Cancer on recommendation knowing I like funky stirred drinks. With Chile-Infused Tequila, Coffee Infused Carpano Antica (sweet vermouth like) and Bitters, this is basically a complex riff on a Manhattan. And it's amazing. It lingers for days and has a taste that changes by the second. Did I mention you can get Vintage 1970's Chartreuse tastings here?No Doubt, On THE LIST...yelp.com/list/best-cockt…
<review# 241,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2007,4/13/2007,27,60,5,11,10>Oh the glorious chicken! The simple menu! The fairly nice logo design (for a chicken place)! The faster than expected delivery! It all adds up to just plain goodness.With a menu this simple: 3 sizes, 3 choices of chicken, 2 flavors, you really have to have confidence in what you serve. And rightfully so. With crispy skin, moist meat, and just the right amount of sauce, how could you go wrong?!  YOU CAN'T!!!Not  much more to say, if you love fried chicken like I do and you're tired of flour overload, try BonBon Chicken, you can't go wrong.
<review# 242,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2007,4/12/2007,387,259,7,7,9>Ganache...the icing of the gods. I discovered it late in life, and now, am compelled to try it over and over. And, indeed, at Burgers and Cupcakes, you can have your chocolate revvered up with chocolate ganache. And, life is good. Minis are available for those of us who have guilt issues.
<review# 243,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2006,4/11/2007,60,136,10,10,16>Kids are always excited because they've lived only a few years and still have yet to experience the many wonders that life has to offer.  You ever seen a baby when it's had that first taste of ice cream? The initial expression is one of surprise, followed shortly by confusion (huh? what is this new sensation?!), and then complete and utter elation!So now that I've had a few years under my belt, those first-time "yowza!" moments are becoming fewer and further between.  One of the more recent occurences happened a few years back when I tasted my first slice at Joe's.  Now, coming from California, I thought all pizza was supposed to have a yeasty bready crust and have copious amounts of sauce and gooey cheese.  I know, totally shameful, but now I've seen the light!The piping hot slice had a thin crispy crust, the perfect amount of delicious sauce and a layer of bubbly cheese.  Perfect.  My face:  like a frickin' newborn's.
<review# 244,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2006,4/10/2007,95,239,3,14,11>Not the greatest sushi in terms of quality... BUT, here's 5 reasons why I think everyone should try it at least  once:1. The 2nd floor's a nicely decorated Japanese restaurant. the 1st floor is a sushi 'bar,' where all the seats/bar stools are placed around this circular conveyor belt. 2-3 sushi chefs are in the center, making all types of maki/sushi/tapa dishes. They place them on the conveyor belt, and you can pick whichever plate you want as it goes around and around. It's a really unique experience - apparently a lot of sushi bars in Japan do this. 2. It caters to your price range. The plate colors denote a certain price, with each plate being 1.00, 1.50, 2.00... up to 4.50 I think. Which means if you're a california roll eater, you can get plates of $1 maki rolls and walk out happy.3. It's like Chinese dim-sum for sushi. What's great is that if you don't see something you like going around, you can special-request a dish and they'll make it for you (which is also good if the jerk next to you keeps taking the dish you're waiting for - too bad the conveyor belt doesn't change directions).4. GREAT place for a date - I think it'd impress any foodie who's into sushi/unique restaurants. And the sushi is still okay quality. 5. Last of all, if you like the place you should apply for their membership. It's a $20 membership, which includes 10% off the bill everytime you go there, and you'll get a $20 gift card. and you'll get a few other $10 gift cards mailed to you throughout the year. A no brainer to me.
<review# 245,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/14/2007,4/9/2007,0,0,5,6,6>Ridiculously cheap for the UWS. But it's an old crowd of regulars, if that's your thing. I was most certainly the youngest in the bar, but drafts starting at 2.25 until 7p!Might try it out during Saint Patrick's Day, but only if I can bring in the pug. It's her birthday.
<review# 246,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2006,4/6/2007,226,449,2,9,8>As so many others in this city, I am a cupcake junkie. But it wasn't until yesterday that I finally sampled the cupcakes at Sugar Sweet Sunshine Bakery on the LES. The verdict? I loved them. And I loved the general vibe of SSSB. Relaxed atmosphere with comfortable chairs and tables, good coffee and lots and lots of delicious cupcake morsels. I think that one of the things that I like most about SSSB is the variety of cupcakes. I'm tired of just vanilla and chocolate and different colours of icing. I want a little excitement and that's what I found here. I tried the chocolate, red velvet, pistachio and pumpkin cupcakes (yes, I'm fat today) and what I've discovered is that the ones that retain the moist goodness, a feature that we all search for in cupcake production, are the ones with nuts or moist fruit/vegetable in them. The pistachio was my absolute favorite, with the pumpkin being a close second (LOVE the cream cheese icing). I think I'm kind of over red velvet at this point, although I still love the idea - they're just so often dry, but here they were pretty good, just not AS good as the others. Are these my favourite cupcakes in the city so far? Yes.
<review# 247,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2007,4/5/2007,157,490,34,35,26>If I had the luxury to spend hours and hours in a coffee shop, this would be it! Dear God, I just love this place! Damn, the owners beat me to it only by a decade (or so), but if I were to start my own coffee shop ... this is exactly what it would look and feel like. It's as if they picked up the blue print from my mind!How can one not love this place? Hidden on the side streets of West Village, it is unpretentious but cozy, has both cute decor (vases, flowers, couch etcetera) and free wireless internet connectivity, a skylight as well as a library of books much like my elder brother's (brought back memories of childhood), good munchies as well as very good organic coffee (plus great selection of teas)..... I've tried their Cappuccino, Latte, Mocha and Regular Coffee...excellent stuff.After the biscotti, I was tempted to try the Pepp-o-mint cup, but remembered that Sam P had highly recommended the Peanut Butter Cup. Obviously, the decision became a no-brainer: I had both.... While the Pepp-o-mint was only average (rock hard texture), the Peanut Butter Cup was delicious. I tried to be casual about licking my fingers, but no such luck. The friends called me on it! Particularly since I didn't even offer to share it: "Hey why don't you try the Peppomint cup? Damn, that Peanut Butter Cup was really small! Over before I knew it." :-))Grounded draws in an interesting cast of characters --- eclectic and entertaining to watch:The full time student --- (sighted) : alternating between writing papers, emailing and web surfingThe soon-to-graduate student --- (sighted): surfing company websites, tailoring resumesThe freelance writer --- (sighted) : in need of a java fix, and some inspirationThe literary dudette --- (sighted) : reading Milan Kundera and not turning a single page in the hour and half that I was thereThe cool dude --- (sighted) : half-asleep on the couch, newspaper in front of him.The cool dude's sidekick --- (sighted) : trying to bask in reflected glory and chat up the girl next to himThe wannabe dude --- (sighted) : working his hands through his hair, while talking on his cell, juggling his drink and food AND hoping to catch the eye of the (above) cool dudeThe poor girl who has to suffer the clumsiness of the wannabe dude --- (sighted) : feverishly wiping the coffee which the wannabe dude has just thoughtlessly spilled over her laptopThe mom  - (sighted) : proudly watching her toddler crawl all over the coffee shop and interrupt serious conversationsThe foodies --- (sighted) : debating the merits of the mud pie over the coffee The couples --- (sighted) : in various stages of "lovey doveyness"  The friends --- (sighted and participated) : catching up with each otherThe gossips --- (sighted) : "I  KNEW he was going around pretending to be single to other girls. I kept telling zee she should also cheat on him with other men"Our very own Nathan Hale,  Sam P. --- (not sighted) : whose multi-dimensional personality can not be reduced to a stereotype!Once student life is over, you realize that you no longer own your time. Grounded may not make the best cup of coffee in NYC, but there is no other coffee shop where I'd like to spend as much time. It's enough reason to consider moving to the neighborhood!For those who like "Text Message reviews" - I have two words: Stay Grounded.
<review# 248,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/30/2006,4/4/2007,37,34,5,11,6>After years and years of walking by the boarded up Spring Joy Chinese restaurant and wondering why this prime corner spot was doomed to dereliction [Please choose one of the following: a) meth lab b) crazy tax shelter scheme c) under litigation d) owners forgot they owned the property], I passed by yesterday - after being out of town for most of the month - and suddenly there was a gleaming new restaurant just sitting there. Magic.Things got even better when further investigation revealed that it was David Chang's second restaurant. The space is more than twice the size of Momofuku Noodle Bar, with a similar spare ethic - dark wood paneling, a long dining counter running down the left side, a slate-hued stone floor. ("Amelia, why are you...feeling the floor?" my friend asked. It's because I wanted to tell you about it, yelpers. To be honest, I'm still not sure exactly what it's made of. Let's say "stone-like material" and leave it at that.)Walk to the back and place your order directly with the chefs, who fill it on a cafeteria-style assembly line, then pay at the register and go find a seat.  (Lacrosse team? No. Physics club table? Uh uh. Cheerleaders? Definitely not....Sorry. High school flashback now over.)We chose the chicken steamed buns and the Berkshire pork ssam with bibb lettuce - take your lettuce leaf and load it up with pork, rice, bacon black beans, slaw, and kimchee puree. Definitely good, but since the ingredients are not cooked for each individual order, I wasn't surprised that it wasn't spectacular. At the moment, there's only one (Korean) beer selection with a label design and taste sadly reminiscent of Bud Lite. Fast + cheap + good, interesting food = yes, go.
<review# 249,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2006,4/3/2007,395,209,16,11,12>Never been inside, but they have an INCREDIBLE catering menu with the most fabulous looking containers. (the pictures speak for themselves)Buy a few boxes, put them on a plate, throw a house party, and tell everyone you made everything. People will be bowing at your feet.Better yet, invite a guy/girl to your home and have an indoor sushi picnic.99:1 chance one will fall in love, your favor.If love's not your thing, you will FOR SURE get laid.-1 star cuz it's so damn expensive+4 stars for the day and age you can buy friends w/ good food, and this place will definitely make you the most popular kid on the block
<review# 250,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2007,4/2/2007,21,52,13,9,11>For me, talking about Bar Americain is like reviewing my high school lunch room. It's so conveniently close to my office that I take clients there all the time. Only difference, is there is no lunch lady with a hair net and spatula....and the playful modern design looks like Frank Gehry's protege went nuts in there with an orange magic marker.I like Bobby Flay...I like his restaurants...and I like his style...I like his cooking smackdowns...Another boy from Queens on the top of his game. If I could hang out for a night with 3 other guys from Queens it would be Flay, McEnroe, and Jon Favreau. We would shoot the shit about food, movies, tennis, women, magazines and late nights at White Castle. Anyway...Since Bar Americain is my corporate card cafeteria, I generally don't stray too far from a few usual dishes. After munching on a few signature playfoods like hot potato chips and half a piece of jalapeno cornbread, I have a mini tastebud-asm.  Then, I kick things into high gear with the luscious meaty crawfish & dungeness crab cakes decorated with red peppers...yummers! For lunch, I'll do the smoked chicken or the filet with a side order of those perfectly cooked french fries (with red pepper mayo for dipping). At that point in the meal, everyone at the table is high on flavor and in a great mood...They also have an extensive wine list and very satisfying desserts (the choc cream pie put me in a sugar coma)- both I've only explored with dates...with similar results. You the man, Bobby Flay-vor Flav!
<review# 251,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2007,7/30/2007,43,88,22,12,12>I'm lactarded.  Really horribly lactarded.  While I can usually pop a lactaid pill for most dairy-infused dishes, ice cream and I have never really seen eye-to-eye.  Imagine the squeal my inner child gave when I saw that they had a decent sorbet selection.The lychee was incredible, no two ways about it.  The watermelon was exactly what I wanted on a hot and muggy day.  The lemon made me so happy I wanted to offer it to strangers just to spread the joy (though, as it looked like a small cup of yellow snow, I decided not to).There's no doubt that the next time I go to Chinatown I'll be packing a bustling supply of lactaid in my pocket and a t-shirt reading "red bean ice cream" with an arrow leading to my stomach.
<review# 252,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2007,7/29/2007,139,311,12,18,10>Alice is some kind of Irish hair cutting goddess, let me tell you. The fact that I'm giving the place a 5 star review after waiting for over an hour (I was a little early, but still) is incredible. If you can't tell from my other reviews, I'm generally not the most patient person. Nor am I very high maintenance... I'll run a hair straightener over my hair when I'm trying to look presentable, because otherwise I look like the woman in the dilbert comics with the triangle shaped mass of frizzy curliness on her head, but generally I spend about 10 minutes on my hair. Alice singlehandedly transformed the amorphous blob of fuzz on my head to a silky bob. I'm getting a headache from tossing my head around (I can't help it!).I HIGHLY reccomend this place. Your appointment may end up getting bumped to later (probably not, I think it's just because she was teaching stuff), but be patient, it's worth the wait. Also, 10% off as a first time customer! $75 (including tip) for a cut and a blow dry... I've paid less, but I've definitely paid more (for less). When it comes to your hair, it's worth the extra couple dollars to get something really special.
<review# 253,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2007,7/28/2007,66,259,7,8,8>I think this confirms my Yelp addiction as I would never have found this place without all your comments.  criminal law becomes much more palatable when you're drinking a cafe bon bon (double shot espresso with condensed milk), listening to the Clash, and surrounded by plants, contented people, and general adorableness.  sweet jesus, the ham & cheese croissant is divine.
<review# 254,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2007,7/27/2007,112,157,20,22,15>"Let them eat Brioche" says some dead French lady, and I couldn't agree more, especially when eating at Express in Newark Penn.With about ten flavors of brioche, including cheese, coconut, apple, chocolate, and spinach, you're bound to find one you like. These are the big ol' brioche shaped like crowns, not some dinky crap brioche you've been conditioned to accept as normal.Besides a decent cup of coffee, this is pretty much all they sell. There are three people working in a coffin-sized newsstand--but they certainly keep busy with all the brioche-hungry patrons. They were really nice to me. I was overwhelmed with choices, so I got chocolate and spinach. They were both good, but I actually preferred the spinach! The world will probably explode soon.Where the hell is this place? Here is a map:NEWARK PENN STATIONNorth  ^            __MickyD___________________DOOR_______________            /                                                                                                           |DOOR \                                                                                                          |             |                                                                                                          |             |                                    YUMMY                                           ______|             |                               POPCORN                                         | StairsEscala |                                                                                           |to Gate |                                                                                           |  way    |_______________                  ____________           |             |                                    |                |                          |           |Brioche             |                                    |                |                          |        **|Heaven             |                                    |                |__W______M |        **|_____            /                                                                                                          | DOOR\                                                                                                         |             |                                                                                             DOOR\             |                       Slow    |                                                    to Ironb. /             |                  Machines |                                                                   |             |                                    |_____________________________|             |        Amtrak               |                        Stairs to Tracks             |        Seating              |             |                                    |Ticket boothBUMS  |____          _______|                SOUTH DOOR with nastier bums
<review# 255,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2007,7/26/2007,405,569,19,12,11>Wow, 33 reviews? I suppose this place has got some clout in the area.I took a pretty important editor out to a business lunch this afternoon, and he suggested Dos Caminos. True be told, I hadn't heard of it, but his enthusiasm was infectious. The second we sat down he gushed that the guacamole and the margaritas were amazing, and since my company was paying, why the hell not? The guacamole was nutso delicious, and the drinks were stiff and crisp. Our entrees were good, but not very memorable. Important note to self: Do not have two margaritas on a business lunch.   Do not schedule any meetings after said lunch.
<review# 256,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2007,7/24/2007,171,97,39,11,18>The Russian Vodka Room in Two ActsAct One: Summer 2000. Go here after work on the company's tab. Eat about one bite of food and drink from a bottomless carafe of infused vodka for quite a few hours. Get really, really, really, really, really, really, really drunk. Get in a cab to meet friends on the lower east side. When cab driver asks where to go I say "I don't know!" Cab driver pulls over until I call my friend and figure it out. Cab driver continues. I wonder if cab rides are always so bumpy and nauseating. Get to the lower east side, realize I have no money, run out to use an ATM, throw up. My boyfriend sees me, realizes I am not fit to socialize, gets back in the cab with me and proceeds to take me back to Williamsburg. I wonder if the Williamsburg bridge is always so bumpy and nauseating. Roll down the window and THROW UP WITH MY HEAD OUT THE WINDOW as we are going over the bridge. Cab driver is pissed. Boyfriend is pissed. I am drunk. Go home. Pass out. Wake up with massive hangover. This, to present date, is my drunkest evening ever in New York.Intermission: Summer 2006. Came here for some drinks for my going away party. For some reason everyone gets confused and goes to the Russian Samovar across the street. This is like the hard core version of the Russian Vodka Room with Russian guys totally passed out drunk on the bar. It is awesome. Act Two: Spring 2007. Go here after work for drinks. Get chatted up by drunk middle aged tourist ladies from the Midwest. It is 6:30pm and these ladies are DRUNK. And chatty. An approximate rendition of our conversation:DRUNK TOURIST LADIES (DTL): I LOVE THIS CITY!!!! DO YOU LIVE HERE???me: yes. DTL: THAT'S SO GREAT!!!! WHERE DID YOU GROW UP?me: new jersey.DTL: NEW JERSEY!?! I ONLY KNOW NEW JERSEY FROM THE SOPRANOS!!!me: oh, well it's just like that.DTL: OH MY GOD!!! REALLY???? HAHAHAHAHA!!!!DTL: DO YOU TAKE THE SUBWAY HERE? me: yep.DTL: EVEN AT NIGHT? BY YOURSELF? me: yep.DTL: AREN'T YOU SCARED??me: no. a lot of people take the subway, even at night. DTL: WE'RE FROM WISCONSIN. OUR HUSBANDS DIDN'T WANT TO GO BUT WE DECIDED TO COME ANYWAY. OUR HOTEL IS RIGHT IN TIMES SQUARE!!!me: uhm, that's a great location.DTL: DAMN RIGHT IT IS!!! WE'RE IN THE MIDDLE OF EVERYTHING. I LOVE THIS CITY!!!! NEW YORKERS ARE SO NICE!!!! IN THE MOVIES THEY'RE NOT NICE BUT IN REAL LIFE THEY ARE SO NICE!!!! CHEERS!!!Five stars for infused vodka, Midwest ladies and puking out of cab windows.
<review# 257,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2007,7/23/2007,43,61,7,15,13>1. FREE TICKETS2. Fantastic production, acting, set, light, everything3. Outdoors!4. FREE TICKETS!!! Meaning, NOT $120! No strings, no obligations. Free!It's well worth taking the day off from work to stand on line (bring a book, folding chair and a snack or two) to get seats and talk with other people doing the same.Come to the park early. Picnic! You can bring wine to the theatre (no glasses) and some food too...just don't get nasty loud wrappers or anything like that.The theatre has awesome seating, open air (which can hurt if it's raining, because they will cancel the show). The set is always interesting and the acting never fails.
<review# 258,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/1/2007,7/22/2007,135,16,9,13,13>People who prefer their food with some pretension will appreciate this Upper West Side see-and-be-seen restaurant. Diners are made to feel they are fortunate to be allowed to eat at such an haute scene establishment by almost all the wait staff including the bartender. This and the parade of ultra thin Chanel-sunglass clad young ladies of leisure give the entire experience a very LA or Upper East Side feel.And yet, the food is several levels above the norm at most equally  or higher priced UWS options. The Spinach Ravioli was clearly made fresh that day with homemade pasta and fresh tomatoes. Each item of their signature salad was the vibrant color nature it intended it to be when eaten, and the desserts were well balanced. Is it worth the attitude? If it's a warm day, there's an outdoor table and your ipod or dining companion can drown out the haughty wait staff, absolutely!
<review# 259,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2007,7/21/2007,308,363,18,15,11>Maybe it's because I don't really go to hip & trendy bars to "see and be seen" that I was so impressed with this place.  You really don't know what to expect when you're climbing the stairs from the elevator level (where the indoor lounge is).  But when you first walk out onto the roofdeck, it's like "Wow!"  Like everyone else has mentioned, it's quite huge and you get unobstructed, open air views of the Empire State Building and the Chrysler Building.  They seem so close that you could just hop across the rooftop a la Spider-man.  But I wouldn't suggest doing that since you're no Spider-man, and then they'd have to shut this place down.  Don't ruin it for the rest of us, punk!Now where was I?  Oh yes, the views.  Spectacular.  I came here for a company party, so we had a corner section sanctioned off, which was great.  We had two waitresses, an open bar until 7:30 and seemingly unlimited appetizers.  In fact, there were a couple trays full of leftovers by the time I left.  If it weren't a work event and I wasn't trying to be classy, they totally would have come home with me in my purse (hey, it wouldn't be the first time).Speaking of which, I actually really enjoyed the food.  Most of it had a good amount of heat to it, so if you can't stand spicy food, stay away.  We had fried coconut shrimp, curry empanadas, mini burgers, meatballs, and pork & shrimp dumplings.  I couldn't get enough of the shrimp and dumplings.  I figured, if this was gonna be my dinner for the night, eat up!  Always nice to get some food & drink on the company dime, right?  Not a bad way to end a long work day, if you ask me.
<review# 260,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2007,7/20/2007,245,505,12,16,20>Only God knows how I managed to NOT write a review of this place despite having been there 3 times already AND it is my dying meal.  I don't even know where to begin!As you may know, my favorites are the fried rice and the scallion/seafood pancake.  I also love the chicken dish that Javier always gets.  I had the sweet potato tempura and some other rice dish which I ordered by mistake the last time I was there, but no worries, Gama, you still get a perfect score from me.The first time, Ms. Joey led us there after hookah on that fateful night.  Me and her proceeded to drink THE best L.I. teas ever, hence our current rule - "NO L. I. teas for you, young lady."  Then Javier and I stood and watched (well, he talked, I gazed) as the owner ladled out cups of watermelon soju for us, and now we get a pitcher or two every time we go there.  God help whoever is stupid enough to leave theirs behind for a second, because much like Julie at Sakagura, I go to work when no one else is looking......Really, I crave that stuff in the middle of the night sometimes.The place is really lovely, with cool pictures all over the place, some drawn by the owner's kids, which I think is a really sweet touch.  The bar in front is really cool and the people there are nice and not afraid to make conversation.  The back is very spacious and can accommodate large parties.  They also have a couple of long tables outside in front of the restaurant.The owner is a good soul who is always around.  I think the coolest thing that he told us on that night was that he wanted to take his kids to Costa Rica to learn how to surf.  That touched my heart.
<review# 261,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2012,9/3/2012,548,384,15,16,18>Despite popular belief, New Yorkers are never adamant to welcome the extreme weather conditions allotted to each cardinal point of the solar system, be it deep summer or deep winter. In fact, such natural polarities are met by corresponding activities and treats; be it the ubiquitous sight of city dwellers slurping their bubble-teas in the summer, or the same crowd slurping their ramen or udon noodles in winter.On that note, if you happen to be craving just that on the next freeze-over (which means any day now we hope), you can head out to St. Marks Place, where amongst the myriad of options that abound for Japanese ramen or udon, Kenka stands out for having the unique distinction of being the sole purveyor of cotton candy and bull private parts alongside your ramen order. Yes, that wasn't a euphemism; bull private parts.Since I'm confident you haven't seen many USDA packages of the said phallus at your local supermarket, this is possibly one of the rarest appetizers you can sample alongside your katsu don or ramen. All kidding aside, this Japanese delicacy is served with a very pungent ginger-miso sauce with a mustardish undertone which accounts for most of the flavor, since the genitalia itself tastes rather neutral, kind of like cartilage.If that's your sort of thing, then by all means give it a try, at least to earn bragging rights (of the self-deprecating kind, that is).But if such anatomical parts prove too extreme for your palate and you still want to partake of something equally adventurous, the menu carries yet another item originally designated for reproduction: Turkey balls. Again, that wasn't another euphemism: turkey balls.Of course, Kenka realizes full well that the power of association might prove too jarring for some customers with a delicate taste, and that's why they've installed the cotton candy machines at plain sight, so that you can treat yourself with the sweet puffy stuff just in case you didn't like these overly exotic platters, and to make sure you'll return.Leave it to the Japanese to come up with such amusing juxtapositions.
<review# 262,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2012,9/2/2012,282,158,5,10,7>One rainy Manhattan night, a fellow Florida transplant and I felt particularly homesick; how could we recreate the chill atmosphere of our home state while braving the chill winds of New York? Reading the reviews of the Hurricane Club, I noticed multiple iterations of tropical cocktails ... and thus we hatched the plan to drink our way to a familiar place.Expecting an all-out cheesy tourist trap, I could not have been more pleasantly surprised by the posh upscale ambience. Judging by the menu, the decor, and the name, though, I think the people behind Hurricane Club had trouble narrowing down their regional focus (are there hurricanes in Thailand? I don't think so.). Typically an environment as great as Hurricane Club's comes at the cost of the food, but my friend and I were wowed by everything we ordered. After quickly becoming friends with the two tables next to ours (the beauty of a 10 PM nyc reservation), we can also verify that everything THEY ordered was delicious as well. While a lot of the menu is fried, I appreciated the "healthy" options listed at the bottom of the menu as well as the many fish options. Surprisingly, the filet wasn't bad, either. While I'm definitely more of a foodie than a drinkie, the drink presentation stole the show! The table next to us talked us into ordering The Watermelon (see pic), a not-so-weak fruity punch concoction served in - you guessed it - a full size watermelon with straws to boot! The menu says that it's designed for a table of 6, but my party of 2 had a great time finishing every last drop (though it was not easy).I must make note of the bathrooms. You'll feel like you're going down into a dungeon, but it's well worth it. Make friends with the bathroom attendant standing OUTSIDE. If you look closely, he's guarding a faucet. With just a slight turn, he can have delicious tequila flowing ready to fill the airplane bottles he has hiding behind him.
<review# 263,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2012,9/1/2012,370,309,3,25,9>I've been meaning to write this review for a while and somehow I'm just getting around to it. I've been massaged once by King and twice by Chris, most recently this past Friday, so I think I have a pretty good grasp of their work.First off, I'm not a massage therapist but I'm probably a better judge of a massage than the average person. My grandfather is a massage therapist and he started giving me table massage when I was five years old. I've had professional massages all over the world: five star spas in Hawaii, private homes in Texas, outdoor spas in Thailand, cheapo Chinese joints in NYC, etc. I've had a ton of great massages and a ton of shitty massages.I'm a very active guy; I rock climb or workout in the gym 5-6 days a week. I also work in a hazardous field in which even a slow day can screw up my back. When I develop a persistent problem with my back or neck I always turn to a massage therapist to correct the issue before seeing a doctor; so I expect quite a bit from a massage therapist.Chris and King are exactly what I need. They both excel at their craft and go above and beyond most massage therapists. I've never had a massage therapist sit down with me after my massage to talk about my problem areas and give me advice on what I am doing to cause the problems and how to correct them. That alone is worth the price of the massage. Speaking of the price, it's perfectly reasonable. Yea you can get cheaper massages all over the city but you're not going to find this quality of work for any less.I think it might be time to start buying packages and doing a little preventative maintenance on my back.
<review# 264,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2012,8/31/2012,66,147,7,8,7>I came here with a group of friends and acquaintances on the Ides of March. To be precise, I was dragged here in a cab. I say dragged because when someone flags a taxi and says "47th and 7th" I usually run the other way.I'm so glad I surrendered. This beautiful spot is an oasis of class in the tacky capital of the world: Times Square, NYC. I will definitely be back, and that's saying a lot, considering the location.The thing is, I have to go back to try some of their actual cocktails. Who goes to a cocktail bar and drinks neat Irish whisky and Fernet (at the same time, yes -- but in separate glasses)? Drunk bartenders, that's who... This is a hotel bar; the bathroom is through the lobby, and you have to bring a key card. It's a fun adventure after you've had a few drinks at several different bars! It goes without saying that going to work was super fun and awesome the next day, and my head didn't hurt all day at all. I totally should have bewared the Ides of March.
<review# 265,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2012,8/30/2012,157,490,14,23,23>What do you eat if you're stuck in the Mount Sinai area, tending to a relative? Your trusted yelp app would identify Falafel Express as a 4 star option, though trial should confirm that it is the best value for a 2 star meal (a falafel sandwich, curly fries, and a can of coke for $ 6). Other options include Moustache Pitza, (another two star experience), the "100% Mexican" El Aguila, or the jazzier Taqueria, El Paso that has a full drinks menu. So, what do you do? I went with the saying: "Para Todo Mal, Mezcal, y Para Todo Bien, Tambien". Or, (for everything bad, mezcal, and for everything good, as well.)Mezcal may not be as popular as Tequila, and the tradition may be to drink it straight not with cocktails, but damn, you will get a few fine drinks at El Paso featuring Mezcal including Oaxacan Gold (Cilantro, Pineapple, Mezcal) and Cucumber Smoke (Mezcal, Lime, cucumber, worm salt). The dexterity with which El Paso rounded out the drinks menu including the expected Cerveza, Agua Frescas, Jugos, Sangria, etc. was the first sign that El Paso is not leaving any space uncontested.That's what fascinates me most about El Paso - both as a culinary enthusiast, and as a student of positioning and differentiation. While NYC is liberally sprinkled with Mexican dining options including Taco Trucks, Mexican Delis, Taquerias, upscale chains like Dos Caminos, mass Mexican impersonators like Chipotle, and high end restaurants like Rosa Mexicano, Maya... I've yet to come across a Mexican dining restaurant that can take bite sized chunks from all competitors. Serving a full course of options starting from Nachos (hello Dos Caminos), to Tacos (2 for $ 6.50, not $ 14 as in the Mayas of the world), Cemitas (Puebla style sesame seed buns, Oaxaca Cheese, Papalo, avocado, chipotle pepper, meat) and Tortas (Mexican sandwich bread spread with refried beans, mayonnaise, with lettuce, tomato, onion, jalapeno and avocado) that would compete with dining options at Roosevelt Avenue (but for cleaner seating options, hygiene, and clean bathrooms), and entrees like Camarones a la Diabla, Cecina Asada which compete with finer dining options but without compromising on the flavor and heat level. And, everyone does show up. Diners include groups of ladies (ladies night), couples, families, professionals out for lunch, nearby students, older diners, and span ethnicities as one would hope to see in a city like New York! I've been here at least half a dozen times, and service has been courteous and professional, without being obtrusive. So, this is no Daniel, but waiters would pop up when they would see my glass empty, or to clear my plates. Servers speak English, and so you don't have the issue of authenticity but a language barrier should you not speak Spanish (as in Sunset Park). Still, a word of caution: make sure that your server has understood your order for I've had a couple of instances where I got Salsa Verde, not Roja, and the server got confused whether I wanted the Mariscos soup, or the Mariscos entrée featuring Camarones.Of the items sampled I've loved, loved all the ceviche: Cozumel (wild stripe bass, habaneros citrus, mango, avocado, red onions), Vuelve a la Vida (cocktail shrimp, octopus, crab meat, oysters, cilantro, tomato, onion, and jalapeno chile) and Acapulco. I've also liked the Chilaquiles (Tortilla, green Tomatillo salsa, with onion, sour cream, and cotija cheese), the Quesadillas (with corn truffle), Huaraches... pretty much everything including the aforementioned Cecina Asada and Camarones a la Diabla.Despite the ability to do well across a wide array of menu items at a range of price points, I'm disappointed that none of their desserts measure up. I've tried the bread pudding with banana ice cream, Pastel Mixteco (Chocolate lava cake with sesame ice cream), the Coffee Crème Brulee, and the Tres leches. Only the latter would be worth the indulgence, and sadly bring down your evaluation of what would consistently be a 5 star meal in terms of authenticity, variety, value, execution, and service.  Highly recommended! (4.5 stars)
<review# 266,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2012,8/29/2012,566,339,5,16,3>After living in NYC for over a year and a half, I still had never gotten a haircut here. I go back to California quite a bit, so I always schedule my hair appointments with my trusted stylist and colorist back home. However, I haven't been back home in six months and as a result, my hair has lately looked like I could try out for the Asian version of Tangled 2. On one particularly hot and muggy day in June, I literally could not take the weight of my Rapunzel hair anymore and decided that I had to get a haircut. I had passed by Cutting Edge Salon on numerous occasions and several friends had recommended it to me before so I decided to check the place out on Yelp. There were some really confusing reviews and people seemed to throw out random prices in each one, so I decided to call and put my Mandarin skills to use.To cut to the chase, here's the deal:Make an appointment, but even if you do, you might have to wait for a bit. However, the prices are cheap here so it's well worth the extra 10 minutes. If you go Monday through Thursday, you get cheaper pricing. If you decide to get a randomly assigned stylist, you pay $26 (includes tax, not tip). If you opt to choose a stylist, the haircut will range from $33-$40 depending on who you go with. I think that Kenneth has a premium and might actually be $42 but I'd double check on that. If you didn't realize it yet, this is a fantastic deal. Where else are you going to find a wash, cut and blow out for $26 in the city?! At a place that doesn't look like rats are frolicking around in the shampoo in the backroom anyway.So I decided to leave it up to fate and was assigned Neal. He was very meticulous with my haircut and spent a full 45 minutes cutting and styling my hair. He did a good job working with me to figure out what I wanted and made really helpful suggestions when I didn't have an immediate answer for his questions. The place was closing, but when he heard I was going out to dinner after the appointment, he stayed late to spend more time curling and styling my hair to perfection.One day, I will get an appointment with Kenneth to see what all the hype is about, but for now, I'm really happy with my haircut!
<review# 267,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2012,8/28/2012,75,299,9,10,9>Food Gallery is basically a food court, a fancy one at that. You are first greeted by Red Mango, where you can sample tarty, creamy froyo and serve yourself a delicious and lavish cup of froyo for 59 cents/oz. Then you walk further in and have a variety of choices of Korean/Korean-Chinese/Korean-Japanese foods. The menus are on flat screen TVs mounted above the cash register. You pay at the cash register and bring your food to a table to eat. There are some pre-packaged foods you can purchase as well. The whole place is white and sleek and has 3 stories with plenty of seating. It's a really awesome place to grab a low-key Korean meal!
<review# 268,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2012,8/27/2012,150,313,16,14,12>holy crap. you have not experienced a dive bar until you've experienced The Duck. this place is a true dive without even trying. i'm having trouble putting my experience here into coherent words, so here's a guide to what your first experience will likely be like....-upon entering, you will be confused. yes, there will be what appears to be the remnants of a bar, but there will be no alcohol. no patrons. no bartenders. fear not, my brave comrade--head over to the good humored bouncer sitting by the door in the back, show him your ID, aaaaannnnnnnndddddd......-walk through the doorway into the real bar, and come to realized this place is A BAR WITHIN A BAR. mind FUC!-ladies, you will be greeted with a free shot and a peppy bartender, Cici-drinks were cheap as DUCK!-two words. FIRE HAZARD. wait--you're probably thinking this is a bad thing, but you'll be so trashed that you'll probably just laugh at all of the extension cords/wires dangling around the place, much like we did (i'm sure it's safe though.... BAHAHAHA!...... no seriously, i'm sure it's fine....)-you might, like we did, run into a TV star of the 90s, who will invite you to have a seat with him and chat-you WILL look back at your amazingly fun experience the next day and wonder, what happened? why can't i remember a lot of my time at The Duck? but then your next thought will be, "when am i going back?"
<review# 269,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2012,8/26/2012,400,317,13,22,21>I've been to Murray's Cheese Bar three times since they opened a week and a half ago.* That in itself should be telling. If you love cheese, you need to come here. Simple as that. It's Murray's. It's world class. Tia, the head fromager, is brilliant. I kind of want to just hang out with her and drink wine, eat cheese, and play poker all night.The list of cheeses from which to select is outstanding.** I'd recommend going with four or five of them,*** plus a salad or two, lemony olives, and some grilled artichokes to make this into a perfect meal. If, like me, you are a cheese purist, skip the cooked dishes from the kitchen (at least before the cold weather arrives). The butternut kugel and grilled halloumi, for example, are tasty, but not spectacular. Instead, enjoy your cheeses unadulterated, with the fromager's chosen pairings, such as whole candied walnuts, pickled carrots, and dollops of seedy mustard. Potential weak spot: the pairings aren't quite as exciting as those at Casellula, Tia's former baby, which I still adore, as well. But that's a very small point, with plenty of room for improvement.MCB carries some fantastic and not-typical wines to enjoy with your cheeses. Some are priced high for what they are, but you can choose wisely. My humble suggestions: Malvasia-Trebbiano if you want white, Nebbiolo for red. The staff is lovely; a couple of the servers seem a bit green, but never unpleasant or hurried or condescending. I hope MCB thrives. I know I am doing my personal best to ensure this!---* Despite rain or thunderstorms each night. Despite not living or working in the neighborhood, or having any other pressing reason to be there. Despite not really being able to afford going out to eat this much.** Stand-outs: Vermont Creamery Coupole (buttery, perfect, not too goaty), Pecorino Ginepro (juniper!), Manchego (you know), and Mitibleu (beautiful sheepy blue).*** Someday I might order eight or ten, but I've been limiting myself like a good girl...
<review# 270,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2012,8/25/2012,294,271,11,16,14>What's a veghead doing reviewing a burger business? Well... they claim to have the best vegetarian burger in town.I was here on a weeknight at about 7 PM, and it was so empty that I wondered if I walked into this place before they opened. Also, they had the beheaded and hollowed out body of a chicken just sitting there on the bar. Nice decoration, indeed.Once my dining companion arrived, we moved over to the inner restaurant area - this whole space is quite tiny. Our orders were taken promptly and with a smile, and our waters were kept full through the evening.I got the haus veggie burger, which is this mishmash of walnuts and blackeyed peas (a genius idea i think) with some edam and greens. There was a mention of a pickled something and I was kinda looking forward to the acid, but the pickles were only salty and it left me craving for some tartness in the dish. The beet ketchup, while innovative and quiet delicious, was again less acidic than its conventional tomato counterpart. Nevertheless, the burger made for a solid tasty meal and there is no trace of grease on the fried bread. I really wouldn't have guessed until Steven the owner walked over and reminded us that we're not exactly eating a healthy meal. I loved the buttermilk aioli and the green apple slices on the side were a wonderful complement. My good friend James F. also seemed to really enjoy his burger (just guessing given the state of his plate after he was done). We also shared the halusky fries, but it was not quite soft on the inside as described, just little curly crisp potato bits.Finally, as a final push into a heart attack, we shared a fried nutella filled langos bread, served with jalapeno jam. A pretty unconventional but interesting combination.I loved that Steven likes to do interesting things with the menu, I loved that he stopped by our table several times to chat, seemed like a genuinely nice guy. He makes brunch every weekend for his guests and the menu changes based on what he feels like (and perhaps what you feel like too, if he has ingredients). I'd love to have that kind of casual atmosphere on a lazy saturday afternoon, while munching away on some eggs or pancakes.
<review# 271,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2013,11/18/2013,385,701,15,21,17>Yes, I gave a bubble tea place 5-stars. Why not? An establishment doesn't have to have Michelin stars to impress me. Why do I love thee? 1-For the price of a small sized bubble tea, $3, I get a free upgrade to a large tea. 2-I get to choose up to 3 toppings in my drink that is included in the $3 price! 3-Get a loyalty card because for every drink you buy, you get a stamp on your card. Collect 4 stamps get a medium drink for free.That is why I love BobaLife NYC!!!!
<review# 272,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2013,11/17/2013,318,177,,15,2>The best car service in the city.  $40 flat rate to/from JFK, $30 to/from LGA via East Village.How I came to find Quick Ride was a little like the story of Goldilocks & the three bears. I tried other methods of transportation to and from the airports around NYC, from Uber, to Carmel, Super Shuttle, and some other rando car services I can't even name...I was never satisfied. Either the rates were too high, the time it took to get me places took too long, they were LATE with pickups, or the automobile I was in reeked of cigarettes & B.O. (All true stories, by the way.)Then I found Quick Ride through this trusty website and haven't looked back since.For starters, I don't care that they don't have a website. They don't need one because whatever they're doing works. If you hate talking to people on the phone, there's really nothing to worry about. Whoever is on the other line at Quick Ride is literally 'quick' at taking down your pickup or drop off  info and locking it in the system. I ALWAYS get picked up on time (or even earlier for that matter) and have never been late to the airport coming from my apartment in the East Village - which takes about 45-1 hour at most. They've also been consistent with airport pickups, and if anything are just 10 minutes behind schedule, which I don't mind.Friendly drivers who respect your privacy and never talk too much, always a plus in my book.
<review# 273,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2013,11/16/2013,189,876,1,17,4>When you come here, I think there are a couple things that you have to take for granted: you're going to spend a lot of money, and there is no way you're going to spend an amount that feels a bit high. At least that was my reaction once we got seated in ZZ's, which has a very speakeasy feel to it. You have 9 seats at 4 tables, and another 4 seats along the wall - and that's it. I'm pretty sure a reservation is required regardless of how many people are inside, just given the fact that you have a guy wearing a suit standing in front of the door with (what I presume is) a list of names and spots available - so don't plan on wandering through Greenwich Village to end up here. The service is quick and pretty simple; there are a couple of waiters who bring your dishes as they are prepared. You have music playing at a decent volume in the background, though, so this doesn't come off as a true speakeasy - there were times when I felt the volume the 8 or so of us were generating is more than would be tolerated at a place that really keeps an ear out for the volume.ZZ's, although it calls itself a clam bar, is really more generally focused on seafood - only a few of the menu items are clams (or clam-based). It also focuses on the cocktails, all of which (at least according to the waitress) are original concoctions. The vast majority are based on fruit flavors, and the two that we had (Mango and Strawberry) were delicious. In particular, the mango flavor blended seamlessly with the bourbon to create a drink with a little bite, but not overwhelmingly so, and the giant ice cube that sits in the middle helps to temper the drink as it melts. The strawberry is also really good, with the light flavor of the berry providing a gentle overtone to whatever alcohol was used as the base (I forget what it was), with an herbed finish.The real star, though, has to be the food. I think it's pretty easy to blanche on first glance at the menu - every single menu item is over $15, with some running as high as $100(!) - very expensive, considering that everything here is pretty much an appetizer-style dish, not an entree. If you want to stick with oysters and clams, those are pretty standard price ($3 a pop or so, on average). Before we ordered, we were served an amuse bouche of clam flatbread, which was just so damn phenomenal we asked the waitress if there was any way we could order it (it's not on the menu, and the answer was no - apparently everyone asks). I usually like my flatbreads relatively plain, but the clam had an interesting smoky flavor, and the amount of cheese was just right - creating a bite that makes you wonder how you can get more. Of the other dishes we ordered, I would absolutely recommend two the ones we had: the tuna carpaccio and the cherry trout crudo. I'd love to try the other carpaccio some time (that one comes with beef and caviar), but the tuna is breathtakingly delicious. You have a circle of fresh tuna that's been pounded into thin slices, covered in foie gras and bone marrow and topped off some chives. It is so good - the double whammy of fatty goodness that the foie and marrow provide brings out the richness of the tuna flavor. Plop it on a piece of toasted brioche toast that comes with it, and you have a dish that will make you nearly forget about the rest of the meal. The cherry trout is served up with trout roe and fried leeks. The trout itself is absolutely delicious - very good flavor - but the roe helps provide dashes of saltiness that helps enhance the dish. The leeks also add additional texture and a dash of greasiness that works really well. The golden eye snapper is not as succulent, but the firmness of the fish is a nice change of texture, and it pairs really well with the strawberry (I think?) garnish on top. The uni toast is decadent, as anything with uni should be; I liked the pretzel bread that was used - gives it a bit of an NY feel to the dish. The seared scallop was really good as well - the scallops is sliced up thinly in the shell, but compared to the other dishes, it doesn't quite stand out as much. The oysters (we got 2 of everything) were very good. All are East Coast, so don't expect anything too sweet, but the oysters from freshwater rivers were very interesting - a much more neutral taste than those that came from elsewhere. We finished the meal with key lime pie - a bit overpriced at $15, but immaculately prepared. With a firm crust on bottom, a key lime filling that bites with pinches of sweet tartness, and what looks like a slightly baked meringue on top, it's a classy - and delicious - way of finishing off a phenomenal meal.Yes, this place is expensive - so don't come here if you don't want to overspend a little. But the originality of the place, the decor, and the high quality of the dishes served, makes this a place not to be missed. It's not anything like an Upstate, where the focus is on the mollusks - but it's a spectacular experience in its own right.
<review# 274,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2013,11/15/2013,3042,746,5,17,11>Lovely Literary Collection + Good Reading SuggestionsCozy Intimate, Fantastic Lending LibraryI could hear the voice of someone lecturing in the back room as I perused the store looking at books. Classes, workshops, literary discussion groups. Something about The Center For Fiction felt magical. The lending library seemed to have a robust list of fantastic titles, and the librarian I spoke with seemed quite knowledgeable. Definitely worth paying their membership fees to have access to the entire facility. Would recommend to friends.The Scene: Top Notch, Bibliophiles, Writers, Lit Lovers and MoreDestination Rating: 7 Date Rating: 3 (8 if they're interested in fiction)Hob Nob Potential: 2  (8 if you attend a workshop)Strong Suggestion: If you like reading, stop on by! Make sure you have enough time to take it all in.
<review# 275,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2013,11/14/2013,46,548,13,15,13>This place is amazing. Think Texas bbq meets a burrito. Maybe I just ordered the exact right thing. I've been know to do that. Got a burrito w half brisket half antelope (smoked antelope was their special of the week). Both were awesome with a nice smoked flavor - the antelope reigned supreme - I think the other "stuff" like jalapeños and tomato baste it was sitting in added so much flavor.  There does end up being a lot going in with the burrito once u soup it up, but that's your choice. I'd recommend the guacamole, corn (and perhaps squash) add-on for a dollar. Plus some cheese. Cost me 11.50 but I got way more meat than at a chipotle and it tasted way better and something unique.A few operational suggestions for management:* your water dispenser is very slow - perhaps this is deliberate to steer patrons towards soda etc.  If so, that's genius* the wrapper on burrito is put on inside out - i believe the foil should be on the outside, and the paper should be on the inside.  And now you owe me a free burrito.
<review# 276,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2013,11/13/2013,206,517,10,27,14>We wanted our first day as a married couple to be special, so instead of flying to Tokyo for sushi, we made a reservation at Sushi Nakazawa.  The reservation system is a bit elusive, with only 10 bar seats-- more likely than not you will be sitting at a table out of sight of the famed Jiro Ono apprentice.  We got lucky though and got to sit right in front!  =)The atmosphere is inviting.  There was classical music playing in the background (albeit a little loud), modern decor with a granite counter top, even the swivel bar stools had leather arms and a back.  The spacing between diners was great--- hands down the most comfortable sushi bar experience I've ever had.Nakazawa-san is in a league of his own. He has this magnetic personality that you would not expect from a high end sushi chef.  Most NYC sushi chefs are grumpy-- I don't mind since I respect their craft and their food-- but Nakazawa-san's laugh is intoxicating and he has a really good sense of humor.  His English is also surprisingly good.  I'm not sure if its a result of his time spent in Seattle but we were able to have a coherent conversation and you could tell he was enjoying the interaction and not annoyed by it.  Love it.There is no menu.  It's $150/pp Omakase all the way.  There is a long drink menu but I recommend just going with the $40 sake pairing.  You get 6 glasses of sake with 12? (I lost count because I ended up ordering 5 or 6 pieces on top) pieces of Nigiri and a Toro handroll for $190 before tax/tip. Each additional piece of Nigiri cost about $8/piece.  Expected, so no sticker shock here.  The Sushi is great!  I've written so much about the experience it's hard not to write about the Sushi.  I started out with two pieces of Alaskan Wild Salmon, One smoked one not smoked.  I was expecting these a little further down the line with the usual white fish first but it made no difference.  You'll notice that he chooses quite a few Northwest fish for his lineup.  WA Geoduck, Alaskan King Salmon, etc.  Then came the Chard, Mackarel, Hamachi, etc etc etc.  The pieces that really stand out are the smoked and pickled pieces.  It's all technique here fellas-- the flavors and textures are complex so you'll end up sitting there trying to compare it to something you've had before.  I couldn't put my finger on some of them and I just love that feeling of experiencing something new.   The scallop is such a crowd pleaser-- a little sea salt on top, some citrus and a little poof in your face jalapeno burn with the delicate crunch of fresh scallop.  yum yum.  The toro, uni is what you expect-- ridiculously good although he does not crack the uni open from the shell anymore.  The meal was perfect.  I even bumped into Alex, the owner on our way out.  He was personable and took a picture for us outside the restaurant.  If you can swing it-- I highly recommend you give Nakazawa a try!
<review# 277,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2013,11/12/2013,804,1655,21,22,19>I know I am not supposed to do this (anti-Yelp policy), but...It is like a torrid love affair that you are carrying on and it is explosive and mind-blowing. You want to tell everyone about it, but you can't, the wife will be heartbroken, the husband devastated. This is what I feel when I think about this place. A neighborly place where everybody knows each other, which is cool since we live in a city of 9 million strangers. Excellent fish tacos, and pretty kickass nachos. They have 2 draft beers which include UFO and Harpoon's IPA. Do not miss the spicy watermelon margaritas. Overall, a great night with great friends, and awesome Jane Fonda as Barbarella on-screen. Couldn't have asked for a better Saturday night!
<review# 278,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2013,11/11/2013,1368,622,20,23,18>Oh my god I finally found another restaurant in the Tri-state area that serves a BLOODY CAESAR!!!!Because of that, I love you so, so much Joseph Leonard. Yes my reasons may be material but my love for your beverage is certainly not.What is a Bloody Caesar you ask?Let me put it this way: it's the supermodel sister of the Bloody Mary. This not-so-common brunch cocktail will absolutely rock your taste buds unless you're allergic to clams... which in that case, it will rock your inner intestines. In this wondrous drink you have your typical base spirit and spices but then you add that magical ingredient: clamato. That's right, clam tomato juice. Then for good measure, the rim of the glass is usually lined with Old Bay Seasoning to make it even more addicting.Their version was also served with an oyster on the half-shell on top as well as a bacon-wrapped Brussels sprout. So zesty. So clammy. So freaking good it blows my mind. For my brunch entree, I basically ordered their Eggs Benedict with lobster instead of salmon... which they then charged me $26 for the dish. $8 extra for some claw meat? That seemed like a little too much for the amount of lobster I received on my plate (since come on, I could buy a whole lobster at many restaurants for that much money). Oh well. Although I was a little annoyed with the price, I can't argue with how good it tasted. Everything was so fresh and delicious. The scallion cream on my Benedict blew my mind after it was subsequently blown by my Bloody Caesar! Even the wheat toast with homemade jam was the bomb.Like most popular brunch places in Manhattan, this place can get a little crazy yo. So yeah, for those of you who want a quiet brunch, this is not your scene. Joseph Leonard has that loud, young, claustrophobic environment that New York is oh so famous for.Oh and just so you know, that amazing Bloody Caesar single handedly bumped my review from 3.5 stars to 4. That's the power of clamato.
<review# 279,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2013,11/10/2013,292,166,8,12,7>This place is one of the best soup dumplings in the city. Basically, they serve soup dumplings- dumplings with soupy broth and a meatball inside. Upon initial bite, the soup oozes out of the dumpling and the flavors explode in your mouth. The meatball inside is soft and the dumpling's outer layer is soft as well. The whole dumplings consist of higher quality ingredients. It's competitor, more popular, is Joes Shanghai. Joes is very good as well and vastly famous for their soup dumplings; but I'm confident to say Shanghai Café has better soup dumplings. They dumplings are more flavorful. The dumplings were so kind, I felt so loved, they were good to me.
<review# 280,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2013,11/9/2013,109,267,25,22,23>Fun! I'm so glad I did this - thanks to Yelp's 2013 Bucket List! Sort of a surreal experience, flying through the middle of the air through Manhattan, towards the bridge, and then over the river. Definitely offers a different view of the city - and it's definitely a must-do.Logistics: Not too crowded in the early afternoon on a summer Monday. We got on for free (xfers from taking the subway) which I was pleasantly surprised about. No AC to speak of - but once we were moving the breeze came through and it wasn't too bad. When you get off the tram on Roosevelt Island you'll see an adorable little building surrounded by plants & flowers. Go to here immediately. Inside, there will be a lady who is so friendly & kind that she will restore your faith in humanity. You can buy souvenirs, water, postcards, and get a map of the island. Also, when you put your phone down to dig your wallet out of your bag & subsequently leave it there, she will notice. She will hold onto it for you. She will call your dad & explain that his daughter left her phone at the Visitor's Center on Roosevelt Island (like a moron).When you sheepishly come back for your phone, she will say "I called your dad, I hope that's okay". And she will have made your trip to Roosevelt Island completely worthwhile, and even make you want to return someday.
<review# 281,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2006,10/6/2006,541,1054,5,11,6>There are 3 things I absolutely must have when I am in New York:1/ A REAL bagel2/ Tasty D-Lite3/ A fresh Kosher pickle from World of PicklesYou can understand, then, why I am terribly distraught over the current situation with World of Pickles. W of P is a tiny storefront on 33rd Street just West of Madison, so small you might miss it, except for the big barrels of pickles out front.  I went to get my fix today, and lo & behold, the storefront was still there, but no pickle barrels!  WTF????  I talked to the owner, who is still selling produce, yogurt drinks, and savory snacks.  Apparently he has had to temporarily cease his pickle sales because he was told that as a "restaurant", he is required to install a bathroom in his space.  His space is about 3 feet by 3 feet, no joke.  It is completely ridiculous, like adding a bathroom to a lemonade stand.  I am sad to my very core.  There IS no World of Pickles without the Pickles!  It's just Crazy town without the Pickles!  First, no Santa and then no Pickles.  It's just not fair.You can still order them for shipment or delivery.  He makes about 15 different varieties - my favorites are the New Pickles (fresh cucumbers that have been pickled-lite), Half-Sours, and Hot & Spicy Sours.  Hopefully, World of Pickles will find a way to do business on 33rd Street or relocate.  Please stop by and give your support and tell him that you can't wait to try his delicious pickles. Meanwhile, I will miss the old-world feeling of getting pickles from the barrel on my lunch break.  This was a sad, sad day indeed.
<review# 282,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/31/2006,10/5/2006,37,34,11,11,11>Hey, remember when all you had to do to get a quick meal was drop by the automat with your nickel? You don't? That's ok, neither does anyone else. The first one opened in the U.S. in 1902, if we trust Wikipedia (I don't know - I've been burned before...), and the last existing one closed in 1991. But the automat is back, in the form of Bamn!Damn! What a great revival. The wall holds little compartments with glass doors, see, and you feed your coins (quarters or dollars - there are change machines to the right of the doorway) into the slot and then open the door and take out your food. It's fun! It's easy! It's old! It's new!In addition, it's perfect for hungry sociophobes who don't wish to transact with others. Unless they want fries, or soft serve, or shaved ice. Then we have a problem, Houston. Those items you order from the guys behind the counters - who are really friendly, incidentally, so why not take a risk and give it a go?What? The food? Eh. I'm not so excited. I had the mozzarella sticks, a mini burger, and a breaded mac and cheese roll thing. You could probably do as well with White Castle. All items cost from one to two dollars.So, one and a half stars for the food. Four stars for good service at the counter, and hey, just for being an automat. Final tally: three stars.
<review# 283,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2006,10/4/2006,3314,961,5,9,4>Brace yourself people, this is going to be a long one, for my experience at Dip requires extensive explanation...I want so much to give Dip five stars, but couldn't bring myself to do it for one reason. No, it wasn't the decor...or the service...or the food...it was the nasty little (well actually he was enormous) bouncer named CRAIG, by far the rudest restaurant host I have EVER encountered! (and that is saying a lot since I have been to plenty of trendy-snoot clubs known for denying people at the door for the most temperamental of reasons). My friend and I waited nearly an hour for our table, before he came over and told us it was ready and he was going to make sure it was clean. We paid our tab at the bar, left our seats (which were quickly snapped up on that busy Friday night) and waited, and we waited and waited standing by the bar, for nearly 20 minutes. Where was Craig you ask? Standing at the outside by the front door B.S'ing with some of his friends. I marched over to him and asked, "Is our table clean yet?" He gave me some lame answer about his being mistaken (with NO apology on his part) and said we were 'next' and rudely turned away from me and kept talking. I of course spoke to the other host, Jonathan, who was wonderful and offered to buy us a round of drinks for the inconvenience, personally seeking out a table for us within the next ten minutes.Finally, our table is ready and lo-and-behold, one of my shopping bags  from Zara was missing! Jonathan the nice Host, my friend and I looked frantically for it, only to find it across the room under another patron's chair! After retrieving it myself and having some not-so-kind words with the bag-stealer, we finally sat down, only to have Craig come up stairs and scream in my face about me "accusing" someone of stealing my things. How on earth could my bag end up half way across the room, wedged under someone else's chair in between their things, completely upright? After badgering me, obnoxiously telling me how wrong I was and to (sarcastically) 'enjoy my night' Craig finally left...and our waitress and Jonathan did nothing but apologize for Craig's rude behavior, saying that they get a LOT of complaints about him. YIKES.All this aside, Dip gets four stars for cute decor, great bartenders, commendable damage-control service and delicious food... although the chicken in the Buffalo Chicken Skewers was a little dry, the Tex Mex fondue was absolutely delectable, and the S'mores dessert was to die for!I'll go back, but you bet I will call there and see if Craig is working.
<review# 284,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2006,10/3/2006,11,27,5,4,2>It's hot.... about 98 degrees... Humidity's so high you're sticking to EVERYTHING... relief?  ICE KING!!!!  Yeah, it's all that.   Myself?  I'm partial to peach.  Nothing like a trip to Ice King before hopping on a plane...   Ah shit, I'm gettin all farklempt...
<review# 285,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2006,10/2/2006,276,401,,7,7>Wowee!  I am shocked at how much I loved this place.  From the people who brough you Smith and Wollensky comes a hipper, nicer steakhouse experience.   Decor is butcher shop chic, complete with meathook lighting fixtures, wood block tables and backsplash tile walls.  Dishes I would recommend include the Shellfish bouquet (yeah, that's right!), the flatiron steak with blackberries, the filet three ways (wellington, oscar and au poivre), and the ribeye.  For sides, try the corn souffle and the edamame.  Dessert, oh sweet dessert: try the coffee and donut ice cream and the chocolate hazelnut tart.
<review# 286,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2006,10/1/2006,1916,875,13,15,9>And the Lord said, "Let there be Fresh Direct" and the people of New York saw that it was good!  And there was much rejoicing!  I love Fresh Direct, I really do.  They're good to me and my crazy "i don't actually do anything, yet I have no time to do anything" lifestyle.  i know people don't believe, but it really is cheaper than the grocery store if you're having stuff delivered.  And everyone worries about the produce, but for the most part, it's pretty damn good and fresh.  If you're worried, buy your produce elsewhere, but for normal groceries stuff it's really unbeatable.  I also really do like the pre-prepared stuff.  Their salads are fantastic.  The reason it's not a five-star, though, is that yeah, you do get the occasional bad apple, or burst open yogurt, or cracked eggs, or broken Hummus container.  And yeah, sometimes, they're late and it ruins your plans, but it's a small price to pay for the convenience of "click-click, ding-dong" groceries.  I love me some Fresh Direct.
<review# 287,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2006,9/30/2006,306,253,,5,4>Went there again today. Great experience (as usual)! I've been going to Paul Biase for restorations, repairs, adjustments, purchases, appraisals and advice on fine bowed string instruments for the past 16+ years, now. Every experience I've ever had there has been outstanding, and BELIEVE ME - that is really saying something in the world of NYC string instrument dealers/restorers. As a bassist, I'm always looking for the big 'ol things along with their bows, and Paul's inventory of these gargantuan instruments is not as overflowing as some shops I've been in - BUT - he has there A LOT of great bows and instruments and everything he has in the shop is way top quality. Paul definitely has the proverbial `quality over quantity', and also to tell you the truth, his `quantity' is nothing really to be sneezed at either. Within his collection there's not a dud in the batch - even for the economically challenged. Prices on bows and instruments (corresponding to their relative qualities from the `quite usable' to the `wet-dream-will-sell-a-kidney-for') are extremely fair. Paul is a straight shooter and a Hell of a nice guy who always will make time for you nomatter how busy he might be and will also be patient, expert and fair with you. After having been dealing with him for so many years, I believe that that's just his nature.For repairs and restorations, you'll find none better in Manhattan. Everything Paul has ever done for both my 100+ year old Cremonese and Tyrolean basses, not to mention my many bows, has always been expert and his artistry has always way surpassed my highest professional standards.I'm a bassist, but from hearing from my colleagues, his work on violins, violas and `cellos along with their bows is also masterful. Highly recommended.
<review# 288,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2006,9/29/2006,18,101,8,1,5>Now that TJs is within range, I stopped writing shopping lists. My grocery experience has changed greatly, for the better:I walk there and think "About how hungry am I? How hungry will I be? About how many items is that hunger?" Then I spin in circles and get really dizzy. Finally, I run through TJs grabbing about that many items and throwing them into my cart (trying not to fall down).Sure, it's a little risky, but everything here is delicious and affordable, so it works out pretty well for the most part (other than that time I had to eat pesto sauce on carrots for dinner).
<review# 289,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2006,9/28/2006,32,139,8,3,5>It amazes me that the negative reviews of this classic NYC landmark. Tell me all ye Negative Nellies...you wouldn't happen to be non-native NY'er would you? Out of towners who've lived here for a few weeks, months, years and consider yourself "New Yorkers" now?  Yes, its true...Yankee Stadium is in a not  so pretty part of the Bronx (well...for now....until all the youngins from out of town discover its the last place in the city to get cheap rent and gigantic apartments...East Village and Harlem ringing any bells to you?). Yes, prices are high. But what were you expecting for your $7 BLEACHER SEAT? A luxury skybox perhaps?????Trashy NY'ers? Sweetie say that to my face and I'll show you just how trashy I can be :-)! Yankee stadium is an instution! The greats played here. New stadium? Ha. I don't want a new stadium. I don't want cushioned seats. I want to be 99 miles above the stadium, feeling like i'm going to tumble down at any second. I want the rumble of the subway going by. I want to look out across the stadium at monument park and think about all the history that place holds. The World Series that have been won (and even lost) within those mighty walls. To all of you naysayers, I say sit down, shell out your $7 for a beer (or is it $8 now?) and $5 for your tube of meat byproduct in bread colored styrofoam and shut the F$%K up...or better yet...go to a Mets game and leave the real fans in peace.
<review# 290,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2006,9/27/2006,42,138,6,5,6>Everyone has talked about the steak and the tomato and onion, so I won't repeat that here.I will say that the schlag (homemade whipped cream for dessert) deserves special mention.  I think it's 1000 calories per spoonful, and next to impossible to eat after gorging on their steak, but it is worth it!You need a pound of $20 bills to get a pound of steak there, but it is worth it--at least once in your life.  You don't want to regret never having been there.
<review# 291,isUSA=TRUE,2.0,9/4/2006,10/27/2006,632,224,15,6,8>I thought Manolo Blahnik's were a b*tch to walk in, but United Nude brings a whole new meaning to Elephantitis and murderous PAIN.  Terra Plana was having a shoe sale: 1 pair for $50, 2 for $75, 3 for $100.  So the Immelda sisters and I essentially bought out the entire inventory.  I liked the design concept of the 'Mobius' High -- ultra modern art and aerodynamic with an open heel, a "band where a single strip is, at once, the sole, heel, foot-bed and upper."   Tragically, these were NOT made for walking.  Art is to be admired, not squeezed into and used for hobbling all over LES for 6 hours of boutique shopping.  Just call me Sasquatch.  Or stupid.  *tears*  Alfred, draw me up an ice bath!
<review# 292,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2006,10/26/2006,226,449,6,10,7>Two words: HOT CHOCOLATE.And not just any hot chocolate. The best hot chocolate in the world. Hot chocolate that you'll drink even when it's 100F outside. Hot chocolate that you'll walk 80 blocks for. Hot chocolate that serves as a meal. Hot chocolate that makes life worth living. Although I find the actual cafe atmosphere to be somewhat sterile (I don't like the tall tables in the middle of the room - they seem out of place), I find the selection of chocolate delicacies to be better than any confection outlet in the city. My favorite is easily the dark chocolate with lemon. It tastes like fresh-squeezed yellow citrus segments inside of that delicious chocolate shell. Just incredible. And the squares of white, dark and milk chocolate with a candied almond, ginger and pistachio on the top are just genius. Always pick up a bag of those before you check out. They're totally worth it. I have a friend who drinks a cup of JT hot chocolate each and every day and she's the healthiest person I know. The JT Elixir. Get some now.
<review# 293,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2006,10/25/2006,219,850,3,4,8>Went here for the first time last night to meet a new friend of a friend. It wasn't a date, per se, but apparently A. neglected to tell S. that I was currently seeing someone. Regardless, any awkwardness passed quickly, and we spent several hours getting to know each other -- and enjoying Burp Castle's wide array of Belgian (and other) beers.I tried two: the Grotten brown and the Duvel. The Grotten was the best... smooth, rich, and slightly creamy. Also tasted like it had a higher alcohol content. And the Duvel? I've had Duvel before, and it was a nice end to the evening, a slightly lighter note to cap off the Grotten brown.Not sure what S. ordered, but one was a lambic. She seemed to enjoy it.If you like to explore various beers, go for the extensive beer list alone. They keep the bottles downstairs, and you have to order a little in advance so the building's super -- the guy who brings up the beer -- doesn't have to make too many trips for the people you're drinking with.Melissa the bartender is also interesting and friendly. We talked about flower essences and Regina Spektor. On a Wednesday night, the place wasn't too busy or crowded, so the bar was quite comfortable. Worth going to midweek!
<review# 294,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2006,10/24/2006,108,284,3,4,2>Went here for dinner this week. I very much enjoyed the butternut squash puree, mixed green salad, and the mushroom ravioli. The ravioli also had potatoes and roasted tomatoes on top, which I enjoyed, because it meant that the mushroom taste wasn't overwhelming. My bf enjoyed his skate. Our waiter was just "ok". It took over 40 mins for our food to come and we felt he pretty much ignored us the whole time. Afterward, we were wondering why our waiter seemed to not like us! Other than that, we both enjoyed our food very much.
<review# 295,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2006,10/23/2006,0,0,4,8,3>I used Shleppers too girl and it's true!  They were super hot Israeli men!  They gave me low estimates AND I only had to pay the quoted price.  They were sweet, honest, and HOT!  Loved it!!
<review# 296,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2006,10/22/2006,0,0,2,9,8>I second the comedy show being F***ing Awesome!  This black albino comedian who was on Conan O'Brien like a month ago (he's in a million films too) is there nearly every week watching or performing.  The whole thing is so surreal and hilarious.  Comedy at Bar None!
<review# 297,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2006,10/21/2006,45,134,9,6,10>so, i'm writing a review of saks for one reason - i needed to share this with as many people as possible - remember that scene in bridget jones' diary when the guy runs out into the street yelling "a fight, a real fight" and hugh grant and colin firth go through a window? yeah, well, we're at saks and baam! boom! there's a total derek zoolander/ hansel walk-off, cat walk, model-off, on the 7th floor between the premium denim and shoe department - totally impromptu, just everybody gathered around, and employees, customers, etc. had a fashion walk-off..."a random walk-off!"...that is saks nyc - it's hip, it's cool, it's people in-the-know excited and interested in fashion, music, etc. and it's where u at least wanna research what you wanna buy...they launched d-squared in nyc, they still have the best range in denim (expect to pay more though), and you'll see the staff out at industry parties and events.   Andrew in men's denim, and Marco in men's suiting - they'll hook u up...
<review# 298,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2006,10/19/2006,482,428,7,7,8>Dirty? CHECKNo white people inside? CHECKWaiters screaming at each other, orders being yelled back to the kitchen? CHECKOld lady walking around looking as if she owns the place? CHECKOK this must be the place we will find good Pho.The broth is great, the fixin's are fresh and the chicken is grilled(?) Three of us had Pho Ga, an order of summer rolls and Chinese broccoli with steamed rice for $28 out the door! The cheapest meal I've had in NYC and by far the most comforting.It was the first time trying Viet food for my girl posse and they both loved it. I told them it was as about authentic as it gets. I just left out the fact that the most of the staff was speaking Cantonese!BTW they close PROMPTLY at 10pm!
<review# 299,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2006,10/18/2006,16,147,6,3,4>If you happen to split a cab with me after a few drinks one night, you'll notice that it won't actually go to my 'home' but rather to the corner of 8th and 38th.   Here's where I begin my hangover abatement program with a couple dogs (w/ mustard) and a tasty fruit beverage. Plus their 'special' is only $2.75 ($0.20 cheaper than Papaya Dog.)
<review# 300,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2006,10/17/2006,21,117,10,4,5>smallexpensiveover crowded at times..BUT SOO FUCKING TASTY **drools**ive never eaten them sober...but thats besides the point...go there drunk or sober..try the many sauses...you'll love it...i like the wasabi mayo...
<review# 301,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2012,6/26/2013,768,644,7,15,9>The same big, gay ice cream concoctions. But bigger, and possibly gay-er storefront! Which is an awesome thing of course, because now I can have my big, gay ice cream even in the dead of winter because this WV location has seating inside!What's also great is that they offer additional soft serve flavors (besides chocolate and vanilla) that apparently change weekly. The coconut I sampled was surprisingly light and subtle in flavor, and the hazelnut brownie sounded totally decadent. I really like that the staff at this location are very attentive and eager to tell you about their concept and explain everything on the menu, as well as offer little sample cups of their different flavors if it's your first time visiting. Personally, I think I still prefer the ice cream at the original location just a tad more. I'm not sure if it's the new machines here or the actual ice cream base, but the soft serve comes out just a little fluffy and not as creamy as what I'm used to from the EV store. The American Globs (my favorite cone) I got here also had a slightly excessive pretzel to soft serve ratio, which left me literally digging inside the hard chocolate and pretzel shell to get to the vanilla soft serve. It was also very saddening to leave quite  a large chunk of the chocolate and pretzel shell uneaten - just because the sheer quantity of it got a little overwhelming. All that aside though, I still love BGIC and will certainly be back very soon!
<review# 302,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2013,6/25/2013,121,143,8,14,9>Here's a shout-out to a neighborhood bar that I probably wouldn't have known about had I not live out here.Located in Bronx neighborhood of Kingsbridge off the 231st Street stop on the 1-train."We have the best burgers in town!"A claim advertised on the front of the bar and certainly does not disappoint. Walking past this place, I wouldn't have even throught to stop in here for a beer, let alone a burger. But I am glad they posted that sign and I am glad I decided to put their claim to the test.These aren't pre-made frozen patties but handmade freshly ground beef. Piper's Kilt has about a dozen DELICIOUS 8 oz burgers with fries range which won't burn a hole in your wallet at $7.95 to $9.95, or you can supersize them Broadway style (10 oz) for only $2.00 more.And for an even better deal, come here on Tuesday where burgers are half-price all day. You just need to try them all.Steak Sandwich on Garlic Bread with grilled onions and fries - $10.95There are not many places that I've been to that do a good job at steaks but I definitely recommend their Steak sandwich (featured above) for $10.95 which I ordered medium rare was delicious. Not many places understand the difference between well-done and medium rare but Piper's Kilt does.If its drinks that you need, standard pints are about $6 or grab a pitcher of Coors Light for $11 or a Blue Moon or Sam Adams one for $17.They also have daily specials:Mondays: .30 cent Buffalo Wings all day (11:30am-12:30am)Tuesdays: Half-priced burgers all day (11:30am-12:30am)Wednesday: Ladies Night: Half-priced drinks (7:30-11:30pm)Thursday: Latin Day: New Latin items all day.Fridays: Happy Hour Special - $20 Open Bar including Free Hot Buffet (4-6pm or 5-7pm)Weekends: Double Brunch Special (12-3pm or 3-6pm)Are you a Yankee or Rangers fan? Come down to the bar and watch the game on one of the many televisions throughout the bar.All in all, I highly recommend checking out Piper's Kilt. Every time I've gone I've had really positive experiences. The bartender and wait staff are extremely welcoming, friendly, and genuine.
<review# 303,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2013,6/23/2013,3180,1035,14,19,17>"Be careful, it's extremely hot."   - our servers each time they brought out a plate of food.I always like to hear this when eating out. There's nothing worse than getting some lukewarm food, and everything we got that was supposed to be served hot was piping hot, very fresh, and extremely delicious.The food here is incredible. They start you off with the Complimentary Ciabatta with whipped blue cheese. I started to wonder why it was taking awhile for the bread to come out, but when it finally did, I realized it was because they were baking it fresh, and it was well worth it. This was some of the best complimentary bread I've had recently.For starters, we got the Caramelized Chicken Wings ($7), which were pretty good, though I'm not really into chicken wings so much. We also got the House made Refrigerator Pickles and Butter Roasted Peanuts ($5). This was the only mild disappoint out of everything we ordered. The pickles were actually quite refreshing to offset all of the fried, heavy stuff, but the peanuts were not great - they were surprisingly flavorless and could have used some salt.But the main entrees and sides are where this place really shines. We got the Cherrywood Burger ($21), which is really just a fancy Big Mac. This is the only time I think I've ever seen a double burger at a fancier place, and it was delicious. The best part of this dish though was the side it came with, the French Fry Ends with Bacon Crumble. This was a genius alternative to the typical side of regular fries. It's served in a little that you should get a spoon to scoop up, to get a salty, delicious mouthful of those fries and bacon. So good. If you don't get the burger, make sure you order this as a side.For the other entree, we got the Eel Stuffed Chicken (!) ($26). I've definitely never seen such a thing before, and it was amazing. Eel and chicken, together at last. At first glance, it just looks like some really good chicken with some deliciously crispy skin. But then once you cut into it, you realize there is a very generous layer of deliciously buttery eel stuffed between the chicken and its skin. This dish comes with a small side of pretty tasty vegetables, but the real way to go is to order the side of Bone Marrow Clay Pot Rice ($8). As I mentioned above, everything here is served nice and hot, but I actually managed to burn myself on this dish (but that's a good thing). This was a very generous portion of piping hot sticky rice with some bits of bone marrow scattered on top. This was the perfect complement to the deliciously rich chicken and eel.As usual at places that happen to be very good, even though we were extremely stuffed, we just had to get something for dessert since everything else we ate was so good. We opted for the interesting sounding Crunch and Munch Crumble Pie ($10). This was a hot, gooey, very satisfying pie, with a buttery crispy crust. My only complaint is that there wasn't enough of it. Also, it could have used a nice side of ice cream to offset the heat and extreme sweetness of the pie. But still, this was an awesome dessert and I would happily get it again.The atmosphere in here is very nice too, and the service is impeccable. This place is great, and I hope they take off and get the success they deserve with such good food. I will definitely be back soon to try the ribs, which everybody else here seemed to be getting and which looked just as delicious and satisfying as everything else we ate here.
<review# 304,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2013,6/22/2013,282,158,7,13,8>Food: 5 StarsService: 5 StarsAmbience: 5 Stars at dinner ... though this rating declines as the night goes on and the spot turns into more of a clubThe newest player on the New York "is it a restaurant or is it a lounge?" scene, Manon surpassed our expectations on every level. Our night at this just-opened-hotspot began with drinks at the bar before our 10PM dinner and parlayed into cocktails at a table in its downstairs lounge. I make no guarantees as to the type of crowd Manon will attract once the soft openings wind down and Manon finds its groove, but speaking for last night alone, I hope it sticks around.To enter Manon - even just to go to the bar - you must give the doorman the name of the dinner reservation. The lounge / bar area is nothing short of cool. Imagine exposed bricks and a dark, dimly lit intimate space looking directly at a bar that is illuminated with bright red and blue neon lights. The cocktail list does not actually have a single mention of alcohol, instead choosing to describe its custom-created libations by their scents and essences. An odd concept, but one that produced great results for all of my friends, thanks in part to the help from a very knowledgeable bartender.The dining area is upstairs, and a host carrying our cocktails escorted us through the back hallway and up the elevator to our table. The first thing diners see is a huge, beautiful chandelier. While the music and chatter is certainly lively and buzzing (think MPD a year and a half ago), you're shielded from the downstairs lounge area. In fact, it wasn't until we finished dinner that we realized that the area had turned into a club.We began our meal by splitting the Hamachi, which tasted fresh and airy and was a perfect start. I ordered the dorade (the chef's specialty), which came out in all its glory - with the skin and head - but de-boned and stuffed with amazing fresh dill. We also split the Brussels sprouts, which were divine, albeit the honey butter made them a bit more gluttonous than they normally would be. My friends raved about their duck and cod, both of which I sampled and can highly recommend. As we finished dinner, the manager offered us a table at the downstairs lounge, which had certainly gotten much more crowded (although they limited the crowd so we never felt too crammed like many of the spots down the street). The music began with Rhianna, but as it switched into house, we started to get a bit bored. Compared to other meatpacking joints, I'd say the crowd was a bit older and classier, although "classy" tends to digress with the time on the clock no matter the crowd.
<review# 305,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2012,6/21/2013,513,164,4,7,7>Why am I at a random hotel bar in midtown on a random weekday when I'm neither staying at said hotel or have no need to be in this area? A Croque Monsieur sandwich, that's why.A few years ago I came here post-Broadway with a group for libations and noshes when I ordered their now infamous-in-my-book sandwich. I have no idea what magic lies in the egg wash or what they do to their beschamel but it's seriously the best sandwich I have ever had in this city, so much so that maybe once a year I come back just to have this as I did last week. Fluffy, white slices of artisan bread dipped in batter and fried just golden brown with ham, applewood bacon, and soft melty cheese oozing out the sides. It's heaven.Cafe Nicole is a beautiful, softly lit area that you have to ride the elevator up to get to. The bar is quite small, but the lounge area seats a decent amount of patrons but it's usually just chock full of European tourists and  a few solo businessmen usually chattering nonstop into their mobiles over gin and  tonics. It is quite overpriced for drinks as one would expect a hotel bar in midtown to be, but even Bryant Park's outdoor bar serves cheaper cocktails than here.This is sort of a half-assed review  I'll admit, since the only thing I have consumed in about 6 visits to this place are overpriced glasses of white wine, diet cokes, and this sandwich. However, if anyone happens to be reading this who is planning on going there, I'll tell you this: Just get the Croque, you won't be disappointed.
<review# 306,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2012,6/20/2013,119,442,4,21,4>DIGITAL PERM 101Oz Hair Salon is located in Koreantown on the 2nd floor of an office building. Salon setting is clean, offering the basics and with a super nice staff on hand. I came way of Oz via a recommendation of a fellow Elite member. My stylist was Anne. Having several perms in my lifetime, this was my first digital perm experience. Bring a photo with you, as there is a slight language barrier.STEP 1Hair wash with shampoo only to rid of oil and products in your hair.STEP 2Hair cut here, if you want it.STEP 3Protective ear covers are applied. Hair is divided into sections. Thick conditioning treatment is lather to your hair, covering every single strand, avoid the scalp. The your hair is wrapped in plastic, loosely. The chemical smell can be overwhelming at times. After 20 mins, my hair is checked for flexibility. It was not elastic enough, so back in the plastic wrap for another 10mins.STEP 4The thick conditioning treatment is washed out. Go to the bathroom now, this is your only break.STEP 5The rollers. If you've had a perm before, it is pretty much the same process: hair is parted in small segment, the ends are covered with two thin sheets of paper, hair is rolled up. The difference with the digital perm is that the rollers are then wrapped in thick cotton fabric and bond with a rubber band. After the hair are in curlers, each curler is individual "plugged-in matrix style" to the machine.STEP 6Additional think cotton fabric is placed in between each rollers so that it does not touch the scalp. Then the machine is set to heat and thus begins the "curling" process. The rollers got too hot for me, so it was turned down a notch and cold air was blown at my head for a bit. After 20min, my hair was checked and the heat process was done, the roller unplugged.STEP 7The cotton fabric on each roller is removed, but the cotton fabric between each roller providing the barrier to your scalp remains. The rollers cool for about 15min.STEP 8With the rollers still in, a U-shape basin is placed on your shoulders, the thick cotton fabric is removed, and a tube of cotton is wrapped around your head. A second chemical treatment is poured into each roller. The chemical takes another 20min.STEP 9The rollers are then removed and the hair is washed again.Step 10With the digital perm now complete, comes the drying time. The stylist will part the hair in larger segment, twist it and blow dry the hair.  This takes about 15min. Once the hair is dry, use fingers to separate the curls and you're done.I was offered tea and water during this entire process. Service was friendly and professional. I'm still getting used to my perm and it is a bit too curly for me. So I'll give it another week to see how it finally settles down.
<review# 307,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2013,6/19/2013,182,150,6,12,9>So I went back to Club A this past friday after scoring another Groupon deal. Thank goodness for Groupon b/c it helped confirm that I am indeed in love w/ Club A Steakhouse. From the minute we stepped inside where we were greeted by a lovely hostess, and then brought to our table right in front of the fireplace (as was requested and so kindly met) by Bruno- the owner, we were again in love. The downstairs room in which we were sat was a beautiful red, with many black and whites on the walls and a warm fireplace at the end. It reminded me of Strip House but better!Overall, the service was great. Our waiter was attentive, friendly and courteous, and everyone that brought our food or serviced us in other ways was extremely professional and personable. The food (2 filet mignons - 1 medium rare and 1 medium, mac & cheese, garlic fries, bacon and calamari) were all extremely good, and we were both happy that our steaks were cooked to perfection. Being a steak lover, there's nothing more annoying than ordering a medium rare steak only to get it medium. At Club A Steakhouse, though, they did it just right.After this second visit, I believe that this will now be our go-to steakhouse. It's classy, tasty, friendly, warm, not too loud, and everything else that I could want when I want a nice, intimate steak dinner. Bonus points to for them allowing you to bring your own bottle! They have a nice selection of wine, but since the hubby and I have grown quite the collection of nice wines, we figured we'd bring our own and make it feel that much more special.Thanks Club A for a wonderful friday night and for being everything that we could ask for.
<review# 308,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2013,6/18/2013,243,321,10,21,9>There are two things that are abundantly clear.1) The Tokyo fish market is a surreal place that must be visited at least once your life.2) The airline industry is out of control and makes #1 very difficult.Lucky for NYC, there is a restaurant that brings the same quality, traditions, and experience of a real fish-market-side restaurant to Midtown.  Just to be clear, this isn't your 50% off sushi joint from Brooklyn, so don't expect to get away with a $30 check. My bill for 2 at the end of the night was more than I spent for dinner at Morimoto. Nevertheless, this was unlike any other Japanese dining experience I've had, Morimoto included, and that experience fits the bill like a glove.For a genuine experience, you will want to get a place at the bar where you food will be served out to you on a long paddle by a team of chefs who sit on their knees awaiting your order. There is an extensive drink menu, but the one I recommend is the lychee martini.  Plan on ordering at least 2. There is also a nice selection of soju and sake.  I also recommend starting out with a sushi roll or two. I can honestly say without a single 1/1000 degree of exaggeration that this is the freshest and the best tasting sushi I have ever had. Second best was in Aruba. This was the best.  First best.  I think by now, you are seeing why you can't just order one of something. For my entree, I ordered the sea bass. I was expecting a big entree plate with some jasmine rice, side of veggies, and the fish. Nope. Close your eyes and put yourself in the Tokyo fish market.  You point to a fish, they salt it, stick it on a skewer, and broil it. No heat lamps.  Fresh fish turned into broiled/cooked fish, on plate, coming to a paddle near you. Surreal - presentation, taste, experience, everything. And it's simple.  No complicated flavor infusions or molecular gastronomy here.  A meal at Inakaya would not be complete without an order (or two) of green tea mochi, freshly pounded on premise with a side of real red beans and vanilla ice cream. It's safe to say that I'll be back here again before I take a trip to Tokyo, unless the airline industry eases up or I win the lottery.
<review# 309,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2013,6/17/2013,318,177,3,7,6>Seriously could not be happier with my new Warby Parker specs & overall experience at this location.First off, I had no idea WP existed in soho, let alone their actual headquarters. The space is ultra trendy, clean, and thoughtfully designed/organized. The showroom is smaller than one in the meatpacking but it does not get as hectic so there's plenty of room to walk around, try on some glasses, and have an associate at your side when you need him/her.Their collection is fantastic, super fashionable, and AFFORDABLE. I bought frames for $95 and added "ultra thin index lenses" (for the non-coke bottle look, since my prescription is so high) for $30, totaling to $125. For glasses. It's unreal. You can't even get that price at a Costco.Glasses ship in exactly 7 business days which is just the cherry on top of an excellent eyewear service.Definitely going to "splurge" on another pair since I'm thrilled about the ones I'm wearing now & of course, when you buy a pair WP gives a pair to someone in need (see how it works: warbyparker.com/do-good#…). All the more reason to come back.
<review# 310,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2012,6/16/2013,245,103,,14,8>I have been here a lot. This is one of my favorite bars in the West Village. The bar is decorated in an eclectic homey way. Old wooden picture frames, candles, mason jar vases, and a nice brick wall with hanging window panes. I love the decor here. The place is welcoming and warm. The style of seating is shared, and often times you will be sitting at a large communal booth with other bar goers. I like this. The food menu is small, but the grilled cheese is mighty. The bar menu is typical (though they do have a pretty impressive craft beer selection), the service is average. This place is always crowded, so coming early is key if you want a seat of a place. The crowd is laid back 20 somethings. Great place for  a date, to hang with a group of friends, or to hit up for happy hour. If you come here too late though, it can get too crowded.
<review# 311,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/26/2010,10/6/2011,2947,2195,23,32,29>Inexpensive, filling, and tasty. Sounds about right for NYU.Cafetasia sits in the shadow of NYU's Cantor Film Center. If you've never been, it's easy to overlook the place, as there's no gaudy signage outside. Not sure if their name is a play on "Asian Cafeteria", but communal tables - complete with benches full of students - kind of hint at that. "Floating" candles are a little eerie - yes, Hogwarts-style - but after a couple of drinks, you won't be freaked out.They've got a bargain of a happy hour from 4-7 PM daily. With ten minutes to spare, we made sure to take advantage of their happy hour specials, along with their dinner special (appetizer, entree, and drink). I scarfed down a serviceable Thai basil with beef, a bowl of tom yum goong (pretty lackluster stuff, but I didn't taste dishwater), and had a glass of house wine and some sort of frou frou drink that got me where I needed to be.Four drinks, four plates, for not a lot of cash. Score.
<review# 312,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2011,10/5/2011,262,613,12,17,15>Indulging in a food centric vision of the afterlife, I can easily see an eternity at Del Posto as a reward for having led a life of trying new cuisines, writing  helpful reviews and being an elite yelper. And I'd gladly order from the five course menu again and again, an eternal recurrence of the same exceptional experience that marked my recent birthday.Instead of being welcomed to the pearly gates by St. Peter, I was instead (literally) asked  by the legendary Lidia Bastianich how my meal was, who happened to be dining about 15 feet away from our table as she made the rounds.Was this a test? Failure to properly answer results in an eviction from paradise where I must forever make my own meals and never dine out again?I mustered up my courage and replied that everything was excellent and that I really enjoyed her shows. A gracious nod, thank you and smile and heaven on a plate resumed.So Del Posto is a Bastianich-Batali joint, a massive restaurant in the Meatpacking District that literally means 'instead of'. (Thanks google translate...which is apparently entirely off. "The Place" is more like it.)There's no a la carte ordering from the menu. You'll either order from the $115 five course or $145 seven. The man entrusted to explain our menu items was a passionate purveyor of culinary information, venturing into the origins of our food, preparation and other details that was music to my ears. Fine dining meet Wikipedia and I loved it.This is the kind of restaurant where your napkin is changed by a staff member equipped with napkin removing tongs. And if you need to get up and use the restroom, someone quickly swarms by to inch the table out so you don't have to.I started with Lidia's Lobster Salad. Light lobster flavors for the summer supplemented by tomato and celery, this was an appropriate start to an epic meal. My wife had a plate of prosciutto di parma as her antipasti which I gladly assisted in devouring.But my most enthusiastic discovery was the application of a lardo spread to bread. Butter, my  friend, your days are marked as the topping of choice. Pure fat, pure decadence and pure tongue flavor explosion.Up next were the pasta plates. Each person chooses a plate which is presented to both people dining. I opted for the ricotta pansoti with Green and White Asparagus & Black Truffle Butter. Pansoti best resembles a ravioli and literally means 'little belly'. My belly became a bigger one after relishing the sheep's milk ricotta filling. This was a rich pasta dish but fortunately the portion wasn't overwhelming. Up next was my wife's pick of spaghetti with Dungeness Crab, Sliced Jalapeno & Minced Scallion. You could definitely experience the heat of jalapeno with this dish. I also enjoyed the minced scallion, adding a crispiness to experience that I hadn't experienced before while eating spaghetti. My main course was an order of baby lamb alla Romana, Garlic Yogurt with Ceci & Swiss Chard Ragu. A milk-fed lamb between six and eight weeks old I'm sure this would be a target of a PETA campaign. Ethics aside, this was some of the most tender lamb I've ever experienced, offering no resistance while chewing. The ceci (chickpeas) and chard ragu were the perfect complement to this particular meat. Having survived four courses and nearly full, I was relieved to see that my Butterscotch semifreddo, Sour Cherries, Preserved Melon Agrumata, Crumbled Sbrisolona & Milk Jam was not an overpowering mass. The dessert may be semi frozen but it was all good as I savored each spoonful. We were also given a box that included two small italian donuts, a caramel with edible rice wrapper, lollipops and a few other tiny sweet treats.Nearly three hours later, it was finished.For a special occasion dining experience, Del Posto exceeded my expectations. You don't go here for a typical red sauce experience but for fine Italian dining meets French presentation and service. This was a stellar gift that my wife gave me and I am eternally grateful.
<review# 313,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2011,10/4/2011,142,338,,17,15>At Cafe Kiev, courses are the most important part. Bring a bunch of friends, move the tables together, and order as much as possible. I was lucky enough to be dining with one Ukrainian for this meal and a few other friends, so we let him do the ordering and settled in for a good night. Three hours later we were practically needing to roll ourselves down Kings Highway when we left.The small dining room just off the main road is trying hard to be trendy and sleek, but fails just enough (in a very awkwardly good way) to make you feel comfortable for your home-cooking. The odd color scheme, glass chandeliers, maps of Kiev and Ukraine, and various random art, as well as tables of Russian and Ukrainian-speaking groups make this a legitimate excursion spot even before you look at the menu.The order seemed a tad strange, but I present the meal as it was presented to us.COURSE #1:Solenya ($3.95) and bugenina ($5.95). The solenya is a grouping of cabbage and onions and pickles, really just a way to get your mouth warmed up.The bugenina was listed on the specials board, so I was a bit surprised to see it come out on the first round. It is a cold dish though, and is served with some very special "Russian wasabe," a beet and horseradish mixture that really added a nice pop to the slices of pork.#2:As we were finishing up the first dishes, two more arrived in the form of the fresh cabbage and cucumber salad ($3.50) and the salad olivie ($3.95). The former looked amazing but had a bit less taste than expected. Never fear, a dash of salt and pepper and a squeeze of the lemon was zest enough. I think it could have stood a more liberal sprinkling of dill as well.The olivie was a very familiar taste, like a potato salad and egg salad in one. It was thoroughly laced with mayonaise, but not overwhelmingly rich somehow. The Ukrainian amongst us commented that it was like eating another family's olivie, simply saying it was not like mom's. We all sort of tasted it and probably were a little afraid to admit our pleasure seeing as how "low class" we might have felt, but the dish disappeared quite rapidly nonetheless.#3:The third round was devoted to soups, and we sampled three. The first to arrive was the kharcho ($3.95), which I overheard described simply with "It needs more crap in it." Dark red broths usually lead to amazing results, so I think all of our expectations were built up very high. The soup is good, but definitely the weakest of the three given how good it can be.A definite winner was the frikadelki ($3.95), a chicken meatball soup with an excellent thin broth. The firm meatballs were good for cutting up and sharing, eating alone, or with the broth. If it were my bowl, I would have even gone so far as to place a big dollop of sour cream inside of it.Luckily, I was able to do just this with the third soup we sampled, borshch ($3.50). This was my hands-down favorite of the round, and had me smiling from its not too beet-y but just beet-y enough deliciousness. This general good mood lasted for a nice digestive intermission before the next foods started arriving.#4:Things started getting real serious the moment our two plates of vareniki ($5.95 w/meat, $5.50 w/potatoes and mushrooms) arrived. These little guys were the real deal, nothing like you will find frozen and thawed in hipster Eastern European restaurants in Cobble Hill.Although the cabbage was a bit soggy (an unfortunate consequence of not making them right when ordered), the golubtsy ($5.95) were otherwise spot on, bursting with flavor unlike any other restaurant-bought version. These stuffed cabbage rolls were very good.Our final entree was the meat cutlets ($6.95), two beef-veal-chicken patties served with buckwheat. This is not actually an accompaniment option, but we had an insider who asked for it instead of the available home fries, mashed potatoes, or rice. This made for a far more interesting dish.#5:With no room in our stomachs left, the table made the bold decision to order more. Out came an odd rendition of baklava and a nice pancake dish served with strawberries and bananas (below). The edges of the pancakes were nicely crispy, something I had never seen before.Even if you do not order dessert, go ahead with a pot of tea, which is served like you see it below, with sugar, lemons, and a bowl of sour cherries. These cherries are good for eating alone or with the pancakes, but also are traditionally dropped into the tea themselves. The syrup of them sweeten the tea enough so you don't need the sugar cubes, which are not supposed to go into the tea, but rather held between the teeth as you drink so that the tea passes through it.The whole ensemble and process of this tea time was very rewarding and felt good. We ended up prolonging our stay by at least 30 minutes because of it. As we poured second and third glasses, we were told stories of the golden gate of Kiev and the horse chestnut, the city's official flower.
<review# 314,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2010,10/3/2011,334,317,6,13,12>Unmarked from the outside, I was drawn in by the soft yellow glow of the lights inside. The entire venue is slick, romantic, 1940's Paris- with a simple art deco bar and plenty of glossy leather tufted banquettes and booths to accommodate your ever growing party going posse. The cocktail menu is pretty sweet: * The Pomme cocktail is crisp and refreshing with autumnal hints of apple. * The Gibson Martini - Smooth with bright cocktail onions and peppercorn.* A bunch of delightful champagne cocktails, such as the St Germaine Fizz, the Kir Yvette (with violets and hint of lemon) and The Dakota, from Harry's Bar in Paris (white peaches and champagne, oui merci!)* Refreshing Aquavit to cleanse your palette between Chartreuses straight up and your next fine cocktail.* Mon Préféré: The Pink Russian! This is the classy, girly version of my favorite cocktail, the White Russian. It's incredibly creamy with raspberry puree... One of the highlights is the bar staff. The bartenders are highly skilled, knowledgable and... friendly! It's nice to find a fine cocktail bar where the staff isn't snooty. Bravo. The rooftop is whimsical and simply amazing.. where one can enjoy comfotable outdoor dining under a retractable roof.. allowing you to enjoy dinner in the serenity of the Lower East Side early on and then reveling in it's unmistakable energy over cocktails later in the evening. Places like this make me happy to live on Lower East Side (1 block away!) ... and they make me proud to live in New York.
<review# 315,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2010,10/2/2011,81,207,16,9,8>Taro used to look like a cafeteria in a garbage dump that for some reason had a cafeteria, so despite good word of mouth I always avoided it. At most I'd occasionally peer into its windows, starving-Victorian-orphan style, only in this case I'd quickly decide I was most likely better off outside in the cold and maybe eating a dead pigeon instead. However, now that Taro has abandoned its intimidatingly shitholey old space for swanky new digs that are clean and warm and inviting, I finally felt okay going to try it, and dear god just typing that sentence makes me feel decidedly middle-aged and stroller-wielding.Anyway, despite being the guy who only liked your favorite indie band after they did a song for a car commercial, I'm happy to report that the sushi here is as good as other Yelpers say. The sushi was among the freshest I've had, easily on par with my other Brooklyn favorites, Kiku and Yamato. My girlfriend's salmon and avocado rolls were excellent, tasting quite like butter-in-fish-form and butter-in-fruit-form wrapped up in rice and seaweed, exactly as they should. Even our fried shrimp shumai appetizer tasted at least like particularly high-quality pre-manufactured goods.Really the only complaint I had was that the soy sauce here seemed unusually salty; a quick dab in the dipping bowl here translates to a half-submerged soak anywhere else. I also noticed that the lunch specials run a few bucks more than the $8-10 that's practically standard at other sushi joints. However, given that the last time I ordered my trusted sushi lunch special from Kiku, they only gave me three pieces accompanied by a suspiciously mountainous/subtly apologetic pile of California rolls, maybe I oughta try spending a few bucks extra after all.
<review# 316,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2010,10/1/2011,161,274,8,11,12>B.ring your friends, date, mom, cousin, neighbor, boss, enemy, sister.R.ight when you arrive you'll be faced with some decisions.O.pen the Blue Ribbon menu, check in for bowling, or rock out.O.bviously you'll want to pick all 3.K.ick off your sneaks & a basket of bowling shoes is brought to the lane.L.eave your socks at home?  No prob, they'll bring you fresh ones.Y-es the lanes are impeccably clean, & adorned with leather couches.N.earing the end of your game you'll want microbrew refills.B-est bet is to order a bunch of things to share, the menu is that good.O.ne of the best batches of Rock and Roll fries I've ever had.W.hile your friends scarf food you may want to check out the bathroom.L.ucky ladies, you can see the lanes through double paned mirrors!R.ight when you think your night couldn't get any better the band starts.O.n a good night, you can pay as little as a $5 cover.C.urating the BK Bowl music roster must be a tough job.K.ids all over the world would kill to play at such a cool place.S.ounds great too, you can hear clearly just about anywhere.M.atisyahu played the last time I was there, disco dreidel was rad.Y.ou should definitely check the BK Bowl website for band schedule.F.ancy cocktails, liquors, margaritas, beers, and wines are available.A.ll of my favorite bourbons, and you can even get a shake!C.learly an awesome place to work, all employees were super nice.E.ven if you don't want to bowl coming for a drink/show is deff worth it.O.f course Food Network has already caught on, awesome everything.F.inancially its not the cheapest place to have the time of your life, butF.un factor wise, it's 100% worth a try, at LEAST once.
<review# 317,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2011,9/30/2011,1379,2327,23,32,32>I can think of none other for review #800 that deserves this more right now than Death & Company. Pure and classic bartending that is an art form and deserves to be praised.Dark and brooding like the Vampire Lestat sipping on a type-o blood cocktail hidden away in a shadowy corner. Death & Company is appropriately named for those of us who prefer to shun the light and move between the dimmed view of candle light. No one knows you are there, yet your presence can be felt by the glowing stare of your eyes as you partake in classic cocktail enjoyment.A speakeasy in the traditional sense. Black velvet ropes to part as you enter. Dark and candle lit. Low level music. Soft chatter emanating from the couples and groups sitting in booths around you. Bartender working like a mad scientist perfecting his potions. The occasional quiet din is broken up by his exuberant shaking of a cocktail. Yes, this is a perfect place for those who abhor the modern bar scene in this wretched yet addictive and wonderful city.Terrific cocktail menu set up in categories of Gin, Rum, Tequila, Whiskey, Brandy, Hops, and Juleps. There are also options for classic drinks, champagne drinks, punch bowls, wines and few craft type beers. If you are a bit hungry there is a selection of gourmet appetizer dishes and small entree plates that are also outstanding. Everything we drank and ate were made with inspiration and aplomb. Looking back, the word "outstanding" is the one that comes to the forefront of my mind as an appropriate description. No reservations are accepted. No groups over seven people. First come, first serve. If no seats are available when you arrive they take your number and will call you when there is an opening. Best to arrive early after it first opens and enjoy a long stay there. Otherwise, you might be waiting for up to an hour for a seat. We got there right after it opened and were seated immediately. I will return here again, if just to sit like a mysterious figure in a dark corner and enjoy a perfect libation while observing the denizens of the shadow time.
<review# 318,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2011,9/29/2011,396,569,16,11,12>Pommes Frites is like bad medicineBad medicine is what I needShake on sea salt just like bad medicineThere ain't no doctor that can cure my diseaseWe hit up the original Pomme Frites in the wee hours of the morning a couple of weeks ago. We'd had some drinks and I remembered we were in the perfect neighborhood when I thought... "FRIES!!!!!" And I got all the symptoms, count 'em 1, 2, 3First you need(That's what you get for standing in line)Then you bleed(You get some fries and it's never enough)On your knees(That's what you get for being out late)And now this girl's addicted 'cause your fries are the drugWe quickly jumped in the line that went out onto the sidewalk - even in the chilly March weather. However, the heat and aroma of fried goodness rolling out the front door was enough for us to stay put. We went for a regular with a dipping sauce - it ran us about $6 and was more than enough for 2 people to split. The fries were lovely and sprinkled in stellar sea salt. We decided the Sweet Mango Chutney Mayo should accompany our late night delight. The whole experience was declared a win.When you find Pommes Frites you take what you can get'Cause if there's something better baby, well, I haven't found it yet!
<review# 319,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2011,9/28/2011,327,778,10,19,13>How to enjoy Kyo Ya:Step 1: Come hungry. Very hungry. I had the 10 course kaiseki so please don't pig out beforehand.Step 2: This place is a little hard to find. Its a hidden gem. I felt so excited going down the steps to this restaurant. Thank you Jordan J for finding this amazing place, now Kyo Ya can stop hiding for me!Step 3: This place is nice, come dressed nicely, it makes the experience better. If you come in flip flops and dirty jeans, just get outta here.Step 4: Make sure you go to the toilet while there. Unlike most restaurants, there are no signs saying "TOILET." The toilets are hidden as well! Thankfully the waitresses are always helpful and seem to know which part of the wall the toilet is hidden in.Now let's talk about food, the best part. The 10 course kaiseki was fantastic. The waiters and waitresses would explain every dish precisely- what its made out of, which country the fish comes from, how it was cooked, so that you can fully appreciate it. Yes, fully appreciate each bite, no inhaling allowed! There was of course the kaiseki menu typed out on paper, so you could refer to that as well.Some of the most outstanding dishes include the sashimi of the day platter. Your sashimi comes beautifully displayed on an ice block, so that your fish remains cold. I enjoyed lots of uni, a variety of fish and even abalone in liver sauce. The homemade black and white sesame tofu was so good, I wish they sold them in the supermarket so that I can eat it at home. I really enjoyed the egg pant and crabs in jelly made of dashi. Wow, who would have thought of making jelly out of dashi? That is such a good idea! And the desert.... wow. Strawberries and fried biscuits... which you dip in green tea fondue. That's a WINNING desert right there. After that, you pour the leftover green tea fondue over the homemade vanilla ice cream accompanied with an (japanese red bean mashed up) and you feel so satisfied...
<review# 320,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2011,9/27/2011,168,363,9,21,16>Every time my parents visit my brother and I in Brooklyn they stay at the Nu. I have even stayed here a few times myself* (it's a nice little retreat and makes me feel like I'm on vacation). Things that make me and you (if you choose to stay here) happy:- Very modern room decor (read: white textiles, dark wood furniture, high ceilings) with flat screen tv's and HD cable and games available, if say NYC doesn't excite you enough and you want to actually watch TV. - There are coffee makers in the rooms, which I find to be a HUGE bonus for us non-morning people. -Competitive room rates: Std. Queen, $167, Std. King $180, Urban Suite, $207. They allow pets and also have specials listed on their website.- Free continental breakfast (hot/cold cereal, [for the lactose intolerant they offer soy milk, which is a great touch], baked goods, coffee**/juices/ yogurt, hard boiled eggs) AND, they have chocolate chip cookies set out in the afternoon. I also believe the little lobby area is a bar in the afternoon/evening for guests and non-guests. AND, apparently if one checks in (via yelp) at the hotel, one can receive a free drink in the lounge/bar! Woo!-Very close to public transportation (A/C/R and the F/G trains). OR, you're within walking distance of the best bridge in NYC: the Brooklyn Bridge.-Hello, you're right on Smith St. and Atlantic and a few blocks away from Court St.,  near many excellent restaurants, bars and amenities (Jakewalk, Zaytoon's, Bar Great Harry, Savoia, Frankie's 457, Sample, Ceol, Wild Ginger, Boat, Sahadi's, Trader Joe's, Union Market, Ziad's, etc. etc.)If you're coming to visit NYC, why stay in Manhattan when you can be two subway stops away from Manhattan in a *much* cooler borough? Come to Brooklyn.Seriously.*Like now, currently, with my fiance while we set up the new apartment.**A special shout out to the nice man who works there who re-fills the coffee thermoses.  I'm sorry, I'm a coffee addict.
<review# 321,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2007,10/6/2007,193,768,31,17,19>I must confess,  I had no idea what this place was. The only thing I knew is that Thomas Paine, or Thomas Edison or St. Thomas of Aquinas, or some Thomas dude died here.Walking in, I was surprised to hear people singing with a piano right in the middle of the floor. It also doubled as a mini-bar, because there were glasses on the sides. I come in, and I'm hearing "All That Jazz" from "Chicago" and I see fellow musically-inclined Yelpers Lynn and Yosh really getting into it.  I just started singing along, and really enjoying myself.  (NO, not that way, you bastards!)Had an amaretto sour because there was no midori sour. NO MIDORI in a bar?!?!?! The hell is that about?  Thats okay, because that's when the piano player started pulling out selections from "Little Shop of Horrors". He even played "Skid Row", how great a song is that!?!?!?!But yeah, everyone was around the piano, men with their arms around each other, I swear I......oh, excuse me..*talks to friend*Marie's Crisis is a gay bar? NO ITS NOT!!!!! its a place where all of these guys are singing show tunes, with their arms around each other. What's gay about that?*comes back to writing review*Well now, I had no idea that Marie's Crisis is considered a gay bar, I really did not. No wonder the guy next to me, with a white sports jacket, had his arm around me for a few more seconds than I was comfortable with, and kept whispering sweet nothings in my ear. But enough about Adrian......with a right hook, BAM!
<review# 322,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2007,10/5/2007,274,769,9,14,21>BEEF BACCHANALMaybe it was the charred porterhouse with its marbled perfection...Maybe it was our waiter who clairvoyantly knew that we'd be ordering steak for 3 with spinach and potatoes...Maybe it was the tea ceremony-like precision of movements that orchestrated everything from the exacting arrangement of plates and glasses to the serving of steak...Maybe it was the overflowing glass of bourbon I washed it all down with...Maybe it was the creamed spinach that I just wanted to bathe in...Or...Maybe it was the Parmenidian constancy of it all and knowing that you could come back 30 years from now and everything would still run with the same quality and precision...Whatever "it" is, Peter Luger has it down to an art.
<review# 323,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2007,10/4/2007,104,69,6,18,17>Gnocco is a well kept secret that I am going to share with my fellow Yelper's! It is a perfect spot to take a date because chances are they have never been here before. Everything from the food to service to ambience is top notch! Mind you, it is not Per Se, but it also doesn't have those prices either. I really believe that people don't want to tell others about the place so it doesn't lose its charm. It is plenty busy so there must be some talk. I have been here 3 times now and ordered a different thing each time. They were all delicious! I really don't think you can make a mistake with the menu. The only food suggestion I will give is that you MUST order a pizza for an appetizer. Choose which one to your liking. It definitely belongs in the Top 5 of pizza's in NYC and I don't type this lightly. They do take reservations for parties larger than two. If you are reading this, seriously consider making it a destination for your weekend with friends or taking a date. I hope you love it as much as I do! Ciao!
<review# 324,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2007,10/3/2007,387,259,5,9,11>Nothing says yum like delicious but guiltless dessert.Allison G. discovered OKO and suggested I join her here after a recent sushi sojourn - it's -- get this -- authentic yogurt! Not sugar-loaded or cream-infested, but made with all-natural wholesome ingredients. Even the exterior is organic (read: bamboo tables and corn spoons).I had the wildberry with fresh mango on top, and it was overwhelming in its portion size, but very satisfying- and less expensive than kissing-cousin pinkberry. It's light and fresh and delicious, and sooo less evil than most other dessert choices!EDIT: They now have a pomegranate flavor! I am beside myself.
<review# 325,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2006,10/2/2007,16,147,6,15,12>I know what you're thinking..."The Daily Show!?" but that's just a TV show, that type of stuff doesn't get rated on Yelp, it violates all the Yelp rules!"Aha!" I say,  "But I went to a taping last night, so in fact it is a local destination."After much emailing and waiting (a few months) my confirmation email for Daily Show tickets finally came a couple weeks ago.  In a word, hilarious.  So, we got there at 3:40, and the doors open at 5pm.  The line was already about 200 people long at that point, meaning that not everyone behind us got in.  So get there early, or you might get bounced.  Also, its worth bringing a snack, a book, and a little folding stool, because you're going to be standing for probably two hours, and that's a long time to stand in one place (I think it's one of the 'grey areas' in the new (anti-) torture bill.)   But once things start moving (around 5:30 probably) it goes fast. They usher you in with militaristic precision, and then bring out the warm up comic.  He was far funnier than I expected, and get ready, because he will interact with you.  Particularly if you (1) are wearing a suit, (2) look shy, (3) are under the age of 25, (4) are outgoing, or (5) catch his eye in any way.  Then Jon Stewart comes on, takes some questions from the crowd, and after that, the show starts.  From then on, you already know how it goes.
<review# 326,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/6/2007,10/1/2007,171,97,36,21,19>It has been a good couple of years since I've gone to the dentist and in those couple of years I've spent a good portion of my time drinking red wine and slamming cups of coffee. It was finally time to take matters into my own hands. No matter how much I loathed the thought of going to the dentist, I thought to myself, "Self, you're an adult now. And part of being an adult is doing things you don't want to do." Which brings me to my Dental BFF, Maritess who actually made the appointments and harassed me via telephone to make sure I kept it.This past Tuesday my Dental BFF and I met at the NYCCT in a hyper, silly panic. We were trying to figure out ways to back out of the appointment after having already signed in.Maritess: I don't want to do this, let's leave.Me: This was a stupid idea for a Yelp Event. We shouldn't be trapped in this hellhole all day.Martitess: Let's go to a bar instead!Me: Yes! Then it would be a true Yelp Outing- skip the event and go out for drinks! Yay! Let's do that....Well they must have heard us because this is when our respective hygienists came out to fetch us. Essentially the first two hours of the appointment consisted of a lot of sitting and non-invasive prodding. They ask questions and are relentless in acquiring gratuitous details. For example, do I brush my teeth? What brand of toothpaste do I use? Do I floss? What brand of floss? Bitch, please. Does it really matter if I use Glide or Oral B? This is a four hour appointment, let's GET A MOVE ON. Eventually the scraping begins. This is where I feel one greatly benefits from having an experienced hygienist. These students haven't quite perfected their technique and well, I felt like I was having my teeth flossed with a prehistoric metal pick. Which I was. After a half hour or so of this (in addition to the 2 hours of prior examination) I started to unravel a little bit. All that could go through my head was the Little Shop of Horrors song:"You'll be a dentist. You have a talent for causing things pain! Oh, be a dentist. People will pay you to be inhumane!"The scraping continues. Then the dental professor comes over and really digs in. Another half hour goes by. Scape, scrape, scrape..."I am your dentist. And I enjoy the career that I picked. I am your dentist. And I get off on the pain I inflict!"PLEASE GOD LET THIS BE OVER. I NEED ALCOHOL! I NEED ALCOHOL TO ENDURE EVEN ANOTHER MINUTE OF THIS PRIMITIVE, INHUMANE TORTURE!!!!Finally it was. The funniest part is they want me to come back next week so they can "finish." Right. Five hours was enough for me, thank you. I think I'll pay for dental insurance instead. *DISCLAIMER: It could have been much worse. They did a thorough job and were very nice and accommodating throughout the process. They answered all of my questions thoughtfully. I also take partial responsibility for this experience sucking because I have neglected the dentist for longer than I should have. But it wasn't a fun afternoon and the amount of waiting you have to do here really makes the experience grueling. Drinks are definitely required immediately after the appointment. We went for unfiltered sake to take the edge off. The good news is, it doesn't stain teeth.
<review# 327,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2007,9/30/2007,64,161,10,11,11>"I ain't never been to jail."What do you want, a cookie?- Chris RockSorry Chris, but sometimes it pays to be a low-expectation-motherf#&%$er. Before going to Koi for a business dinner I hopped on Yelp* to see what I was in for. Ugh. Quite a few 3 and even 2 star reviews. WTF? With all the great restaurants in NYC, this is where we're going? Only one way to get through a dinner like this..."Waitress, can I get a 64 ounce Vodka Gimlet Big Gulp? Please."But fortunately my low expectations were easily met and far exceeded. Was it the best Japanese restaurant ever? No. But it was really quite good. A few standout dishes were the crispy rice topped with spicy tuna, yellow-fin carpaccio, Kobe beef pot stickers (Kobe beef in a pot sticker? If that's wrong, I don't wanna be right,) a swordfish entree special with pumpkin risotto (I could get the risotto as meal and be a happy camper) and double-wrapped shrimp rolls. I thought the room was stylish and the scene was pretty hopping. The service and the waitress were excellent. She made spot-on suggestions about dishes and the amount of dishes we needed. The food came out quick and steady but not rushed - we were able to enjoy 2 or 3 dishes at a time before the next wave landed. Overall I think Koi delivered on what I should have expected - very good food in a hip, cool setting. NOW WHERE'S MY COOKIE!!??Wheelchair access: 5 stars. Good table height, no steps, very accessible bathroom downstairs (elevator).
<review# 328,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2007,9/29/2007,405,569,12,13,15>How do you impress a girl on a first date? The Gramercy Tavern. Now all other first dates will lack. Sorry boys. We went through the entire wine list glass by glass... tasting and swirling and discussing the beautiful Alsacian white. The bartenders were top-notch, albeit a bit smug, but I suppose I would be snug if I had that sort of bartending job, too. The food was divine. The carrot and calamari salad was delicately tossed with an intriguing meyer lemon vinaigrette which smelled acidic with notes of wasabi. The corn soup was a rich, heavenly blend of sweet corn, cream and oyster mushrooms topped with smoky bacon shavings. This soup was so good I just want to bathe in it. That good.For our second course, we had the fontina stuffed meatball over a potato puree which was great. I wouldn't say it is the best meatball I have ever had, but I think that is due in part to the recent New York City meatball craze of 2006-2007. The pork chop was stunning. This was one of the most flavorful pieces of meat I have eaten this year. Plump and fork-tender, smoky, succulent and without a doubt meaty, this was plated on a warm zucchini and served with crisp haricot vert. It was perfection. Ugh. I am disgusted with how good this dish is. Men, have you been taking notes? Are you properly equipped with $250 and a lot of good jokes? Spare me of designer bags. I will forgo all the nice clothes in the world for a fantastic night of drinking and eating such glorious food. So the question remains: Will I go out on a second date with him? Well, that unfortunately depends less on the food and more on the chemistry.
<review# 329,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/17/2007,9/28/2007,196,1054,13,13,12>"Yeah, it's 9 dollar beer night" Paul Rudd says with weary and wary sarcasm.That's this place. 9 dollar beer. Not only that, 9 dollar beer not in a pint glass, but in a tall glass used for soda or mixed drinks. Not even a plastic solo cup that at least takes the shape of something resembling a pint, and provides 16 ounces of flip cup fun.A 9 dollar beer.WHAT THE FRIG. Anywho, other than the 12 dollar Tanq option, I really suggest going light or not at all on the drinks and really make sure you're with people that you enjoy company with and just chat away and people watch. The reason this place gets 3 stars I think? Besides all the people who said the view was insane, and it is, it's the layout of the place that is comfortable and surprisingly inviting even if it's dead, which it was last night because of the downpour. But you know what? we just grabbed those funky robes, went to the roof, asked them to put up a couple of the umbrellas, and we had a grand old time getting wet and drinking cares away. It was bleakly romantic, that birthday party. We had the roof to ourselves, and while downstairs was very nice and lush and something akin to monster lounges you see in the movies, it's just great to have such an accommodating staff help you realize that drinking in the rain isn't such a bad thing.Oh, but the biggest reason, besides the price, that this place gets minus two stars: the bartenders downstairs specifically weren't very good. Yes they poured a full beer. Check. They knew what went into a gimlet at least. Check. They were friendly and all smiles. Check. But the one lady just looked so awkward shaking up anything, she used both hands and just flung the shaker up and down in front of her and juked her body like a dry heave and it was really weird coming from a place like this. No offense to her, she's probably new, and it was almost cute, but the other bartender looked so indifferent, and it was just kind of awkward. Really awkward. Oh lots of bathroom stalls up there.And speaking of the robes, why were they there? I have no idea. The seats were all comfortable.I hear it gets packed on good nights, and well, I probably wouldn't like it that way. I enjoyed that it was dead, it's that good of a space.
<review# 330,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2007,9/27/2007,72,570,27,18,22>Anyone who knows me knows that 50% of my waking hours is spent inside a public library.  It's not that I read.  I do, but not as much as my time spent in libraries would indicate.  It's because I'm poor and cheap and I try to make up for it by feeding off of public resources as much as I can.  And really, the NYPL is a glorious system.  Why would anyone RENT a video from Blockbuster when you can place it on hold and get it at the library for FREE?  In any case, Jefferson Market is one of the more unique libraries among the NYPL system.  It's decked with stained glass windows, has a very cool spiral staircase, and houses quite a neat collection of materials.  Having come here regularly now for about a year and a half, I've picked up a few things.  For example, the security lady does this thing.  The library opens at 12 on most days...and usually around 11:55, there will be a group of people waiting outside (we have no social lives, it's true).  She will not open the doors until the clock chimes at 12.  This is observed STRICTLY.  She will stand there and jingle her keys, as if saying, "haha, look at the power I hold over thee, you lowly creatures," with this smirk on her face.  I've gotten used to this by now and I usually show up around 11:55 just for the show.  It's quite amusing and she's actually really nice once you get to know her.  I've also become a "regular" here.  So if I'm MIA for a week, someone will inevitably say, "haven't seen you in awhile."  This is not a good thing.  Because once they get to know you, they will want to talk to you, and then all sorts of things can develop.  One time, I was here, and the guy says to me, "ah, you have one item overdue...would you like me to renew it?"  Me: thinking *I don't remember having anything overdue, what's he talking about?*  I give him a quizzical look.  "It looks like you have 'Alternatives to Sex' overdue?"  Alternatives to Sex.  Now.  I remember.  Having realize what that title might imply (it was actually a contemp. fiction novel; quite a good read), my face immediately goes red, but I try to play it cool.  "Oh right.  Yes, please do renew that."  Then, he says, "you also have items here on hold for you."  So he goes into the backroom and takes out whatever I have on hold.  As he scans out a dvd I placed on hold for a film study thing, I notice that the cover for it is quite explicitly sexual.  (How come I don't remember this cover when I placed a hold on it???)  He does not look at me, but by now probably thinks of me as extremely sexually repressed or some such odd thing.  But again, I play it cool.  "Great, thanks a lot," I say with utter normality.  Only to bump into a bookcase on the way out and dropping everything on the floor, thus making a scene, as I usually do, and casting more unwanted attention to myself.  I have inadvertently made myself out to be The Awkward Girl here.  But in all seriousness, I highly recommend this branch; if you need some quiet time to study/read/do nothing for an entire day, there are plenty of comfy tables and chairs.
<review# 331,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2011,11/6/2011,545,1338,28,36,31>Sometimes I like to eat in the shady parts of Chinatown.My friend warned me with apologies and concern, "You know, it's not the nicest looking restaurant. It's kind of dingy."That's okay. I'm there for the food not for the fact that it's on Open Table or is Michelin starred.A solo bearded man eats in the corner devouring his bowl of noodles, the group of women sit and make trays and trays of dumplings, old Chinese men gossip over dinner, a not so random group of food gluttons take over 5 tables... This is a typical scene at Sheng Wang. I'm not sure who is the loudest of all. Definitely not the solo bearded man but I can tell he wants to shout to the high Heavens how good his soup is.I love Sheng Wang. I dream of having a whole plate of dumplings (all 12!!) all to myself. I want to slurp their peanut butter noodles for $2. I want to have a bowl of peeled noodles as opposed to the hand pulled. I like the peeled noodles so much better. They are like wonton wrappers dissolved and so soft you don't even have to chew. I like food that is effortless. I like the taste of their broth, soup that has been sitting on the stove for hours, and beef that has been stewed until tender. I like biting into my fishball and finding a porkball. Say what?! I want to one day find a duck's foot at the bottom of my bowl. Kinda gross, but like a rabbit's foot I think it is good luck! I think it is also funny that the duck hand pulled noodle soup is described as taco. Perhaps they really meant taro but does that sound like a typical Chinese combination as well?If you're a superficial person, stay away from my Sheng Wang. It may look dirty or sketchy from the outside but the truth is that it is really clean inside and the service is great. This is a $7 lunch or dinner for sure and I love it. I also like living on the edge, or outskirts, of Chinatown. I hear the Lower East Side is pretty trendy these days.
<review# 332,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2011,11/5/2011,1007,752,8,19,14>5 stars all the way! I came here for a birthday dinner the other day. We did things family style and had them bring in whatever and every dish they served was absolutely amazing!!Food - Superb! All of the dishes they served us was fantastic. The baked clams, soft shell crab with fried sardines, lobster, lamb, pasta, pizza, seafood salad, and desserts were all heavenly delicious!Drinks - We had a few bottles of Pinot Grigio and some of us had several bottles of Peroni beer. While we were having our desserts, they also brought us a bottle of Sambuca, Lemoncello, and another liqueur I can't remember.Service - The best and the most friendly! From beginning to end, all of the waiters here are extremely friendly. They made all of us felt very welcomed. The service here is absolutely outstanding. It has to be one of the biggest highlights here other than their delicious food.Verdict - If you're a open minded person when it comes to food, have them bring you their kitchen to your table. You will definitely leave Patrizia's with a full stomach. If you're one of the picky types, go home and order from Dominos. If you love great Italian food and desserts, this is your go to spot. Your first experience here will be a memorable one!
<review# 333,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2010,11/4/2011,87,109,41,11,15>A night at Rasputin is Gwen Stefani Bananas. It's a cross between Lindsay Lohan, Tom Cruise and a side order of Gary Busey. I have never been to Russia and I don't have any immediate travel plans, so a night at Rasputin is the closest I am going to get to Moscow for the time being. I ventured to Little Odessa for my friend's birthday party and although his Russian girlfriend tried to prep me for the evening, it was like MTV's Diary, "You think you know...but you have no idea." Now I am not going to claim to have been sober for more than the first 10 minutes of the night so many of these details cannot be confirmed...nor can they be denied. The restaurant/ballroom is a two-level room with an enormous stage and dance floor in the middle. Going to Rasputin is 20 percent food, 40 percent alcohol and 40 percent entertainment. I am pretty sure I left tread marks on that dance floor. The night starts off at around 7:30pm and the feeding commences immediately. Trays of food are already pre-selected and cover every inch of your table. The plates include a branzino with a fried crust, lobster with mayo, smoked fish, smoked meats, eel with mayo and various salads (with mayo of course). None of this food was all that memorable but you are also given bottles of vodka and shot glasses. This quickly turns into an absolute sh*tshow as people continuously make toasts for every reason under the sun. "Here is to the bday boy, to mother Russia, to vodka, to getting hammered," etc...15 minutes in and your liver is toast. As you continue to take shots and enjoy the evening, an army of waiters bring out more food; a mushroom soup, fried potatoes & onions, more smoked fish and of course more shots, Na Zdorov'ye!Once you have a stomach coated with mayo and vodka, the emcee for the evening's entertainment takes the stage with his twin brother, the guitar-man. Both of these dudes have blond, long flowing manes and thick Russian accents. He makes a few anniversary, marriage and birthday announcements and the band takes the stage and the most intense/comical dancing begins. At this point you are three sheets so there is no holding back. I'm talking the running man, roger rabbit, Missy Elliott get ya freak on, bar-mitzvah rodeo, the skee bop bee bin bop, and whatever other dance moves you can think of. I unbuttoned my shirt down to three buttons (when in Rome) and had one of the more fun nights in a long time. I would love to regale you with more stories from the evening but that is pretty much all I remember. The night ends with a blacked out cab ride back to Manhattan, one friend falling down a railing-less staircase and one falling asleep at the table. Needless to say, I think the night at Rasputin was a great success!!Best Thing on the Menu: VodkaWaste of Time: The FoodPerfect For: A Celebration Bitches
<review# 334,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2011,11/3/2011,447,368,17,29,25>In the past, there are a few places in the Chinatown in Manhattan that you could find Malaysian styled Jerky.  They were always a delicious but slightly expensive treat.   Over the years, the establishments that sells these jerky dwindled and now I could think of two places that still makes and sells these.  One of them is this tiny store between the edge of Chinatown and the beginning of what's left of Little Italy.When I say small, I meant small.  You'll be lucky to squeeze in 5 people into the space between the wall and the counter where you place your order.  This aforementioned glass counter is where they put all of the selections of the Jerky that they have on display.  Despite their name of "Malaysia BEEF Jerky", they also carry dried meat made of chicken and pork.Besides the meat, they have two styles of Jerky.  One, the "Sliced" beef and pork, are more familiar to the American Palate of beef jerky.  Dry, tough, and tasty.  The other style, the more Malaysian one, is thinner, semi moist, and slightly sweet with a slight smoky aftertaste. Each version of the Malaysian styled ones have a "spicy" variation that have only the slightest hint of heat in them.  There are two things you should to know about these Jerky before hand.  One: They charge by pound, and at $17 to $18 per pound, the price would add up fast.  Usually people buy by quarter pounds but it is easy to go slightly above the requested weight that you ask for.Two:  The semi moist Jerky, although really tasty, doesn't stay put as well as the dried variety.  It's best to place them in the fridge unless you plan to eat them all within a day or two... which considering how delicious they are, could easily happen despite your best efforts not to.
<review# 335,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2011,11/2/2011,893,1315,9,13,16>I have been looking for a place of "ZEN" for a very long time now. I never really actually believed that it would exist, but I have FOUND IT. In New York City of all places. I was recommended by a friend in yoga two weeks ago of a Wellness Center, meets chiropractic services and medical spa. Everything I need to make myself whole again. I was working 12+ hours every weekend and some weekdays. I had strained my lower back and built plenty of muscle tension in my shoulders from carrying loads of heavy equipment. My first visit was last Wednesday 10/5/11. My experience was so pleasant from the minute I walked in. The dim lit wellness center made me feel relaxed and ready with no expectations of what would begin or end. I was greeted by a nice receptionist and she lead me to my first examination with Dr. Joe Caracillo. He is a noted chiropractor, popular yoga instructor, and respected health expert. In my mind I knew I was in good hands because I use to read Cosmopolitan magazines and he would give some insightful advice on different yoga positions! My exam started out with a back, neck and jaw adjustment. I never realized that I clench my jaw in my sleep, and he made me aware of it. He also attached a Russian muscle therapy machine to my lower back to help alleviate any tension I was having. Immediately I could feel the tingling and buzzing that cured any issues I was having!After my examination and chiropractic treatment, I was sent downstairs for my massage with Eviee. She was this sweet, soft spoken Asian girl that I never expected would of made me feel 110% again! The massage was 60 minutes long and she worked on all the knots I had in my lower back and my shoulders. It was a mix of deep tissue and shiatsu style. After the massage I was realizing I could get use to this. Maybe once a week?! She left the room and when I exited the room I was greeted by her and an Organic Avenue Veggie Elixir Drink! I was extremely impressed. When I went upstairs to check out, Dr Joe was there to ask me how much I enjoyed my first visit. He also mentioned that Organic Avenue is a participant in his Wellness Spa and any drinks can be ordered prior to your treatment. They also stock up on a couple as well. I have never been to a spa that treats you that good with Organic goodies! On Wednesday 10/12/11,  I was interested in trying Pilates, so I booked a session of Pilates with Fabricia. My yoga friend said that she was the BEST in New York, and she definitely lived up to her reputation. I tried a combination of Yoga and Pilates before, called Yoga-Lates, but never this true method. I actually used the Pilates machine with her and tried all these different stretching, pulling and pushing methods I never knew my body could handle, but it did! One thing I still had to work on though, was my shoulders. They sort of have a mind of its own. All I had to think was relaxation time and I improved significantly. She recommended that I come in the next day for a massage to loosen up soreness. Thursday 10/13/11, I booked a massage with Matt. He has very limited availability at Space for Wellness. That is because he is very popular and usually takes a couple weeks to book a session with him! Hes in that high demand! I dubbed him Magical Matt because the minute I met him, I knew his presence was exactly what I needed to relax. His calming voice and his selection of music went with the flow of the massage. The strength and use of his fingers and palms of his hands made me imagine ocean waves against my back. He worked out every tension I had and I felt like a whole new improved me! After the session, I was given Organic Avenue Blueberry Smoothie with Sprutilna. So yummy and perfect for hydration. I think I could totally get use to this.Realizing that they have Facebook specials at 30% during the week, you know I am going to make this a weekly trip an treat myself to maintaining my health and well being!
<review# 336,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2011,11/1/2011,1148,117,19,20,23>Lombardi's, Grimaldi's, Ray's, Aldo's. New York, if there's one thing we know; if there's one thing we are the best at (besides baseball), it's pizza!Di Fara's is no exception. Even if you have to take the Q to get there. *sigh, the Q*OMG, biting into one of Mr. DeMarco's handmade gems, is like biting into a lifetime of memories. The pizza shops you grew up frequenting, the old-country family values, the love that goes into each pie. Each slice. All of that is present here (crowds and all)!You get a hit to your nasal cavities, the smell of cooking olive oil and ingredients to your little taste of Italia. Or, is it the basil? The chopped, green topped to your delight. Yeah, it's definitely the basil. ;-)For anyone complaining about the dingy, dirty, or the overall cleanliness of this, I have just one thing to say to you:You my friend have *obviously* neeeever been to a neighborhood pizza-joint in Brooklyn or Queens.So for those worrying about the mundane, fuggedaboutit...eat your little slice of heaven and move on. Why? Because I need your spot to order my pizza already!*Raises glass to honor one of Brooklyn's own*
<review# 337,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2011,10/31/2011,289,416,18,25,22>Justice delayed is justice denied.  I have never thought that this would apply to cupcakes but in this case it certainly does.  For what freedom loving individual entitled to the pursuit of life,liberty and happiness does not wonder why it took so long for Sprinkles to grace the shores of the island of New York? :) Wait, why am I writing this way?  I think I may have watched too many John Adams and Thomas Jefferson this summer! Seriously, we have been content lining up for dry cupcakes all these years when Sprinkles was actually our "just" desserts! At any rate, guided by the imagined voices of Candace Nelson and of Oprah Winfrey, I handed $3.50 for each cupcake to secure my justice in the following flavors:    ::::Chocolate Coconut - in my opinion, the hands down winner.  Moist, perfect for summer as it brings vision of far-away tropical islands shimmering in the distance with azure skies and white sand.  The only way this can possibly be improved is to toast the coconut.    ::::Salty Caramel - sweet and moist which sweetness is cut by the salt on the caramel frosting.     ::::Red Velvet - smells heavenly and fresh. The best that I have tasted.     ::::Lime - key lime pie that is a cake.  Soft, fragrant, not too sweet. You know what I'm saying.    and:::: Lemon which I got for free by saying: Sunny Day. The rainbow sprinkles almost made me refrain from eating it. It was moist but to my mind I want more lemon flavor. Justice is sweet and Sprinkles does liberate you from the dryness of other unjust cupcakes.  And just to make sure that ASPCA does not sue for its own justice, Sprinkles has mini-cupcakes for dogs. :) In addition to their calendar of seasonal cupcakes and the cupcake ottoman, the dog cupcakes literally take the cupcake, I mean the cake. :)
<review# 338,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2011,10/30/2011,804,1655,8,17,19>Maison Premiere is like a smooth talking debonair gentleman that sweeps you off your feet before you even know it. With his high class, charm, and piercing gaze, he manages to have you paralyzed, speechless, and under his spell in no time. This is what MP was like for me. We were greeted at the door by a hostess who was so striking that I couldn't concentrate for a few minutes. Her intense stare and brilliant red lipstick led me into a trance. It felt like a dreary night in London and how lovely to tuck into a speakeasy where everything is a secret. And so the culinary affair with Maison begins.The place is dimly lit and oddly enough, time stood still at 10:40pm. The horseshoe-shaped bar with bartenders in suspenders and absinthe fountain creates an 1800s French Quarter scene. We were seated right across from the bar, and my the space was cozy! Definitiely a great place to get up-close and personal with that intimate person in your life. Our waiter, ever so kind and personable, took our drink orders. I opted for a Santa Maria Cooler. It is made with rum, sherry, lemon and pineapple syrup. A sharp and clean drink and not too sweet. This is a raw bar. So don't expect to find anything cooked or any meat. You are here for the seafood and trust me, this place is well worth it. We shared the "La Petit Maison" platter, red snapper ceviche and also had 6 additional oysters. When the plate arrived, I immediately fell in love. I have never seen an arrangement so beautiful and so sexy. The food was amazing and if you love raw oysters, you have to come here! The red snapper was excellent, I am usually very wary of red snapper as it has a rough consistency, but this ceviche was on point, tasty and fresh. Come here for fresh seafood and of the highest quality. I also had an absinthe drink, Bitches Breaux. Strong and by the end of my drink, I was on my way to hallucinations. The waiter did manage to spill water all over my suede boots, but that's OK. He made everything better with complimentary glasses of Vueve, a brilliant smile and polite manners. This was one of the best experiences I have had in a long while. I highly recommend it. Take a date here or anyone that means a lot to you. It will heighten the feelings. I know I was swimming in love by the end of the night...
<review# 339,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2010,10/29/2011,157,490,19,26,25>Going to Taverna Kyclades is like going to watch a Clint Eastwood film. You can be sure that you will respect the craft, even while marveling at the ability to churn out consistent quality after all these years - not to mention you will be waiting in line for a long time.Taverna Kyclades (Kycla) towers above the competition much like the six foot six chef towers above mere mortals. But, let's just count the ways:1. Most diners at (the extremely competent) Watawa Sushi across the street are likely there because they couldn't find a seat at Kycla2. Diners would rather wait for half an hour in the cold as opposed to dining at nearby Greek restaurants (more than  empty)3. It epitomizes destination dining. Despite the Astoria location, its customer base spans myriad different cultures4. I swallow my pride to come back and wait in line after telling the reception staff not to put my name on the (long) waiting list!!Few restaurants in the city can rival Kycla in terms of value-for-money. A meal for two (with a Carafe of the house wine) should cost less than 60 dollars. And, the quality is consistent across the year(s) - as my two dozen or so visits would testify.No one in New York has better grilled Octopus than Kycla: marinated overnight to ensure melt-in-the mouth texture, the first flavor to hit you is that of the grill, followed immediately by that of lemon, and finally olive oil. This would be the best version in the city, across any cuisine!The other mezes are also delicious: from the creamy Tzatziki (with dill, garlic, and cucumber) which accompanies the wonderful herbed semolina bread (hot off the oven) to the flaky Spanakopita (spinach pie), the pan-fried Saganaki cheese (not fried as deeply as at other restaurants) or the stuffed grape leaves, it's hard to single out even a single miss. The restaurant specializes in fish (they are flying off the wall and off the kitchen!) and so any entrée is guaranteed to be tasteful and fresh. However, I pay more attention to polishing off the unmatched lemony potatoes as opposed to working on the entrees. These soft and tangy lemony potatoes would so enrich your life that you'd wonder how come you'd never included them as a staple in your diet!More likely than not you will be offered complimentary Galaktobourekos (phyllo dough, custard, cinnamon) as dessert and while the phyllo dough crust should be crispier, the custard makes up for its deficiencies to end the meal on a good note. So, believe the hype. If you didn't appreciate the food - it's probably you. But stay clear of Kycla on the weekend - the wait might just transport you into the 'Hereafter'.
<review# 340,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2011,10/28/2011,272,692,31,25,16>"Worth Every Penny...If You Have an Extra 50,000 Laying Around"Yes, I scrounged 50,000 pennies from my piggy bank to spend one glorious afternoon at the Spa at the Mandarin Oriental.  After lugging my sack of change through the hot, sweaty streets of Manhattan, I was ready for the cool respite of the 35th floor, high above the throngs of grossy people.  You are greeted at the front desk with tea and spa slippers before you walk back for a tour of the treatment rooms and water therapy room.  I picked the Spa because I had a hankering for a jacuzzi and water therapy pre-treatment.  I feel in love love love with the water therapies at the Wailea resort in Maui, and was looking to re-create a teensy bit of that experience in NYC.  Knowing that teensy-ness would apply to the size of any spa in NYC, I was overjoyed to find a wade-in jacuzzi pool.  One side has an immersed chaise lounge built of metal tubes.  You can have a lie down on the metal tubes and the jets and bubbles come from underneath you, so you're nestled in a jetty-bubbly-uplifting-rollicking water bed of actual water.  I did not move for 25 minutes until my treatment started.The Spa is not a place to cheap out, so I opted for the 2 hour Time Treatment, where you basically customize your 2 hour treatment.  I ended up opting with their suggestions.  I started with a body scrub-first a brush down with a hard brush, then a slathering of minty exfoliating rub.  An all-over mini-massage to smooth out your skin.  After a quick hop in the en suite shower, I had a long, luxurious traditional massage with some sports massage thrown in to ease my tired muscles.  Followed by a facial massage (not a real facial, I don't do those) and a scalp masage.  During the 2 hour treatment, I entered a zen-like blissful state, not quite sleeping and not quite dreaming but just luxuriating in the warm, enveloping feeling of having my muscles pulled and prodded into mush.  Afterwards, I napped in the relaxation room, sipping orange water, noshing on dried apricots and nuts, watching the leaves blossom in Central Park.  Then headed to the locker room to slowly dress and return to reality.  My skin was smooth, my muscles melty, my mind blank as I was whisked down the elevator to the hot, mean streets of Manhattan...(...and MSG for HOCKEY...where I promptly lost all Zen in chanting "fight! fight! fight!)This girl would make the Manadarin a monthly-must-do if it weren't for having to haul all those troublesome pennies.
<review# 341,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2010,4/11/2011,412,222,15,27,24>Dram comes to my mind as a perfect middle ground bar that you settle in comfortably without much thought of what kind of drinks/outfit you feel like for the day(?)/night. Reasons:1. Cocktails or Beers - Try both, both work.2. Modern and freshly Polyurethaned wooden deco - both casual and     polished. The bathroom is the highlight of all and it inspired me to    shop for a wooden toilet seats.3. Mixed crowds - neighborhoodie hangouts, dressy cocktails, local     brewed pub-regulars and mellowish hispters. We've encountered     a variety of sorts but grown enough.4. Bar-xologists - The super-est of all I've seen. I was sipping my     Michelada in despondence. I knew it would be an adventurous     taste but......... Nick the Bartender said he would change it and don't     be shy to ask. Finally I gave in and he gave me a good exchange.     Lefthand Milk Stout. My kind of drink.. Thanks Nick. wink.5. Price - Nice South SideI don't mind keeping this as my regular. You will see me there often from now on, without the hat. P.S. Forgot to mention about the wooden spoon. Find it somewhere at Dram yourself.
<review# 342,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2011,4/10/2011,1651,2742,13,32,24>When U Dzika (yelp.com/biz/u-dzika-jac…) closed last year unexpectedly, I was devastated.  As a sucker for Polish food and a fan of cheap and abundant offerings, it was definitely a blow.  Somehow my prayers were answered when in the fall of last year Zlota Rybka came into the Little Poland scene, offering an impressive spread of Polish goodies via a buffet.  And unlike U Dzika, this is an all you can eat buffet.Zlota Rybka, or "Little Fish" in Polish, is going to be among the big fish in the Greenpoint when more people find out about it.  The restaurant, like many nearby Polish places, is quaint and small but clean.  Decor is at a minimum but they've still maintained a nice interior, like that of it's predecessor, Damis (yelp.com/biz/damis-brook…).The service is outstanding.  They're friendly, attentive, and polite.  I've seen them go out of their way to educate the non-Polish savy, breaking down the nuances of Polish cuisine and helping them understand what they're eating.  These ladies are quick to refill waters and swoop up plates, all while doing it with a smile.My expectations were pretty low for a sub $10 buffet, but I was pleasantly surprised with the variety.  Most of what people know of Polish cuisine is probably here:  stuffed cabbage, pierogies, kielbasas, zurek, koldony, goulash and it goes on and on.  I managed to sample a few helpings and raved about each one.  My favorites, however, were definitely the potato pierogies, stuffed cabbage, Polish meatballs, and kitzka (roasted sausage stuffed with potato).  Most everything has tasted fresh, which is not often said for most buffets.The buffet was $8.95 a few months ago, but it seems the price is now $9.95.  To justify the price, the buffet seems larger to me the second time around, with a bit more stuff than before (mainly soups).  Takeout is available for $5 per Ib and I'm not sure if delivery is an option.  This place is definitely worth trying for the most Polish centric eaters and especially the most novice.  It's ideal to come here during lunch time and easy to sample a lot of different stuff without having to stuff your face off (though that's not a bad idea either).  And while it would be difficult to suggest Zlota Rybka has the best Polish food in the hood, it's without a doubt the best deal.
<review# 343,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2011,4/9/2011,345,332,28,13,16>The first thing I do when I enter my apartment is put my keys on my bookshelf. At eye level so I can always see them. I do this because I once left my keys in my lock overnight and have since been scared straight. Or so I thought. (Or so I thought that I thought... you'll get that later).The evening before my birthday I got home late and while chatting on the phone I put my keys in their usual spot. Or so I thought. (Please see above.) The next morning, on my birthday, feeling special and loved by all the birthday love, I got dolled up and was on my way to work, with extra mascara on because I would be meeting up with my friends afterwork for some celebratory cocktails. I put on my coat, scarf, hat, mitten (just the left one) and reached for my keys with my unmittened hand but...they... weren't... THERE! I looked around for an hour and couldn't find them. I then realized that I could have left them in the door overnight and opened the door hoping that they'd be there and they weren't. So my next logical thought was that a ghost had taken them and hid them because that's what poltergeists do right? Now I'm never eating chicken in my apt again or using my bathroom sink! (Please see: youtube.com/watch?v=QsMC…) Eventually I calmed down and decided that an old lady in my building took my keys and is now waiting to steal my stuff. What a jerk. So I basically go on this rampage of hiding all of my stuff (some of which I still cannot find) and leave for work. Stressed out about not being able to find my keys, with my apartment completely turned upside down, having spoken to a locksmith that wanted to charge me "starting at $150 for a cylinder" (a $20 cylinder) and my super being on vacation, I head out for work 3 hours late. On my way to the train station my supervisor texts me and tells me not to go and enjoy my day off. Cool. Bam! I look up and there's the BX Alehouse. And it's opened and I need a drink. I sit at the bar and with tears in my eyes tell the bartender that I'm having a rough morning and it's my birthday and it's not fair and I can't find my keys and I needadrinkandIhateverythingbecauseanoldladyisgoing­torobme.. and he gives me a shot and a beer. And I feel better. Then I start to swap birthday drama stories with this guy at the bar and I realized just  how  much I love this place.It's not a neighborhood bar in the usual definition. The rumors are true: food is awesome, beer selection is amazing, prices are great and the service is stellar. My only qualm is their lack of hip-hop music on the jukebox. I mean... it IS the Bronx, the birth place of hip-hop, get with it! ________________________________*I eventually found them. They fell. Behind my bookcase. I'm slightly stupid.
<review# 344,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2011,4/8/2011,795,723,21,21,18>I used to pass this place all the time when in Hoboken for business.  One day, I walk by and see that the place has a line around the block.  I ask someone what its for, and that was the day that I learned that Cake Boss is filmed here.  To this day I still haven't seen the show as it sounds formulaic at best, but the other week I was in Hoboken early and while there were people inside here, there was no line.  I went for it.  I got served right away, though I did get a good look around.  As expected, the place is very polished and has pretty good variety although it skews more to the artisan bakery side than the old school Italian bakery side (although the favorite items from the latter are still present).  I ended up getting a fresh sfogliatelle, coffee, and a half pound of their small sesamee cookies (AWESOME that they have 2 sizes).  Staff didn't seem thrilled to be measuring half a pound of cookies at 8am, but they saw by my look that I wasn't going to take any BS.  The coffee was good quality, and the sfogliatelle was great.  The crunchy exterior had a nice butteriness when you bit into it.  The inside was nice and soft, but it did lack a bit of flavor surprisingly.  The sesamee cookies were up there with the best I've had.  They had a bit of sugar in the batter but not too much, were slightly burnt, and avoided being too bready or crunchy.  In other words folks, we have a miracle.  Its actually lives up to the hype.  Be wise and go early like I did.  In the words of Governor Schwarzenegger, I will be back.
<review# 345,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2010,4/7/2011,552,567,32,26,42>There are so many things that I adore about first dates -the charming mutual belief in love; the slight pleasure of chancing upon a commonality; the occasion to don a dress; the promise of laughter and flirtation; wine and meat and dessert- that I pursue them with indiscriminate zest. Who doesn't, after all, desire to make small talk over a nice meal and confirm that people believe in love while rocking the fancypants?But when he somehow divined that the unassuming Bavarian bistro in Tribeca had been gathering dust at the top of my to-try list for years, my heart began to pound. I felt all flushed with fever, like Lauryn Hill circa 1996, or some old dude circa 1971.  I sweated, shopped, and crash-dieted, and when the big day arrived, I was so anxious that I failed to hail a cab, got caught in the rain, and arrived to Blaue Gans (understudy to Gutenbrunner's better-known Wallsé) a late, bedraggled bundle of nerves. 'You look beautiful,' he said unconvincingly. The high ceilings and bistro-style seats evoked an Eastern Bloc as rendered by Hollywood. The walls were postered with mid-nineties grunge brands logos, stand-alone witticisms (Internet memes ancestors), and cult film advertisements. After sucking down the preprandial with both the most auspicious honorific (the Poet's Muse), and the most fortitude-inducing ingredients (gin, Lillet), I began fumbling for my groove. -'What do you enjoy?' 'Scrabble', he responded (correctly). I empathized with fervor, as the Slight Pleasure Meter registered a reading--'The beach', he continued. 'Being near the water. Oh, daydreaming.' I flushed with Slight Pleasure as the appetizers arrived-My steak tartar ($14), which arrived an unblended puddle of raw egg in a crater of pink meat, was handily re-kitchened and re-presented in a palatable anagram. Gentleman chose the less primitive-looking vegetarian spaetzle ($11). These were nice foods; handsome, generous, and home-cooked in feel. -Epic stories, etymology, the opera. Chinese - hey, not too bad! Sports? Not really / Me neither-I'd sneaked an advanced glance at the menu, and had chosen the sauteed calf liver, served with poached apple and bacon, over a bed of spinach. Adventurous, it advertised. "Healthful and urbane." It was, additionally, perfectly cooked and seasoned. He had the heartier schnitzel plate. "Masculine," I mused inwardly (tinyurl.com/ncypsa), as Slight Pleasure levels inched towards a higher modifier's jurisdiction. "Choice resto," I complimented as we left. There was lightning and thunder and a little rain outside. "Have you eaten here before? How'd you pick it?""No. I like reading food reviews. . ." There are so many distasteful things about second dates - the sense of obligation; the awkwardness as diverging attraction levels and diminishing marginal utility are realized; how one party invariably recycles a story shared on the first date - that I abstain from them with indiscriminate disdain*. *Generally, that is.
<review# 346,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2011,4/6/2011,472,510,6,29,16>It's shame that I only recently discovered this place six years after I use to work one block away for nearly 4 and 1/2 years. But the universe smile down upon me in the form of a Yelp deal and I was finally afforded this chance meeting with Hatsuhana. I couldn't resist the $40 for $80 worth of food that was being offered as a discount, so I came here with 3 others, fully aware that I would probably have to shell out to a bit more to compensate for the rest of the bill however much that would amount to at the end of our meal. If not for Yelp, I would have never come here since I've never heard of this place in the foodie circle. I've heard of other infamous sushi restaurants (Sushi Yasuda, which I have also been to), but never Hatsuhana. Yet, I was comforted in knowing that this restaurant has been around since 1976 and the 4+ star Yelp aggregate review really set some high expectations for my first time here. Let me sum up my experience by saying that not only did Hatsuhana blow me away, but I will be bold enough to say that I even think it is better than Sushi Yasuda. I am not exaggerating when I say that this was a completely impeccable dinner. The food was outstanding, the service was on-point, and we were all wildly impressed. We ordered four appetizers to share ("Aburi Toro" - lightly seared fatty tuna slices served with a hearty garlic soy sauce, "Agedashi Tofu" - deep fried tofu in a soy sauce based broth, served with ground ginger radish garnish, "Lobster Tempura" - a half tail of lobster fried in tempura batter, and their japanese style calamari). There was not one thing about any of these dishes I could critique. The tuna was buttery and cool, fresh and utterly amazing bathed in that garlic soy. The age tofu, though fried, was soft and pillow-y, and it's skin, salty and sweet, was so delicious, I had never tasted anything like it before. The lobster tempura and calamari were both delicately fried, the tempura batter was crispy and did not taste heavy at all. Spectacular. As for my entree, I passed on the popular "box of dreams", fearing it would be a bit too much, instead I ordered their Chirashi (an assortment of sliced raw fish fillets and other delicacies served on a bed of sushi rice in a bowl). I have had fantastic Chirashi at other sushi restaurants. Most notably at Sushi Yasuda, but Hatsuhana's was remarkably fresh(er), and the presentation was so gorgeous, I almost did not want to dig into it. I truly appreciated the attention to detail where even the wedges of sweet egg were branded with the restaurant's name, "Hatsuhana" on it's side. This meal made me smile as I ate the best Chirashi I have ever had anywhere. We didn't try any of their desserts as I had brought a box of Levain's notoriously monstrous cookies as a great way to end our meal. As we were chomping down on our cookies, the waiter actually brought us dessert plates so that we would look less like savages devouring our sweet confections. I thought that was oddly gracious, and spoke of their professionalism and kindness. Before leaving, I had been so stunned by how great and fresh the food was, that I had felt compelled to order a number of rolls to take to my boyfriend who was working late and unable to join us. As soon as I met him, I told him to get started on the rolls, and as he began eating them (spicy scallop, salmon skin, yellowtail), he said, "wow, this fish is so fresh.. it's remarkable", and all I could do was agree with full enthusiasm. I can't wait to become a regular at Hatsuhana. They have a great pre-fixe menu, if you are dining on a budget. An excellent meal at Hatsuhana does not have to cost you and arm and leg. But even if it is more expensive than what you'd prefer, trust that you are going to have an extraordinary meal with the freshest and most delicious ingredients, rendering you utterly satisfied.
<review# 347,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2011,4/5/2011,646,1303,24,31,28>Hands down, the best breakfast in the city!  What's the catch?  Oh, there's many.  Shopsin's is kind of notorious in Manhattan.  The "soup nazi" from Seinfeld fame looks like a cuddly teddy bear, compared to the staff here.  Really though, I don't find the staff to be unreasonable.  They simply want you to show respect for their business and for them personally.  If you can contain your personality enough to do that, you will be rewarded with an absolutely amazing breakfast.  If you can't, you may literally be kicked out of the restaurant.  No joke.  During our visit, we counted two offenders.  The first was a lady who was standing in line for the adjacent cheese shop and took it upon herself to grab a chair from Shopsin's to have a seat while she was waiting for her cheese.  Now think about that for a moment.  There are only 8 chairs out on the main floor for the entire restaurant.  She walked into the restaurant and took one of them.  What reaction would that garner from any restaurant owner?  Of course they yelled at her that it was their chair that she was taking.  She wasn't even a customer!  Another gentleman walked in and took a seat, put down his stuff on the adjacent seat, and told the waiter that he will just have a coffee to start and that he was waiting for his friends to show up.  The waiter explained that he will need to wait for his friends to show up first before he can be seated and, further, he would have to wait by the wall until he was directed to take a table.  The guy then said, oh, "I was lying.  It's just me.  I am going to eat by myself " to which the waiter said, "well, I can't serve you then since you lied to me".  The guy became huffy and walked off in disbelief.  He didn't respect the fact that he needed to wait in order to be seated, and that he couldn't be seated until his entire party arrived.  Heck, these are the rules at Olive Garden -- what is so difficult to follow here?  Again, just show respect, and you will be fine.  Be an impatient, pushy, entitled (lying) jerk, and earn the wrath you are due.  So if you can survive actually acquiring a table, then you are in for a true reward.  The menu is crazy large, and you can't possibly know what to order.  The answer is simple enough, though -- anything!  Seriously, everything is good here.  You can't mess up.  It's idiot-proof!I began with the "crisp hash, eggs, and toast" breakfast special ($16) which I took with the "Mexi" option which includes chicken, chorizo, and hatch.  What an amazing hash!!  (note the double exclamation points).  The texture of the potatoes was simply perfect, so crisp and yet flavorful.  Folded into the mix, I really enjoyed the spicy chorizo and the assertiveness of the hatch (a Mexican chile).  For a dish that you would expect to be pretty heavy, it wasn't that way at all.  A great balance of flavors that had me eating more than I could have thought possible  (I finished the very large portion with nary a moment of hesitation).  Additionally, my choice of scrambled eggs was nicely done, softer than I usually encounter.   For dessert, if you will, we went with the ebelskivers ($10)!  I was first introduced to these delights in Solvang, CA.  I was taken with them at first sight, but I never realized that they could be improved upon.  By far, these were the best ebelskivers I have ever had.  The airiness quality in them is something else.  Our bowl housed 7 of these heavenly bodies all surrounding a central cup filled with freshly made schlag.  Take one, dip it into that creamy goodness, bite, and savor the moment.  What a perfect way to cap any meal!                 Given that huge menu, I so want to come back here again and again and try just about everything else.  The prices are on the high end for breakfast, but the quality of the food absolutely merits it.  Just make sure you are on your best manners when you go.  A little bit of humility in life will reward you richly.  Enjoy.
<review# 348,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2011,4/4/2011,170,236,11,12,17>Oh, hello basket o' bacon and fried pickles. So nice of you to clog my arteries.It's totally okay though because I read that France, which runs its staple on butter and wine, is one of the top 5 countries least likely for men to contract cardiovascular diseases.I'm not a man but I'm willing to "change" to be included in this epidemiology.Kidding! Just try the bacon and fried pickles dagnabbit. They're good.
<review# 349,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2011,4/2/2011,257,539,35,22,24>Remember when we were 16 and used to take those silly tests in Cosmo to figure out whether that cute guy from biology had the hots for us like we did for him? Don't you miss those tests?  I thought so.  So I've taken the liberty of recreating one below.  Are you and Ten Degrees a match made in heaven?  Question 1:Do you enjoy good looking bartenders?YesNoQuestion 2:On a typical night out, you drink:a) Beerb) Winec) Delicious cocktailsd) all of the aboveQuestion 3:When choosing a bar to patronize, you look for:a) underage NYU girlsb) die-hard hipstersc) an interesting mix of laid back peopled) call girlsQuestion 4:You enjoy being hassled at the door by bouncers and/or waiting in line in sub-freezing weather:TrueFalseQuestion 5:You feel at home in a bar when:a) there's gallons of beer spilled on the floor and, hopefully, peanut shells toob) the lighting's dim and the atmosphere's cozyc) there's a place to sitd) people are pushing and shoving and you can't movePoint distribution:Question 1 - True: 5 points.  False: 0 points.Question 2 - a, b or c: 3 points.  d: 5 points.Question 3 - a or b: 0 points. c: 5 points.  d: 1 point (we reward honesty around here)Question 4 - True: 0 points.  False: 5 points.Question 5 - a: 0 points. b: 5 points.  c: 2 points.  d: 0 points.Add 'em up!If you scored 20 - 25 points: ding ding ding!!  We have a winner.  Proceed immediately to Ten Degrees.  Love will ensue.If you scored 10 - 19 points:  does. not. compute.If you scored 0 - 9 points: I don't want to know you.Thanks for playing!
<review# 350,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2011,4/1/2011,241,290,14,15,14>Carolina from Calabria was our Nonna of the night. I started with the Insalata della Nonna: mixed green salad with mozzarella $7. It was just fine. Non wilty mixed greens, cherry tomatoes, small fresh mozarella balls. The boys (nearly 22 months now) had Minestra di Verdure - Assorted vegetables simmered with cannellini beans in a vegetable and herb broth. $9. Very good!! Also got Lasagna al Quattro Formaggi - Pasta sheets layered with a creamy béchamel made with a blend of four Italian cheeses. $15, but only had a little bite (hey feeding toddlers and yourself is hard).My main course? Aragosta Ripiena - Lobster stuffed with shrimp, breadcrumbs and fresh herbs then coated with Italian olive oil and baked. $25. Incredible. Really amongst the best lobster I have ever had. The stuffing? Good enough to eat on it's own. Dessert? I got the Torta di Nutella: Espresso soaked ladyfingers topped with nutella and whipped cream. $10 it was fine, but I wished I had ordered what my husband got..yes I swiped a taste of his Gelato Affogato:Frozen vanilla custard topped with a shot of espresso. $10OK, you still reading? Well the food and the staff (super nice and helpful with the babies, always checking in with us) 5 stars!!! The problem? The loss of the 5th star? THE NOISE. THE NOISE NOISE NOISE NOISE. The music starts off on the loud side, but it is still background music, until...out of nowhere, it's blasting!!! At which point I had a flashback to the only other time we were there with Atif back in '07 and we requested the music be lowered. The owner's solution...drink more wine. ARG. it was so damn loud we were shouting with our dinner companions and after a while we just gave up trying to have a conversation at all. My little guys even started to cover their ears it was just too loud, and the owner really doesn't give a fuck if it's too loud. Not only that, it is weirdly eclectic not going well together music, jumping from Led Zep to Sade, then opera and The Police. Just awful.
<review# 351,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2009,9/27/2009,794,428,39,34,34>Amazing.I get a compliment from every one of my 450 students on the gorgeous lanyard necklace I got from here. I can wear it 451 different ways and it magically spruces up any outfit.The incredible women who work here could not be more talented or keen. They are in fact, the best jewelers in the world. Babies play with my necklace and they grow beautiful locks of hair.Men look at me and turn into pillars of salt. Shit's crazy.Seven stars.
<review# 352,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2009,9/26/2009,250,720,26,45,28>I did a LOT of preparation before coming here.  Seriously.  I read all the Yelp reviews, talked to my peeps, and wrote a detailed "what to do" email to my friend.  I also denied a third friend because I was worried about party size.After showing up (a Friday around 11AM) all the tables were full, so I sauntered over to the random shelf of canned foods to wait.  A waiter came over (I think Shopsin's son?) and asked "Are you waiting to eat?  Stand over there."  Terrified I had messed up, I scurried over to the wall across from the cheese shop, head down, partially covering my face.I'd only check my phone when I was out of viewing distance from Shopsin (sitting in a comfy chair inside the restaurant) and I kept it in my purse at all times.  Once my friend arrived, Shopsin's son seated us.  He was actually quite pleasant.  After I ordered the Nutella shake, he said "One of your friends told you to order that, huh?"  Yes, my beloved friend, Yelp.So we shared the shake (absolutely freaking delicious.  not too sweet, thick but not too thick to flow through the straw), Tasty 1 (butterscotch, mac & cheese, smore pancakes), and the Blisters in my Sisters with chorizo.  We weren't totally enamored with the mac & cheese pancakes.  I mean they were quite good (yes, with the maple + hot sauce), but I wouldn't be able to eat more than one.  The smore and butterscotch, whew, now those were tasty TASTY.  Next time I want to try the slutty pancakes for sure!  The pancake batter is perfectly fluffy and light.  AND you get real maple syrup!  But in all honesty the pancakes were so flavorful they didn't even need the excess calories.  The Blisters in my Sisters was good.  A hearty egg dish with lots of oomph.  Not so incredible that I'd need to order this again, though.Granted we were here on a weekday and it was not crowded, but service was pretty solid.  We never felt rushed.  I was almost disappointed in the lack of drama until we saw a random woman sit in Shopsin's seat, thinking it was a seat for people to sit in while waiting.  Ooohhhh.  Shopsin's daughter unsuccessfully tried to evict her.  Shopsin returned, asked the lady to leave, and after she refused, tried to physically dump her out of the chair.  Finally, she left after he took her grocery cart and pushed it away, all while mocking her.  Wow.  Brunch and a show!I think this could be a five (provided I don't get yelled at), but I first need to find a savory dish that lives up to the pancakes!So here's what led to my success:1. Don't come with more than two people.  There are three tables of two, and room for three at the counter.2. Study, study, STUDY the menu online beforehand.  Be ready to order within a few minutes.3. Don't ask for recommendations or substitutions.4. Don't be a vegan.  Vegetarian is okay.5. Don't use your phone when Shopsin can see you while you're waiting.  Don't keep your phone out while seated.6. Don't order too much food.  If you do, the chef will come out and tell you "That's way too much fucking food.  I'm not cooking it all unless you eat it all."7. Don't come on a Saturday, unless you want to wait forever.  Don't come on a Sunday because they're not open.8. Don't come if you're on a diet.9. CASH ONLY.  I can't even imagine what Shopsin would do if you threw down an AmEx Platinum on the check.10.  Don't ask if they do take-out or delivery.  They don't.
<review# 353,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2008,9/25/2009,548,384,16,15,17>Now, now.... These reviews are rather nasty, so let's bring these rating stats to a clean Slate shall we? While it's true that Slate has corporate airs and a dated decor feel, you can't deny the two good and solid reasons to nod at this place: you can play and you can play.Slate has all the offerings of your standard lounge; lots of private cushioned seats and settings for bottle service, a sprawling bar (and food service as well) and a dark environment with music for you to: play. But cross to the annexed room and you will find that which makes Slate a great place to have fun: a good amount of pool and ping pong tables for you to: play.Then you go downstairs.A huuuuge basement replete with 4 times the amount of Pool/Ping Pong Tables upstairs, many, many cushioned inlets for you and your friends to drink and chat; Slate has the potential to entertain large groups of friends in more ways than one, you can dance, drink, and resume your pool game by scattering all the billiards with your ping pong racket, blaming it on your drunkness, of course.So to be fair, Slate depends on the day and the company you come with, but one thing is for sure, no suave lounge accomodates the playful pool/ping pong side in you as Slate probably can. The End.
<review# 354,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2009,9/24/2009,125,290,5,24,22>I totally love Beet. The first time I came here was with a bunch of friends and we'd been drinking all day. I fell in love with my Pad Thai with vegetarian duck...and I thought, well, maybe I was just really drunk and it wasn't that good. But I came back sober, ordered the exact same dish, and loved it just as much. What's so great about it to me is that there's a lot of sauce - so many other Pad Thai's are a bit dry. This is plenty saucy and that goes for the fake duck as well - very moist and tasty.They have house wine by the glass for only $4.50 - score!! I like the bathroom here. It's a unisex, with signs on the door that say "Women" and "Men". The Women sign has a flower on it and the Men sign has a banana on it. And the sink is really unique. There's a copper pipe with holes in it where the water flows out of and seems like it would be a really soothing setup for a shower. The drawback to this pretty cool design is that if you turn the faucet on a little too much, the water splashes everywhere and you end up looking like you had a little accident in the bathroom.I will be back, Beet. One of these days I need to try something other than the Pad Thai.  :)
<review# 355,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2009,9/23/2009,405,569,11,13,16>Peter and I sit in a booth at the Second Avenue Deli, picking at the half-sour pickles, cole slaw and gribenes on the table. We order matzoball soup and corned beef sandwiches with fries and prepare for an onslaught. It's our day off, but conversation eventually turns back to the magazine, to the industry, to colleagues. I make Peter try the kasha sinking on the bottom of my chicken consumé. I show him the best way to dip challah in the soup to get it good and soggy. He's never had deli with a real Jew before, he admits, and I dole out the basics of kosher. No dairy with meat. No shellfish. No pork. Lot's of rich, heavy, bland food. No matter--it is delicious. We dip the lean corned beef on rye in a tiny dab of spicy mustard and finish off the meal with a sip of chocolate soda. That's breakfast, lunch, and dinner! Peter laughs afterward.I agree, but I'm not kidding. It's 4pm and I'm done for the day.
<review# 356,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2009,9/21/2009,127,165,14,18,20>This is one classy joint.With $9 cocktails that could knock out a hippopotamus, helpful tattooed bartenders in vests and shirtsleeves, beautiful vintage wallpaper, moody lighting, thoughtfully designed and sparkling clean bathrooms, and a cool, slightly older crowd, I'm going to go ahead and say that The Richardson is my favorite bar in Brooklyn. The prices scare my somewhat-employed-former-art-student-self, but you get serious bang for your buck, and anyway...every time I've come here I've been taken care of. I think the warm, late-1950s interior has something to do with this rash of generosity, as our bartender also brought over two free drinks for the big spenders in our group. If you go (and you must), get your inner Don Draper or Joan Holloway on. Wear something snappy, order a glass of aged Whiskey or an Old-Fashioned, and it'll be a night to remember.
<review# 357,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2009,9/20/2009,315,518,45,28,35>Three Things You Didn't Know But Now You Know: 1. One year my dad bought my sister a mock-electric guitar called The Jaminator. My best friend and I rocked out on The Jaminator and stuck my little sister with two sticks to make a drum with. Thus, we created our band in my basement. All three of us. We called our band Toe Breath and we had a one hit wonder based off a local commercial jingle. 2. I have two sweet dance moves that I've coined throughout my wild days at the clubs. They're called "The Grandpa Hat" and "Spare Any Change" Ask me to show you. It would be my honor. 3. Madonia Brothers has the best bread and cannolis in all of Arthur Avenue. You need to go to Arthur Avenue for some bread and cannolis? You get your ass to Madonia, you get yourself any goddamn piece of bread in the whole store, and then you go to Duane Reade and get yourself a camera. You shove that camera to one of your friend's hands and tell them to get ready. You then ring the doorbell of wherever you're bringing your fresh Italian Bread of the Gods to. They open the door, see you brought them Madonia and yell things like "You're a Legend!  You're a Champion!  You're a Saint!  You make me not want to ever sob deeply about anything ever again and you make life worth living!" and after that awkward last chant, they carry you above their heads like the winner you are and chant your name in proud victory like in the movie Rudy.  Your friend takes a picture. Three things you didn't know, but now you now.
<review# 358,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2009,9/19/2009,106,235,10,13,13>Whatchu know bout Sui Ren?! Nothing, huh. Well it's on the verge of being on the radar, just has to be discovered!The front is really nondescript, but once you walk in it's dark and lounge like. We went straight to the back to enjoy the nice weather in the outdoor patio. So quiet and relaxing. Tuesdays is where it's at- 2 for 1 Sapporos, but each person has to get at least 2 which is fiiine by me (2 Sapporos = $8). Wednesdays are buy a ramen, get a beer free. Their food is solid. Kind of upscale izakaya grub but a notch below Zenkichi down the block so my wallet stays happy. The duck ramen was okay, but got cold very quickly since we were sitting outside. The soft yolk quail eggs wrapped with tuna were amaaazing! Something about biting into the egg and having the yolk ooze in my mouth is so gratifying. The pork buns were pretty good, but I still prefer pork belly buns. After tax and tip we each paid $35 which included 2 beers AND a dessert each. (I basically gorged myself grossss.)Amazing and our waitress couldn't have been nicer! Just waiting for the word on Sui Ren to spread like wildfire.
<review# 359,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2009,9/18/2009,611,712,20,26,26>How would you try to cheer up a lover that has just lost his job? I, selfishly, became excited and planned a trip to Bozu. Then I realized that he prefers Mexican. Not wanting to subject myself to Papacito's and not willing to travel to the Tortilleria, it became clear that it was time to test Mesa out. The G to the L later, we arrived at the hoppin' spot, to discover that the only seating available was of the communal variety. Not phased, we sat next to some happy patrons just finishing off their meals. Everything looked fantastic! We went with the dish that we use to judge a restaurant like this by - Enchiladas Verdes, and an order of guacamole & salsa borracho, a beer based salsa. I am happy (and surprised) to guacamole was fantastic, and I am a HARSH critic when it comes to this green serving of heaven. The salsa? Not so much. It didn't taste like anything special. The enchiladas, on the other hand, were special. The salsa verde was tangy and spicy, the cheese was melty and scrumptious...and it was in my stomach all too quickly! We were both pretty impressed, but felt like we were missing out when we saw everyone surrounding us had ordered the Enchiladas with mole sauce. The woman next to me remarked that she had ordered them 3 times in the last week. If that's not love, I don't know what is. In addition to great, satisfying food, I have to say that the service was fabulous. In both senses of the word... Our waiter was incredible sweet and helpful. He happily recommended the rose sangria, which I thought was fabulous, and gave us our salsa for free.."because you asked so nicely!" Mesa Coyoacan was just an all around great experience, and a wonderful pick me up. I'll definitely be back.
<review# 360,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/22/2009,9/17/2009,266,248,26,18,19>When three dudes roll to lunch together, certain rules have to be followed:1) You've got to order meat - lots of meat. No calorie counting allowed. 2) You've got to talk about girls, sports, and other manly things, like jerky and NASCAR. 3) You must provide and maintain maximum space between one another. 4) Beer is highly recommended (disclaimer: no light beer, no fruity Blue Moons).5) Order enough food to be comatose-full by the end.I showed up with a list of dishes to try from the other reviews, but all written in Korean (I wasn't going to try to pronounce them, merely point). When I sat down, the entire menu was in black and white English, so that kind of defeated the purpose. I ended up scrapping the list, and going with what sounded safe. I didn't think much of it at the time, but now I realize that we probably got some kind of American / White Boy menu. Kinda lame.The tapas weren't overly impressive, but our entrees made up for it. The shredded beef and Mandarin chicken dishes were perfectly done - huge portions, with flavorful broths and veges. I chose the worst dish (naturally) which was a chicken and glass noodle entree that was close to about 80% seaweed. Too much of an overpowering flavor for my taste.All in all, we managed to fulfill all of the previously mentioned man duties by ordering some OB's, a good Korean beer. Everything was decently priced, and the service was fine. Unless someone shows me a better Korean spot beforehand, I'm going back to get the noodles in the black bean sauce, because now I know what it is besides just the name jjajangmyun.
<review# 361,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2009,7/10/2009,110,150,19,8,17>Since visiting Moto for the first time, I have been plagued by the following dream.  Tim Burton and Helena Bonham Carter move into the apartment next door to me (preferably the one with the smelly parakeet).  On Sunday nights, we go on double dates.  Tim wears a prince nez, Helena a dirty slip.  We amble in the literal shadiness of the JMZ, stopping to smell the falafel.  We quest for nothing, but questing nothing, find Moto.  Tim and Helena immediately feel at home and begin discussing how they will Motify the riot of filth and sea foam green that passes for our lobby."Will you be Motifying the staircase as well, dear?" asks Helena.  "Natasha has such a long walk up it every day.""I shall Burtonify it," he says.We order drinks then food based on Yelp reviews.  Conversation touches upon Victorian sex toys as the warm glow of candlelight plays upon Helena's bosom. A klezmer band enters and encourages us to don goggles (the aviator kind).  Tim announces his intention to bankroll any business on Broadway between Marcy and Hewes willing to take aesthetic gambles.  I imagine a steampunk version of the falafel place. Helena and I excuse ourselves to use the bathroom downstairs.  She begs me to kiss her but settles for a dirty limerick.
<review# 362,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2008,7/9/2009,107,154,21,21,22>Nom de Guerre is the speakeasy of men's clothing.The store is, as a speakeasy should be, hidden.Right across the trendy clothing store Atrium, on the corner of Broadway and Bleecker, is a humble looking stairway leading to the basement. There is a sign right outside of it telling you that downstairs is a printing store (clever trick or over labored effort?). Although there is a graffiti of the store's name on the pavement, had you not known of store Nom De Guerre beforehand, you would have just assumed that the graffiti was one more work of street art in SoHo.Going down the stairs, A. and I were first met with .... (surprise!) a basement complete with cinder blocks, flickering lights, puddle of dirty water, and graffiti. But A., having been here before, knew that the store was behind the unmarked door.Inside was a tiny and sparsely decorated space. As we enter, I immediately realize that there's no air conditioning inside-- just a large industrial fan whirling away. There are two floors, with the lower one being the one with marked-down items. There's only one person on staff, and he looks up at us as we enter, greet us, and allows us to browse without being bothered. Well, it's really only A. who is doing the browsing.Of the two of us, A. is the only one who could shop here because Nom De Guerre is a men's clothing shop with goods way above my price range.I look through the stuff, mostly out of curiosity, and I turn around to tell A. that I actually really like the clothes here. After all, a speakeasy isn't a speakeasy based on its in-the-know attitude alone-- a crappy secret is... a crappy secret. But Nom De Gurre is more remarkable for the quality of its goods, rather than any attempts at secrecy.The clothes here simple and smart. From the limited color palette (white, black, gray, and sometimes blue or brown) to the sparse designs, the clothes at Nom De Guerre attest to the aesthetics of simplicity. Because I've always had disdain for visually loud and overly trendy designs, I was impressed how the clothing here was both simple, clean, and yet undeniably trendy. And let's not kid ourselves, I found myself very much attracted to the well-dressed mannequins, despite their not having faces (or perhaps more so?).
<review# 363,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2008,7/8/2009,322,273,12,23,19>I've never had ramen not out of a package before so when people started telling me about this place, I couldn't quite fathom why people would pay so much for ramen.I associate the food with college kid budgets and sodium induced highs. However after last night's visit, my life is changed.They probably shouldn't call it ramen because it doesn't really deserve the negative connotation. The wait can be brutal but that's understandable.The ambiance is beautiful.There is a small bar as soon as you walk in with a wall full of unique ramen bowls (must be a bitch to dust and keep clean!)The hostess is adorable. To keep her waitees straight, she draws little pictures of what each person is wearing. My friend and I were known as green coat and black coat (full-on trench/peacoat pictures in effect).The restaurant is a lot larger than I thought. There are beautiful private booths (probably would be great for big dinner parties) and long wooden tables made for family-style eating. There are stark white walls with pop out Japanese characters and an open kitchen so you can witness all their noodle-making chaos.Don't expect a terribly expansive menu- they're really known for their broth ramens.There are five different kinds. Classic, Modern, a Spicy Classic, Miso, and Soy. I was told the Modern was the most savory so I decided to go for that. I opted to add in a flavored hard-boiled egg. It was everything I expected it to be. The broth was so incredibly flavorful- it was a blend of creamy pork flavors infused with a wonderful garlic aroma (don't worry, the garlic is subtle so you can still kiss your heart out later on, ha ;) )The noodles are al dente and fresh. They are a little reminiscent of somen noodles but without the mushiness. There are three pieces of tender pork meat, cooked so well that the fat was nothing but an explosion of juiciness that dissolves automatically on the tongue (and I despite fat!). Might be worth it to spring for an extra side order of it.The broth, in all its deliciousness was ultimately too salty for me to finish but is really worth every single slurp.I definitely woke up this morning with an intense craving that is foreign to my carb-conscious self.
<review# 364,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2009,7/7/2009,608,608,22,27,25>There are a number of ways I could decide to begin my review of Daniel.  In the spirit of "Choose Your Own Adventure," I could be clever/funny/cool and ask you to take your pick of any one of the following, and you would likely not blink an eye:1) Have you ever had a pear chip? [IF THIS IS YOUR FAVORITE, GO TO (A).]2) I tried every type of bread available tonight. [IF THIS IS YOUR FAVORITE, GO TO (B).]3) You know a place is posh when your purse gets its very own stool. [IF THIS IS YOUR FAVORITE, GO TO (C).]4) Nothing like having four desserts to celebrate your birthday. [IF THIS IS YOUR FAVORITE, GO TO (D).]or, my personal favorite...5) My belt popped during my meal. Literally. [IF THIS IS YOUR FAVORITE, GO TO (E).]* ~ * ~ *A) Imagine a potato chip...but erase the -otato and add -ear. Paper thin and concentrated in flavor, this deceptively simple element of my amazing star anise roasted pear dessert was probably the highlight of that course.B) With the exception of the sourdough varieties (although I'm from San Francisco, I dislike sourdough -- I know, this is sacrilege!), I had, in chronological order, the olive roll, the sweet butter roll, the roasted nut slice, the raisin and walnut slice, the mini French baguette, and the garlic focaccia.  In case you couldn't tell, that is a lot of bread. Add to that the fact that they even REPLACED my butter dish (with a brand new pat of butter)...and you get the picture. Although they were all good in their own way, I have two comments: (1) I was not a fan of the dry dusting of something-or-other on the garlic focaccia, and (2) the sweet butter roll was divine. It was, essentially, the epitome of what bread should be.C) And if that doesn't tip you off, then the fact that it takes three servers to serve you your one dish should.D) Imagine my surprise when, upon receiving my roasted pear dessert, a molten chocolate cake dish, plate of petit fours, and basket of freshly baked madelines also materialized...voila!E) In my defense, my belt was a patent leather wrap belt that very easily slides one way to the other in the style of the following: img4.realsimple.com/imag….  Still, it was more than worth the three-and-a-half pounds I gained in one evening. I had never understood the term "food coma" until that night. I think Nico stared at me a few times with the "WTF happened to her??" look on his face.* ~ * ~ *In lieu of any of the above, however, I believe the following should suffice:That day, the twenty-_____th anniversary of my birth, shall henceforth be known as the day on which I experienced the most amazing meal in New York...ever.There.I said it.AMAZING. And my best in New York...(so far).The service was hospitable and welcoming.  On a side note, I was surprised to discover that, contrary to what one may expect, it is NOT a requirement to speak French to work here.  Even so, conversation with the servers can be un petit probleme...because their probably-French accents make everything -- even garlic bread -- sound exotic.  I used Open Table to reserve, but called up the restaurant to change numbers.  They did not bat an eyelash when I changed my reservations down to one person. Yes, I went to Daniel alone. Yes, I had an amazing time. People really need to stop freaking out about how "brave" you have to be to eat out alone. Are you comfortable with yourself? Do you not like your own company? I think these questions go to a deeper problem than just a simple solo meal can address.However, I digress. The food was wonderful, and even with "just" the three course prix fixe, I was still full 36 hours later. Yup. Pretty crazy.The cast (in order of appearance):Amuse bouche of a trio of beets-inspired dishes.Appetizer of paprika-crusted Maine lobster tail with roast broccolini and this punchy spiced pine nuts sauce.(Surprise guest appearance by) Chef's complimentary dish of ravioli in a sweet-ish brown sauce.Main course of duck two-ways (breast and a dark meat egg-roll-type thing). The duck was succulent, and the skin was delicious, but I didn't like the citrus (grapefruit?) used on top....could have done better with Mandarin orange in my opinion.Dessert of star anise roasted pear on gingerbread with a scoop of toasted pecan ice cream.(Second surprise guest appearance by) Chef's complimentary dessert of a molten lava chocolate cake with vanilla ice cream.Petit fours...and freshly baked madelines........with a consistent cast of extras in the form of the olive roll, the sweet butter roll, the roasted nut slice, the raisin and walnut slice, the mini French baguette, and the garlic focaccia.Is it any surprise my belt popped?110% worth eating Ramen and Cup O'Noodles for a week in order to drop the $165 (which, I note, is surprisingly affordable....for (i) no alcohol, (ii) an order of bottled water, (iii) tea with dessert, and (iv) a 25%+ tip) to experience this masterpiece.
<review# 365,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/24/2009,7/6/2009,256,207,22,19,18>This review goes against everything I believe in:Tony's di Napoli is a generic family-style (bleh) Italian restaurant blasting music from Rat Pack crooners (ugh), tons of obvious tourists (boo) peppered with the occasional power suit (that was me).IN TIMES SQUARE.If I hadn't been desperately trying to find an "in" with my new co-workers I would have ridiculed whoever's choice this was.And then I started eating.The steak was incredibly tender, the baked clams cooked to just the right texture, the pasta perfect, everything was great.  One plate better than the next.  We paired the meal with wine to start (generic uninteresting wine list) and shared pitchers of beer through the end.  It came to $35 a person.They win this one, but seriously what's next, Red Lobster?(Mmm, cheese biscuits.)
<review# 366,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2009,7/5/2009,168,363,16,17,17>I have fallen in love...AGAIN. Deep fried okra you have a competitor. Your competition for my heart is fried artichoke hearts with spicy mayo. Holy mother of god!! I can die now. Thank you.The first basket of chips is free and comes with green (tomatillo) and red (smokey, chipotle) salsas. The chips are not overly salty or greasy and are the perfect size. The guac is a somewhat small portion for the cost, and a bit too mashed (I like it chunkier with more cilantro and lime), but very good.  We spotted a fellow patron who ordered a burrito, which was the size of a small child. This place is perfect for a warm, sunny Saturday afternoon with good friends. Sit outside on the back patio at communal--but not invasive--picnic tables. Be sure to order a pitcher of sangria* ($18) too. (Which could be a tad bit sweeter...it was a little too dry for my taste)**The waitstaff is friendly, attentive and not pushy at all. Translation: they don't hover over you and make you think you have to hurry up and leave. *That, however did not  prevent us from ordering two more pitchers and drinking them all. **Liz is NOT allowed to have that much sangria. Ever.
<review# 367,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2009,7/4/2009,127,165,25,26,23>Kiehl's Ultra Facial Moisturizer with SPF 15 is the only lotion that will ever touch my skin.* The Abyssine Eye Cream is the only eye cream I've ever used. I started buying their Creme de Corps body lotion when I was sixteen, after reading that a famous model was a fan, and haven't looked back to the drugstore since.** I also bought my Poppa a gift set from here last Christmas, and dude was psyched.*** Oh, and FYI: the Musk Eau de Toilette is one of the best unisex scents on the market, by which I mean I'll probably attack you if you're wearing it. Even if you a lady.****This particular location is wonderful. Their gift wrapping is gorgeous and free, the window displays are thoughtful (a lost art, really), there are drawers full of free samples at the checkout, and I love how the salespeople wear spotless white lab coats.*Until old age and big money kick in...then it's Crème de la Mer all the way.** Except when I'm really low on money. Kiehl's is expensive, but a little goes a long way, especially when it comes to their facial products.***My Dad also wanted tickets to the Rufus Wainwright concert for his birthday. Gayyyy.****Okay, there's no 'probably' about it. It's really that good.
<review# 368,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2009,7/3/2009,801,145,11,21,18>I don't even know how to describe the love I have for this place.I didn't know which one I should taste so I ordered a savory crepe of sauteed chicken and mushrooms w/ swiss cheese and pesto. When I took a bite I didn't know that it would taste that good. The chicken wasn't chewy and the mushrooms were fresh, but I think what really did it was the swiss cheese. The swiss cheese really worked well with the chicken and especially with the fresh mushrooms, although I really didn't taste any pesto which she probably forgot...but it was still delicious.Sweet or savory either one is good. Luckily my boyfriend had a sweet tooth so he ordered a sweet crepe; "The Famous Crepe". The famous crepe consisted of FRESH strawberries, bananas, nutella inside and topped with vanilla ice cream and whipped cream. GOOD LORD WAS IT GOOD! What really put it over the top was the fresh strawberries. It was really really fresh, like they have  strawberries growing in the back of their store or something.I've read a lot of reviews about crepes and some people complain about the crepes being too thick, but creperie crepes were just perfect. It was not thick at all so it doesn't overwhelm the stuff inside, but it also wasn't too thin that you couldn't taste the crepe at all. It was also cooked a nice golden brown.I've never had crepes before and creperie opened up a world of sweet magic and wonder to my taste buds.
<review# 369,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2008,7/2/2009,308,363,18,18,17>As a Filipino, my appreciation of pork was cultivated at a very early age.  I can - and will - eat pork a million different ways, from pork blood stew (diniguan) to deep fried knuckles (crispy pata) to whole roasted suckling pig (lechon).  I've probably eaten everything but the snout (those ears sure do get nice and crispy!).  So whenever an opportunity arises to try pork in a new way, you know this little piggy ain't staying home.My Yelper-in-crime sent me a link with a picture of the Porchetta sandwich and my salivary glands went into overdrive immediately.  We made our way down there on a Friday night, around 9:30.  I was anticipating a long line out the door b/c of the reviews and blogs, but we lucked out and had no wait at all.  We even snagged a few stools along their tiny counter and made friendly with Matt, the chef/owner's cousin and resident cashier.  There were three of us, so Matt recommended that we each get a sandwich and then share the potatoes and greens (broccoli rabe).  The sandwich was everything I hoped it would be - salty, crunchy, juicy...I'll go so far as to say it was absolutely porkalicious.  The rosemary added a nice flavor, although I do agree that it could have used a little bit of something else to cut the saltiness.  The greens did a decent job of that, but maybe I should have just stuck them in my sandwich.  The potatoes, as everyone else has noted, were delicious.  Gotta love crispy bits of pork mixed in with taters!It's not my habit to eat sandwiches for dinner, so I was a little worried that it wouldn't fill me up.  But they really stuff the ciabatta with plenty of pork, so I was quite full by the end.  My friends only ate half their sandwiches in order to save room for dessert - I'm rarely that forward-thinking, unfortunately.My friend asked Matt how many sandwiches one of those bad boys serves up, and he said about 25.  We also found out that you can buy a whole one for $30/lb, and they weigh about 10-15 lbs.  Damn, that's a lot of pork sandwiches!  But who's complaining?  Certainly not this little piggy.
<review# 370,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2009,6/30/2009,611,712,33,31,32>Dude.......Dude!!!They gave me the Princess Plate! That's right. I ordered yellow rice, beans, and a mound of their PERFECTLY cooked bacon. And they served it up on a Disney Princess plate. It's amazing to me that such a simple touch could make me feel all the more regal and splendid. I happily chomped on the ginormous 4.00 portion of vittles, and drank my Country Club soda with my pinky out. I didn't give this place enough credit in my first review, but Park Avenue Luncheonette has become my go to spot for lunch. My coworkers rave about the pernil and the roasted chicken, which paired with rice and beans will run you only $5.00. Amazing! Park Avenue Luncheonette : Where Princess Briana of Brooklyn Dines
<review# 371,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2012,10/26/2012,236,311,16,24,19>It looks to me like Korea Spoon is targeting a different type of clientele. But don't judge the book by the cover. I am not talking about the prototypical Western meet East and vice versa even when the looks and many of the patrons can trick you. I actually think more of a sophisticated dinner type, you think of it: family occasions or business will fit quite well but don't think on a very formal occasion, neither high scale because it does not feel like that either. Casual dining can happen on a beautiful space too. I am curious to see how the look affects their business. It is chic, very modern and spacious. Trendy from the floors to the ceiling to the servers. Even the dinnerware breaths on style. What do you think? my Korean friends said it is too fancy for many Koreans/Asians to get in there. I don't like to make this kind of assertions because I think I am being disrespectful. But that may explain the mixed crowds. Because under the view of a tourist, generally Caucasian, I remember to be fascinated but quite intimidated also of KTown several years back on my first visit to New York. Who would have tell I'd become one of the most frequent visitors nowadays. At any case, when you don't know, you will surely choose Korea Spoon. But here is the difference. Even if you know, it will be an excellent choice. I like it and feel clean, chill out and really pleasant. I am bringing my parents here next time they come to visit. Besides the looks, this baby is not only pretty but the food is pretty good too. There is 2 separated areas and a couple of private rooms. While downstairs you can get regular menu, upstairs is reserved for BBQ.The menu is large, a good representation that focus on Jjigaes (stews) and Bimbimbop. In the few occasions I been there, have never try their BBQ so that I can't tell you. I think that will be next. Apparently, they will be getting their liquor license in one week. If that is what you are waiting for, just wait a little longer. Its coming. I love their banchan and the spiciness and overall taste is right on point. That's what I mean about not being trick. There is no try to adapt to Western palates but rather the food is quite similar to their neighbors. Similar or even better. Outstanding dishes for me are their Dolsot BimBimbop, either with seafood or just octopus. I absolutely love it. And also the tofu Jae Yook  kimchi bokkum (spicy pork and Kimchee stir fry served with firm tofu). I love this dish too. Probably more than others. My Saengtae jjigae (pollack fish, mushrooms and tofu stew) was really good. As well as their pig feet as appetizer. I know it is not the most popular dish, but I do like it and its better than the times I had it at Gam Mi Oak. By the way, looks like we will be attending a battle for the best Seol Leong Tang (ox tail soup) because no one could beat Gam mi oak on this. I like the broth better there, however Korea Spoon does a much better job with the meat they use. The noodles goes to Gam Mi Oak . Soon Dubu was ok , but not bad. Order it if you are in the mood for it. However, their cold noodles were pretty good too and I'd order them. I have taste also seafood Panjeon (pancakes) and it is excellent. Among meats, their bossam (steamed pork with lettuce wrapping) it is been very good but as I said, can't tell about their BBQ. Looking forward to hear what you think of it. The service is excellent and very attentive. Once we weren't Koreans in the table and so they explained to us what was every dish and how we should eat it. I liked that a lot. You can order repeated times more banchan and water and tea glasses are refilled continuously. I am walking on a cane this days and they still show me and help me out when I am in my way to the ladies room. I like that a lot too. Last time I went on a large group dinner and at the end of the meal we were granted with fruit platters on the house. And presented in such a cute way. You know, carved fruit and a carrot on a beautiful butterfly shape. Like the one appears on The Rooftop Prince. Maybe they wanna follow the trend on this also. You should watch it by the way. How not to gain us with that. Girls, this is cute and you will love it. They are working hard to make business and honestly I like that very much too. But the food speaks by itself. They gain me for many reasons already. And I will definitely come back .
<review# 372,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2012,10/25/2012,201,179,6,26,22>My roommate(non-yelper, but I'm working on that) was here last week and had good things to say about it. She had only been here for wine, but said it was great for a date, so off I went.  Dark entrance, dark bar, dark stairway, dark red walls, oh so mysteriously charming. I made reservations online, just in case. The place wasn't too crowded, but the host asked if I had reserved a table. Why do they do that when there's plenty of space on Tuesday night? Thankfully, I made a reservation through their website and we were sat at a cozy table at the window on the second floor. Overlooking 52nd St, and being tucked away from everyone else made the experience better. There's just something about being hidden in a dark corner in an unfamiliar place with someone. There was French music playing softly in the background and the waiter was so attentive. So attentive that he leaned WAY in while we ordered. I could smell his breath. I wasn't bad, but strangers shouldn't be so close.  I wonder if he spoke English? He did a lot of nodding and smiling and pointing at the menu, and I do not recall him speaking at all. It added to the charm. We ordered the grilled octopus salad to start, along with wine of course. The salad was good, fresh arugula, perfectly grilled cephalopod, not chewy at all, with a little char. Yum.  I had the beef/lamb/feta burger. It was cooked to order, but they're a little stingy with the cheese. Date had the braised short ribs over French lentils, looked like a delicious stew from across the table. Then there was dessert...Holy creme brulee. I'll do you one better- Holy FREE creme brulee, for both of us! It was amazing! Perfect texture- creamy/sweet. Perfectly flamed crunchy/caramel top, and a nice espresso layer under all that cream. Apparently Tuesday is "couple's night" and they give you dessert if you RSVP through their website. So, grab your BF/GF, log onto OKCupid, borrow the neighbor's dog, or take your grandma to a nice dinner. Show up as a pair and get yourself some FREE and fabulous creme brulee!
<review# 373,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2012,10/24/2012,155,315,11,9,11>I've contemplated this review for a good six months now, since I've realized It Has Been A Really Long Time Since I've Written a Review (And Now, Even Longer). I had this hilarious analogy on how it's like getting back on the saddle for the first time, but I scrapped that idea when I wound up in France for the summer, thinking that my comeback would be even more glorious if I wrote a review of a French place in French. Well, after ten weeks, all I can say is what I knew when I came to France: "Voulez-vous couchez avec moi?" and "Mon dieu!" While I'm sure I could write a review with that (if I walked into a store saying the former, and it resulted in the latter utterance), I believe that length as well as substance matters.My really witty analogy had something to do with how it's sweet and hard and...not an accurate description of Molly's Cupcakes. I had been sent to Molly's by a Houston Yelper, he who loves cheesecake, with the request that I try the blueberry cheesecake cupcake and let him know how it was. I got lost on the way there (because my mental Google Maps is actually a Yahoo! maps, and I assume otherwise), but the blueberry cupcake made it worth it. It was a vanilla cake filled with cheesecake cream (or whatever form it took to get into the cupcake's center). The cheesecake filling made it pretty fabulous, but my favorite parts were the cupcake top, which was moist and of the texture of a good banana bread (where, if some had gotten stuck on the top of a bakery box, you'd be scraping it off and delivering it to your  mouth), and the graham cracker crumbs, which were nice, solid blocks of sugary goodness.Molly's is by where I live, so I've been back on many an occasion. The regular cupcakes (i.e. the standard cake + frosting on top) are pretty good, though I prefer Georgetown Cupcakes for the standard formula. But, you can choose your cake (chocolate, carrot, red velvet, banana, and vanilla), your frosting (vanilla, chocolate, cream cheese, french buttercream, and brown butter--brown butter wins at EVERYTHING), and toppings (m&ms, chocolate chips, gummy bears, ice cream, brownie chunks, etc.). The best part is the station to the side where you can dump as many sprinkles on the cupcake as possible, because, as in the case where I got a birthday cupcake for someone, nothing says I love you more than making it rain on a cupcake.The other filled cupcakes are pretty fabulous. I also adore the creme brulee, with that soft chewy top, a creme filling, and a bruleed top (one day, I am going to open up a bakery where I take things and brulee everything in it, from cheesecake to plasticware--this is a place where you eat with your hands). The peach cobbler is also a good approximation of its namesake, with a peach puree filling, brown sugar streusel, and whipped cream topping. There are seasonal cupcakes, such as the pumpkin spice. It is also my favorite, because 1) where can you go wrong with a mascarpone filling, and 2) the cupcake top is less soft and slightly crisp at the edges, which goes nicely with the cream cheese frosting.The interior has, by the counter, wooden swing-type chairs (the top and bottom are attached to the ceiling and floor, lest sugar-crazed individuals decide to try some Cirque du Soleil moves). There are also several wooden tables and chairs, along with an array of board games.Overall, the regular cupcakes work in a pinch, but the center-filled cupcakes are good facsimiles of desserts in cupcake form. It's like having a compact, travel-friendly dessert without having to share. Sharing is overrated anyway--sharing might be caring, but before you love others, you must first love yourself.
<review# 374,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2012,10/23/2012,532,204,5,8,3>My history of karaoke begins with my singing in a summer camp karaoke shack with 4 other little girls the following: Live - Lightning Crashes, B -52's - Love Shack and the heinous but awesome hit:  4 Non Blondes - Whats Up [ blackacrebrewing.com/hey…  ] I gave karaoke a rest for many many years as the above was truly an epic experience which could not be easily rivaled.  Post College Nostalgia for youth:  Fugees - Killing Me Softly, Queen - Bohemian Rhapsody, Brandy & Monica - The Boy is Mine.Clearly these are all songs that should be sung secretly in a back room and yes, Karaoke One 7 has one of these.  That being said my birthday group was pretty talented and confident in their Frank Sinatra skills.  We were singing in the front, at the bar, pass the mike around style!  Oh man.  As people on the street are gazing in the glass windows at us...I decide I will not be sharing my skills with the masses on this particular night. Well.. as it turns out there was quite a supportive room on this particular Thursday night, some very drunk people that loved everyone, a very dis-interesed super pop Korean guy working the bar, and a random smattering of other people passing through.  I was coaxed into singing some old school Madonna hits and Moon River with the 70 year old birthday boy, and I have to say it was fun and one of the most relaxing group audience karaoke experiences I have ever had.I am coming back to this small little karaoke gem, bring your posse, take over the front room!!  Its pay per song so you can put your song in the queue and stay as long or as little as you'd like!  They also have half priced drinks during certain hours.... to help you get your confidence up!!!
<review# 375,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2012,10/22/2012,1692,2894,5,8,6>Excellent, excellent. Wonderful service, beautiful ambiance, tasty food. Really special.I'd go back for the biscuits alone. Seriously.The sommelier was helpful, and we ended up getting a really great sauvignon blanc that we wouldn't have tried otherwise. Crab cakes appetizer portion is small, but it bursts with flavor.My salmon was really awesome. I relished every bite. It's not like how you've had salmon in the past.The finale, the desserts, were excellent. The pistachio creme brulee was the best creme brulee I think I've ever had, and the coconut cake (special) was really spectacular. They also served up some awesome earl grey gelato (with the chocolate cake).High recommend for a special occasion.
<review# 376,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2012,10/21/2012,327,345,10,11,8>Just as soon as I stopped swooning about their downtown location...this happened: A Drybar opened in the Parker Meridien. And yes, their hours are 7AM - 10PM. Do you know what this means?? I can get a blow out and still make it to work by 8AM. So when Friday rolls around and I want awesome hair to kick my weekend off right, you know I'm trolling their app for an appointment. The subterranean space is a tad small, and while it can feel claustrophobic without any windows and sunshine, I don't think any of that matters when you walk in bright and early and someone offers you a coffee and coiffure. Just like it's first NYC location downtown, the atmosphere is cheery, with framed mirrors, yellow and gray accents...mercy me. I have to say, the stylists in this location seem to be a bit more on their A-game than downtown as well. They always do my hair perfectly, and for the most part it stays all day, and let's all be honest for a minute...when you have a fabulous blow out, don't you just walk around like you are hot stuff?Let's not forget that Drybar boasts a $40 blow out, so I can actually afford to go, plus I don't mind forking over my money to the friendly staff who keep my credit card on file so the entire thing is super fast and easy...which is especially important to get to work on time, all the while looking fantastic. If you haven't been to the Drybar at all, then you probably have bad hair. Sorry, but someone had to tell you. If you haven't been to the one in midtown, please don't become a patron, because it's hard enough getting an appointment as it is. And if the owner, Alli, is reading this, please please please open another location, preferably on the Upper East Side? 86th Street could really use you. I've said it before and I'll say it again: Blowdry bar win.
<review# 377,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2012,10/20/2012,404,259,6,6,8>Now Serving: The Best drinks in Harlem.Ginny's is a throwback. It's a tweaked recreation of a Harlem Supper Club from the post-WWII era of American Idealism. Everything from the drinks, the decor, and the food is designed to transport you to a different time... a time when we sure loved the shit out of everything "oriental", Americanized the hell out of it, and live jazz and a good cocktail after work was a God Given right. You know, if you had the money.And so it goes with Marcus Samuelson, ever tweaking comfort foods from 50 years past and charging a whole lot for them. The food here is a mix of Harlem comfort foods like the Bobo Chicken & Waffle (which is excellent), standard 50's dinner club fare (Steak, Lobster Thermidor) and throwback Americanized Asian food like 5-Spice Duck with Scallion pancake (just one itty lil' bitty one!) and Maitake Dumplings. Most of these dishes are solid (like the duck). Some of them are even border on excellent (Bobo Chicken). Some are total flops (Artichoke Croquette, seriously my friend basically spit it out back into the bowl). Just like upstairs though, pretty much none of them are worth the money. The portions are insultingly small (like the Shrimp and Walnut), and this from someone who both eats small and spends a lot of money on food. All that said, the bread basket is a winner (really, no sarcasm), and the desserts are downright awesome. Now I know, this doesn't sound much like a 4-Star review (it's not, I'm going with a cop-out-rific 3.75 Stars. Stop judging me. Stop it right now.) That said, this place has a few excellent things going for it...First, the drinks here are the best uptown has to offer right now. Dave, a former Death and Co alum has taken charge as head barkeep down stairs. The drinks are much better than upstairs in Red Rooster, and also cheaper. The Harlem Mule is excellent, and I also loved their tweaked Sazerac that's infused with Caraway. Just be careful though. They do not include all the ingredients on their cocktail list, and quite a few of the drinks you think are stirred actually have citrus in them and are shaken.Second, the live jazz cannot be highlighted enough as a reason to come here. It really makes this place. Will return when in Harlem. Not sure if I'd go out of the way though.On THE LIST:yelp.com/list/best-cockt…
<review# 378,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2012,10/19/2012,135,1106,12,12,14>If a nice man in a cool bow tie came up to you and asked you to try his marshmallows, would you?Yes. Yes you would.I was introduced to MitchMallows at a Yelp event in Queens (the now famous Summer Stunner!). Free samples of food everywhere, and, of course, I had to go for dessert first. Trays of colorful confectionary blocks drew me in immediately. Flavor tags reading "Cremesicle", "Wasabi Ginger", and "Pretzels & Beer" made me scratch my head with a happy curiosity.I partook.I was pleased!I will admit, marshmallows are not "my thing". Even as I advance in my years, I still have these food texture quirks that haunt me from my childhood. However, a handcrafted marshmallow trumps a prepackaged, mass manufactured one any day of the week. It's a lighter and spongier texture that's simple fresh.Not to be selfish and try them all, I only tried a few flavors but was pleasantly satiated. My friend Lori and I tried the special churro flavor, which was divine. Literally, on the train ride to Queens, we had been discussing how we wished a churro seller would happen to walk up and down the aisles of the 7, because we had a craving. I'm not religious, but the fact that a churro marshmallow was being showcased might have been divine intervention. I also went for the banana and chocolate flavored marshmallow. That is a flavor combination you can not go wrong with! My friend partook in other flavors available and, admittedly, we showed up to the MitchMallows both MORE than once by night's end.Mitch, keep on makin' those mallows!
<review# 379,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2012,10/18/2012,379,192,23,15,6>The other month I was watching Mr. and Mrs. Smith and I thought to myself, "You know what, Charle? If this whole 9 to 6 job thing doesn't work out for you, you should look into a job as an assassin." I'm not especially fond of oppressive dictator-types. And I'm not especially fond of people. Theoretically it should all work out.The natural progression of this thought process led me to Yelping, which led me to the Krav Maga Academy. I wanted to try out a trial class but either it's not possible or (more likely) I just couldn't figure out how to do so online. I bought a membership.I went for the first time a couple of weeks ago and I'm still recuperating. I plan on going back. Eventually. Meanwhile I'm going to spend $175/month until I gather all of the courage I can scrape off of someone else's shoulders.  The other reviews are accurate, yes. But don't think you can just waltz on in here and handle it. I made that mistake. I had to sit out half of the class just so I wouldn't throw up on anyone.
<review# 380,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2012,10/17/2012,343,357,9,5,6>As my tribute to PlatformYT and "sh*t fashion girls say" (totes amaze!) I'm going to write this entire review in "social media language."  hashtag barewithme.  Okay, so if you're like following my instagram, then you know that MoMA is totes stocked with OBSESSED art.  I die.  If you're my friend on fa-chey book-ey (FB), then you know that my FBPP is of me in front of #andywarholsmarilynmonroe because I'm artsy and MM is one of my Pinterest idols. Duh.  I tumbled about it the other day, saying how chic the museum was #obvs but twitted how packed the museum was sooooo #bridgeandtunnel.  So, I went up to the 5th floor and "liked" an article from the Times on MoMA's new artists because I read #sointheknow and then went back down to the 3rd floor to take a pic of people staring at sculptures.  Hellooooo...capturing the scene!   Then, I camera+ it to change the color to vintage, because I'm supscool, faded out the backdrop, hashtagged something so original like #mylifeissomuchbetterthanyoursbecauseimatahipmuseu­mbitches, to of course post it back on my fa-chey book-ey, instagram, twitter, tumblr, pinterest, & google+. And of course, all my followers liked it.  :) ---And scene.  Remember the days of Friendster, it was so easy back then...
<review# 381,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2012,9/25/2012,637,1575,14,9,7>Hot & sexy like sunday on the beach...Friendly service like you wish all venues would have.Only a short 15 minute wait without a reservation!When we were first greeted at the door a French guy answered.  Since I had already put back a few, I was in a mood for funny banter.  Can I have your name?  He asks - Jennifer, I reply.  She's french too.  No reaction.  But he grins a bit.  Let me see if I can get you in at the bar.  A group may just be leaving. I like it when they start out with hardball, then backpeddle when they decide they like you.  I mean that's what we're here for right, a little banter.  He returns to explain it will be a few minutes, and takes our number.  So we head across the street to the den of sin, where office affairs are unfolding right before our very eyes.In what seems like only 10 minutes, we get the call, and chug our drinks.  We walk back over, and are whisked into this basement den.  Walking through is like a cozy living room, cocktails imbibing, conversations unfolding, even some private rooms that look more like an Arab tent in the desert.  We head further to the back, and enter a small room with a waist level table in the middle.  It's a unique setup as bars usually have the bartender up higher, as if anointed as a holy one, at the alter of drink.  Here they are exactly at the same level as you, and you feel like if you don't have their attention you could lean over and poke them at any time!The drink that I settle on is the San Luis Cup, which is spicy, with huge chunks of ice and cucumbers.  I have never been steered wrong by a drink with cucumbers in it.  This one was superb.  Perfect in every way, from the conversation it births, to the eye-popping hips that it seemed to unleash in the room.  I try to stay focused.  Conversation is key.  Meanwhile the drinks chisel away at my head, working at me ever so slowly.  After two we are clearly ready to go, but then the dude with the mustache returns, and offers us a coveted table.  A table!  Well we can't turn that down of course, so we follow like lemmings, ready to order more cocktails, and while away the night.  Now we have a tiny table, we have a couple of glasses of water, and we're struggling with this button the wall.  Pushing, punching, poking, nothing works.  Then one of us spots the chain, and pulls.  The light comes out, voila!  Shortly thereafter a waitress arrives, and takes our order for another round.Eventually you reach a point in the evening where you're drunk texting the person you're on a date with.  Although this is sexy, and romantic in it's own way, it also means you've both had enough, and it's time to go.  We settle up, and stumble out onto the street, the spring night air blowing gently, and a short walk to union square in front of us.
<review# 382,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2012,9/24/2012,200,106,9,13,9>Tavern is really trying hard to make a name for themselves as the new kid on the block. It replaced the old Canzaciti Roadhouse. It seems that they are pushing specials and deals left and right. I know a handful of people, including myself (and a bunch of reviewers here by the looks of it), that "won" a free night of drinking just for signing up for the contest. Hey, no complaints there. You get to drink for free and friends get half off on their drinks. I'm subscribed to their mailing list and often see extra specials.I came the night before July 4th and not only informed the waitress of a 1/2 off burger deal I was emailed about but also received a text message saying 'show this text for a free domestic beer!' Yes, please. The waitress was a little confused with the onslaught of deals I was bringing up but I was not about to pass up on free booze. I suppose the lack of communication shows because the waitress was not informed about the deals but its a new place and things like that will get ironed out in time. She was very nice about it and asked management to make sure I wasn't making things up.Specials:Monday - $3 beers and well drinksTuesday - Free slider (they are all $10 usually) with purchase of any first beerWednesday - $3 on select beer and a $5 cali chicken sandwichThursday - $15 bucket of any 5 beers you chooseHappy hour is Monday through Friday 5 - 8pm. Any beer is $4.Saturdays this summer - sign up for free drinks and your friends get $4 beers from 10pm to midnight.Ladies night on July 14th - buy one get one free bottle of wine and 1/2 off specialty drinks from 8 pm to 4 am.These prices are amazing. I came here with a huge group Tuesday night, we sat in the back room (it can be reserved) and ordered a ton of beers, sliders, and burgers. Because of all the specials it came out to roughly $20 per person. Insane.The bar is huge so its great for accommodating large groups. They have awesome tap tables in the middle so you don't need to keep going to the bar to get beer.Looks like Tavern is trying to make a name for themselves and it's working.
<review# 383,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2012,9/23/2012,816,264,20,22,20>I can't be objective about this review, because Swine is my dream restaurant. They have a statue of Wolverine. There are no words.At first blush, Swine seems yet another restaurant simply opening to take advantage of a craze - in this case, the current obsession with meat driven menus. This particular menu reads like an amalgamation of a Texas state fair and Chelsea trendsetters: Potato Chip Nachos or Lardo? Swine Chop with crispy fingerlings or Foie Gras Torchon? As someone who's nearly exclusively carnivorous, I was excited, but having been disappointed by other, similar concepts, my skepticism tempered said excitement.To forgo the foreshadowing: believe the hype. This place is damn good.I ordered a "Buck Up" cocktail; rum infused (appreciably) with pink peppercorn, mixed with grapefruit and ginger, topped with soda. The ginger doesn't overwhelm all the other components, as it is often wont to do, and the grapefruit provides a necessary tartness to balance the inherent sweetness of the rum. It also serves as an excellent palate cleanser between bites of various small plates. M and I shared the ricotta stuffed zucchini blossoms, which unexpectedly came on a bed of heirloom tomatoes, whose juice was mixed with orange zest and sea salt, creating a wonderful brine for the excess ricotta that spilled from the blossoms. The combination of creaminess and acidity is a staple to cooking, and worked as well in this dish as any other, with the orange zest elevating it to something interesting and unique, as opposed to another caprese knockoff. For our mains, M ordered the roast chicken (as someone who does not eat red meat, there weren't many options) while I ordered the bone marrow and brisket burger.I try not to use superlatives in reviews, as they're frequently unwarranted, but this was one of the best burgers I've eaten in the city. I was a little worried that the brisket was going to make the ensuing burger a little tougher than normal, but my fears were assuaged after my first bite. The light egginess of the bun, the sweetness of the caramelized onions, the funk of the gruyere, and the salty, tender, savoriness of the meat all went together as perfectly as they can in a burger. The crust stood up to the substantial juiciness of the ground beef, the brisket added a rich smokiness, and the bone marrow added an even richer, more intense meatiness. The fact that it came with a side of perfectly crisped potato wedges and was only $18 makes this one of the top five burgers in New York, hands down. The roast chicken was perfectly acceptable, but after that knockout of a burger, I couldn't care less. Sorry, chicken.We finished the night with their only dessert; a bacon hot fudge sundae. I don't typically like meaty desserts, and if you're like me, you likely won't enjoy this sundae: it is preposterously bacon-y. That said, it's my fault for ordering it, knowing full well my own preferences. In truth, I only ordered it in the hopes that as M and I lingered, the old couple who were blocking the amazing Wolverine statue would leave, so I could take a picture. When they didn't, I just asked if they would move, and took a picture around them. Block my Wolverine, eh? Give it up bub. Also, to the waitress who confirmed to M that it was indeed Wolverine, you are the (wo)man.With the sheer volume of interesting small plates, the well-executed entrees, and affordable yet enticing beer selection, I'm going to be back sooner rather than later. If you want to catch Swine flu before the hipsters do, I'd suggest you visit soon as well.
<review# 384,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2012,9/22/2012,349,349,12,20,19>Audio-video, done well in a living or working space, is indistinguishable from magic.  And I haven't seen a better magician than Ali aka AJ at Matrix.When you have a relatively small budget (think Canton, not Krell), it is especially challenging to design an AV setup that delivers quality.  But Matrix and AJ are great with finding creative solutions for your dollar-constrained cravings.  AJ excels in the usual services -- installing TVs, surround sound systems and speakers.  But he is also an expert in lighting controls and motorized shades--expensive upgrades that can only be part of my five-year plan.  Matrix sources component parts at a competitive price, and charges installation fees by the hour.  I found AJ and his team to be fast, accurate and punctual.I am very impressed with Matrix's commitment to doing it right.  For example, my Sonos installation seemingly impacted the Internet speed in my apartment.  AJ braved the heat to make a visit over a weekend afternoon, and quickly diagnosed the problem, isolating it to the wireless controls of the surround sound system -- a fairly non-trivial exercise.If you are in the market for audio-video services, give Matrix a call, and get those front row seats to a magician's show as you watch AJ at work!
<review# 385,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2012,9/21/2012,121,171,12,22,17>Per Se is exquisite.  One does not come here for a meal, one comes for an experience.  My husband and I enjoyed what's now become fondly known as "the best meal of our lives" here a few weeks ago. Food, wine, service, ambiance... these qualities harmoniously weave themselves into an exceptional combination at Per Se.  . : Service : .Impeccable.  The waiters struck the perfect balance of considerate but not intrusive, friendly but not unprofessional, knowledgeable but not pretentious.  The waiters observed our eating patterns so perfectly, we never needed to ask for a single thing. They left a pitcher of water on our table, but considerately refilled each of our glasses in such a stealthy manner, it was as if the glasses were magically filling themselves.  The servers brought and removed each dish with perfect timing, never leaving the plates too long yet also never making us feel rushed.  As we later learned on the kitchen tour, they track each guest's dining tempo to ensure this immaculate serve.At the end of the evening, the staff gave us an interesting booklet about their purveyors as well as copies of our menu (printed with a personalized congratulatory message at the top).  A nice touch as I suspect most people coming to Per Se are celebrating something. Or perhaps the upper echelons of society receive a "Welcome back for your Tuesday dinner!" message!?. : Ambiance : .The restaurant was smaller than I expected.  It has an elegant feel to it with a nice, top view of Columbus Circle and Central Park greenery.  We arrived at 5:30 pm for dinner (ending around 9:00 pm), great timing to experience sunlight, dusk and evening twinkles.  Fresh flowers abounded throughout the restaurant.  . : Food : . We thoroughly enjoyed our tasting menu and all the delicious intermezzos.  Highlights included:- "Oysters and Pearls" - Famed oysters and caviar dish, rich and flavorful.- Egg custard with black truffle oil - Alternate to the "oysters and pearls" due to dietary restrictions.  This was divine!  Warm and rich, served in a delicate yet surprisingly strong eggshell. Very decadent and delicious.- Marinated Sungold Tomatoes - Served in earl grey tea "vierge" which was light and offered the perfect amount of sweetness, young almonds, thinly sliced cucumbers.  Extremely refreshing.  Tomatoes grown in the French Laundry garden. - Sauteed Fillet of Atlantic Striped Bass - Served with peas, sweet peppers, sprinkled with saffron.  Perfectly sauteed with a slightly crispy edge.  Best fish I've had in a very long time.- Butter Poached Nova Scotia Lobster - This is the point in the meal at which things seemed UNREAL, it was so good.- Herb Roasted Squab - Served with young leeks, risotto and surprisingly good roasted grapes served warm.- "Calotte de Boeuf" - Served with asparagus, "pommes maxims" (a potato garnish) and "bernaise mousselin" (bernaise sauce with cream).  Rich, decadent meat.- Homemade Bread and Butter - Sounds simple, and it was.... but done excellently.  Loved the homemade butter, both salted (fleur de sel) and unsalted.  Enjoyed reading about "Animal Farm" in the purveyors booklet.  Their sole product is butter for Per Se / French Laundry. . : Dessert : .Yes, it deserves its own category because it's AMAZING.  Often my favorite part of a meal, dessert proved no exception at Per Se.  Several dessert courses including "Popcorn-Cola", the pastry chef's interpretation of a first date made of the things found at the movie theater.  Popcorn flavored sherbet over popcorn, raisins soaked in cola, cola syrup, brownie-type cake, and these amazing puffs of something (??) that had a fantastic consistency similar to fizz on the top of soda.  Very creative.  Our two dessert courses were followed up by a huge array of desserts at the end of the meal.  First, a waiter came with a huge box of chocolates with three rows -- dark, milk and white.  Each chocolate is uniquely flavored and the "presenter" explains every single one... then endures questions like "what was that one again?  and that one?" before serving.  Next, "coffee and donuts" (frozen espressos served alongside cinnamon sugar donuts) are served as well as bon bons, cocoa nibs and a tray with three tiers of macarons, truffles, and other chocolate goodies.  Lastly, small drawstring bags of candies are presented to take home.Overall, Per Se did not disappoint.  It was indeed astronomically priced and quite possibly a once-in-a-lifetime meal, but one I will never forget nor regret.
<review# 386,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2012,9/20/2012,146,222,15,11,8>Walking into 48 Lounge is like dying and going to hot men in suits heaven. Is this right God? I was pretty certain I earned my first class ticket to hell years ago, but hey I won't doubt you on this. I'll just walk right over to the bar and grab a drink next to that yummy well dressed man.I am of course talking about happy hour. Each time I've been here, the crowd has been great. People there are super friendly, mostly early 30s and up professionals getting off work. The space is gorgeously decorated. It definitely stands out in an area full of irish style pubs. The drinks are well made, but pricey. Don't expect any happy hour specials here, though I doubt their target crowd cares much about that. The crowd tends to thin out around 8pm, so not a place to hang out all night.
<review# 387,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2012,9/19/2012,7,179,3,15,6>**So excited** that this place has opened.  You have to go down a narrow flight of stairs to enter, but the space itself is long and has good seating.  Decor is adorable, and the two servers behind the counter were extremely helpful and care about the drinks.  We discussed ice brewed vs. cold brewed coffee--they serve ice brewed to keep some of the flavor, which they care about because they serve Counter Culture!  Obviously they're looking to make a quality place, which my neighborhood dearly needs.They offer light desserts and FYI, have a $5 credit card minimum.  I'm looking forward to visiting this place often.
<review# 388,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2012,9/18/2012,215,82,6,19,8>Value is probably not the first thing that comes to mind on a 4-$ restaurant but in the realm of omakase, Jewel Bako is a steal. The omakase starts at $65 - far less than the $100+ most other places charge. $65 will get you a 10-12 course tasting of a variety of creatively designed sashimi, uni, unagi, and other treats - all of which are flown in fresh every day. Some notable creations: Tazmanian King Salmon with a smoked soy sauce, shiroebi (baby white shrimp), Spanish Mackerel, and of course, lightly seared o-toro. Any reputable omakase will serve the freshest available catch but what really sets an omakase apart is its creativity in preparation, taste combinations, and presentation. Jewel Bako doesn't serve the "best" omakase I've ever had, but at $65 it is unbeatable in value.A few quick tips:1. Omakase is served at the sushi bar so be sure to specify when you reserve2. Show interest and ask the head chef about what's being served - he'll often serve up special/extra pieces based on your tastes.3. Pair up your omakase with a bottle of Coedo Beniaka - a dark lager fermented with sweet potato. Absolutely delicious, unique and tastes like liquid candied yams.
<review# 389,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2012,9/17/2012,485,350,9,11,9>I've eaten here several times, so it's about time for a review.Ambience is decent, and although it's a little bit of an echo palace, it's not beyond reason. It's a little dark and has a certain bistro-ish romance to it, despite being big and crowded.I had the Filet De Boeuf, Béarnaise which was perfectly prepared and came with fries.  Very good, even if a tad expensive at $33.Gotta love the waitress; when I was having a moment of austerity and about to opt for the beet salad instead of the foie gras (which was pretty magical, I should add), she told me that I was making a mistake, that I couldn't possibly opt for something that wasn't artery clogging at a French restaurant because "every dish starts with a stick of butter."  True that.
<review# 390,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2012,9/16/2012,119,169,7,13,8>YUM YUM YUM.I'm biased as this takes me home but its awesome. Usually when you hear Indian food, you instantly think tandoori or naan or curry. Today I'm going to tell you about a part of India people seem to have discounted a bit. Southern India. The land of rice crepes called "dosas." crunchy, delicious, and fillings that are unique and unimaginable. You fill your dosas with potatoes, onions, chillies and as I recently discovered, chicken too. these delicacies are served with lentil soup called "sambhar" and mango or coconut chutney. A perfect meal of protein, carbohydrates and some fat too!Stepping into the Indian Creperie on Mac Dougal street took me back home to India. Indian music, small but cute seating and a pleasant smiling waitstaff. Apart from my sumptuous chicken dosa and sambhar and chutney which kept me asking for more, I accompanies my meal with a signature mango purée drink from back home called Mazaa.TOO GOOD I would come here all day everyday if I was richy rich.
<review# 391,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2009,10/20/2010,226,205,20,14,11>Searching on Yelp for the Korean BBQ truck I heard about in Jersey City last night, I ended up finding out about this little cart. I'm surprised I've never known about this cart before, especially since I've done some part time sidework in the area in the past. I decided that to make up for it I'll have to make the trip for lunch to try it out. Luckily for me, I had the rare and much appreciated 2 hour lunch break today. I jumped on the R train to 49th street (yelp tried to make me exercise by telling me to get off at 34 street, teehee). When I got there I found this cart sandwiched between a halal cart and a soup cart. I got there a little before the noontime lunch rush so there was no line and no wait. I kind of hoped that there would have been a line or at least someone ahead of me so I wouldn't look like the obvious new guy who doesn't already know his order and has to stand there and stare at the pictures. I even purposely walked right by and scoped out the cart for a bit in hopes that someone would order. Alas I was way too early and nobody from the nearby offices were coming for lunch. Plan B. I pulled up Yelp and scoured the reviews for recommendations. After a few minutes of reading I finally worked up the courage to order. I walked up with confidence and suave and demanded a bulgogi box. (ok so maybe it went more like this) "h-h-hi can I get a uhh.. uhh.. a bu-bulgogi box please? Regular or extra meat? "uhh.. uhh.. extra?" Spicy or regular? "(low whisper) spicy" Spicy? "p-p-please." Here you are. Thank you!(snatches bag and runs away)I ran to the closest seat I could find and popped open my box to find a good amount of rice, salad, japchae and bulgogi. At first it seemed like so little bulgogi but then while I was eating it there seemed to be a never ending amount. I tried eating with the chopsticks they gave me but it was a bit difficult to pick up the rice out of the styrofoam box with them. So after stuffing as much as I could in my mouth I packed it up and ran to the train to head back to school for a fork and spoon. The bulgogi was very tasty. It was quite good right up until the last piece. It just so happened to be tough and chewy. My teeth almost cracked from  the initial bite. The japchae was really really good. I would have preferred a box full of japchae over the rice. Service at this little cart it great. In the few words I exchanged with the gentleman who runs the cart I felt that he was very nice and courteous. When he handed me my food he had a huge smile on his face and the way he thanked me actually sounded genuine. $7 for a bulgogi box with all the fixins. $2 for double the meat. I'd definitely come again to try other things but only if I'm in the area. The trip back and forth on a local train takes too long. Also I just don't get the satisfaction of grilling my own meat at Korean BBQ. Maybe it's a guy thing or maybe it's just me. Who knows, I am an odd one.
<review# 392,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2010,10/19/2010,275,454,21,25,27>A dialogue with the girlfriend...Rachel: I want a burger!Chun:  You just had a burger 4 hours ago!Rachel:  That burger sucked!  I want a real burger.Chun:  Where do you want to go for a burger?Rachel: Friend mentioned this place called J. G. Melon.  They're supposedly the best.Chun:  I thought you were trying to save money!  J G Melon is expensive!Rachel:  I am saving money!  What makes you think I'm paying?Chun: *Bows Head in Shame*Perhaps the above conversation is enough to indicate that a venture to J. G. Melon was more by force than choice.  Having already gone vegetarian for all of the meals consumed in the day, a nice burger cooked to medium temperature was somewhat tempting.  With that in mind, it was off to J. G. Melon to see if the hype rendered is so valiantly deserved!The Decor:  The old school wooden bar decor accompanied by the local UES crowd gives J. G. Melon a nod of approval.  The restaurant itself is eerily similar to a bar with a few tables for dining.  Dining tables are lined with green & white checkered table clothes.  The seating itself is of sturdy wooden chairs that have survived a few decades of work.  Needless to say, the atmosphere itself is homey and simplistic.  Everything is more like a bar like atmosphere rather than your usual sit down restaurant.The Food:The Burger - No Fancy Toppings, No Cheese, Not Even Ketchup!  The J. G. Melon Burger is meant to be eaten solely with the accompanying toasted white Burger bun.  The Burger, is a deep seared chuck ground that boasts a combination of both 85% Ground and 93% Lean giving this concoction both the tender and firmness of the Burger as well as providing savory juices that are a byproduct of a perfect grilled Burger.  The Burger is then placed on a 500 degree grill where a solidified encrustation is formed on the outer layer and securing the flavorful juices within the confinements.  Upon grilling completion, the Burger is left to sit on a cooling surface for up to 5 minutes to allow the free flowing juices to redistribute.  After it's all said and done, the Burger is served on a lightly toasted sesame bun with a side of pickles and onions.  A single bite of this masterpiece is all that's needed to truly enjoy the true flavor of a well cooked Burger.  The burger itself was cooked to a perfect medium as requested.  In terms of taste, the burger itself possessed a natural meaty flavor that's accompanied by a mild detection of salt.  The cooking apparatus provided a hint of charred flavoring on the burger.  Although not required, both the onions and pickles provided an additional sweet & saltiness to the compilation.  Needless to say, J. G. Melon's rendition is that of a classic burger with no fuss or enhancements required.20 minutes later, the burgers were done.  With that, the check arrived.  Surprisingly, both burgers weren't excessively expensive as the total bill after tax and tip came in at under $25.Best Burger in New York?  Maybe...  One thing is certain, J. G. Melon does an outstanding burger that's top notch and second to only a few...
<review# 393,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2009,10/18/2010,218,231,14,14,10>What does Second Avenue need? Another bar. Not just a bar but Jock Tamson's. Yes, you read that correctly. For the first time in a long time I am actually applauding an establishment in my neighborhood. The name is a little puzzling and if my dyslexia would have gone unchecked I would have referred to it as "Some Guy's Brains" on Second Avenue. A quick Google search confirms that the phrase is somehow translated to "we're all the same under the skin." Ask me how that relates to this bar, and I cannot tell you...Maybe alcohol doesn't discriminate. I'm not sure. The Scotts are a crazy bunch of people, I saw that movie "Braveheart." We came here on Saturday to catch up with friends, relax, and douse holiday anxieties with booze. I ordered the Bellhaven. She played it safe with a Blue Moon. I don't know the official tab because she paid. I know, I know. I'm a douche, but she felt guilty about me buying breakfast (read bagels) and having to brave the cold (which I really didn't mind, thanks to my fleece lined jeans). JTB is not a sports bar, but it has a handful of televisions. The most appealing factor for me, save the Scottish brew, was the way the bar was lit and decorated. Walls were dark wood and accentuated by dim lighting. The ceiling had an old school copper tin feeling, although I cannot confirm whether it was truly copper. The floor was comprised of various stones, which were not symmetric and provided a welcomed contrast to the sleek lines. Along with the puzzling name, there is an oddly placed picture next to the bar. If you are staring straight on at the bar, to the right is a painting hung upside down with two people (one a waiter) and a line of coffee cups. The upside down painting turned into the running joke of the evening, but maybe it was purposely done. How about that for a conversation starter? This appears to be a refuge for the older crowd, those who still want to go out and drink at a neighborhood bar, but who also want to get a little crazy and sing every other word to their favorite Journey song. I guess that's a testament to the service and bartenders. Whatever "it" is, "it" works here.
<review# 394,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2009,10/17/2010,485,350,14,12,11>"Leave the gun, take the cannoli."-ClemenzaBecause of Villabate, I have come to understand the pure cannoli zen of this statement. BEST. CANNOLI. EVER.The front window of the store has multiple shelves for display filled from end to end with pastries such that I felt I was about to walk into some sort of childhood sugar fantasy world on acid. Who could possibly be buying and eating all this? It's hard to imagine.The store looks clean and new, and the service is efficient. The biggest problem you'll have is choosing what to buy, because there are so many tempting things. In addition to traditional pastries, there are whacky creations that on this visit included seasonal items like a New Years cake with a confectionery clock, I gather for counting down to 2010. Ha! The place was just a hair short of Pee Wee's Playhouse, I swear.We were greeted by a life-sized singing Santa Claus standing next to the door as you walk in. If clowns scare you, this could be problematical. For me, it added to the Italian-style "Charlie and the Chocolate Factory" atmosphere that pervades the establishment. It's quite a place.On to the cannoli:Normally, I like me some chocolate covered cannoli which are not available at Villabate, so when I stood in line with none other than Atif I. (aka best pizza crawl companion in the city), it was with no small amount of trepidation that I waited for our cannoli to be wrapped up for take-out. He'd billed this as the best one he'd ever had, and the man does his research. How could the best cannoli in the city not have a chocolate coating? It was hard to fathom.As we sat in the car after leaving, I watched with nervous anticipation as he opened the box to reveal what turned out to be two perfect confections, dusted with powdered sugar and adorned with a candied orange sliver on one end and a dried maraschino cherry on the other. One bite and I was convinced; this was the best cannoli on earth. The shell was crispy but didn't fall apart; it was sweet and flavorful and I didn't miss the chocolate coating I normally have one bit. In fact, it made me realize that chocolate coatings on cannoli are really just trying to make up for the mediocrity of the shells they cover. If the shell is quality, you don't need that chocolate. The ricotta inside was fresh, sweet and absolutely delicious, and nicely but not overly laden with chocolate chips. The entire experience was eye-opening. I will be back!Max D:It's clear you have some sort of grudge against Villabate, because what you said is so unbelievably off the mark, there's no other possibility. Not only do you insult an amazing pastry shop for what seems to be no reason and cite one inaccuracy after another, but you insult the entire neighborhood. Go back to freakin' Florida where you belong. The fact that you left NYC for that awful place (wait... you live in BOCA and you're somehow insulting Bensonhurst?!?) reveals volumes about what a complete and utter DOUCHE you are and why nothing you say or think is to be trusted by anyone.As they say in Brooklyn, "Geh da faaaahhk outtaa heeeyyaahh!"kthxbye.
<review# 395,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2010,10/16/2010,545,1338,23,26,22>Jungle Curry. HOT HOT HOT!Jungle Curry is the only item on the menu at Ploy Thai which has in parenthesis by it (VERY SPICY). "How spicy do you want it?" our waitress asked. "Hot and spicy. Very spicy," we told her. She looked at us with a discerning stare. "Jungle Curry is spice for real Thai people," she warned us. My friend assured her he had it before and could handle it. We made our other two dishes mild just to balance out the Jungle Curry.For the average American* the Jungle Curry will have them running out of the restaurant screaming like Tarzan. It is SPICY! Just as the waitress had informed, it is really spicy with a level of heat that is associated with authentic Thai style cooking. We had chosen pork for our Jungle Curry and it was served mixed in with green beans and bamboo shoots. The spice is infused in the dish. Even if you do not spoon extra curry sauce on your meat or get any peppers, you will taste the heat. It's delicious and it will stay with you for the next five minutes. If you have ever felt dulled by life, get this dish. It will wake you up and bring you to your senses. It is not recommended to eat this dish like a soup. I could only eat a little bit of the Jungle Curry but my friend was eating it by the spoon and forkfuls. I watched in amazement and laughed as beads of sweat fell down his face. Hats off to anyone who can stomach this dish.The other items** we ordered were just as wonderful. We tried the special appetizer Miang Khanal, which was recommended by a Thai friend. It is a medley of ingredients I suspect were shredded pork, lime w/rind, crushed peanuts, etc. It is served with the leaves of broccoli and you wrap it up like a burrito. It's crunchy, salty, sweet, and the burst of citrus flavor was perfect during this 92 degree heat. Miang Khanal is extremely refreshing. The Pad Kra Prao of crispy pork in basil sauce and Pad Kee Mao flat noodles with chicken were more of the typical Thai dishes and more spicy than mild and very good. I love that the food at Ploy Thai is spicy and not withered down for you and me. Overall, I enjoyed the food much more here than at Sripraphai. It's less Disneyland, less razzle dazzle, and there is definitely no smoke and mirrors. Ploy Thai is that hole in the wall restaurant with phenomenal food. It looks like a take out place and at first I scoffed that my friend had chosen a restaurant that wasn't even really a restaurant. The food speaks for itself and the flavors shine through despite the heat. Welcome to Thailand via Elmhurst.__________*I'll just assume this. If I am making an ass out of myself, so be it. **Skip the Steamed Thai Dumplings appetizer. It tastes like frozen shu mai. It was so lackluster that it didn't deserve to be in the body of my review.
<review# 396,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2010,10/15/2010,203,182,13,19,16>Now that Xi'an Famous Foods has opened up on East Broadway, I may satisfy most of my spicy Chinese cravings there. But Yun Nan Flavor Snack has something special to offer that I've never had anywhere else -- sweet meat dumplings in eggy wrappers, and lots of them, floating in a spicy, sour broth. A one-of-a-kind dish, and worth trekking out here to try. You've had hot-and-sour soup. Now try its delicious older brother.The other item I've tried is the crunchy pork noodle soup. It's a beautiful clear broth enveloping silky rice noodles and generous helpings of pork meat and intestines, topped with accents of chopped cilantro and green onion to balance out the meat's oily crunch.The atmosphere isn't much to speak of, just a take-out counter ringed by narrow window tables and tiny stools. But in a neighborhood of repetitive Fujianese spots, savor this tiny slice of Yunnan.
<review# 397,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2010,10/13/2010,447,368,18,22,25>Are you one of those people that couldn't eat spicy at all?  That cries and call for moma every time something that even resembles a hot pepper crosses your path?  Well, come to the Wing Bar and prepared to be amazed.  Sure, you could come here because the wings are meaty, served piping hot, perfectly crispy on the outside and juicy in the inside.  Yeah, the BBQ flavor was coated in a thick BBQ sauce that was tasty but ever so slightly on the sweet side.  You could even come here and order the "mild"  buffalo wings which is coated in a slightly watery version of the hotter sauce while still retaining a great flavor.  BUT... where is the fun in that?  Instead, come and order the "hot".I know what you are thinking.  I can't take hot.  I'm going to order the mild or BBQ instead.  Well fear not young Yelper.  This place's "hot" wings have been fully tested by two other professional non spicy tolerant Yelpers and is certified to be "not hot at all".  So go ahead, bring that special someone that have been calling you a wimp all your life.  Impress them with your new found ability to swallow a whole order of 10 pieces of the hottest buffalo wings from this bar without even breaking a sweat,  then go ahead and laugh at that special someone's face.On the other hand, If you think eating spicy till you turn as red as some of the peppers and/or sweating buckets of water is more important than just having your wings taste good, you need to look elsewhere.  For you people, go a bit further and head to Bonnie's Grill instead and order their off the menu "secret" hottest sauce for their wings.**************************************************­*******Heat level of the hottest buffalo wings from a scale of one to five, five being the hottest.  2.5  I debated about taking a point off for not having a hotter sauce option but decided they tasted good despite it.
<review# 398,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2010,10/12/2010,405,569,14,13,10>The fireplace caught my attention. The list of single malt scotches longer than my forearm lured me in. Don't bother with Shoolbred's on a weekend night. The masses jam in past the bouncer, crowding around the long, dark bar and hogging the attention of the other-wise friendly bartenders. No, you're better off on a Sunday afternoon or a Tuesday evening. There is room to breathe, better yet, space to gather around the fireplace and sip your single malt in peace. And yes, if you make it to Shoolbred's during one of these delightful lulls, it is amazing. It is at once masculine and romantic, dark and comforting. Order the mac and cheese, and sip your scotch slowly. Drink up, young men. It will make the whole seduction part less repugnant.
<review# 399,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2010,10/11/2010,412,222,27,38,37>I waited a week to write my 200th review looking for a material worthy of my 5 stars. And I think God finally heard me on a Sunday.I heard many things about Degustation but honestly I didn't think it would deserve 5 stars somehow. However, things happen always when you least expect it, nor looking. I was so fully satisfied at Degustaion this evening, to the point that I would want to sing Ode to Joy in soprano. Unfortunately, I didn't have enough gut space left to pull that off and also wanting to remain elegant in this sexy place where full of people who couldn't stop gushing about their own dishes to their next bar mates. We were seated comfortably at the middle of the bar and even could choose our own seats. Yes, Sunday is a good day to visit Degustation. The setting reminded me of Joel Robuchon's L'Atelier in Paris, my first experience of culinary art dinner about 6 years ago. But there, the kitchen stations are a little far or separated, no tables of course but bars resembling a sushi bar where you are served at. It was quite a sensation then and we saw people lined up for the daily opening time. Here, you see the kitchen, you can see them working and you can see them do everything closely. That being said, almost towards to the end of dinner, I feel the grill heat and felt hot a little. The service here is very pleasant and attentive. The chef Wesley Genovart and his chefs are cute and passionate about their work. We quite enjoyed watching the iron chef like (slow paced than that though) cooking process.   Wine selections are mostly from Spain. My Santiago Rioja Viura 2007 was born supremacy and ended up being one of my ever favorites. It has every notes that I love about, not too sour not too sweet with creamy(?) oak barrel and tobacco taste to it.  We chose to have 5 course tasting menu ($50 per person) thinking 10 courses ($80) would be too much. It turned out that 5 course are more than you can handle and tiny but very rich.  Degustation is a french term for tasting experience focusing on sensory system and THE Degustation is very true to that. And during the entire dinner, I felt like I have been one of the judges in the Iron Chef show and trying to discover each dish, and that really made our dinner more fun. Times that I most appreciate about dishes are when everything tastes like what it should be. In other words, everything tasted like the said ingredients and its best in Degustation. And no gimmick of million mixes of too complicated sauces or unidentifiable materials. The lamb loin (which I am not usually a fan of) tasted like a little tender lamb with rather pleasing lamb aroma. Four different kind of grilled heirloom cauliflowers uniquely tasted as four distinctive nuttiness, surrounded by the perfect pine nut puree and pickled raisins. Fresh snapper sashimi was brushed with sea salt based coat just enough, topped with fragrant micro Siso leaves. Sauces here are subtle but very complimenting and gracefully amazing like silky spreading pates. Grilling process for pork belly is intervallic in order to get the perfect crispiness. Eggs are pouched in the shells and poured onto the grill to be pan fried. Seasoning is minimal with controlled salting on the main ingredient but it is all compensated well by sauces or dressings. My dessert (not part of the course), caramelized Torja (torrijas) with strawberry was glorious. It is like french toast in Spanish version but more like doughy marshmallow like than soaked bread. So good. Chocolate pudding with banana cream and salty rice puffs was also very satisfying.The experience at Degustation is like happiness of my senses. It is not exciting and adventurous joy but, they recognize...what good and fine things are. Tastes so balanced and understandable that you feel content. Appreciation of when seeing someone understands you so well and making you smile. Or someone enlightened about what it is really about and has just told me. I don't know... I don't know what exactly but, I don't care if you understand it or not, because it was that great.I am going back for 10 courses. Very soon.
<review# 400,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2010,10/10/2010,163,562,18,20,20>Dan Barber kept me up all night the other night.  O geez, that came out wrong... let's try that again.As everyone is likely aware at this point, Dan Barber's Blue Hill restaurants represent a force of good in the fight against the commercialization, commoditization, and dumbification of what our nation shoves into our gullets.  His point-of-view on locally sourced, sustainable, organic, farm-to-table has been rightfully critically acclaimed, loved and imitated by the nation's dining public.  However, during a recent visit to Blue Hill, I'll add an additional and perhaps unintended platitude - 'slow food'.I'll get negativity out of the way - our dinner was beleaguered by alarmingly slow execution of food.  While I couldn't determine if this was a lack of oversight of service or if the kitchen was at fault, from entry to exit, our meal approached the 4 hour mark and well past most of our self appointed bed times.  I'm still internalizing if the food was 'worth the wait', but it certainly was choice.Starters and amuse's of asparagus and almond tarts as well as Dan Barber's signature crudités plate initiated the meal.  The crudités, a swath of baby spring vegetables on a spiked bed, was borderline genius and borderline pretentious.  Most diners should get the point of the dish - simple revelry of fresh vegetables at their most tender and flavorful stage.  Diners will also revel in the bread basket, which interestingly was one of the highlights of the meal.  Fresh, crusty, buttery ficelle's completed with local butter and a pinch of complimentary carrot or arugula essence'd salts - just awesome.Blue Hill's signature dish, a softly poached farm egg, which was allegedly laid within 24 hours of service, again highlighted the merits of simple and rustic food.  Flavor-wise, it was superb, but lacked textural intrigue.  The real star of the show was the grass fed loin and belly of lamb.  Perfectly medium rare, subtly flavored, and completed with fingerling potatoes, sautéed greens and plump fiddlehead ferns, it was perhaps the best lamb dishes I've ever tasted.I'm told that Mr. Barber and his crew can sometimes be found in the Union Square greenmarket, collecting fresh produce for that evening's service.  Therefore you might find me stalking them near the rhubarb section, so that I can properly thank them for the delicious meal... and perhaps a little chastising for keeping me up all night.Dan, I left my number next to your bed stand.  Call me. xoxo
<review# 401,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2011,6/24/2011,1231,1149,12,21,20>This is one of the BEST sushi places I have eaten at in NYC (so far...).I had to take care of some things in midtown and decided to stay in the area for dinner. A friend of mine let me be in charge of picking out a good Sushi spot. I turned to Yelp on my iPhone. It showed a lot of places, but this one had the best reviews and the photos were very enticing.They didn't lie. I made reservations and we were set for the night. Upon walking in you are greeted in a nicely decorated receiving area. There's complimentary M&Ms for you to nibble on by the door.I like how the guy calls the host upstairs and lets them know that i'm here. I wasn't sure if the sushi bar would be full so my reservations were for a table. While I wait they were setting up the table. I get the green light and make my way up. I am shown my table and immediately given a hot towel to freshen up. Now that's service.I skim through the menu and look around. Remembering from Yelp I already knew what I wanted. The "Box of Dreams" and the Sashimi Platter. My friend came and we decided to eat at the bar. They set up a new spot for us and we were good to go. Seeing how sushi is made is like seeing an artist paint a mural. It's an art form that takes a lot of skill.We sat in the front where the head chef was. He was really cool and recommended we get some Oysters. We ordered the Box of dreams and the platter. Seeing him slice and arrange the Sashimi in precision and perfection was amazing. He put a lot of detail into each piece.The oysters came and were phenomenal. They came in 4 pieces on a bed of assorted seaweed on shaved ice. Presentation was excellent. The flavors were amazing and a good mix. The oysters had a touch of Ponzu, green onion and some heat. After a squeeze of lemon it was in and down the hatch. One of the best oysters i've had in NYC.The Box of Dreams really looked like a dream. It's 9 boxes with bowls of white rice in each one. Each box had something different to offer. Toro, uni, ikura, ebi.... It was a real feast for the eyes. I'm a big fan of Uni and Ikura. I asked the chef if he can make me something that wasn't on the menu and he graciously said yes. (We are now BFFs) He made a special Uni & Ikura rolls for me. The perfect match with a hint of wasabi. You will not find wasabi paste here, but the real thing!The Sashimi Platter came and it looked too good enough to eat. After taking pics it was tasting time. There was an assortment of tuna accompanied by salmon, toro, mackerel, red snapper and scallops. The ones that stood out were the scallops and toro. They were really fresh and tasted good on it's own. No soy needed. The mackerel included the bones as a garnish and they deep fry it after your meal. With a shaving of rock salt. I'm not sure if they do that for everyone cause I didn't see it in any of the reviews. Awesome! This acted like a palette cleanser which made us ready for dessert.To finish off our meal we ordered some Mochi and Melon. The mochi arrived in 3 flavors. Mango, Green Tea and Strawberry. You can never go wrong with Mochi. It was arranged so perfectly and tasted very good. The melon was carefully cut and arranged in a very nice pattern. It was sweet and a great way to end a great meal.If you couldn't tell already by this review my dinner was awesome. I had no complaints whatsoever with the food. The staff is amazing and the head chef is awesome!
<review# 402,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2011,6/23/2011,1651,2742,18,46,34>Gu-Shine (Guxiang) has become my favorite Taiwanese restaurant in the five boroughs.  Eating here brings me back to my visits to Taiwan where I had a little bit of everything from street food to home cooked meals.  Every time I use Chinese car service, this place gets mentioned almost every time as a must eat in Flushing.  And now their popularity is reaching epic levels, with lines out of the door during dinner on weekends along with accolades from various local publications.  My hope is the popularity hasn't gone to their heads as I notice the prices are slowly rising each time I come out here.  Their infamous two entrees + one soup deal has gone from $13 to $19 in less than two years.  The owner and the staff, though friendly and hospitable, are becoming more stern to deal with the crowds.  Being a longtime customer has it's perks, since I'm luckily in the good graces of the staff whenever they see me.Even at $19 for two entrees and a soup, the deal is solid.  Portion sizes here are decent and the food is always very tasty.  Favorites here include:  sacha niurou (sacha beef), xia chao dan (shrimp scrambled eggs), chou doufu (stinky tofu), oo-a-chian (Taiwanese oyster pancake), sanbei ji (three cup chicken), and paigu fan (porkchop over rice).  I also have had favorable results with their hongshao tofu (spicy tofu), mapo tofu, and shengjian bao (pan fried buns).  Just typing all of these dishes already has me hungry.Those not wanting the popular entree + soup deal would be smart to order the small plates (xiao chi).  That would include some of the food mentioned above, such as the oyster pancake or classic staple pork chop over rice.  Each were about $5 last time I checked and both are outstanding.Beyond the price gripe, my only other issue is they often close too early.  They won't take people in after 8:45PM at times because they'll want to close sometime between 9:15-9:30.  I can only imagine how great this place would be as a late night spot, my taste buds along with many others in the area would never be more thankful.
<review# 403,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2011,6/22/2011,809,199,21,32,25>This place is seriously famous in my neighborhood. There have been so many times where I'm walking home or just walking around and people stop and ask "hey, do you know where that really good icy place is? It's called Louie's or something?" I just point them the right direction and tell them to enjoy because I sure do! My family is also in love with this place and they just count the days when Louie G's opens shop for the summer. It's probably dangerous that it's 3 blocks from where I live, our trash can is always filled with empty blue and white Louie cups. Special bonus, if you follow them on Twitter, they always post secret words or questions that, when you go to Louie G's and say the secret word or answer, you win a free icy! SCORE! As you can see from my super cheesy twitter pic on the yelp page, I won on Memorial Day so I got a free HUGE icy! The staff is ridiculously friendly! The owner, Andre, is usually there and talks it up with his customers. Not exaggerating, I've never seen such a friendly staff and that's shocking considering the line to the window of this place is usually super long. In times like these, you'd expect the staff to become overwhelmed and frustrated. But these people keep their cool and still make time to joke around and help the customers choose the flavor of choice. This place also has A LOT of flavor choices! I know when I won my free icy, they asked what flavors I wanted, I glanced over the chart and thought ".....oh crap, there's billions of flavors! I didn't think this through!" I knew I had to hurry up since a fire truck pulled up with hungry (and yummy ha!) firemen ready to tear up some icy deliciousness! The girl at the window was very VERY helpful, asked me what flavors I liked (choco, vanilla, fruity, etc) and she PERFECTED my icy after I said 3 words, peanut butter and banana. She turned around and picked fantastic flavors! This is really my new fave place! Oh and seriously, FOLLOW THEM ON TWITTER!!!! Free ices!!!!!
<review# 404,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2011,6/21/2011,251,671,7,13,17>Oak Aged Yeti Imperial Stout. I down three pints of this delicious boozy ambrosia at this deliciously cute spot aways aways from the hustle and bustle of the LES on a Friday night.My boozers-in-arms, Andrew D. and Deanna W., and later, Carly D. shared the atmosphere with me along with ridiculously good soft pretzels served with whole grain mustard and pickles. And of course, really good conversation.This is what a great Friday night should always be like. Tispy and full of fun.
<review# 405,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2011,6/20/2011,163,562,10,20,22>Fake meat is murder.  Or at the very least, an offense to one's culinary sensibilities.  On my soapbox, I've decried the contemptible existence of fake meat products that some less enlightened restaurants serve for their vegetarian punters.  To wit; tofurkey, textured vegetable protein made to vaguely resemble bacon or sausage, soy scrambled 'eggs'?  Balaboosta save us.Balaboosta serves as a reliable denotation that vegetarian food *CAN* be exciting.  Sexy even.We'd unconsciously ordered an almost completely vegetarian meal, not because of any inclination towards healthier or wealthier goals, but because these were the most appealing dishes on the menu.  Fried cauliflower with a sprinkle of currants and pine nuts was addictive-ly good.  So was the za'atar flecked patatas bravas, which arrived screaming hot and crispy with a luxurious side of garlic aioli.  Course after course arrived, with nary the animal protein component that one comes to expect from the New York dining experience.  A smoked eggplant bruschetta, with a baby soft puree of eggplant topped with a wonderfully refreshing parsley salad was so good, that we talked of canceling our main course in lieu of another order of bruschetta.  Similar talk followed after a course of dreamy sunchoke and chestnut soup, topped with a finicky dallop of crème fraiche and sprinkle of nigela seeds.To further drive home the point of this review, our main course of Balaboosta's famous preparation of half chicken cooked 'under a brick', the lone source of animal protein of the meal, was the least exciting dish of the evening.  Oh sure, the chicken was deftly cooked - the innards moist and the exterior pleasantly crispy.  But the conceptualizer of this dish had lost their nerve with the seasoning, and the brilliance of the previous parade of vegetarian dishes faded to a weak after-glow.
<review# 406,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2011,6/19/2011,472,510,10,18,17>In the landscape of supreme pizzerias, Paulie Gee's is a game-changer.  I want to shout it on a mountaintop, or, like Madonna in her "Express Yourself" music video, get on top of a giant statue and declare,"Don't go for second best baby,Put your love [of pizza] to the test,You know, you know, you've got to,Make [that trip to 60 Greenpoint Ave].. And maybe then you'll know your love is real"I'm honestly confounded as to how the same formula of pizza-making is applied here -- dough, cheese, sauce, toppings -- but the results are mystically different.  A Paulie Gee's pizza is an ethereal, indescribable product of goodness.  It's fior di latte cheese is dreamy, and creamy, it's crust, tender and bubbly (the consistency like that of delicious naan bread), and the whole of the pie, soft and crisp, flavorful with all the combinations via it's exotic and forward-reaching menu, but understated, well-balanced and even delicate.  It is like eating art.  Last night was a special night, and the boyfriend and I went to PG's for our fix since it has been quite a few months since our last visit.  On this rainy evening in Brooklyn, the crowd swelled inside this dimly lit, rustic and casual pizzeria.  Delightfully, we did not have to wait for a table and were seated immediately.  I love their use of salvaged wood, and the attention to detail from the rustic ceiling to the back end of the restaurant where you will see heaven's gate, I mean, the "Napoli"-branded oven where they churn out their amazing pizza pies.  After a walk through the menu, we decided on two pies -- "The Mootz" (fior di latte, chopped fresh garlic, pecorino romano, olive oil, fresh basil and sea salt) with added, sweet Italian, fennel sausage, and the "Cherry Jones" (fior di latte, gorgonzola cheese, prosciutto di parma, dried bing cherries and orange blossom honey).  I thought it was pure genius to temper the sweetness of the bing cherries with the prosciutto in order to prevent it from tasting like dessert.  The saltiness of the ham added a much-appreciated level of savory to an already outstanding pie.  As for the Mootz, I loved how the fresh leaves of basil, which were nicely tucked and melted into the cheese, had truly brought life to this pizza.  The herbiness of the fragrant basil married perfectly with the generous chunks of fennel sausage.  I noticed at the end of the meal, the 'soot', rather the remnants of charred crust that colored, and blackened my  fingers, was an all too precious indication of my glorious time eating great pizza.  We also had dessert which was fantastic.  Two scoops of pistachio ice cream (I'm assuming Van Leeuwen), with a sweet and crunchy brittle.  Incredible.  Not one missed note, Paulie.  I have been here on three separate occasions, and each time, Paulie Gee's outdoes itself.  My pizza somehow gets better and better, my love for this place, blossoms to new heights.  I know that there's a little place called DiFara's which is discussed with cult-like fervor amongst pizza connoisseurs, but Paulie Gee's is much more my speed and I have been to both places.  The pizza is more refined.  It is elevated pizza.  Also, it is not as pricey, and the atmosphere is much more ideal.  But to each their own.  I will continue to cultivate my obsession with PG's and not be the least bit shy about it.  I adore Paulie Gee's.  Absolutely, completely, and utterly, phenomenal.  I just... I can't even.
<review# 407,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2011,6/18/2011,646,1303,11,20,20>Red Rooster is one of the hottest restaurants in town.  A reservation 3 weeks in advance will still have you eating after 9pm, and even then you may get "bumped" by a celebrity patron.  In our case, it was Questlove.  In all honesty, these are not the kind of places that I am inclined to like very much, but this place offers up amazing food at a really affordable price, so like every mere mortal, I anxiously await my turn in the very long line to eat here.  It really is worth the effort.  The restaurant is small, and the space is nearly evenly divided between the animated bar up front and a choice collection of tables (some communal) in the rear all set before an open view kitchen.  The bar doesn't require reservations, so it is considerably more crowded.  The clientele are generally well-heeled, smartly dressed, and squarely middle-aged.  The bartenders mix up an intriguing list of cocktails, that are delicious and worthy of attention.  The eponymous "Big Red Rooster" ($14) was surprisingly smooth and astoundingly good.  Who can error with cinnamon-infused bourbon?  Add to that Dolin Rouge, Averna Amaro, and orange bitters, and you have an instant classic.  Eventually we were called to our seats, and had a gander at the menu.  It is notably short, but the selections are strong.  We decided to begin with 2 appetizers:  the oysters with ginger mignonette ($10) and the corn tacos and tostadas ($10).  The oysters were fresh and delicious!  Interestingly enough, they were served with a surprise vodka shooter which I have not encountered before.  Better yet were the tacos and tostadas.  They are quite small and easily managed with a mere two bites apiece, but what amazing bites!  The yellowtail and salmon contained within were very fresh.  It's strange, the preparations were conventional, but the taste was anything but.  That is what is great about a skilled chef, able to make the most of every bite.  Great texture and flavors throughout, leaving you wanting more.  For the main course, I had the blackened catfish ($23).  This was an exceptionally well crafted dish that was engaging on several levels and looked beautiful.  The catfish had great color and texture and was well seasoned in such a way as to enhance the dish without obfuscation or dominance.  It rested on a bed of black eyed peas that were mixed with celery root.  Great idea.  Another surprise?  The use of fried pickles.  I loved the delicate walk between comfort food and fine dining exemplified in this dish.  The flavors harmonized, and it was simply a joy to eat.  Clearly with this run-up, dessert could not be missed.  So we decided to share the Black and White Mud ($8).  Even this was amazing!  Chocolate cookie crust, chocolate fudge, vanilla fudge coming together to make for a rather rich dessert.  That much would have made it good, and perhaps forgettable.  Garnish it with coarse sea salt and candied ginger, and it becomes wondrous.  Honestly, my first bite registered a sweet, rich dessert, then there was a second wave with the salt coming through, and then two seconds later, that wow moment when my mind registered the dish as a whole.  Oh my goodness, this is really quite good.  How do you top an amazing meal with amazing cocktails?  Well, Marcus Samuelsson himself came over and shook my hand and posed for a photo with my girlfriend.  We also saw him actively working in the kitchen which is a rarity for known chefs these days.  As good as it gets folks, reserve a table at your earliest opportunity.  Strongly recommend.
<review# 408,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2011,6/17/2011,552,567,18,26,24>The realization that I would be awarding five Yelp stars to a Thai restaurant hit me before the arrival of the lychee sorbet. There's a special chapter of my personal philosophy devoted to Thai - chiefly, that every Thai resto in the city shares a kitchen, and that Thai food is best enjoyed from take-out boxes in the comfort of your own living room - in short, not a destination food.Kin Shop, though, is a destination - and I recommend you make it your next. The location on Sixth Avenue, sandwiched between bodegas and chain delis, is odd - particularly in contrast to its classy-hip interior: a beautiful bar, open-air kitchen, and cheerful decor.The food really carried the experience. Here was an instance where my (positive) memories of the service and ambiance were rendered irrelevant by the sheer and inarguable deliciousness of warm sugar-snaps and scallops, specked with toasted coconut and sesame and marinating in coconut cream sauce ($12), a savory and spicy masala tomato soup ($9), and rice noodles with rock shrimp that didn't taste anything like the Wondee Siams (in a good way!).  Tables are meant to accommodate parties of 2-4; the vibe is a bit cafe for a proper date, but I'm excited to return with friends to sample the enticing cocktail list, as well as the remaining menu items. If Kin Shop is Thai food, then I rescind my position of skepticism about the canon. Thai food is awesome.
<review# 409,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2011,6/16/2011,170,236,19,19,21>"I'll take Swords for 300. That's 'S' words, Sean Connery."A few "S" words come to mind when I think of La Biblioteca: sexy, swanky, seductive, sophisticated, swagger.Located below Zengo, this tequila library is a not so little gem that's partially hidden in Murray Hill. I feel very vulnerable that I just outed the location to one of my favorite bars I've been to so far in 2011. Don't come here! Okay, fine come here and drink lots of tequila because they have over 400 different kinds.They have happy hour Tues-Fri 5-7 PM -- 3 tacos for $5! I have to admit their tacos are pretty good. We tried the grilled mahi mahi and carne asada. Both scrumptious, small but tasty. We also ordered the ceviche and fresh guacamole as sides. The ceviche was an unpleasant surprise. It came out with a semi thick red sauce that looked and tasted similar to banana ketchup (filipino condiment). We tried to eat as much as we could but the flavors didn't go well with one another. The guacamole on the other hand was good, as well as the warmly, salted housemade tortilla chips that it came with.They used to have pork buns on the menu but it's been taken off. However, you can still order it as they offer it on Zengo's menu. They were okay, something was missing. Definitely not as good as Ippudo's pork buns. I did enjoy the cilantro and heat that I got in the first bite.Before I started my vertical tasting (progressively aged tequila from one distillery) of El Tesoro, I had the El Tamarindo (El Jimador Silver, tamarind, citrus, chile pequin salt). The one thing I enjoyed about this cocktail was that the tequila wasn't over powering and I was able to taste the tamarind as well as heat from the chile.If this is your first visit or any visit for that matter, I'd highly recommend trying one of the tasting flights. You're able to sample a variety of tequilas. For $16, I tried the vertical tasting of El Tesoro (recommendation from waitress) and was really pleased with how smooth the tequila was. I enjoyed the Resposado the most out of Blanco and Anejo.Feeling like a baller* and want to purchase a bottle of Tequila, Mezcal or Sotol? You can store your bottle here for up to 6 months in metal wired lockers that line the perimeter of the library. Very efficient and aesthetically appealing. The long wooden table in front of the bar gives off the impression that you're in a real library...aside from the bar, the loud guys talking about their lay last night, and an inebriated girl crawling on the floor looking for the bathroom. It's also just a really nice wooden table that I'd like to have in my future dining room.If only all libraries were like this one...a girl can dream.*If yes and true, call me.
<review# 410,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2010,6/15/2011,80,212,16,17,24>Once merely well-respected amongst many "appetizing" stores on the Lower East Side, Russ & Daughters now stands as the last of its kind, a beautiful anachronism, a temple to Jewishness that makes me want to genuflect whenever I enter, mixed religious symbolism be damned. There is little I can say about it that hasn't already been said 100 times in venues across the spectrum, from the food blogs to Martha Stewart, Calvin Trillin to Anthony Bourdain. But here I go anyway.Its narrow space stocks a dizzying array of foodstuffs -- herring to Swedish fish, eggplant salad Roumanian to Argentinian prunes -- but its offical blog's name, "Lox Populi", betrays its heart and soul: smoked salmon, twelve or so different kinds, all laid out in gorgeous slabs behind the glass-fronted countertops. To match, there are a variety of cream cheeses and, of course, bagels to put it all on.The last time I was there, I tiptoed my way through a motley assortment of old (at least three women in the store at any given time can easily be typecast as "the nagging Jewish grandmother") and young (yes, hipsters), sidling up to where the smoked fish lay. I examined each in turn even though I knew exactly what I was there for. Lost in my awe, I walked headlong into another buyer. "Excuse me," I said.He gave me a look just long enough to be contemptuous, then called out, "Yo, gaspe on an everything bagel with scallion cream cheese!"One amongst the phalanx of elderly men behind the counter sprang into motion. "Eased into motion" might be a better way of putting it, but I still couldn't figure out how it was decided which of them would act on the order. They all looked as if they had been there for decades -- maybe they had developed a functional telepathy for these matters. I could not see over the countertop, but even just watching his bust efficiently bob back and forth was mesmerizing. Swish, swish, swish, put it in a paper bag and there you go, pay up front.Then one of the Jewish grandmother-types behind me called out a sentence in what sounded like Yiddish, and another man quickly filled her order. Lining up per se was not the M.O. -- I had to assert myself soon or risk looking like an idiot. Or worse, a tourist.I tried to catch the eye of one of the counter-soldiers. "Uh...""Yeah?" said a surly-looking man ten feet to his right.I pronounced the magic words: "Pastrami lox.""How much?""Oh, on a bagel.""What kind?""Uhh..." I hesitated. Obviously I hadn't been so prepared after all. "...plain? With plain cream cheese?"And to my surprise, a half-smile appeared on his face. "Always plain. Always." My smoked-fishmonger, my bagel-butcher if you will, turned. "Get me a plain, wouldya?!" Scant seconds later, he was offering me a paper bag. "Enjoy, boss."I made it about a block away before deciding that I couldn't take the suspense anymore. I reached into the bag and extracted the treasure within. I was greeted by the smooth golden exterior of a perfectly boiled bagel bisected by a line of white cream cheese and a diffusely glistening layer of smoked salmon. It almost seemed a shame to want to destroy it.But it wasn't just any smoked salmon. Pastrami lox! Salmon cured in a similar blend of herbs and spices to that which gives pastrami its characteristic flavor. I had not heard of it until a few months prior, and when I did, I thought it sounded like a crime against nature. Yes, I liked smoked salmon, and I liked pastrami. But you didn't see me rushing out to try, say, baconnaise. The taste-test reviews of the pastrami lox, however, were uniformly orgiastic. So what if "Russ" had sold his soul to the devil for this unholy marriage of foodstuffs? Was there even a devil in Judaism?The round contours of the bagel were broken, I noticed, by a flap of the pastrami lox hanging free in the breeze. From this flap I took a bite.And here my words fail. How can I convey the shock of that first bite, the cognitive dissonance that accompanied that fugue of flavors? Buttery and salty and spicy and... My brain actually froze for a while, and when I came to, the only coherent thought I could form was, "Well, hell, that *does* taste like pastrami and smoked salmon's love-child." The overwhelming emotion, however, was one of gratitude.After all, if I have a family in NYC one day, this is one of my fantasies: strolling into Russ & Daughters on a sun-dappled morning with my own daughter, splitting a Super Heebster sandwich with her, surreptitiously giving her the smaller half, with a consternated "DaaaAAD!!" following, then sheepishly exchanging halves, and watching the unconscious smile work its way onto her face as she takes tiny but relentless bites of her bounty. To be able to connect with NYC's past in such a wonderfully vital fashion is a privilege, and one that I sincerely hope my hypothetical daughter will still be able to enjoy in a decade or two. I think she will.Probability of return within 1 year: 100%
<review# 411,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2012,10/5/2012,67,210,23,27,8>FREE BEER!!!! while you wait that is.  so my friend dragged me to this place cause it was the new spot in town.  i come drinking around here a lot so why not try it out.  i get here semi early around 630.  there wasn't much of a line yet but they just sat the last table so i still had to wait about half an hour.  some hippy asian guy who looks too relaxed and stoned to be working there informs me that there's free beer while i wait.  they have a keg of miller lite and cups.  whoa, how bout i just come here and pretend i'm waiting for a table?  yeah times are rough.  i think i may.  i drink 4 beers, hoping our name never gets called.  a white girl comes out the dining room and says we're up.  we walk through a short hallway with curtains and neon lights to be seated in this dim little eating space.  it was pretty cozy and not too loud.  they have some weird designs, lots of neon lights, chairs hangin on the walls and bikes on the ceilings.  its definitely not a normal place.  i'm tellin u, stoners designed and run this place.there are about 25 options to order only.  we had the mapo tofu and chicken wings for our main course (yeah i'm trying to make this place sound fancy and upscale) and some eel and mouth watering chicken for our small dishes.  the eel was pretty good, nothing mouth watering about the chicken.  The mapo tofu, we asked for extra spicy and that it was.  but if you read any of my reviews, i'm immuned to spicy food (except for that damn buffalo cantina).  so i ate it like a man while my friend was tearing up and nasty snot was running out her nose.  disgusting.  whatever, i'm still hungry.  i take a bite into the chicken wings, which is covered with dry red chili peppers.  let me tell you, its the BEST DAMN CHICKEN WINGS i ever had.  and i've had a lot.  the price was reasonable, around $10 for a large dish and $7 for a small dish.  the service was very fast and friendly.  5 stars mission.  well done, i'll be back for the chicken wings...and the free beer. p.s. come early, if you come after 7, be prepared to wait an hour or more and they don't take reservations.  other notes, they only serve beer and wine and they actually accept credit cards.  they even have take out if you don't want to wait.  click useful for my review people. i've given you everything you need to know, you unappreciative bastards.
<review# 412,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2012,10/4/2012,1379,2327,26,42,36>I know that I should eat a bit more of a "cleaner" diet and sometimes I get the urge to try out going vegan/vegetarian, but the meat eater in me is in a constant battle with that thinking. It's like I have a devil sitting on one shoulder and an angel on the other constantly at odds. Well, at least for one night the angel won.Cafe Blossom made me totally think that I could actually enjoy the organic vegan lifestyle. Too bad I could never really cook the delicious plates that I tasted last night!Seriously, everything that we ordered last night was tremendous and tasted wonderful. At times I look at vegan food to be a bit bland, but the menu here is quite eclectic and full of intense aromas and flavor. Even the setting with it's subdued red walls, quiet music, and candle lit atmosphere offers an ambiance catering to an enjoyable relaxing meal exploring the vegan landscape. Looking over the menu we wanted to try everything! Alas, we had to settle for a only a few things. Our waitress, Penelope, was super sweet and friendly and offered some perfect suggestions for our first meal here. She suggested some drinks and we started off with the Strawberry Berry Sangria which was refreshingly intense and filled with blueberries too. As an appetizer we chose the Chickpea Fritters with sauteed ratatouille. This was totally not what I thought it would be and had a creamy consistency with a light crispy outside. As there were three pieces we had to fight over who got more. The main plates? Both terrific and totally different. Seitan Marsala with sage potato cake, sautéed garlic spinach, poached pear, shallot and thyme marsala reduction. Sautéed Mushroom Risotto with scallion, miso mustard cashew cream, fried leek, carrot, and cilantro. Holy taste bud assault! The seitan had an intense smokey flavor to it and everything on the plate complimented it perfectly. It makes you forget about eating meat or poultry, as this is in a category all it's own. Plus, such a large amount is served on the plate that there is no skimping here. The risotto was creamy and rich. Full of mushrooms and bold flavor. Even though this is quite a filling bowl I could not stop eating it and actually had to finally give up. As sides we had the sauteed asparagus with lemon, and grilled corn with a chipotle style sauce. Both were just a perfect accompaniment to the overall meal which was fabulous.Seriously, we were stuffed after this and could not even make room for dessert! Will have to go back, as we saw some people near us raving about it.  I must also note that the plating presentation is a joy to the eyes. Plates that are made of slate, bowls that have a futuristic look, and wine bottles on the table holding water. The location itself is a chic bistro with a very warm feel, but totally representative for this part of town in the West Village. Candles everywhere. They also have a full bar with some organic beer and wines to choose from. There is even a whole downstairs room that would be perfect for private parties and group dining affairs. Even the bathrooms are clean and elegant with a coed sink area in between them. What more can I say? This was a flawless meal. The food choices are totally vegan with a unique flair and prepared perfectly. You pay a little extra for expertly made vegan fare, and this is totally worth it. From the attentive service, to the stylish yet simple surroundings, to the fantastic food selections, Cafe Blossom is a joy to the palate and a must visit for those who enjoy the vegan lifestyle, or just looking to take a walk on the meatless side for a while.
<review# 413,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2012,10/3/2012,583,242,14,20,16>I may have fallen in love... Let me tell you the object of my affection is sexy as hell! Nope, not a new man in my life but a fabulous Jazz lounge in Tribeca. My mom was in town for the weekend and I wanted to take her somewhere special, somewhere swanky and somewhere we could get dressed up and really feel like we were having a New York night out on the town. Silver Lining fit the bill perfectly. Everyone we were greeted by and waited on could not have been nicer or more accommodating. They showed us over to the best table in the house as the Jazz Trio was getting ready to start their set. The space itself is larger than I thought it would be with tiny tables for two in front of the band area or up on a balcony if you want to be able to have more of a conversation. There are booths in the back for larger groups and a great bar area as well that I'd happily grab a drink at. However, I do think Silver Lining would be best for a date when you want to impress somebody (Gentlemen take note!) Our server Louis was fantastic. He made us laugh and had great recommendations. Mom and I never even looked at a cocktail menu, just told him what our favorite spirits are, which resulted in a wonderfully citrus lemon Vodka drink for Mom and an amazing ginger Bourbon beverage for me. The cocktails were absolutely fabulous and came with a metal stirring straw and large singular ice cube - now who doesn't love that? We ended up ordering some snacks as well and I can assure you the food is just as tasty as the cocktails. We got two orders of sliders, the lamb and the veggie. They will also accommodate you so you can also mix and match them in an order. Both were great, the lamb one was possibly the best lamb burger I've ever had in NYC. To top it all off, the music is just as good as the drinks and food! We sat back and listened to the Jazz, sipped our cocktails and just let all of our troubles melt away. I really don't see how anyone could have a bad night at Silver Lining or leave feeling anything other than total bliss and infatuation. Put this place on your list pronto!
<review# 414,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2012,10/2/2012,1368,622,28,20,18>Hello!My name is Leslie D.And I would like to share with youThe most amazing play.Er... musical.Yada yada yada.Prepare to be insulted if you are a Mormon, a Jew or a Christian! If you're a Catholic, you're screwed... but what else is new.Seriously though, The Book of Mormon is the most hilarious and most inappropriate musical I have ever seen in my life... and probably will ever see in my life and in eternity. I'm covering two planes here. You know I'm serious. Do yourself a favor, book the tickets a year in advance, pay the price, and go. You won't regret it!Word to the wise: Don't go with your 89 year old grandmother to this. Not only will she not understand any of it (and in effect wasting $200- thank God I didn't pay), she'll fall asleep during it.Oy vey! Oh wait, that's the wrong religion. Um... Hello!
<review# 415,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2012,10/1/2012,291,395,6,12,9>Borgatti's, you dastardly rogue!  You've ruined me for other ravioli forever!Seriously, these guys have been making pasta the same way for 70+ years and it's pretty clear that they have it down pat.  The place gets pretty crowded with Italian nonnas and other people who are also passionate about food, so don't be shy about flagging down one of the super-helpful staff.There are two types of ravoili available: ricotta cheese and meat & spinach.  Prices are super reasonable, and the ravioli are perfect with any preparation.  I particularly enjoyed the meat & spinach in a simple beef broth.  The ricotta cheese ravioli were even perfect plain!  The cooking process was very easy: simply boil gently for 8 minutesPARTING THOUGHT: I'm trying the squid ink pasta next time!
<review# 416,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2012,9/30/2012,124,482,3,5,6>They treated me like royalty and family for my birthday!Angel and Gio were very accommodating in helping me figure out how I wanted to organize my ever growing dinner party size. I had 7pm reservations for a party of 12 and we walked in and were all immediately seated. Yerba Buena is such a cute and cozy intimate dinning space so you can't help but to feel like family. The wait staff were all wonderful, Jose was a gentleman and very patient with taking all of our drink, appetizers, and dinner orders. I ordered the Hemingway drink and boy oh boy it was pretty delicious. Some of my guest even said their cocktails were pretty strong; I love a restaurant that doesn't hold back on the cocktails! We had such a large party so we ordered 3 servings of the corn and spinach filled empandas, guacamole, beef sliders and the sesame seed drizzled fried calamari. Absolutely amazing! I ordered the Lechon for my meal and could hardly finish it all by myself. The rice was well cooked and seasoned and I love love love love (yes quad love) any meal that has a side of maduros. For dessert they brought out 3 samplers and we all shared plates of churros, pastel de chocolate, fondue and my personal favorite, tres leches!The restaurant was full of birthdays and we all joined in with the staff congratulating the other patrons on their big day!I WILL definitely be back for another great meal.
<review# 417,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2012,9/29/2012,1806,1048,6,12,7>Perfect place for a dinner with a loved one or to catch up with your friends.  Theres a front bar with a few seats if you don't want to wait to eat at a table while there's a back room for proper seatings.  I also hear there's a back room where it gets even more intimate which I have not had the chance to check out quite yet ;)It's been awhile since I have given a restaurant 5 stars and Uva sure deserves it on my end.  They accept reservations whether by phone or by opentable so make sure you call in if you plan on going on a busy day! This was my first meal welcoming me to NYC as a new resident in my new area and I loved it.  Ordered:1. Speck- Delicious and ever so TENDER smoked prosciutto plate.  Warning. these portions are more than enough to share between 2-3 people.  We were not warned for our party of 2 and ended up ordering too much! See below! 2. Coppa- so tender that it felt like it was melting in your mouth. definite try!3. Choices of 2 cheese- comes with grapes and honey to drizzle on your cheese. 4. Cavatelli Al Pesto- pasta shells shaved with ricotta cheese. I absolutely loved this dish.  It wasn't too rich and the pesto sauce was absolutely to die for.  I felt like they added crack in there because I was not able to stop eating.  Because of this dish, it made me want to go back and try out their other pasta dishes.5. Ricotta Cheese & Black Truffle Honey Oil Bruschetta- This was pretty good for a start but I didn't think it was absolutely amazing and to die for like what everyone else says. Absolute recommendation and better yet, this gem of a place is right down the street from my apt!!! WOOOHOO!I will be a regular soon :)
<review# 418,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2012,9/28/2012,189,404,3,11,7>Seasonal is underrated. There is barely any hype about this place, yet it has been open since 2008. To our surprise, my fiance and I had one of the most creative, fun and tasty meals ever.We opted for the 5 course tasting which is a bargain at $68/person. The chef started us out with a beautiful and elegant cucumber amuse bouche. Next we were treated to a cucumber gazpacho with a pastrami artic char centerpiece. It was fresh and light on the palate. Sweetbreads with grilled watermelon cubes was our next course. The chef used a clever watermelon juice based sauce to finish the dish - who knew watermelon juice would be used in a savory sauce? Our third course was probably the best: poached egg and lobster under a covering of hen of the woods mushrooms, finished with pumpernickel foam. The textures of the hen of the mushrooms, airy foam and soft poached egg formed the perfect threesome. My final savory course consisted of just three ingredients: filet mignon, carrots and peas. But the presentation was unlike anything I've ever seen. The carrots and the peas were set up to look like an alice and wonderland landscape. A one inch wide, six inch across layer of peas puree was the base for a mini jungle of carrots and peas shoots. My words won't do it justice, take a look at my pictures to see the amazing artistry. Dessert was a trio of sorbets and fresh fruit over a line of rice pudding. A light but perfect end to the meal.Wolfgang Ban and Eduard Frauneder are doing some amazing work in midtown. The dishes were very modern and made me think about food in new ways. I've never been treated to such beautiful art on a plate. Per the Seasonal website: "[Ban and Frauneder's] goal is to provide elegant home-cooking in a sleek but welcoming setting." They have succeeded in doing that, now it's time to get the word out.
<review# 419,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2012,9/27/2012,304,974,5,12,8>If you had told me a year ago that today I would be relatively pain-free thanks to acupuncture, I would have told you you were out of your damn mind.In September, it will be a full year since I started visiting Jessica for my neck/back issues.  In a short amount of time, I already began to feel relief.  I have since gone from having an appointment once a week down to once a month.  I actually look forward to my monthly appointments because acupuncture is the perfect way to relax.  Jessica has been nothing but a sweetheart the entire time I have been going to her.  Each time I go, I learn something new about a different acupuncture point.  She's also been able to help my lungs a bit with the cupping method (which also feels awesome, btw).  Don't knock it till you try it.
<review# 420,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2012,9/26/2012,242,180,3,11,6>The Toucan & The Lion - you have done Mara PROUD (she's actually doing very well herself in Long Island).This sibling dinner with me and Michelle W. had taken at least a month of planning to accommodate both our busy schedules. The main catalyst for us to make this trip down to East Village was the ScoutMob 50%/$25 max coupon. We arrived for our 7PM reservations and were seated in the empty restaurant. By the time we left, the dining room was PACKED so I highly recommend calling ahead for reservations.We started off with the Scotch Eggs and how could you not? The different textures from the crispy duck sausage to the gooey egg yolk played wonderfully off each other. Each "egg" was about the half size of a baby's fist, which was extremely generous of the restaurant. Our eggs were followed by Duck Confit Mofongo, again the restaurant dazzled us with two simple ingredients: eggs and duck meat. Michelle educated me on the Puerto Rican heritage of Mofongo's but our dish was Asiatic in nature with Lap Chang (Chinese sausage) and a taro mash. Our mains were on deck and I was completely blown away. First, the lesser of the two, the Goat Pot Pie. So simple in design, yet elegant in execution. It was basically braised goat meat in massaman curry with sweet potatos and two flavored roti's, which completed the dish.Then the jewel of the night. The burger. Again, another simple design (with a simpler name) and a result that was mind-blowing. A quick caveat emptor, the burger here is cooked rarer than most, so I would suggest getting a medium if you're such to medium rare.Anyway, on to the burger. Applewood smoked bacon, cashew nut butter and ground meat on a chinese bao (bun), perfectly toasted to a gentle crisp on the outside yet soft, sweet and warm on the inside. I would have been perfectly satiated with JUST the bao. When it all came together, it was simply a surreal experience. The sweetness from the bao and butter were perfect for the thick, smokey bacon and wonderfully juicy meat. Needless to say, my half of the burger was gone faster than Michelle could take a picture. Then there were the pickles. Fresh pickles encased by perfect batter, literally perfect and literally indescribable. Just order it and you'll know what I mean.I had an amazing dinner with two appetizers and two entrees, which was ridiculously filling. I would suggest to just go 2/1 or 1/2 in app/entree. So the next day at work, one of my coworkers asked me what cuisine was TT&TL. I simply shrugged and said Asian Gastropub, as absurd as that sounds, it's really not that far from the truth.
<review# 421,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2008,3/16/2009,70,88,23,18,18>Man, I haven't written a Yelp review in so long, I forgot the mindset I try to get myself in.  I'm just gonna dive in awkwardly by yelling and see what comes of it:OMG JOE: THE ART OF COFFEE IS pretty much my new favorite place to go every morning [see, I'm in the zone now] despite the schlep from my work.To be fair, I've only ordered one thing--a soy au lait--so that's all I can comment on, but man is it good.  Their house coffee is really rich and full-bodied.  It was a welcome change to have something resembling quality as opposed to Starbucks where I feel the need to order fancy syrups and all that just to make my lukewarm latte-drink palatable.  ("Latte-drink" is to actual good coffee what "Yoo-Hoo Chocolate Drink" is to real chocolate milk from that place in Chelsea.)Anyway, I eventually switched it up and started getting my au lait with a Mexican Chiapas brew, which is also really good, but in a lighter, almost sweet kind of way.  So they're two for two.The pastry case is sparse sometimes, but the stuff comes from different bakeries and people around the city, and I've yet to find anything that's not fresh and delicious.  No more stale banana chocolate chip coffee cake for me plz n ty!Right, also the kids that work here are always super-friendly, which brings me to my next important point: Nobody's allowed to go here if you're going to steal Sexy Latte Boy away from me, and I'm totally serious about that, I'll kick your ass!  For full details, see my published works (read: shitty blog), but the bottom line is that although he may be of ambiguous sexuality, I called him first so just keep off.  You'll know who I'm talking about, everyone else is girls or that other guy.
<review# 422,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2008,3/15/2009,181,192,32,19,25>This is how a typical day for me goes.Breakfast: Kashi with SilkLunch: Absurdly healthy spinach saladSnack: Greek Yogurt with Splenda/CinnamonDin...: WHAT? CUPCAKES?!?!?!??! RED VELVET CUPCAKE? Sugar Sweet Sunshine? Diet? Who's on a diet? All inhibitions, out the door. TOO delicious.I usually have one or two, then lick the icing off a third. Fail.
<review# 423,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2008,3/14/2009,220,110,17,17,18>I love parks and I love meat, especially greasy meat that is trying to destroy the bun that holds it.  Greasy burgers remind me of my grandma's ghetto burger that she cooked in her iron skillet and served on Wonder bread. I live for those days and the resulting heart attacks I will eventually encounter.Shake Shack is just a wonderful addition to a small New York park. It allows me to enjoy my pseudo nature, and relive the days of my youth at the same time. These burgers are simple but they really are just plain good. I look forward to its new restaurant location near the Museum of Natural History and to perhaps one day getting one of these burgers without waiting twenty minutes to order.Those friggin buzzer things are cool though. Why they look like tasers however is beyond me?
<review# 424,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2009,3/13/2009,410,456,14,26,25>Mexican Cuisine........Our first mother -daughter Saturday date for 2009!!Camille picked up the place.  As usual she relied on the reviews of our famous Yelpers  and we were not disappointed!!  With 4 and 5 stars you can't lose.We took the # 7 train to 46th St/Bliss station and walked 5 minutes  to reach this well  reviewed (54times) restaurant.  The corner place was small (26 seats) but tastefully decorated with a huge mirror on one side and a gigantic picture of a big apple on the other brick side wall.  There are  a couple of hanging lights .. very cozy.  and simple.  A small bar is in one corner. Each table has tea lights and they have one waiter. The place was half full or was it half empty when we arrived.  but a couple of peoplecame in right after..  As soon as we were seated I ordered the  Guacamole while browsing over the menu.  It was delicious!! We also had the Ceviche De Veracruz...Diced Sea scallops with  fresh  Lime juice, diced Red Onion, tomatoes,Jalapenos ,Avocado,Cucumber,Cilantro and drenched in olive oil .Really good.  We finished everything.  Camille ordered their special Skirt Steak Mole with rice and beans and I had the Chuleta de Puerco -Grilled PorkChop with Caramelized onions, Yellow rice, Black beans and Tortillas. The origin of these unique Mexican dishes is obscure, but it's probably a very good guess that they are of mestizo (Spanish-Amerindian) inspiration, created out of he need to make a filling meal from whatever could be afforded and kept on hand.... tortillas, beans, rice, noodles..Like her music, Mexico's food is sometimes hot, sometimes sweet, sometimes a blending of both; but it is never dull.Although we were both full....and  had no more space for  a Postre (dessert) we capped our meal with an order of Pastel de Tres Leches .  A fitting finale  for an exciting cuisine.Camille won't stop talking about it on our way home...I have to shut her up. I stopped by this Mexican grocery and bought a bottle of Mole....I have to try it home...Opps...something very important that I  inadvertently missed.....The Prices are .......... VERY AFFORDABLE!!!  For all that we had.....The bill came uip to $ 42.00 plus tip of course....
<review# 425,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2009,3/12/2009,254,204,30,28,28>The Bacon Cheddar Burger at 5 Napkin isn't cheap, but it was one of the top 5 Burgers I've had in Manhattan. It had more juice than Jamba. Lotta Mercy! Shabba!Geezy's T-Mobile Fav Five Burgers in NYC: 1. Shake Shack 2. The Spotted Pig 3. Rare 4. Corner Bistro 5. 5 Napkin Burger Close, But No Cigar Burger: Burger Joint Don't Knock It Until You Try It Burger: Sirloin Burger at Eatery That Burger Is On Steroids: Molly's Bacon Cheeseburger Best Fast Food Burger in NYC: Wendy's. I had to choose one, right? Mac and BK tastes more microwaved than Wendy's. Best pound for pound Burger based on Price, Taste, and Satisfaction: DOUBLE-DOUBLE @ In-N-Out Burger Best Burger Character of All Time: J. Wellington Wimpy aka "Wimpy" from Popeye cartoons. "Wimpy loves to eat hamburgers, and is usually seen with one (e.g. in "Popeye the Sailor Meets Sindbad the Sailor," where he eats burgers almost the entire time) but is usually too cheap to pay for them. A recurring joke is Wimpy's attempts to con other patrons of the diner into buying him his lunch. Wimpy often tries to outwit fellow patrons with his convoluted logic. His famous line, which was first introduced to the cartoons in the 1934 cartoon We Aim to Please, is "I'd gladly pay you Tuesday for a hamburger today". youtube.com/watch?v=NJ6x…Best Burger Dialogue in Film: Pulp Fiction "I don't know, I didn't go into Burger King." "I'll have the Durwood Kirby Burger, bloody, and a five-dollar shake." "Hamburgers! The cornerstone of any nutritious breakfast." You ever eat at a burger place in NYC and think you can make that shit at home after finishing it? Probably means it was nothing memorable. I could make that shit at home list: 1. Five Guys Burgers 2. Goodburger 3. Better Burger 4. BRGR 5. BLT Burger However, after you devour a Double Shack Burger at Shake Shack, do you think you could replicate that burger at home? Hell mutha-phuckin NO. Kidding me? Burger Places I Need To Try One Day: 1. Father's Office (Los Angeles, CA) 2. Dumont Burger (Brooklyn, NY)3. ? 4. ? 5. ? "Well, if you like burgers give 'em a try sometime. I can't usually get 'em myself because my girlfriend's a vegetarian which pretty much makes me a vegetarian. But I do love the taste of a good burger. Mm-mm-mm. You know what they call a Quarter Pounder with cheese in France?"
<review# 426,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2008,3/11/2009,192,650,23,20,20>Lately, I have had two problems with dinner.  It's not that we don't get along, dinner and I.  We do.  I love dinner.  I love breakfast for dinner, snacks for dinner, dinner for dinner, even.  But we've hit a rough patch in our relationship.Problem one:  All too often I find myself eating breakfast at 1 pm.  This means lunch might not happen until 7 and dinner might not happen at all. This also means that drinking time might come before lunch time.  Drinking on an empty stomach requires speed and agility.  It's a task navigated only by masters. Problem two:  I am ALWAYS hungry after drinking.  It doesn't seem to matter how much I ate before the drinking commenced, when the night's a windin down: I want food.  I see it as preventative medicine.  The more I eat, the less hungover I feel.  This may not seem like a problem per se, but I can't help but think that eating before AND after drinking is a touch..... excessive. The only way I've managed to deal lately is to skip the pre drinking meal, consume carefully and then hit the late night dinner with reckless abandon. I'm talking eggs, hash, bacon AND a toasted blueberry muffin (Yah, I don't mess around).Cosmos Diner, with it's massive menu and greasy breakfasts, has more than once been the light at the end of the Hangover Tunnel.  The breakfast plates bring me back from the brink of what could have been a very, very nasty hangover.   I think Cosmos and I are going to be very, very happy together.
<review# 427,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2009,3/10/2009,157,490,34,35,32>(The following review is suitable for mature audiences only. Reader discretion is advised)"That is a mini kok". Yup. That's what she said - after observing it intently."Really?" (That's all he could say!)She (speaking slowly): "It's pronounced coke. It's a pastry made with cake-type cookies that are filled with pastry cream, dipped in syrup, and topped with a chocolate glaze." "Think of it as a Greek cream puff", the server added helpfully as I tried to keep a straight face and ignore naughty thoughts.You either have it or you don't. And, by that I mean the ability to pick a winner amongst a hundred contenders ("But I like the way you're thinking"). Having introduced me to the fine world of (rich) Greek pastries through Omonia Café, Athens Café, and many others, my friend, a bonafide Greek, was astounded when I returned the favor by introducing her to Artopolis, a delightful bakery that would compete favorably with the very best that Athens has to offer - at the very least in the breathtaking variety of their products. Cookie Monster let me introduce you to Melomakarona:  this spice (Cinnamon, Clove) cookie is a Christmas tradition in Greece and is dipped in a syrup of honey and lemon juice and sprinkled with walnuts. *Poof* Wait, where did it disappear?The Cookie Monster is not the only one who would go Kookie in the middle of so many cookies! I've discovered the only way to figure out what you do and don't like is to pick a pound of assorted cookies. After padding up my waistline, I've realized that I also like Kourambiethes (rich, walnut shortbread) and Kouroulakia (mildly sweet, coffee dunking) cookies. Oh, and the dark chocolate Florentines. Recession worries got you beat? Try their traditional Greek pastries and feel rich, without pulling off a Madoff. You don't need to create a ponzi scheme when you can indulge in different types of Kataifi (shredded phyllo dough, walnuts, honey - including one similar to Knafeh), Galaktoboureko (custard filled phyllo where the custard is baked with the pastry as opposed to a mille-feuille), and Baklava (regular, almond, pistachio, chocolate, fig, coconut). Oh, and did I tell you about the 12 different kinds of glaces? Sinful.Twisted minds seeking to atone for their sins (say, for being on yelp Talk), or merely needing sustenance for another harrowing time (say, on yelp Talk) can feast on the braided Soureki - traditionally served to celebrate Easter (and similar to Challah). There are a few tables to sit down and enjoy the pastries with illy coffee. You should not expect to overhear dialogues of Plato or the plays of Aristophanes in a mini-mall of America - and you don't.  Even though a narration of 'The Clouds' might be extremely relevant in these times. Who needs 'Shopaholic' when one can learn from Socrates?
<review# 428,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2009,3/9/2009,200,110,15,18,17>I take Yelp recommendations very, very seriously. So when Lan Zhou Handmade Noodles repeatedly was at the top of the most reviewed list, I knew I had to make the trip to the labyrinth that is Chinatown.Inconspicuous and neatly camouflaged against the bustling Chinatown backdrop, Lan Zhou is truly an indubitable hole in the wall.Small groups and single diners came in and out at a steady stream, slurping steaming bowls of hot hand-pulled noodle soups and scarfing down freshly crafted boiled and fried dumplings. My friend and I tried the oxtail noodle soup and the beef brisket noodle soup with an order of boiled dumplings and an order of fried dumplings.  The noodles were perfectly al dente, doughy, and comforting. The broth was delightfully salty and savory (tons of MSG - my body will decompose nicely when I'm dead) and the portions were HUGE. I am not a light eater by any means and there was still a hefty pile of noodles in my bowl at the end of the meal. The dumplings were SO good. For lack of eloquency, all I can say is that they were the BOMB.COM. No soy sauce needed, my friends.So, two bowls of noodles, 2 orders of dumplings, one Diet Coke, and one regular Coke = $17. I still like to think of myself as a poor, degenerate college student so this meal was a steal.This place is awesome. Game over.
<review# 429,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2009,3/8/2009,1135,197,30,33,31>Mondays at Croxley Ales PERIOD! My Monday's shall never be the same, and I have Croxley Ales to thank for that. A) 10 cent wings! Are you freaking reading this right?! I SAID 10 CENT WINGS PEOPLE! That means 40 WINGS = 4 DOLLARS!  No more Lean  Cuisine for this little tush!B) $4 Beer of the day!! Which in my case means, $8 tops and I'm getting pretty wasted. I'm lucky enough to be a pretty cheap date. C) Located in the very laid back and my all time favorite neighborhood of New York, Alphabet City on Avenue B! LES Area.D) A great mixed crowd and decent bar space! You can choose to sit and dine in the back or grab a stool at the bar or the along the wall.E) Nice spot to check out sports, they play about 4 different types of games on their many flat screens. D) Last but not least... if you are a single lady like myself "SCORE"! Some of the guys may not enjoy hearing this but from what i can see this place is about 75% Men and they are VERY nice on the eyes. I felt a bit like I was in a candy store for minute while at the bar. So will I be going back?...HELLO! ;o)
<review# 430,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2008,3/7/2009,27,111,12,12,9>It's really hard to give this place 5 stars when the Wow to $$ ratio is like 1:$90. Which means for every $90 dollars spent I had 1 wow dish. That's really not a lot especially when comparing this place to something like Ko where the ratio is like 1:$40 or even Kenka (bull penis = wow = $7 = 1:7)We had the tasting menu at the counter and the chef was nice enough to let us substitute the eel and fois, and the quail for a sea bass. So definitely points for letting diners be a little flexible. The amuse, lemon gelee with olives, was OK. The flavors were unique and interesting but wouldn't say it was good. The split pea soup again with lemon gelee was refreshing but didn't like the fact that we had two things back to back with lemon gelee. But no wows there.The langoustine carpaccio was VERY good. No wow because I've had something similar at Ko and Robuchon's restaurant in Macao. Using langoustine was different but the flavor, while great, was very familiar. The scallop was a wow dish. But the scallop wasn't really what made the dish wow, it was actually the pink/purple seaweed garnish that really made the dish. That garnish added a ocean/briny flavor to the sweetness of the scallop while adding a bit of extra texture. Next was the quail and eel which was both very flavorful and rich. A minor Wow but that may have been due to not having fois in a while.Kobe beef was Kobe beef. Cooked well, flavored well. The pre dessert was nice, tasted like a banana daiquiri in a shot glass.Mint sorbet with grapefruit was nice and light. I think the mint was a little overpowering but the plating of that dish was pretty amazing.finally, the chocolate mouss/coffee ice cream with some type of crumble was a simple delicious dessert. Maybe a little too safe but enjoyed it nonetheless.Their espresso and coffee was actually some of the best I've ever had. They were both really smooth and rich, with no bitter after taste. Wow.So, for two, came out to ~$550, so divide by 2, then by the amount of wows (3) , the total comes out to ~$90 per wow which is pretty damn expensive.
<review# 431,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2010,8/3/2010,545,1338,32,26,25>My adventures with French men led me to Kenka. I had never been before and I was super excited for the cotton candy machine. But first we were to sober up with beer. Kenka has really cheap beer which sort of tastes like water. They give you little tumblers and they end up looking like apple juice glasses but you know there's a tiny bit of alcohol in there. We mulled over the cartoon menu and everything looked foreign to me. Honestly, I can't bring myself to stomach 3/4ths of the menu but it is pretty fun and I like that young people are so willing to eat various pieces of organs and innards as well as zoo animals. "Look! They have frog!" I tell the French men.The French men tell me that neither of them have ever had frog before and that it is a misconception that all French people eat frog. Really? Now, I am not so sure that I was even with French men that night. "Turkey testicles!!" I scream out. No one wants turkey testicles. The waitress walked past us carrying a tray of fried frog spread eagle much like the nekkid women on the wall. The frog reminds me of 9th grade biology class and I slightly gag. Our snacks consist of french fries (because I was with French men and they misread my telepathic messages about Pommes Frites around the corner), gyoza, and fried chicken without bones. We became sufficiently full and the pitcher was emptied. The waitress asked for our pitcher and through a miscommunication, French man orders another pitcher of beer. This delays cotton candy time for another half hour. When we decide it is finally time to go, French man's "check" sounds like "chicken". We pray that the waitress doesn't give us another round of chicken. We just want cotton candy and the bill.The cotton candy turned out to be oodles of fun and by far the best part of Kenka. There is no adult supervision and wow that spun sugar can get wild. I am barely tall enough to stare into the machine but I do so on my tippy toes and I had a hell of a time turning my chopstick into a ball of dissolving pink fluff.On a sidenote, Kenka has a wall of pachinko machines. It's just like Tao in regards to pachinko in the bathroom. In essence, Kenka is like a playground for immature young adults who enjoy feasting on fried food, gross factor, beer, porn and candy.
<review# 432,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2010,8/2/2010,209,117,10,19,17>Cafés in NYC may be a dime a dozen, but I'll end my search here. Late hours? Check. Friendly staff? Check. Eclectic crowd? Check.Comfortable environment? Check. Good and reasonably priced food? Check, check, check. A nibble of tiramisu first. Wash it down with a sip of freshly made Americano. Breathe, relax, and take in the surroundings with a glance. At the next table, a street artist proclaims his plans to be in a museum one day. Suddenly, a group of not-entirely-sober students enters loudly, searching for an early hangover cure. Under the shelter of the covered outdoor dining section, an elderly couple smiles and shares secret whispers. My mind could, and does, wander for hours in this manner. Perhaps it's a good thing they aren't open 24/7 on the weekends anymore. If it weren't for their new closing time of 2:00 AM, they'd be hard pressed to remove me from my comfortable window-side nook, oblivious to the outside world for just a few more hours.
<review# 433,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2010,8/1/2010,732,444,28,27,30>I love being outside. And I love live classical music, particularly when performed by the New York Philharmonic. I also love dinner picnics with wine at dusk. Why, then, is this review not 5 stars? Well, I shall tell you.First off, you have to arrive 2 hours early just to make sure you snag a place to sit. And even then, the late-comers jam in the small spaces you were relishing between you and your closest neighbors. Secondly, if you're lucky, the group of people next to you will talk throughout the concert, making your ability to hear the music minimal. While inhaling all of their cigarette smoke, you instead get to overhear conversations about how GREAT NY is in the summer, why NYU is cooler than Columbia, and how Bob is the worst in bed because he has the hairiest back EV-ERRRRR. The rich people up front have to cue you when to clap, because between the smoke, gossip, crying babies, and lack of personal space, it's hard to tell when one piece has ended and the next has begun. When you can actually hear the music, however, it is amazing (not to mention free). Dusk in the park is always magical, and outdoor wine-picnic opportunities are not to be missed. So what I recommend is the following: Get up as close to the front as you can for Part 1 of the concert. At intermission - or whenever you become overwhelmed by the non-musical-noise of the crowd - make your way to the back of the Great Lawn. You can't see much unless you're sitting in the front anyway, and the speakers provide enough oomph for you to feel like you are close to the orchestra. Plus, you have lots of free space, can actually smell the (semi) fresh air, and can watch bats wheel in circles in the darkening sky.
<review# 434,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2010,7/31/2010,203,182,6,12,13>As much as I hate the pretentious name, Culture Espresso Bar delivers quality coffee, brewed with love by attentive baristas. That's all the more notable considering the shop's location in the Bead District, otherwise known as Pret Land, just south of Bryant Park.Pret thrives on quick service and speedy cashiers, but Culture invites you to make yourself comfortable at a windowside stool while the baristas methodically work their magic at the bar. The final product is well presented and accompanied by a tiny glass of water, if you want it.But coffee magic doesn't come cheaply. One recent afternoon when I stopped in for an espresso, I overheard some Italians saying "e' carissimo!" or, "it's really expensive!" And yes, if you're used to paying 80 cents for espresso, $2.50 does feel like a dirty crime.I'll keep coming here though, because at Culture, there are no sushi lunches, no chicken caesar salads, no egg & cheese breakfast baguettes. It's all about the coffee. And once in a while, it's nice to just sit and think, with no distraction but the lingering taste of coffee on your tongue.
<review# 435,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2010,7/30/2010,412,222,22,28,25>To celebrate(?) Cinco de Mayo, we headed to the newly open Cienfurgos last night. Since there is no sign outside but the obviously colorful store front looking like an ice cream parlor, I almost rang somebody's apartment with the same address, 443 E 6th Street thinking of another speakeasy door. Downstairs is small, cute and as I said before colorful ice cream parlor, we waited there for our table upstairs. You can sit at the bar downstairs for some bites and drinks until you are ready to be escorted by the guy who checks your ID. The girl downstairs is very pretty and exotic to make you feel that you already are in for some cultural experience. Brought to you by the owner of Death & Co and Mayahuel, first I thought Cienfuergos was Mexican but it was Cuban. Not for long, we got a table and went through this rough(?) back alley up a steel stairs to the lounge. The girl from the downstairs bar hinted that their ribs are the one what we must order. Upstairs was very like a fairy tale garden in antique style. Main color mixes of bold aqua green, pink and white. Country vineyard like with the white metal fences. Pouring natural light of twilight thru the windows. The stylish white couch chairs lovingly comforted us. Plastic upholstery tho, I guess being a spill proof? Well, my friend accidentally knocked the water glass on me, yes she did and it ended up being an easy drying up but also feeling like in a summer pool already. We had some cocktails($13-14) and the cuban ribs ($15) and cortadito (coffee, which is a latin espresso with a couple drops of milk). According to my friend, cortadito literally means, coffee cut by milk. It is quite different from coffee with milk which was also in the menu. Only a couple of drops of milk is shot into the espresso. A hint of milk, not being diluted. How interesting. The cocktails were excellent. The menu is very extensive with the big theme of Cuba, Ernest Hemingway and Rum punches. Also they use raw and dry herbs as finishing touch which I found quite interesting. I had La Hanana b/c it had most number of ingredients out of all menu and my friend got Isle Pine Punch (I forgot the exact name).  Mine came with the chamonile sprinkled on top and my friends had a star anise in the cocktail. La Habana was rather more tropical and I loved the every drop of it. So fragrant and lemony, too. You can order cocktails by the glass or sized up to punch bowl and on, which comes in silver punch bowl for self serving ($33 and up for various sizes.). Definitely better for the bucks and feeling like a garden party. The ribs were so yummy and tender but I would want it a little more seasoned. Came with the smashed fried plantain was a little dry. I wanted to try Tamales but since the ribs were recommended so...... Though, I am expecting something similar good as Tamales at Mayahuel which I loved. And of course, Cuban sandwich next time. However, if you want just food I suggest you get from downstairs not waiting for upstairs. Upstairs are more for drinks and chilling. The service was very smooth and good. The bill came in a cuban cigar box as a nice final touch which i wished a real thing in it. We will come back. Quite refreshing and what a brighten up place Cienfuegos was. Highly recommended. P.S. Few improvements needed.. (which resulted in a half star reduction) so overall 3.5 stars.1. Bathroom was not quite done yet and there indeed was an apology sign on the door.2. The alley way to upstairs, while I was walking down the stairs holding the bar, the hot water pipe was in the way also touching the bar, I jumped upon touching the hot pipe and almost stumbled to fall down the stairs. These pipes are needed to be covered immediately.
<review# 436,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2010,7/29/2010,316,268,16,27,20>Before food trucks were trendy, before Starbucks popped up on 46 st. and when the 7 line still utilized the Redbird trains, the Taqueria Dalia Taco Truck stood under the Sunnyside arches every night serving late night workers, drunken pedestrians, and faithful regulars.Although I've moved out of Sunnyside, my friends and I still manage to make our way to one of our  favorite taco trucks. (Don't tell mom but sometimes when I visit, I make sure not to fill up too much from her cooking so I can treat myself to a taco on the way home. Shhh!) I'm surprised it hasn't been reviewed although I suspect that it is probably overshadowed by the more talked about Vagabundos truck on 41st. Several meats to choose from, perfectly toasted tortillas with plenty of limes and bottles of green, red, or avocado sauce to dress the tacos to your tastes. The tacos are well seasoned and balanced without overbearing the palate with salt like some trucks do. I can't lie. As much I love their tacos, I love their tortas even better. Packed with meat, lettuce, cheese, tomatoes, avocado and mayo, it's definitely great for soaking up all that alcohol. - Tacos $2.50- Tortas $5- Sit on the few benches scattered on the street
<review# 437,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2010,7/27/2010,163,562,13,25,26>I don't know where I am, but i've been here before.  The patio is serene and darkened, a comfortable canopy of grape tendrils gives cover, a lazy fan laps breeze into your cheeks, the Decemberists are playing in the background.  A bite of creamy burrata complimented by the sweet and tang of a lightly marinated salad of strawberries and peaches, taste like summer.  I could be at any great restaurant back patio in the world, but i'm right here in Williamsburg.I'm in the middle of a thought provoking meal at Traif.  A newish restaurant that, judging by the light crowd on a Friday night, hasn't gained traction with the locals quite yet.  Food and service like this, and I suspect that will soon change.Lightly fried sweet breads, complimented by the earthiness of artichokes and maitake mushrooms, make me wonder why all restaurants (other than Traif) tend to over-batter and over-cook their sweet breads.  I'm also guiltily struck at how much sweet breads are reminiscent of Chicken McNuggets, which is maybe why they're so enjoyable.An earthy and unctuous plate of tender sauteed broccoli rabe on a bed of portabella bechemel and topped with an over easy egg could convert me into a full time vegetarian - I don't miss meat at all with this dish.  A competently done cockle and conchiglie pasta, mounted with butter, flecked with truffle oil and spiked with jalapenos, tastes much lighter and cleaner than the sum of its parts.  I also wonder why Traif, which is decidedly non-Italian, is running circles around most Italian restaurant's pasta.A dessert of brown sugar budino, a delicious but complicated palette of reserved notes - chocolate, sweet and saltiness - caused my palate to wildly reach for approximations.  "Where have I had this flavor profile before?  Caramel corn at the county fair?  Chocolate mousse at Robuchon?  Where?"  I can't make up my mind, but I know this budino is damn tasty.The food is on point, the wine is flowing, and the final bill is too good too be true.  I'm struck at how good the food is, how modestly it's priced, and wonder why all restaurant's can't figure out this formula.  Maybe i'm not at any restaurant's back patio in the world.  I'm right here at Traif.
<review# 438,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2010,7/26/2010,157,490,29,30,30>The answer to this riddle should help you get the most out of your yelping experience:Q: How can you tell a yelper from California who knows good Mexican food.A: You can't. They tell you. :)Ok, this is my last pot shot at those who don't know that it's been a few decades since folks started migrating to New York from southern Mexican states like Puebla and Guerrero and introduced not just their home cooking but also ingredients from Mexico. Sunset Park boasts many fine delis and trucks (have you seen the line outside Tacos Bronco?) serving good Mexican food. La Flor de Piaxtla is one of them.I blame the Horchata. Forced to pick between Ricos Tacos: a recommendation by Lisa D, and La Flor de Piaxtla: a recommendation by Mama Unlucky and Briana, I chose the latter deli as they hadn't run out of Horchata. I might not even have debated the choice, for in my next visit I saw a handwritten sign: Ricos Tacos on the window of The Flower of Piaxtla (a town in Puebla). I don't know whether the two are owned by the same folks, but the difference in ambience between the two is like the difference between Salsa Verde and Salsa Roja."Salsa Verde", I repeated when the server asked me to pick sides and the concerned look on her face at the selection of green, forced me to ponder: Does Absinthe make the heart grow fonder?Pleasure and pain - Cecina y Salsa Verde. I must confess, the dish activated all my paranasal sinuses. It was fiery and thoroughly tested the soothing qualities of the Horchata. But, I can handle heat and the server smiled when I didn't ask her to upgrade the size of my drink. Truth be told, of all the items on the menu I've tried here (Tacos: Suadero, Carne Asada, Barbacoa, Pollo) the grainy Horchata was the only disappointment, compared to the superlative, almost sublime, version at Tulcingo Deli.A flower shop outside, grocery items, magazines and CDs inside - La Flor de Piaxtla is no hole in the wall, even the programming on display wasn't too jarring, and once the taste buds had gone green, I had a relaxing experience - till the music changed to a Spanish version of Hotel California. Now, that is just wrong.But, Mama Unlucky is usually right. And you should listen to your mama. Especially when she tells you to eat green. Though, she might have meant Cilantro :)
<review# 439,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2010,7/25/2010,168,363,11,19,14>Well hellllo there.They serve a nice, huge wine glass of sangria, both red and white are good. We ordered the guacamole (which is made to order: mild, medium, spicy in a molcajete) could use a bit more flavor (lime, cilantro, jalapeno), because while tasty, it fell kind of flat. Nice touch serving it with both chips and tiny tortillas. The small bowl of lime-y, super spicy roasted peanuts placed before us on the bar were addictive--I could have eaten the entire bowl.The indoor space is somewhat small (with a back patio that apparently can be reserved for private parties), so if you have say, four people, it is wise to make a reservation, or go early and have all members present and accounted for. Trust me on this. Oh, yes...I will most definitely be back to have a mojito, as those looked mighty refreshing too. The prices are pretty decent for happy hour as well.
<review# 440,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2010,7/24/2010,343,317,38,41,44>It's in a posh buildingRight on the Upper East SideThere's a coat check and a front loungeTo relax if you must wait for the main rideDrinks are lovely, orchid flower in an orb of iceExtra olive grissini given if you are extra nice!Here, I rightly feel not too shabby!They usher us into the main roomOur table is completely readyStately columns, flowers in full bloom!This classy decor is the real dealI hate to have to say itBut I very firmly feelOut of my league here!I'd like to say a word for the service staff-They perform gracefully without a single gaffe! (crumb, refill, answer)How do you rate a restaurant that is Daniel?How do you absorb the meal and pin it down?How do you find the words that define Daniel?A flash in the pan! A will-o'-the wisp! A jewel!Many a thing you'd like to consumeMany a dish you try to understandBut how do you take stock of all that comes your wayNothing tastes quite transcendentThough presentation truly resplendentOh, how do you rate a restaurant like Daniel?How do sum up a grand experience?So I eat and I'm confusedOut of focus and bemusedAnd I never know exactly what's on my plateAnd I ask the service staff to relateA variety of tastes brought togetherSome sparkle, others subtle as a featherThere's oyster! Overcooked lobster! Foie Gras!The sea bass passes the testIt's cooked and dressed to its bestToo bad the sides don't throw my taste buds for a whirl!It's classic technique! Nothing wild!And the beef, it's perfectly cooked!Short rib and rib-eye meltingly tenderNot transcendent but not return to sender!How do you rate a restaurant that is Daniel?How do you absorb the meal and pin it down?How do you find the words that define Daniel?A flash in the pan! A will-o'-the wisp! A jewel!Many a thing they present for dessertCoconut lemongrass mango soup that just popsWarm chocolate cake with milk creme glaceeAnd fresh madelines! Petit fours! Truffles!Grand finale! a second round! When do they stop?Oh, how do you rate a restaurant like Daniel?How do you hold a moonbeam in your hand?
<review# 441,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2007,5/29/2007,3042,746,9,34,24>You're either going to love it, or you're going to hate it...Believe me when I say that everything about this place is sexy. I think I even feel sexier just walking in the door! Not sure what this place does to me... but it always seems to do it.Attentive sexy waitstaff, love the roaring fire, entertaining billiards table, and an eclectic strange mix of random people.  Definitely great conversation place to relax  during the week and a fun sceney crowd late night and on the weekends.If you're not sure when to come to "Rose Bar" let's think about Rose Bar as if it were an item on a menu at a restaurant.  Please select from the "Menu" options below.Main Course: "Loungy Rose Bar"Time: 5-9 pm Mon-Fri Best Scenario: for medium to small intimate groups.Result: Just lovely. You guys will have a nice time.Aperitif - "Jumpstart your evening"Time: 8pm-10pm Tues-SatBest Scenario: 3 or less people should share (easier to navigate and not wait too long)Result:  Delicious and a good pick you up.Snacks & Indulgences: "Uh oh! Troublemaker!"Time: 10pm-2 am Wed-SatBest Scenario: 2 Hotties or a small group with a confirmed reservation.Result: If you're into a "scene" you might enjoy it... if you're a hipster "anti-scene" person then try coming another time...So whether you're naughty, or whether you're nice, there is always a little something for everyone if you select from the appropriate menu items above.Date Rating: 6Pick up Scale: 7Strong Suggestions: Dress well, or be worth more than a million bucks!
<review# 442,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2007,5/28/2007,37,340,17,9,14>You know, I've never Yelped the Met, because really, how do you catch a cloud and pin it down? How do you hold a moonbeam in your hand? It really is probably one of the more perfect cultural institutions in the state or country, and is without a doubt the best one I've ever been to. The Met is perfect for the following occasions: field trips, fun times with friends posing with armor, quiet afternoons with a notebook, early mornings, late evenings, rainy days, sunny days, Sundays, Tuesdays, Fridays, loud days, quiet days, first dates, in a box, with a fox, anywhere, anytime, everything. I mean, I suppose if I were being constructive, I'd say that sometimes their maps could be printed a little more clearly, and that their cafeteria is overpriced. But it's the Met. And I'll probably never love any place more in my entire life. And a lot of why is because on one of those sunny days and Fridays it's perfect for is when Andrew & I had our first date. To end, though, because I know that's kind of overkill with being sappy, I'll tell a funny story. Andrew & I went back on our anniversary this year because we thought it'd be nice to recreate out first date. Especially since our first date had been pretty cheap. And we is broke. Po', even. So we go and I thought I had two quarters, so when the woman asked how much I'd be paying, I told her fifty-cents. I couldn't find where I put my change and so I begrudgingly got my wallet and took out a dollar. She said to me- far too loudly for as humiliating as this was- "I can't make change for a dollar, ma'am." I blushed and rolled my eyes and said, "Keep the whole dollar, okay?" Oh well.
<review# 443,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/17/2007,5/27/2007,75,147,17,13,15>Apparently, Puma was started in 1948 by Rudolph Dassler, Adi Dassler's (founder of Adidas)  brother.  After some kind of bitter dispute, Rudy stormed off and started his own athletic shoe company, and the rivalry began.  Naturally, if Adidas has stores in NYC, Puma must now have even more of them.*Sigh* Does anyone remember a time when sporting goods companies made and sold stuff that was actually designed for sports?  I miss those days.  This place has all kinds of nonfunctional Puma jeans, bags, and hats, but very little in the way of products actually intended for use in sports.  Despite the fact that Puma still makes such things, this store focuses completely on the  fashion "sport style" market.  Before I moved to the area, I wasn't quite so aware of these "flagship" sporting shoe companies, but NYC has them all:  Niketown, the New Balance store, the Adidas store, the Reebok store, and the Puma store.  Apparently, I am not up on my MBA lingo, because these are not called "flagship" stores.  They are called "concept" stores.  According to an article I found, this particular Puma store's concept is to make you feel like you're inside a shipping container.???And why would I want to feel like I'm inside a shipping container?  Is this so customers can feel empathy for the mass-produced Chinese-made goods they're buying?  While I disliked this store, it still offends me less than Niketown, so I guess I have to give it one star more, thus the overly generous three stars instead of two.  I still long for the old days when companies made a product first, THEN worked on the branding and marketing, and not the other way around.
<review# 444,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2007,5/26/2007,248,561,9,8,22>I love Times Square.  I cannot tell a lie, I find some kind of Zen happiness while walking through Times Square, especially when I'm down in the subway station.I think this love comes from being in the epicenter of Manhattan.  I'm not going to say that the tourists don't get on my nerves, but I feel like this is where I can use my crowd dodging acumen (and what New Yorker doesn't pride themselves in that?).But my favorite thing is getting off of a train and walking through the central area of the station during rush hour and not bumping into anyone.  I don't think New Yorkers really bump into each other unless there are extenuating circumstances, so even though the Times Square station is packed with moving bodies, they manage to avoid each other in an elaborate, bizarrely-distant-yet-incredibly-aware dance of movement.I love it.
<review# 445,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2007,5/25/2007,37,48,28,22,20>Nestled between the banal grayness of east 25th street there is a red door painted with gold olde English lettering, beckoning the weary, broke traveler to his/ her temporary home.  From the outside, you would expect a dumpy, mildew-ridden hostel, but upon opening the door you will feel as though you have entered a WS Burroughs-esque dreamworld induced by LSD and a magic mushroom omelet.The people who work here make you feel less cool than a bar in Billyburg.  I am convinced they have the greatest job in the world.  They sit in Wonderland and come up with rock songs on guitars they schlepped over from their loft in a neighborhood in Brooklyn that has not become conventionally cool yet.  That's how cool they are.  They are on the EDGE.  Plus they're hot.But on to the real catcher:  each room is a take on the theme of the floor, ranging from some sort of safari, outer space, Ancient Egypt, and hallucinogenic drugs.  My friend stayed on the safari floor.  His room contained a 10x10 mural of pandas.These pandas were boning.A cigar-smoking donkey watched from the other wall.  If I haven't convinced you to check it out yet then I am a complete failure.
<review# 446,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/13/2007,5/24/2007,193,768,24,21,20>Let's just get straight to the point: if you weigh less than 90 pounds, and have a pencil stick for a figure then H&M is the perfect place for you to shop. Yes, the clothes all look great and the prices are very, very reasonable. But the clothes tend to be sized smaller than they are labeled. So if you get a Medium at H&M, in reality its more like a Small. I don't like how the clothes fit me here. Of course, if i lost between 10-200 pounds then that problem would be solved.Looking for women's clothing is a bit easier, thank goodness. Lots of great clothing to choose from, and the saleswomen are more than happy to help me. Believe me, I'm more than happy to be helped by them because they're really cute. So this was my 1st H&M review. I believe I have 3 more to go.
<review# 447,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2007,5/23/2007,321,290,11,14,13>Who knew you could have delicious, affordable, sit down meals for under 10 bucks anymore? "Not I," said the yelper ... "Not I"And seeing as how I haven't had a five star review in awhile, I don't want to spoil it with any non-essentials. I never would have known about Casa Mon Amour had it not been for Yelp Game Night 3. But tucked away in delightful Greenpoint is this gem of an establishment. I had a tuna sandwich with homemade salsa on each bite and a plate of sweet plantains on the side. You can't see me right now but my mouth is watering. I could've just had plantains and been perfectly satisfied. Beatrice, the owner, is stellar in her customer service and ability to run a restaurant with finesse and flair but still join in for a couple rounds of Taboo if you're up for it.I'm a stickler for nice bathrooms and the Ladies is pristine. I also enjoy comfort so imagine my satisfaction to be cushed between fabulously luxurious pillows as I Tabooed my life away.Bottom Line: You must go here. That is all.
<review# 448,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2007,5/22/2007,75,89,5,22,16>An Ode to West Harlem Pizza...Just wanted to expand on Lindsay's review. The reason there's no listing for this place is because it's not listed under Paul's Pizza but under the name of the Greek owner. I just made the update to Yelp.History lesson! This pizzeria has been around for 32 years. It's original location used to be the northeast corner of 138th St and Broadway where McDonald's now stands. This place used to be the epicenter of Pizza in West Harlem back in the day. The setup they had is not much different than what you'll find now. It was a long counter from one end of the place to the other and tables with small, revolving stools. What was so cool is that ALL the CCNY students would end up eating here as it was on the way to the train station. It was an awesome corner to people watch. My 'buelita used to take me here to eat almost everyday (God, today has become all about my grandma). It's been owned by the same Greek family for all those years. By extension they became honorary Dominicans (their spanish is ridiculously on point). This was the type of place where you'd have those diner "characters". There was the harmless, but crazy old greek guy that would sit in the corner drinking coffee all day and talkng to himself. Yet he would mop the store down at the end of the day. You had the old-school Dominican drug capos that wore nothing but Pierre Cardin shoes, Oscar de la Renta slacks, and guayabera shirts with the obligatory Old Spice smell emanating from them. You also had new dominican arrivals being introduced to their first slice of new york pizza. About 12 years ago there was a massive fire that destroyed most of the building. The place closed down and in about a year opened up at the current location. Same folks.This is by far the best pizza I have ever tasted in New York. It's no-frills here. I mean they even have the same stools from the 80's. Very barebones. But the family that owns it are the best. Case in point. The other day my brother & I got the craving and walked over. We wanted a fresh tomatoe pizza. Just so happens that's not on the menu. But the lady said, "Get some tomatoes from the store and I'll them on for you." I went to the bodega next door and bought two big tomatoes. She sliced em' and diced em' and put em on the pizza. I have never tasted such a juicy and satisfying pizza, and I've been buying from them since I was 5.Only thing that sucks...no delivery. I have always moaned about it to them. They don't seem to be budging anytime soon.lol. The good pizza compensates for it. (I still gave them 5 stars!)
<review# 449,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2007,5/21/2007,139,311,14,14,16>Awesome atmosphere upstairs (bookshelves and bocce ball!) and really great place to see shows downstairs. It's kind of like visiting some really eccentric rich old person's house... a really eccentric rich old person who likes bocce ball, books, alcohol and music. Damn, I wish this person existed...
<review# 450,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2007,5/19/2007,171,97,20,10,9>I've come here after seeing movies in the East Village for a pint of Guinness. I've had the break up conversation here over a pint of Guinness. I've nursed my new year's hangover here with a pint of Guinness. I've made out with my secret boyfriend here after too much Guinness...Lesson: Guinness is good for you. And so is St. Dymphna's.
<review# 451,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2012,4/12/2012,513,164,5,14,13>It's the nondescript from-the-outside places that wow you the most, I tell you! I came here this weekend for my birthday dinner. It could be very easy to pass right on by and only notice a few people sitting in the window with their wicker ensconced candle-light. We arrived and were shown to a high scrubbed-pine table. Soft, rhythmic,  South African tunes pulsated through the speakers and the vibe was sort of cellar-chic. It seats only about 30 plus a few chairs at the bar and that's just perfect, because I love the cozy, intense vibe.Our server/sommelier was knowledgeable and explained to us the regions and methods of all the SA wine were sampling. Once I tried the SA white Chenin Blanc there was no going back. It was like liquid heaven. I had seconds....okay, thirds. Let's talk appetizers! Ostrich sliders with apricot compote! Deliciously light and sweet! They also have chicken and elk. In addition, I had the 'Spear and Shield' which were bacon-wrapped seared asparagus spears over portabella with a delicious peppercorn sauce. Simple, yet amazingly satisfying. Most of us settled on the bunnychow - it sounded so delicious. The bison meatballs were tempting but the garam masala chicken sounded wonderful. It came in a breadbowl. It was piping hot with deliciousness and while it was super-spiced, it was at the exact right level. Served with sides of chakalaka and a cooling yogurt sauce that was complementing respite.Save room for the malva poeding!  One of (if not the) best desserts I have ever tried. Warm, soft, sweet sticky-cake with soft hints of apricot. All in all, a wonderful restaurant that surprisingly won't break your bank for the incredible culinary achievements. Mark this as a "must-go-to" on the UES.
<review# 452,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2012,4/11/2012,1368,622,22,18,20>I love Death. Well, not literally that is, but I could turn into a thanatophile just for Death + Company.I finally came back to Death + Company  following a brief rendezvous over the summer after the infamous Yelp Ice Cream Crawl. During that visit, I did not drink and barely ate anything as I was stuffed with a 1,000 calories worth of dairy products. Boy did I make up for that mistake with this week's indulgence of drinks and dinner! Now I feel like I can give it the proper review it deserves.So in all honesty, I had scheduled to go to Milk&Honey that night with friends but they had to cancel due to unforeseen circumstances. Determined to go out and show off my new dress that I had just bought the day before, I called on a backup buddy. We decided to head somewhere were we could eat and drink and have a catchup conversation. I was very adamant about going to a speakeasy so Death + Company seemed perfect as I was reminded by a fellow Yelper how amazing the bites are here.When you first arrive at Death + Co., you should be greeted by a man outside donning an outfit that gives a nod to the old styles. Suspenders, fitted trousers, button down shirt, homburg hat- something of that nature. He'll ask you how many is in your party and alert you to a wait time if there's any. (Note: One time I stopped by on a Saturday night around 8 o'clock and I was informed that the wait time would be 3 hours... yikes!) This time around, the bar had not yet gotten completely full so he guided me into the dark lit room to a booth on my right. There I waited for my company to show up as I pored over the menu in the flickering candlelight. While waiting, I looked upon the room from my corner and watched the bartenders hastily at work shaking and mixing drinks as orders came in from thirsty patrons in front of him. I was amused by how inbetween his arm workouts the bartender within my line of sight was happily conversing with those at the bar. I love down to earth bartenders. Major points.After a few minutes of waiting, I decided to go ahead and order a drink. There are so many drink options to choose from from the menu that making a final selection can be quite difficult. I chose to have the "Death from Above" as it was a rum based drink. I could not tell you now even with a gun to my head what the other ingredients were as the words were pretty much all alien to me. Shortly thereafter I received my Death from Above from the waitress. I took one sip and hello I'm drunk! Drinks here are definitely on the pricier end but you have to remember two things. 1. This is a speakeasy, not your normal bar. and 2. They are freaking strong as in can start a car strong. Unless you're looking to get plastered or acquire a DUI, I wouldn't have more than one of these bad boys within an hour. Sip, don't glug.My friend arrived and quickly ordered her signature Manhattan straight up to catch up with me. I'm not a huge fan of Manhattans but she said hers was very well made. I'll take her word for it. After debating on what to pick from the bites menu (I would have ordered everything if I could afford it), we picked a solid compilation of choices. Now unfortunately for me, this friend of mine doesn't eat mammals so the filet mignon, crispy pork belly and lamb chops would sadly have to wait until my next visit. That certainly won't be a problem though as I am anxiously figuring out now on when to return.Our selections for the evening:-Beet Salad (baby beets and candied ginger slivers mixed with sliced almonds and goat cheese): Great melange of textures and flavors. I adore a good beet salad. So simple yet so delicious.-Truffle Macaroni ( aged cheddar and truffle bread crumbs): The presentation of the mac and cheese was/is brilliant! It is brought out to you in individual serving spoons on a platter! So perfect for a group. The macaroni was superb -creamy and the breadcrumbs gave it that extra little oomph with texture. -Crab cakes (crab cakes served with balsamic vinegar reduction sauce): Our least favorite of the night but still ok. I didn't like the accompanying salsa- it didn't compliment the sweetness of the balsamic vinegar reduction which was heavenly.-Tuna tartar (with crushed avocado and homemade kettle chips): Mmm fabulous tuna tartar. Definitely recommend it.-Lobster Brioche Rolls (with crunchy jicama, apple, and fennel slaw): Interesting spices but yummy with big pieces of lobster meat. Overall, great service, food and drinks. Our waters were constantly refilled and our waitress made sure we were satisfied throughout our tenure.  I can't wait to return to Death + Co. to try more of their amazing liquid concoctions and attack the mammals on the bites menu. Death is calling me.Also, I'm just throwing this out there. These next 17 words are for the cute guy working the front door Monday night in the pink shirt: if you're straight and single, I was the brunette in the leopard print dress that evening. Rawr.
<review# 453,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2011,4/10/2012,169,219,7,12,12>Forcella how I love you! I want to take a moment and thank Forcella for their delicious pizza and for always being consistent with the quality of their food. I am a big fan of the Williamsburg location and now that there's one on the Bowery I can visit them more often! Now let us talk about the new location... one word: BEAUTIFUL! The decor is absolutely stunning, chandeliers, walls, writings on the wall, pictures, oven, chairs... everything impressed me and believe me I am not easy to impress. If I like something it must look and be that good !The appetizers are extremely good my faves were the zucchini blossoms, rice balls, and a salad with berries and ricotta salata. Now the main reason I love this gem of a restaurant is the PIZZA! This is hands down the best pizza I ever had. The vomero is so flavorful and you just don't want it to end.  The truffle oil pizza with arugula will always be my favorite ( the smell alone makes me crazy). The montanara what can I say besides thank you for coming into my life and making it that much better. Now if you think this little piggy didn't leave room for dessert you are wrong, I always have room for sweets. The nutella pizza and little fried dough topped with nutella are absolutely mouthwatering mmmmmmm thinking about it makes me hungry. So yes I recommend for you to check out Forcella because everything is great here from the service to the decor to the food!
<review# 454,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2012,4/9/2012,1513,3350,5,13,9>The mother of all bagels, period.Kettle boiled, baked on premises, served hot with toppings of one's choice in Alphabet City all the more for five stars.  Oh, so good!  Don't let the long-haul eternal line intimidate your desire for breakfast or a simple afternoon brunch for a kiss off.  There's always a line at Tompkins Square Bagels irregardless time of day, but it moves moderately.  As patrons wait on line your order is placed and delivered to the visible kitchen, thus by the time you reached the cashier it's awaiting for your presence by first name basis.  Space is very cramped between the line and the limited seating area.  For one measly onion bagel sandwich consisting of ham and cheese (no drink) totals a whooping utter $6.45.  Toppings galore may be pleasurable to the stomach and eye but it is not a pleasure to my lack thereof profound budget.  Toppings galore-literally, Nutella chocolate, avocado, favored cream cheese, etc.  Amid, the high utter price I would surely return for Challah French Toast or a garlic bagel with Monterey Jack cheese... Yum.  Their cream cheese is also made on premises.  Gluten free bagels are also available.Tompkins Square Bagels is a local Mom and Pop store for the community, which they utilize local artists for the decor and local vendors.  Customer service is efficient and professionally courteous with a genuine smile who are sprightly eager to serve patrons.N.B. Cash only as Tompkins Square Bagels do NOT accept plastic in any genre.
<review# 455,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2011,4/8/2012,85,149,5,5,7>A jewel box of a bookstore.  I find favorites from my childhood and excellent new books each time I drop in.  I guess the only downside affects my nieces and nephews. The awesome collection of children's books has turned me into the aunt who gives books for Christmas, birthdays, even Valentine's Day.
<review# 456,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2011,4/7/2012,102,403,4,7,5>You know it's a good sign when you haven't even gotten through the hors d'oeuvres and you feel like you've already had the best meal of your life.Seriously, they need to serve a straw with every dish so that you can suck up every morsel and drop of sauce from every possible nook and cranny.  The flavour combinations were so nuanced and poignant that I cannot stop thinking about them.  Sea urchin cappuccino with green apple and crab? Outstanding.  The show-stopping flavours were also littered with a prevailing sense of well coordinated playfulness.  Their take on the "clam bake" was part performance as hot water was poured over hot stones and seaweed, releasing the aroma of the sea as you enjoy a delightful series of preparations of clams and lobster.  However, it was really the deceptively smooth clam chowder that warmed inconspicuously on the hot stones that reminded us that the most simple thing can often be the most delicious.Another highlight was the guinea fowl, which was hands-down one of the most tender preparations I have ever experienced.  Sous-vide'd and then roasted, each bite of butter-soft fowl made me almost forget that there was a superbly piece of seared foie waiting on the side.But speaking of foie - the foie terrine was breathtaking.  The intense creaminess of the terrine was balanced beautifully by the sweet and crunch of the surrounding crisp:  I swear, I thought I almost shed a tear with each bite I took, realizing that it was only bringing me closer to the end of that dish.But these are just a few of the highlights of the tasting menu, which was still full of other amazing dishes such as lobster lasagna, potato gnocchi, and goat cheese and beet lollipops, just to name a few.  The entire tasting menu was so beautifully crafted, I don't see how I could come back and not want to do it all over again.What I would also be remiss if I failed to mention was also the amazing wine pairings.  Not only were we served the most amazing wines, but I loved how they also brought into play a great Belgian beer, the smoothest sake I have ever experienced, and an uber-lush glass of madeira wine.  And every single pairing?  Fantastic.What more can I say?  The one thought that did come to mind was "how does this compare to Per Se?"  One one hand, the presentations and portions did not feel as "grand" as Per Se, and you do not get completely flooded with as many sweets and chocolates at the end of the meal.  But I felt that the flavours and execution were absolutely on par, the service was just as spectacular, and there were certainly moments of brilliance in their food when I thought they convincingly out shone their more expensive counter part.But I do not want to take away from EMP with comparisons.  It is an absolutely outstanding restaurant, a dining experience that you will not easily forget and will want to re-live soon, and soon again.  And yes, I'm pretty stoked that EMP got to be my 200th review!
<review# 457,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2012,4/6/2012,349,349,20,26,23>The quiet stretch of 36th Street that houses Toledo is a far cry from its namesake city on the banks of the Tagus, but the restaurant certainly deserves all the praise and accolades for being a worthy setting for fine dining when one is trapped in this relatively quieter but still characterless part of midtown.Start with a plate of manchego, and then try the black bean soup with confidence.  Let the plush setting and the attentive wait staff make you feel more important than you are and you look.  But before visions of grandeur begin to take over, finish that plate of paella--every kind is well executed.  When the dessert cart comes along, ask for the tartufo--it is an amazing complement to the food.If only Toledo could graduate from a street to an avenue, it would likely have more traffic.  But it seems to be doing just fine in its present location.  And couldn't do a better job of serving "the classic cuisine of Spain".  Bravo!
<review# 458,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2011,4/5/2012,119,31,6,15,10>I usually get my banh mi (not bahn mi) fix at Saigon. The Chinatown joint is good but they are nothing compared to Xe May. Since I have always love pork on my sandwiches, I had to try the "Super Cub Classic." It is the first listed item on their sandwiches menu and is made up of barbecued pork, pork roll, headcheese and pate with daikon radish, pickled carrot, cucumber, fresh cilantro, spicy mayonnaise, jalapeno, black pepper and optional sriracha.The meats were moist and incredibly tasty. The fact that it was not too greasy made it even better. It was different from the traditional meat and I liked how they were thinly sliced and encased by the perfectly toasted baguette. I love the crunchiness of the fresh bread because it was really savory, and yet it wasn't too hard to scrape the top of my mouth. Believe it or not, the crumbs flew out of my mouth during each bite. I actually felt sorry for the people that had to clean up my mess.Even though the sandwiches are a good size and adequate enough to fulfill a lunch or dinner appetite, I would love to see a higher meat-to-bread ratio in the future. Must try the whole wheat baguette as well (which was sold out during my visit). Can't get enough of meat and fiber!With all due respect to the traditional banh mi, the best sandwiches these days are the ones with a variety of creative flavors. You can find them here. For those of you who love new-style banh mi sandwiches, this is the place to be.Xe May deserves 5-stars for the great food at the right price with awesome service. I would definitely come back to try the tacos, salads, sides and the exotic drinks. And of course, the yummy sammies!
<review# 459,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2012,4/4/2012,545,1338,45,35,32>If you see me waddling, it's because I was impregnated by David Burke Kitchen. I call it immaculate fatception. I'm patting my food baby right now. Oh dear buttermilk fried chicken, I love you even more now than when I first heard you were on the menu.It happens. I was lured by Restaurant Week. Then I heard that the specials of the day were all part of the plan for me to give in. A glass of Chardonnay was placed in front of me. Upon first sip, cold and crisp with a fruity finish, I fell into the downtown beat. David Burke Kitchen has sort of a rustic farm house swagger. I surrendered to the food party.We sat in close quarters in a snug two top corner table. A basket of bread (Pretz sticks included) and miniature carrots were placed upon us. The butter, seasoned, was housed in a jar. Throughout the night, I came to learn that David Burke Kitchen loves jars. Our waitress, rambunctious (did she really just yell out *BAM* when they placed down the pork chop?!), was excellent in the art of making us salivate over food. Really, everything sounded good, and I believe you cannot order wrong at David Burke Kitchen. The dishes are huge, the appetizers alone could make for an entrée. Fear not, all three courses are included in Restaurant Week. It's as if they were giving away the food for free. I'm excited to return. Next time, I can eat for two - me and this food baby!Our meal consisted of:Appetizers-The Angry Octopus (This is a trip to Spain with chorizo, white beans, lemon juice, and the most tender octopus ever.)-Mushroom and Onion Tart (The star of this dish was the bacon wrapped egg. It was slightly runny and provided a nice sauce to the tart. Beautiful and picture worthy!)-Smoked Pastrami Salmon (This was impressive and tasted better than it sounded. Beer foam? Pretzel toast? Get it.)Entrée-Buttermilk Fried Chicken (Juicy chicken in a cast iron pan. Buttermilk biscuits. Cheesy grits. GRAVY!)-Pork Chop with mango chutney and parsley onion rings (We dubbed this the man pork chop. It was large and in charge. I liked the bright green onion rings. Everything complimented each other on this dish. Win.)-Short Rib and Cavatelli (I loved the cavatelli. It had a great texture and a mushroom rich sauce. The short rib? I didn't care for it so much. It was dry.)Dessert-Butterscotch Panna Cotta (This was amaaaaazing!!! Not your ordinary plain Jane panna cotta. This was custardy and modern. I loved that it was served in a Mason jar. I loved the meringue sticks. The butterscotch is at the bottom. This was like a parfait of panna cotta.-Plate of cookies. David Burke Kitchen gives Mrs. Fields and Nutter Butter a run for their money.)-Chocolate Cream Cheese Bar with hazelnut whipped cream (Extremely good. It was beautiful too but gone in a blink of an eye. My friend ate it so fast I swear she inhaled it.)I would gladly do this dinner over in a heartbeat. So this is what I've been missing out on in the last 10 years... I think I made up for lost time at David Burke Kitchen. And for the record, no I am not preggo. I'm just fat from dinner.
<review# 460,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2012,4/3/2012,226,636,11,7,11>In the 2 years my girlfriend and I have been dating, she's mentioned a handful of times how we should grab dinner here. This coming from a person whose last meal would consist of steamers, raw oysters and a quality brew. Finally, we got reservations this past weekend. I always thought "Gimmicky name, on the UES side? Ehhh probably a forgettable dinner when it's all said and done". Well, I was wrong, like I usually am.So we were seated on a busy Saturday night right in the middle portion of the restaurant. I was facing a mural of a beach scene with a few fisherman and in mural, these two fisherman were speaking to me the entire night. We start off with some raw Rhode Island oysters. After slurping them all up and feeling a seafood buzz coming on (apparently), I could of sworn these two fisherman said "Great choice" and "We just picked those today". Without a doubt some of the freshest oysters I've had in NYC. Later, I go with the mussels with the Maine broth, which consisted of lobster, smoked bacon, chowder and parsley. If you were like me and it's your first time, just do yourself a favor and get this variety. Yes, they have a whole page of different varieties, but I think this one is the way I mussel broth should taste, plus once you polish of the actual mussels, you can dig out the chunks of bacon and lobster and munch on those. So two beers deep and half way through, I could of sworn these two fishermen winked at me, nodded and one whispered "Delicious, aint' it!?". Also, be a boss and get the truffle fries. If you get the standard fries, you deserve a good smack. Ahhhh. The grand finale, the donuts. First off, time to throw that New Years resolution out the window. These donuts are the truth. Even if you don't have a 'sweet tooth', you WILL like these so just order some. I split 4 with my girlfriend. All were warm, sweet and outrageously delicious. If you're like me and prefer sweets over fruit flavors, go with the fluffernutter and salted caramel. Huge props to the Georgia peach flavored one too.Other notes:-Legit beer list-Attentive service, even on a busy night-Reasonable prices for amazing seafoodTime to ditch that Friday or Saturday date with that person you're probably not even gonna score with and make reservations here for dinner and do yourself right. Ah, reservations. A definite must on the weekend, unless you like being nut-to-butt with 50 other folks. Oh yeah, if you get a glimpse of those two fishermen in the mural, tell them I say wattup.
<review# 461,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/26/2010,2/28/2010,343,317,25,34,32>Is there enough room in town for another Jewish deli? Hell yes! Especially if it's pumping out Montreal smoked meat as its raison d'etre. NO, Montreal smoked meat is not another moniker for some Quebecois skin flick*, rather it's a method for curing meat similar to pastrami. Both are food products consisting of briskets slathered in a selection of spices which infuse the meat during its curing and smoking stages. The end result of both methods differs slightly, though for me MSM has always been the smokier, more flavorful of the two. Montreal smoked meat has always found a way into my heart be it my grandma throwing chunks of Lester's smoked cuts into her congee or regular stops at Schwartz's, Dunn's and Caplansky's over the years. So when I heard that Mile End was bringing MSM onto the NYC deli scene, I vowed to make a visit as soon as it opened. Rushing down Hoyt street yesterday in the rain, I arrived to a bustling crowd inside the modernist deli decorated with reclaimed bowling lane lumber and black bar stools. One customer is wearing a Boom Boom Geoffrion jersey.A kitchen aide is wearing a Quebec Nordiques t-shirt.The washroom features vintage photos of Les Glorieux from the 40's and 50's.....I am in heaven already without taking a bite! I take a smoked meat sandwich, a regular poutine and a black cherry cola. The sandwich is small to begin with and for $8 you think they could throw in a pickle on the side. However, the texture is on point. It is hand carved as tradition dictates and it is deliciously tender and juicy.  There is a sufficient amount of spice and smoke present in the meat but it might have benefited from a longer curing period as it was lacking a certain punchy bite. Another visit produces a sandwich that ressembles sawdust in texture. Since the production of Montreal Smoked Meat is a tricky art, I'm convinced that Mile End's version is a work in progress that will continue to evolve for the better. I'm also with Jeremy S. in longing for a spicier mustard. The house whole grain mustard gives a nice crunch but is a little sweet for the meat.Now the poutine ($8) was a gut-buster in its own right but lacked enough hot gravy to produce the requisite synergy between curds and sauce that a fantastic poutine deserves. While the gravy was creamy and flavorful, it was not hot enough to allow the curds to melt even if ever so slightly. More hot gravy please. The fries by themselves were good-hot, crispy and hand-cut. But I'm kvetching too much. This place has been open for all of what, five minutes and there is enough enthusiasm and dedication in the kitchen staff to improve upon the missteps. They also have montreal bagels in the style of the famed St. Viateur's. Chewy and sweet, these babies will  surely satiate my cravings instead of New York's puffy abominations. *-attributed to a patron of Katz's in a Cdn newspaper article when asked about MSM, wiseguy eh?
<review# 462,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/24/2009,2/27/2010,349,349,20,30,26>The French can get away with doing a little bit of 'this' and 'that', having centuries of reputation to precede them.  Along those lines, Ceci-Cela is simply a little storefront to complement the wholesale business of Chef Dupal, in probably the same way that Tiger's golfing is but the tip of the iceberg of his full range of activities.The charming store showcases a variety of products in a setting that is distinctly Parisian (I have that assessment coming from an expert in all things Parisian).  And everything seems miniature in appearance, including the store itself.  I have tried their croissants, brioches, cakes, flan, quiches and tarts, complemented by breakfast tea on most occasions.  I particularly like their apple tart and apricot danish.  The seating area in the back is delightfully quaint, and a great place to hide from the throngs of European tourists and aggressive outer borough shoppers."Stereotypes ... they are statistically justified", I remember a friend of mine telling me years ago.  But Ceci-Cela and its generally local mix of patrons defy the profile of the typical Soho establishment.  Only the liberal sprinkling of French in the menu betrays Ceci-Cela's Soho presence, beyond its French descent.
<review# 463,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2009,2/25/2010,203,182,17,20,23>Ever since I saw Oldboy, I've been curious what it would be like stuffing a live octopus in my mouth -- is it as terrifying as it looks in the movie?video.google.com/videopl…But that curiosity was largely forgotten until I sat down at Sik Gaek and took a good look at the menu. When I saw "live octopus," I knew we had to try it, regardless of market price ($20). It's not exactly like that terrifying scene in the film, because here they serve it neatly chopped and squirming on a bed of lettuce with sliced jalapeno and garlic atop as garnish, with a spicy dipping sauce and another of sesame oil & salt. Still, the sight of the plate is arresting.It tastes as fresh as you'd imagine a wriggling octopus to be, and extremely chewy. It also feels like you've just eaten something that would make you invincible for a while in a video game...a strangely potent food.Before going invincible, we had eaten the standard starter here, three eggs fried in a small oily pan at your table stove, which your waiter starts cooking the minute you sit down. While we ate this he also brought us four enormous raw clams, juicy and delicious. After that a seafood pancake, I believe the best I've ever had, exploding with the fresh flavors of different seafood and vegetables.We followed that with the huge seafood stew. Get the spicy one, with a bubbling red broth, stacked high with lobster, crabs, clams and mussels. Inside, if you dig deep, you'll find bean sprouts, noodles, calamari, bits of fish, rice rolls, and some exciting additions like fish ovaries and seasquirts. It's safe to say I'm not a fan of the last two, but try them at least.We drank a bottle of Cham Isul during the meal, and afterward one of the waiters brought us a lovely cold cucumber drink, a sort of agua fresca Korean style. I haven't mentioned the service, but the waitstaff here are the kindest you could wish for -- everyone was courteous, smiling and eager to explain what the stranger ingredients were in the stew. And for those reviewers who say the staff speaks only limited English, any Korean who knows "seasquirt" could be teaching the language in my opinion.Another reason I'd bump this up to six stars if I could -- when we first arrived to the packed restaurant, someone (possibly the owner) brought a plate of freshly fried calamari for everyone in the waiting area to snack on. It really doesn't get any better than this for Korean home cooking! All of this for $30 a person.
<review# 464,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2009,2/21/2010,405,569,52,25,36>How to meet a [smart] man in New York City.Bring your copy of Infinite Jest to Drop Off Service. Order a scotch and soda and sip it slowly. When a man approaches to ask about the size of the book, ignore him. Keep reading. When a second man offers to buy you a drink, politely decline. Go back to your book. When a third man in Woody Allen frames asks what you think about the postmodern use of footnotes, and if Junot Díaz used the conceit as effectively as DFW, use a napkin as a bookmark, invite him out for falafel in the park, and make plans to watch Fellini as soon as possible. Don't forget to tip the bartender.
<review# 465,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2009,2/20/2010,104,136,13,11,10>It's pretty lame that this place gets low ratings mainly because the drinks are so expensive. I paid the same amount for weaker drinks at other "exclusive" spots minus the good time.I will say this for the $20 you dish out for that cocktail The Eldridge delivers a Jihad in a glass to your liver. Just prepare to blank out, the second your lips touch that rim you might as well have fallen into a bottomless well of lunacy.The music is awesome and you can catch the owners Matt and Jason at the DJ booth bumping the serious  hip hop mix. The space is small but - they're not letting that many people in to begin with!I honestly love this place, but next time in preparation I'll stock up on Advil and Gatorade for the morning after.
<review# 466,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2010,2/19/2010,64,75,27,18,20>I have a coffee problem.. it started when I joined the corporate world and now whenever I'm bored at work, I might as well go grab another cup of coffee and write a Yelp review.. umm..One thing about it though, drinking 2-3 cups every morning results in me not being hungry until at least 2pm.  This is cool because people won't bother me from ~12-1:30 because they're eating, and then they don't bother me from 2-3 because I'm eating.. so that's like 3 hours a day I don't have to deal with bullshit, andddd I can check out normally busy places after their peek time.. like BonChon.So, I walked to BonChon with a gameplan.  I knew going into it they've been having issues getting the food out in a timely manner, but figured it was after peek lunch time so it might be fine; but if the situation looked bleek, I was going to walk right past, and hit up GoGo Curry, 'cause GoGo Curry is bangin, period.  It looked pretty much empty and upon entering, I was offered a sample wing. Bangin. I was going to roll the dice and stay.  I got the Medium Mixed Chicken with 2 Drumsticks & 6 Wings in Spicy Soy Garlic with fries, which ended up being a bit too much food because I didn't expect the drumsticks to be so big (that's what she said).  The wait lasted right until about the time I really wished I hadn't left my iPhone back at the office, maybe 10 minutes.I found myself excited for lunch in Midtown for the first time in a long time.  I walked back to the office, opened up the bag, and was pretty stoked to find 2 cups of Korean pickled daikons thrown in (one of my fave banchans) and even a fridge magnet clip with a bottle opener on the back: cute, and helpful for afterhours drinking at the office.  What followed was a massacre.  I destroyed that box of chicken.  The fries were killer, the chicken was off the chain, and the pickled radishes were a perfect complement.  I saved a wing for my friend who works next to me, he eats entirely too much fried chicken, he agreed the chicken was awesome, and that tomorrow he'll take a day off Chicken House and try BonChon for himself.Visiting BonChon is kinda like flying these days.. you're prolly going to end up waiting a bit more than you'd like, but once you get to where you're going, this fried chicken tastes like vacation. Bong Bong.
<review# 467,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2009,2/18/2010,315,518,40,33,26>Gramercy/Murray Hill/Kips Bay CHINESE TAKEOUT WinnerLast night I looked inside my freezer and saw veggie burgers and vegetables galore.  I decided to blame my next bad decision on my hangover and made a date with some Chinese takeout and some SNL.  My roommate suggested I call J East.  Since I'm kind of loyal to Mee Noodle, I thought twice about it but then decided out with the old and in with the new.Can we talk about the specials?  We're going to talk about the specials now.For like $8 you can get:- pork fried rice- an egg roll- Kung Po Chicken or whatever entree you'd likeIt's such a deal.  And the quality and quantity of Chinese delivery cannot be beat.  It's really enough for two people.  Or three meals for me.  It's so delicious that you'll want to eat all of it in one sitting, though, I swear.  But don't.  Try to have some control.  Although last night after watching Joseph Gordon-Levitt host SNL and realizing that he's probably 1,000% gay and therefore NOT my future husband, I was tempted to go all the way with my Chinese takeout.  But I saved some for today.  And I'm glad I did. Anyway, I actually picked up the phone and called my father after consuming all the leftovers today, because my experience was almost religious and felt he should know what my happy voice sounds like.Menupage it and make it happen.  They're not on Seamless Web.
<review# 468,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2009,2/17/2010,59,159,11,28,24>I like sushi but am not a sushi buff and have not been to Masa, Yasuda or some of the other "best" sushi places in Manhattan let alone Japan. But rarely have I ever had a dining experience like I did with the $50 omakase at Jewel Bako. The fish was fresh, the offerings were plentiful, and the omakase shattered a few preconceptions I had about eating sushi at a good Japanese restaurant:Preconception #1: You get the same service at the sushi bar that you do at a table. Wrong. Following the advice of other yelpers, we made sure to get seats at the sushi bar and it was so worth it. We watched head chef Yoshi carefully craft each piece of sushi for us. Unlike table service, he served us the sushi one piece at a time, which allowed us to savor each piece.  Yoshi provided us with a description of each fish we tasted, answered our questions, and provided us with an education that no menu could provide.   Preconception #2: Sushi is never filling and always leads to late night pizza. Before the meal, I even told my g/f to prepare to eat something after. Not with Bako's $50 omakase. We started with a silky green pea-flavored tofu amuse, then a miso soup, and had our first piece of sushi. 15 fresh, tasty, and interesting pieces later, a huge rice ball had formed and expanded in my stomach, and I could barely walk out.Preconception #3: Omakase at a sushi place means submitting to a merciless chef who doesn't care for what you like. Definitely not with Chef Yoshi.  Before he gave us our first piece, he asked us whether we had any favorites or if we had dislikes. I had no preferences but my g/f liked amberjack (kampachi). Over the next 15 pieces, Yoshi navigated us through a masterful progression of sushi that included two types of kampachi, amazing otoro and chutoro, uni, seared salmon, and a unique snapper/shiso leaf piece.  This omakase was the perfect balance of going out of our comfort zone but maintaining some control of our meal. Preconception #4: Sushi is not worth the price. Before I got the bill, I was convinced that the waitress thought we had gotten the $100 omakase. $50 is a lot of money but when you believe your meal is more expensive than what you paid for, that is what you call a deal. Where else can you have 15 fresh and eye-opening pieces of sushi, served piece by piece to you by a kind and caring chef. Where can you be introduced to more than 10 types of seafood, artfully prepared. Where can you have a conversation with your chef about the food you're about to eat, and learn more about sushi.
<review# 469,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2010,2/16/2010,400,317,23,28,26>It's a shame the front of Giano is so stark looking. If I were walking by, I wouldn't know that further back, there's a warm, brick-walled room with candles and feathery hanging lamps. And I wouldn't know there was a full and quite extensive menu, well beyond just interesting wines. I guess you have to walk in a little ways to see the heart of a place, and in this case it was worth it.I have to wax poetic about two things, in particular. First, the insalata invernale: warm potato, beets, string beans, and Brie in olive oil dressing. As I told Paolo, one of the co-owners and a delightful host, I could LIVE on this. Second, the panna cotta con fragole: panna cotta with fresh mint leaves throughout, sliced strawberries, and a wee bit o' chocolate cream. I was hesitant about the mint part at first, but I relented. And good god, I'm glad I did. My dining companion, L, said she'd never seen me consume a dessert with such relish. We tried more items than I care to admit, both from the traditional and modern sides of the menu, including three (yes, three -- don't hate) desserts *and* a cheese plate. Other hits were the crespelle, the gnudi, and the Pinotage. I liked the latter even more than the Frappato, which Paolo lovingly described as "liquid sex" (he meant "great sex," of course... which led to a discussion among the three of us whether "bad sex" is better than "no sex"... I said that of the two, I'd prefer no sex... but do give me the wine).All up, Giano is a little rough around the edges, but that's ok. A *little* rough never hurt... when it comes to restaurants, or...
<review# 470,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2009,2/15/2010,151,160,11,11,11>Wait, what? How can I not have reviewed this place yet? DBQ*, you have been in my heart for the last 7 years, and in my stomach for the last 10 hours. Whenever I am done eating here, I go into a food coma. I sit. Silently. Wishing I had room to finish (I never can). This is the true reason I have gained weight since moving to NYC.Rather than give you a legit review (as if there aren't enough here), I am going to offer something very special to you: Invite me with you, and I will tell you what to get. It's that simple. I know the secrets (not all the sauces are on the table) and I plan to keep it that way.The only thing that bothers me about this DBQ is their lack ofthe Mac Salad side that they have up in Syracuse. You hear me, Dino-People? Get on that!* Dinosaur Barbe-Que, to the uninitiated.
<review# 471,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/31/2012,2/8/2013,2947,2195,7,14,11>Oro is a friendly cafe that has coffee and food and wine and sake and beer and Wi-Fi.They've got several tables out front and back, but they're short on outlets[1], and I felt a bit violated paying $4.50 for freshly-squeezed orange juice. The OJ was rightfully delicious thankfully, and Oro scores major points for being open DURING A HURRICANE.I also listened to the most lovely of lovely Pandora stations ever - the "New Order" station.[1] Probably to discourage Internet squatters like me.
<review# 472,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2012,2/7/2013,157,490,13,18,17>After visiting FP Patisserie I was reminded of the famous last scene from the classic film noir, The Third Man, when Anna walks right past Holly Martins without the slightest acknowledgment of his existence:youtube.com/watch?v=UnrY…The moment  yelp.com/biz/payard-pâti…  has gone, Francois.  You cannot rekindle the fire after a series of thoughtless actions yelp.com/biz/françois-pa…    that might have made economic sense, but transformed forever the personal relationship your customers had with the patisserie.    Yes, I was back to try the pastries. And, yes, there is no doubt as to the artistry. But, it all seems mechanical now. Almost like painting by the numbers. Everyone who tried them at the office oohed and aahed as to how great they were. But, how frequently would they be willing to pay the $ 7.25 price tag per pastry? And, it's not simply the question of getting the price points wrong by at least 40%, I had to struggle to figure out any innovation in the intervening years - for the Verrines and the Italian almond cookie (which seems to have forgotten its earlier name, Chris) were introduced when you partnered with Mauboussin. To be fair, there are a few  new pastries (Decadence and Trianon being the highlights, along with the Orange Blossom Brioche that should be preferred to the ubiquitous, but heavier and more boring in texture: almond croissant), but to keep bringing people back you will need to do more. Even though I am not a fan, I will still give you 4 stars... it takes guts to take on a competitor head on. And, Eric Kayser definitely needs to cross the avenue and see for himself what a real pastry tastes like. Here's hoping your former customers stop, and don't simply walk past.
<review# 473,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2012,2/6/2013,359,355,4,10,8>Summary:  Great first date place given all the "stuff' going on.  Food is fresh.  Avoid the tables near the kitchen.  Make a reservation to sit at the bar. Four stars, only because it gets a bit too much Times Squares Tourist traffic.Atmosphere:  It's a little loud, but comfortable for conversation.  It's nice Japanese decor that looks $$$, but is priced a bit lower.  There are three seating areas.  A large bar away from the door is a bit better than you'd think.  The center area is ideal for large groups.  The bar is a bit more fun that you'd think.  I'd actually select the bar, where as with other places, this is a punishment for those who did not make a reservation.  This is with the exception of the seats that are closest to the kitchen.  It primarily gets the tourism off of MUJI and the non-locals in the district. The Service:  It's your typical Japanese wonderfully polite service.  They were slightly slow for us, as we did not have a reservation and were sitting in a corner.  I guess you don't put baby in a corner, because the waiter can't see her.  That said, I wouldn't dock them for this. The Staff works together and makes sure that your party isn't overlooked.The Food:  They have a  5 course prix fix/ omikase for $40+3 for the dessert. I had the variety sushi, which was nice.  The fish was fresh (I was there on Friday).  They have a Sunday 20% off sushi special. I'm curious enough to break my no Sunday/Monday Sushi rule.  Everything was pretty tastey, save the desserts.  It was a green tea and peanut buttery mochi.  If you need a little something sweet, it's ok for $3.  I would skip it though if you were full.Why for dates:  The staff performs a number of random ceremonies. There is one rice beating ceremony that occurs near the large tables.  There is another thank you speech  occurs in a very Japanese way at the sushi station.  They also pass the sushi via oars to those that sit at the sushi tables.  I like the whole concept of taking my food off of oars, even though you're essentially serving yourself.  There's enough craziness going on that if you run out of conversation during the date, the restaurant provides it.
<review# 474,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2012,2/5/2013,35,81,5,8,8>4.25 starsLook people, this is the BEST STEAKhouse! Go here and order just that, nothing more or you may be slightly disappointed. The filet mignon is the largest, most amazing steak I have ever had....and for a bargain price of $42 it was worth every red cent!! Warm olive and french breads was served to us first and what a great way to begin this feast. Both breads paired really well with the French onion soup. It was cheesy, full of onions and a nice taste of sherry at the end. When the main course came I though I died and went to heaven; a 16oz gigantic steak looking like a million bucks, just waiting to be devoured by a hungry little brown bear (me!) It cut like butter and inside was cooked to perfection; it literally melts in the mouth so chewing is optional but not required. We ordered the 3 for $24 side dish special to try a little bit of everything and this is where the disappoint lies. "truffled" Mac and cheese was almost an embarrassment to our table, it looked like Velveeta and there was nothing truffled about it. The Brussel sprouts were cooked with Canadian bacon and that smoked flavor was all I could taste. The mushrooms were really good but not hard to make at home if you wanted to. Next time I want to just order the Idaho potato purée and hopefully that changes my mind about the side dishes here. For desert we ordered a tiramisu. It was good but not the best I've ever had (@Johns on 12th) the waiter gave us some complimentary home made chocolate and vanilla "ice cream" thing wrapped in a fudge outside and a maraschino cherry on the inside. It too was good but I wouldn't order it unless I was craving ice cream which is rare. We must have had the best table inside the restaurant because I fell in love with the ambiance and the service was perfect too. The candle and red rose on the table is so romantic and pairs beautifully with the red velvet interior here. Guys, this date is sure to come with a happy ending ;)
<review# 475,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2012,2/4/2013,609,1319,2,6,7>Graffiti and Indian? The concept does not match but the food is amazing. I live on this block but have never made it here for dinner. Thanks to Hurricane Sandy, I managed to score a table for 4 on a week night without a hassle. It is such a hole in the wall place but it is worth it. We were seated right by the window and had not much elbow room so the seating is not very comfortable. Thankfully, I forgot all about the discomfort after food arrived. We ordered pretty much everything the waitress recommended. We started with their Green Mango Paneer and it has such an interesting flavor and texture that it really made an impression on us. I just really wish the dish is larger. The Zucchini Hummus Pizza is another great starter although it is not as unique as I think it to be. Their Braised Pork Bun with Apricot Chutney is excellent and has a sweet taste to it other than the typical tender pork juice. The Green Chilli Shrimp is refreshing and and the flavor is interestingly entertaining. We also tried all the desserts on the menu and I think the best is their Hazelnut Chocolate Chip Caviar. It is rich and creamy! The Strawberry and Pepper Ice Cream is not my favorite unfortunately. The dishes here are tapas style so you do need to order a good number of them to be satisfied. It is always fun to sample so many different dishes and try out various flavors and textures in one meal.
<review# 476,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2012,2/3/2013,200,106,5,7,8>This is my go-to Mexican spot in Chelsea. Yes, its obviously not upscale but don't let that stop you. This is a no nonsense joint. You come here for $4 kickin' margaritas and tons of greasy goodness. Add a $1 to make your margarita flavored. You will leave with a belly full of cheese and beans and your wallet still intact. I have not spent more than $20 at this establishment, but believe me, I have ordered quite a bit. My favorites? The usual suspects - quac. quesadillas, and nachos. Their chicken is questionable at best- I wouldn't recommend it. Believe me, you won't like what you see at first but give it a try.
<review# 477,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2012,2/2/2013,205,245,14,12,9>An interesting mix of crowds: raggedy ol' has-been beauty queens, full blown hipsters, rich bitches, douchey mcdouchersons, modelesque eye candy for both men and women...and those people who can't fit into any category, aka us.My friend works as a security guard at the Standard: hotel, grill, the club and the beer garden and has been asking me for a year now to come visit. So, I finally dragged my friend with me.This was during Fashion's Night Out, so it wasn't really that packed. Who wants to pay $8 a beer when they can get free glasses at participating stores nearby anyway, right? They only have three German beers on tap. I had the "The Vixen" and "The Matador" on the cocktail menu. SO SOOOOO GOOD! My friend had two beer tickets and got $8 worth of beer in huge mugs. She also had the BLT at the grill. The fries were soooo good. I think they may even be better than McD's fries. Shiiiiiiit. Since there is no bathrooms at the beer garden, you have to go through the Standard Grill that is connected, and downstairs. There will probably be a huge line though, cause from what I remember...there weren't many stalls. Oh, and while you wait...you can get your photo booth action on! (The machine accepts credit cards. Booya!)I loved/missed this scene. Can't wait to come back with a hoard of my friends!
<review# 478,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2012,2/1/2013,229,127,23,6,11>W,I still remember when I first met you. It was late spring, over a year ago, I had just moved onto your block. People were eating brunch outside on your front porch and I bumped into you in my gym shorts listening to my iPod. One of your friends made fun of your ungainliness. I thought you looked cute under your blue V-shaped umbrellas.  We started passing by each other on the street. You'd tip your glass at me, I'd wave back through my dry cleaning. You were always busy, really popular--all the girls flocked to you. Once, I mentioned a crafts project I was working on - a corkboard. You laughed at me and I felt silly. Later I found myself with two grocery bags of corks you had saved up from all of your parties.We went on a first date. I was nervous, and we were both tipsy. You made lamb chops and lemon potatoes and we finished a few bottles of wine. It was a warm night so we sat at the tables in your back terrace watching the people come and go (talking of Michelangelo).You called. We flirted. I played hard to get. Accidental run-ins were planned and I'd casually stop by for a drink. I made sure never to stay too late and you'd always walk me home around the corner. You raved about your fine selection of wines-by-the-glass, Bourdeax blends, and Volkan, the owner of your building, who effectively built the place himself. You were intriguing. I lingered. We spent the night in your wine cellar. At the start of summer you asked me to go steady with you. I wasn't sure if I was ready to be with someone who was such a fervent proponent of free-range chicken and grass-fed beef, but you were as sweet as your red velvet cupcakes and as quirky as your bacon beer. I was quite beside myself.   Wine:30, don't ever change. Keep chopping the hot peppers and I'll stir the shrimp on the stove.Love, N
<review# 479,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2012,1/31/2013,79,62,25,14,14>YEEEES. Nothing nails my spot so mercilessly as a perfectly crafted grilled cheese, so I could hardly believe my eyes when I read about this place. Tucked away in a little enclave within one of those concrete-outdoor-lobby-with-a-fountain-type areas that only Midtown attempts to pull off, you simply walk up to the counter, place your order, grab a table outside, wait for your name to be called out, and then slip into food-lovers-bliss. The menu is simply mouthwatering. I'm one of those dudes that loves to add weird shit to my sandwiches, and one amazing ingredient that I can't believe hasn't caught on yet is crunched up potato chips. Put them in your next PB&J and thank me later. I'm also a sucker for anything spicy, so when I studied the menu and landed on the 'The Dirty' - pepperjack cheese, caramelized onions, jalapenos, and crunchy potato chips - I had to try my hardest to keep my pants clean as I excitedly placed my order. I got it with tomato soup and a root beer - does it get better than that? HAYL no.The sandwich lived up to its billing and was absolutely bursting with flavor. Granted, it was greasier than a New Jersey-dude's-hair-on-a-Friday-night, but thankfully it tasted a little better than that. The tomato soup was spot on, and the tater tots with truffle mayo sauce were as delicious as they sound. I'll be back to try their fried chicken sandwich and tuna melt ASAP. Until then, I give this place more props than a high school play (I know, I'm hilarious). Keep doin yo thang, Melt Shop.
<review# 480,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2012,1/30/2013,106,375,10,16,14>No. 200 goes to Angel's Share!Angel's Share clearly does not need any more reviews, most people love it, including myself. So, I'll leave you with specific items.One - my only quibble - light pours:The cocktails are crafted very well, but the pours are light on the booze. Expectations of a stiffer, bigger pour might be a classic 'Murican idea, but for the prices charged, I don't think it's unreasonable to expect a decent pour.This is my only beef, everything else was excellent.Two - groups of four or less:Since most reviews say this, if you -don't- know this, you deserve to be shown the door. It's like walking in to Milk & Honey (which you shouldn't be able to, but that's M&H's fault), and not knowing (or feigning ignorance) that they have a reservations policy. C'mon, now. If you're really into a nice cocktail, do your homework a little.Three - quick seating (yes, really):My friend and I got there at 8:30 pm on a holiday Friday, and were seated right away at a four-person booth by the window. I would like to think that my reputation for general awesomeness preceded me, and that my stunning handsomeness sealed the deal - but we all know that reality is opposite that.So -despite- my awkwardness, we were -still- seated right away.We were told that we may have to move to the bar or a two-person spot later. Fine by me, you can fold me into the coat rack for all I care, so long as I can drink.So much to love about this seating arrangement - a four-person spot can be taken by two people if you just move the pair later, when a foursome needs the table. This way, the table is utilized, the pair is happy, and the foursome gets their table later. I can see this not working in a restaurant when seatings are for longer, but in a cocktail spot, it's a great tactic.Four - Daahoud:if you're a brown spirits drinker, get the Daahoud. The smoke-under-inverted-glass is not just a neat trick, it adds to the drink, and makes it unique. At first I was mildly annoyed that the bouquet of the spirit was replaced by the smoke, but once I got used to it, I felt like the smoke added to the cocktail. (see photo)Five - No Douchebags:This was surprising, considering my tendency towards being highly judgmental (in my head, of course - "eww, look at the dress on her", "wtf, take off your baseball cap, jackass"). Don't hate, you know you do it too. Everyone I saw was there to enjoy a nice cocktail, and not be showy or obnoxious. You know what they say - if you don't see any [fill in the blank] in a room, you're the guy. I hope that wasn't the case! Anyway, it was a nice crowd. It helps a LOT that they have a no-standing policy - more cocktail spots should do this. Employees Only allows standing, and so was packed to the gills when I went. Also had a really annoying crowd. Don't know if there's a connection there, but I bet there is ...Six - it's Japanese:When people say that it's a "Japanese speakeasy", don't be put off by ingredients like Japanese whiskey, sake, and yuzu. Some reviewers say "Sake, ick". Are you an idiot? The Japanese restaurant next door isn't an affectation!Sorry, I know this is long, but I have one more thing to add ... Seven - SPOILER ALERT - exactly where it is:Speakeasy-type spots are fun, but are no longer secrets. NYC will always have it secrets, and places that are meant to be secret will remain so. Angel's Share has 900+ reviews, so clearly the cat's out of the bag.When you enter Village Yokocho from the street, take the stairs up. Stairs bend around to the left. As soon as you reach the restaurant, Angel's Share is the unmarked door to your left. The door opens to the back wall of the bar - this makes sense, as the bar windows front the second floor of the building. I've seen a bunch of people talk about walking "all the way through / to the back of" the restaurant. Wrong. It might be funny to confuse the noobs, but that's annoying to the people trying to eat, and to the staff when they get asked -yet again- where Angel's Share is.So, open the unmarked door, walk in, and a friendly waiter will help you out.
<review# 481,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2009,2/14/2010,72,59,24,14,13>I found my caveman roots at 5 Napkin Burger. I mean, put four hungry shameless women at one table there's bound to be some type of carnal instinct to emerge. And of course we couldn't just have 10ozs of pure beef. Gotta have a few starters to wet the palette - all that cleaning and mending to the cave is hard work! So we ordered the fried pickles and the spinach/artichoke dip and they both vanished within about 4 minutes. What a wonderful surprise the pastrami was with the pickles, and placating our veggie friend (oh, the horror!) the dip with, dare I say, vegetables by way of endives was delectable - perfectly cheesy. My 5 Napkin Burger original arrived and the affect in my face turned to, "Go away. Don't talk to me. I'm eating."  *grunt, chew, grunt, elbow, slurp, grunt, (snap of the pant's button), grunt* Every delicious morsel devoured like a rabid wolf and proudly vanished before the other feral cavewomen's meals accompanying me. Bows of adornment and pride from them; I am the winning eater!Have you ever seen ravenous hyenas politely share a carcass? Exactly. Neither do 4 primitively mannered females at a table attacking one espresso brownie sundae. Oh yes. There is ALWAYS room for dessert. At one point we were drawing a crowd peering through the window, laughing at our passionate display of greed. *grunt elbows grab grunt shrieks grunt curse spoon fight grunt* Yeah, no need to go out and make the kill yourselves. 5 Napkin will serve up your meat cooked perfectly your way and deliver it right to you. Maybe this means I don't have to find a caveman partner of my own...
<review# 482,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2010,2/13/2010,236,311,14,19,17>Its has been a while since I first went to Stanton Social, the upstairs lounge specifically, to have a drink in a weekday after a fantastic dinner at Congee Village Bowery. We were 4 people in the table. The couple in front of us, lets say "Ari"  and "Suzie" ordered 2 drinks and the Grilled Pizzetta which I didn't try but that smelled delicious and it didn't produce other that a pleasant gesture on them. Suzie and Ari were trying to find out if we were having a second date, since they could detect high attraction and certain seduction game (Ari), or a third date (Suzie) since it looked to her that there was also a lot of confidence and complicity between us, a sign of more frequent encounters. "I think they have even been together for 1 month already" is what she said when we all were talking about it a bit later. Yes, I met Suzie and Ari that night at the table since they were seated there right after us .. and we socialize with them and we had a pleasant and funny conversation about gender differences and in fact a correspondence between each one ideas and gender; with me being agree with Suzie and my friend being agree with Ari. That you will be seated with others at the same table looks to be the regular behaviour at Stanton Social since it happen to me a few months later when I was back with a friend, a girl this time, to have again a drink since I liked the ones that I had that day back when I met Ari and Suzie . If you like this or not depends of different factors; you, your mood, who is your companion, how are the others (remember that you don't choose them.. they are imposed).  I have to say that I liked both times. Even the first one; it was really funny.  You can always stay in the bar area, tho; which it was my intention the second time but we couldn't get an spot.  The crowd at Stanton Social was in a range from middle twenties to late thirties; it was older during the week. It was always nice and is easy to socialize if you want. Either the hostess, which I never could find out her name, as well as Nikki, our waitress was extremely nice and professionals. Designed by AvroKo, the team that some of you already know I'm crazy about, you can't other than expect a beautiful space. Stanton Social is sexy, trendy, soft lights but not dark, more like glowing in gold, with botanical painted in the walls, and leather sofas. The tables can easily accommodate groups of 6 to 8 people. There is groups of female/male friends playing gender games. Its also a place to bring a date. The drinks menu offer from wines to cocktails that was always my selection. The combinations are interesting. Among the ones that I tried, I highly recommend the Pineapple 75 Martini and mostly the Basil-Lime Gimlet a mix of  Belvedere vodka, muddled basil leaves, lemon syrup and fresh lime juice. I also tried the Cranberry Flower and the Bea's Gin-Lemon Mojito. It wasn't as good but still I enjoyed it as well. Fresh ingredients/herbs is a characteristic in all the drinks. Said this and having clear that I enjoyed the ambiance, somehow I'm not very excited about the place. Its loud, the music wasn't very good, not bad either, and I didn't feel like socializing with the groups I saw. But it could be that particular night. Also, they are too generous with the ice in the drinks and so it gets cold and the flavor gets diluted soon which I really don't like. But still; if I'm in the area I'll definitely come back. And I'll order again the Basil-Lime Gimlet. I still remember the scents of the fresh basil. I also wanna try the food at the restaurant, downstairs. I took a look to the menu on line and I got really excited about it. French Onion Soup Dumplings... In between, Ari was right. It was a second one in fact.
<review# 483,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2009,2/12/2010,321,455,16,25,22>Moving for most people is a defining moment of mental and physical fortitude. Many choose to rent a truck, seek assistance from family and friends and use pizza and beer as currency. Hours later, some relationships are strained because of the long hours, inability to transport heavy items through narrow doorways and quick fatigue (many of us are out of shape). In previous moves, it was the bane of my existence, whether it was for moving a friend, a family member or myself. Time Out New York listed this vendor as the most efficient out of the 4 suggested NYC moving companies [newyork.timeout.com/arti…. I had their undivided attention.I called a handful of moving companies and did my comparison shopping. Although I got a few quotes (which were cheaper), I was sold by the estimator (Nick) would came on site to see everything (no obligation to accept the bid). This was to avoid any discrepancies on the final bill. We agreed to a flat rate plus and hourly rate for packing the kitchen.On the scheduled moving day, the guys came in a truck, scouted my apartment and went to work. My movers were Tim (foreman), Clive and Carlos.All Star Movers' tagline should be "we are the silent sherpas". These guys handled a 2 bedroom move... from a 2 floor walkup in the Bronx, moving to a 5 floor walkup in Manhattan. These dudes were serious when they carried my stuff up the 5 flights. Mind you, the only thing I could compare them to are the porters who run up and down Machu Picchu (Peru) with the tourist bags (ie 3x their body weight) on their backs. These guys were impressive.I was also impressed with the packing skills of the wardrobes boxes (I believe 25 boxes are included) and the kitchen. As my wife unpacked, she noted that the plates, cups, utensils, etc were securely packed and organized; this made it easier for us.One problem I will note was that I was told that to save money (man per hour and travel time) that I should get three guys in the Bronx. In Manhattan, if there were guys (on other jobs available) they would assist the Manhattan gratis to expedite the move. Unfortunately this did not happen. I almost felt bad for the movers, but these guys never complained one peep or grimaced (a lot of sweat, though). One of them would sing and the other two would make jokes. Lunch and drink breaks were kept to a minimum (this was by their choice, not by my orders). The movers wanted to finish the job as efficiently as possible. I know that if I were in an elevator building (or less stairs) the move would have been completed quickly (I have a lot of stuff).There was no damage on my furniture and other stuff upon final inspection so I am very happy with their service.I paid a premium for All Star Movers but overall they were an excellent choice. You get what what you paid for. I highly recommend and will summon them again, when it's time to move out. *groan*Thank you All Star Movers!IFHTP 1
<review# 484,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2009,2/11/2010,281,281,31,27,26>Me:  Hey sexy want to come hang out?XX:  Depends, what are you up to?Me:  I'm at Sing Sing Karaoke.XX:  Gross. Dude....I understand the reaction. The idea of hearing my favorite and not so favorite songs butchered by drunks was not appealing. I'm not twelve, I didn't need to jump around and play rock star and let's be honest....... I thought I was too damn cool for karaoke.... until I found myself belting out KISS & Bowie tunes with a big ass smile on face and realizing something real important..... THIS IS FUN.My experiences at Sing Sing have been very good. I've only done private rooms during the week so can't comment on the bar area or the scene on weekends. The sound system is pretty good, they have a wide ranging selection of (american) music and the staff was quick to refill drinks. Once we had a problem with the sound system and was given a comped pitcher of beer, so no qualms with service.The rooms can be a bit small, so go with people you don't mind being close to.  It's also easy to lose track of time and stay too long which can add up ($$). While it's not cheap, the good times had here are worth it.Being an adult is overrated. Release your inner rock star and check out Sing Sing.PS-- do NOT put in Joe Walsh's Life's Been Good. Your friends will not appreciate the 66 measure(!!) instrumental break.
<review# 485,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2009,2/10/2010,218,231,13,15,14>Finally a restaurant/winebar that understands that these establishments have become "commoditized" (I know it's a made up word), and the differentiating factor is the service. Sit at the bar on most evenings and introduce yourself to Jeff. He is extremely knowledgeable and one of the few people in this city I accept recommendations from blindly (especially considering his wine palate). He's outgoing and friendly without being invasive. Go to Aroma, and tell Jeff I sent you. Tell him your friends with "Little Pizza."
<review# 486,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2010,2/9/2010,235,330,17,19,19>Milkman, Milkman, where have you been? In Buttermilk Channel, up to my chin.I split my milk and I sploit my clothesAnd I got a long icicle hung from my nose.Came here with my parents the night of the BK Blizzard of '09 as I'll be calling it when I'm old - when we got there we were in snow up to our chins and just about had icicles hanging from our noses. Luckily, they had tasty cocktails and sweet potato croquettes to warm our little hands and hearts. Once we thawed, we had a great dinner at the bar, watching the snow fall through the steamed up windows. Fabulous.
<review# 487,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2009,2/8/2010,288,183,23,24,25>As an international man of mystery I am always on the hunt for new places to make contact with foreign operatives, plan a coup, eliminate rival men of mystery, drink in the afternoon, and carry on other shenanigans of a mysterious nature. I can now add Lillie's to my list of such places.Lillie's Victorian inspired decor transports you from Manhattans flatiron district to the gray, misty streets of 19th century Dublin in an instant. The perfect setting for espionage.Plush red velvet upholstered seating, perfect for enjoying gin and tonics, canoodling with sexy model types, or garroting a potential rival and not having to worry about covering up pesky blood stains.The marble topped bar, sleek and cold, a more than capable surface to rest your martini or to slip a roll of micro-film to a fellow agent.The large tables towards the back are the perfect location to enjoy their fabulous spinach dip or hand off a top secret dossier.The bartender on duty during my afternoon sojourn possessed just the right amount of attentiveness and mind your own business, it appears he can be trusted. Whether you're planning a secret rendezvous, executing a dastardly double cross, or you just want a gin and tonic and some spinach dip mid-afternoon Lillie's is up to the task.
<review# 488,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2009,2/7/2010,308,363,7,16,12>Not only do I love the taste of lobster, I love the process of dismantling one.  It just makes the meat taste that much better because you really had to work for it.  I am not shy about digging and picking at every possible crevice in the body.  I don't mind lobster in my hair or getting a lobster facial either.  If you don't splatter some lobster on your shirt, then it probably means you've missed some valuable meat somewhere.With that said, I have to thank Waterstone Grill for allowing me to indulge in this particular favorite pastime of mine...all for the low price of $19.95 for 1.5 lbs of Maine lobster!   And it really is a bargain considering how good the lobster is.  It even comes with shoestring fries.  Shoestring fries for a shoestring budget - gotta love it. Every Tuesday night they offer this special.  You know what else you get on Tuesday nights?  Half-priced bottles of wine from 4-9pm.  Add an order of lobster mashed potatoes (yes, with little chunks of lobster!) that are perfectly fluffy and buttery, and you're all set.  The four of us each had the lobster special, and split the wine and mashers.  The grand total, including tax & tip?  A mere $132, or $33 per person.  And we left a good tip!I'll say that the service was deserving of the tip, too.  Our waiter was diligent about replacing our discard bowls, and was friendly at the start.  He assured us all that the lobster special was very good, and obviously we weren't disappointed.Lastly, I have to thank Jen N. for putting together our little lobster night.  Without her, I would have missed out on this fantastic deal.  That was one terrific, meaty, sweet, and delicious lobster!  I'll definitely be back for more.
<review# 489,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2009,2/6/2010,168,363,28,24,25>Dammit.I wish I never walked in here. No, this isn't a negative review...but I think I can now say who is responsible for any extra weight I may gain from going here.*I was coming back from a shopping excursion at a local grocery store when I thought to myself, "Hey, isn't Baked around here? I should get a couple sweets to share with my parents." This is when I did a double take, drove by and circled the block for a parking space. I think I practically skipped to the bakery, based on all the good reviews.I bought a vegan lime pistachio cookie, a apricot rosemary bar and a chocolate cloud cookie. I then returned to the car and figured, "Well, I should at least sample them, right?"**  The vegan lime cookie was quite lime-y and fragrant tasting (but not overpowering), thick, yet light and somewhat crisp. The chocolate cloud cookie was....*heaven*!! Thick, moist, dense, almost like dark chocolate fudgey pudding and chocolate chips combined in the dough. I could definitely see going into a chocolate coma from eating this in its entirety in one sitting. Ho-ly frak! But my absolute favorite was the apricot rosemary bar. Butter-flour crust with just a touch of rosemary and a layer of apricots in an almost jelly-preserves form, sprinkled with a crumbled oat topping. I never would have thought of this combination, but it works! The buttery crust melts in your mouth and the apricot pairs extremely well with the  rosemary. (Unless you're not a rosemary fan, then this isn't the bar for you).The remains of the cookies and bar are sitting in my fridge at the moment. I had to keep getting up to taste them again to write this review. I'm very tempted to consume the rest of them, but I'll wait a while...maybe.Yea, thanks Baked. ::shakes fist at the sky::I'll be back!! Hey, though...maybe in the future, if I walk/run there from home I won't feel so guilty about consuming all those potential calories! Also, if you see my parents...I never went to Baked and I never bought any cookies.*Apparently I have zero willpower and like to blame others for my fat ass.**At this point, it just declines from here. Recalling stories of fellow Yelpers and their "secret" eating habits run amok in my mind...
<review# 490,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2009,2/5/2010,283,451,16,26,16>I'm a firm believer of the theory that states that 95% of what it takes to get in shape is just getting to the gym. If I can find a reason not to go, I won't. And with the NYSC almost a 15 minute walk from my house, I wasn't going nearly as often as what it took to make me feel good. I know it makes sense to, y'know, walk to a place where I'm trying to exercise but I've learned it's easier to work with my mind instead of fighting against my idiosyncrasies.I've walked by this gym for a year now, and even went in for a tour once, but joined recently when I came to the conclusion going 15 minutes was just too far. When I went in to tour it a year ago, I thought it was alright, but now they've got a bunch of new machines (four of those new fancy treadmills with the ipod connectivity) and are planning to add a bunch over the next few months.Upstairs is your cardio (with tons of treadmills and bikes) and your nautilus machines with a plethora of flat screen televisions tuned to all sorts of different stations (including one with the closed-circuit camera of the babysitting room which is an idea so incredibly full of common sense that it amazes me it's taken this long to think of it) while the four new treadmills have tv built in. I always thought I'd hate running on a treadmill that didn't have a tv built in, and it's not my favorite, but it turns out that it makes it harder to stare at the clock.They even have an iPod charger for when your iPod (read: my iPod) is so done and busted that it can barely keep a charge longer than 30 minutes. Imagine that -- people at a gym use portable music devices because listening to the sound of feet thudding on a treadmill is only so interesting. Shocking!Downstairs are the free weights, lockerrooms and training class area -- they have a full training class schedule which are all free as part of your membership. And speaking of membership, it's a gym so they're flexible on payment options. I managed to get the membership fee waived by paying the first two months up front (I chose the month-to-month payment plan, $10 more per month than the year long plan though I can switch later on if I want to) and I can cancel my membership, no questions asked, with just 30 days notice.It's amazing how much changes (membership costs $69 per month here, $59 for the year-long version) in the six blocks from "Park Slope" to "South Slope" -- it's $30 per month lower than the NYSC and Harbor Fitness has a smoothie/juice drink bar in the front of the gym, which is a nice touch if I don't want to walk up to the 7-11.The overriding benefit, though, is that they are open 24 hours a day from Monday - Friday, closing only on Saturday and Sunday nights, which is fine, because chances are I'm not working out at 3 a.m. on a Saturday. I didn't think it would make much of a difference, but knowing it's open at 10:30 if I get home late, makes it much harder to avoid going.It saddens me to think I've been missing out on this place, which is on my street, for a year because of my love of integrated television. Not anymore.
<review# 491,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2009,7/22/2009,528,403,18,21,21>If there's anything that will make me sell my first-born, slap my mama, or sell my cats into slavery, it's Humboldt fog cheese. I say "bah" to the goats who produced this delicious slice of heaven. And to find it in a classy little bar 4,000 miles away from the Humboldt County (yes, THAT one) that produced it is a dream come true. Hey, I aim low, but that makes me easy to please. Sample is a cozy little bar serving the usual libations, but with a respectable "nibbles" menu of olives, cheese, cured meats, and sauteed vegetables -- food I could basically live on. The space is very well laid out, tables spaced well apart for conducive conversation, great music at the right tempo (because grandma here is hard of hearing), a small outdoor patio, and shelves lined with curious antique collectibles (I won't say chatchkis because that would imply more camp than class).Gracious, accommodating bartenders, who even gave us baguettes to take home.
<review# 492,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2009,7/20/2009,151,352,40,29,30>Let it be known that I am a sausage whore.No, seriously, it's my favorite type of meat, and I don't care from which animal; wild boar, venison, beef, chicken, turkey, duck, alligator (yup - it's how we roll in the Bayou), and the illustrious pork - I love you all. The oh-too-brief moments you're in my mouth are the few times in my everyday life I can experience true happiness.Enter Fette Sau - German for 'Fat Pig', this seemed like the perfect place to refuel between stops on the Brooklyn Brews Bar Crawl. The space is basically 3 long picnic tables in an open garage and decorated like a sparse warehouse cafeteria (think chalk boards, meat hooks, bare lightbulbs) complete with a bar serving up their own brewed beer. Because we arrived right when they opened, seating wasn't an issue, but at this first come, first seated joint, you might wanna do what we did if you're a large party by bogarting an entire table to yourselves before the crowds come. (I never entered the 2 bathrooms, so I can't comment on their wheelchair friendliness, but the tables are low enough to not be an issue.)If memory serves me correctly, for two people I ordered;-Two beers: whatever the 'home brand' was what we drank. And it was tasty enough, however the following foods stole the show.-Broccoli Salad: this was vinegar tangy and pretty tasty, but it was purposely cold! From a healthy colon perspective, Mama approves - but this woulda been 10X better warmed up.-BBQ baked beans: I want to be slathered in this, head to toe, for no reason other than my perverse enjoyment. Imagine the best baked beans you ever had in your life. Now add chopped up bits of smoked pork. Then multiply that by a million. Now do you understand why I want to bathe in these beans?-1/3 pound of Pork Ribs: Dry rubbed = heaven. A good rack of ribs never needs sauce, however I used these suckers like little mops to transport the 3 types of bottled sauces on the table into my mouf. Fall off the bone yummy, with lovely smoke rings as an indicator of a quality product. Mama approves.- 1/3 pound of Brisket - Moist, tender and flavorful, with a good char on the outside. I stuffed a couple of slices into the complimentary rolls, doused it all in sauce, and shoveled those sam'iches into my face with the quickness.-and of course...SAUSAGE. Two to be exact; one for him and one for me. But they were sooooooooooooooooo perfectly crispy, yet juicy, spicy, smoky, and tender - *** OH MY SWEET DISPLACED SOUTHERNER STARS *** - I had to get back on line and order 2 more, just for my gluttonous self.Meanwhile, the few Beer Crawl participants who weren't in a food coma at our table were staring at me in fear, as if to say "Did this heffa just eat all that barbeque AND two more sausages?"Why yes I did, honey! And I enjoyed every porktastic bite. Fat Pig, indeed.:::whispers:::I love you, Fette Sau.
<review# 493,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2009,7/19/2009,91,52,11,15,13>There are moments in a person's life in which guilt is washed away and true pleasure reigns. This was the feeling I had, in an instant, when I bit into Buttermilk Channel's Bacon in a mustard sauce. For $5 you were served two pieces of thick-cut, high-quality bacon in a slightly smoky, sweet mustard sauce that brought hosannas from on high as your mouth rejoiced in it. This bacon could stop wars. It could start religions.Okay, enough about the bacon.  (But it was very, very good.)  The place is pretty loud, so if possible, sit outside (or just talk even louder than the crowd).  I'm not into very loud dinners so I don't think I'd be happy eating indoors.I had a fantastic time at Buttermilk channel for a number of reasons. My Fair Harbor cocktail was essentially a well-made Dark and Stormy.  Delicious, albeit somewhat pricey ($11). Oysters on the half shell are one of my many weaknesses, and my neighborhood suffers from a lack of places that serve them.  So I was delighted to order 8 of the succulent bivalves with the accoutrements of a housemade cocktail sauce and a blood-orange mignonette. At $2.25 a piece they weren't a steal but they were very good oysters and that price is maybe on the low end of standard for NYC.At the recommendation of a friend from an earlier BBQ in Fort Greene I ordered the Duck Meatloaf, not knowing what to expect.  What emerged looked like a large burger patty with an onion ring on top, in a gorgeous vibrant green puree of salsify.  The dish was rich, almost overpoweringly so, but flavors that made my eyes roll back into my head at least once.Service was excellent.  Tight, professional, never cloying.We got there at 7 on a Saturday and were seated almost immediately; by 8 o clock they were quoting over an hour wait.The only complaint, besides the noise was that the apple popovers (replacing what most restaurants would serve as bread) were slightly burnt and not good.I will go back, definitely.  They have a very good thing going, but know this--eating here will break any and all diets.  And that is something to embrace!
<review# 494,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2008,7/17/2009,46,173,13,16,11>I don't tend to be a "pricey-mixed-drink" kind of guy.  I'm more of the "one ingredient, probably bourbon or beer" kind of guy.  You know, the one that admires the old alcoholics you can find in a super dive.  So I was hesitant when my friend took me here.I've never had a 10 dollar mixed drink that was worth the money, until I came here.  Fresh ingredients, professional bartending in a nice old-school way, and tasty nosh as well.  Yeah, the crowds can be a bit much.  Just come there with a small group of friends ready to get tipsy on deliciousness.  YOU'LL BE GLAD YOU DID!!!!!!That was enthusiasm there, not a stroke.
<review# 495,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2008,7/16/2009,3,9,5,15,10>Chinantla is a little gem within a mostly barren strip of Myrtle ave.  It's a strange combo of a Mexican grocery in the front - selling things like Mexican sodas, caned goods, and fresh mexican-ish produce like cactus and tomatillos  - and a delightfully informal restaurant in the back.  It's equipped with many tables sparsely occupied by tired looking laborers drinking coronas, charming and entertaining photos of old mexico on the walls, and TVs playing futbol and nothing but futbol.  It is a mexican establishment for mexicans.  But gringos don't fret! The staff is friendly and warm, and the atmosphere, though plain, is thoroughly relaxing.  My friends have been talking up Castro's (that's just up the street) as the best Mexican around.  But I've been and I felt that it was a little lackluster, and left not feeling completely satisfied with the experience.  So I later decided to step into Chinantla in search of something that would finally scratch the itch for authentic mexican-new yorker food, and found that the food itself was better by leaps and bounds.  I'm talking yummy.The menu is ginormous, the ingredients are fresh, and everything is made to order.  I usually get the sopes for $2.50 that are pressed and cooked fresh from dough when you order and covered with meat (if you like that sort of thing), beans, delicious Mexican cheese, cream(like sour cream but the real liquid non-dolloping kind), lettuce, and tomato.  And I recently just tried the vegetarian burrito and decided that it was the best vegetarian burrito that I've ever had. Ever! Though I haven't had that many, because they're usually full of broccoli and crap, and aren't usually good.  Their hot sauce and salsa hit the mark like a spicy bullseye, their cheese is the kind you want to eat in fistfuls, rice and beans are killer, plus you never have to wait in line at this place (it's like my secret mexican food place).  And did I mention they have quart bottles of Sol and Carta Blanca?  Um, yeah, big chubby cold bottles of Sol just to make sure you're totally satisfied.The food is cheaper than Castro's but it's still not cheap as dirt, as I usually prefer.  Though the quality of the preparation and ingredients is totally worth it.
<review# 496,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2008,7/15/2009,218,231,20,15,13>Last week I could sense that I was coming to the end of my proverbial rope, dangling by a single thread.  I had this epiphany that my life, as a 24 year old working in the greatest city in the world, was leaning toward worhtless and I was less than enthusiastic about calling Bay Ridge my home.  Then I started pondering if that gerbil on the wheel realizes that he's running in place. Am I that gerbil?  Finally the noise in my mind had crescendoed to a dull roar, a cacaphony.  The phone rings at 2:30 PM as I'm scouring the internet.  I'm guestimating the number of tourists I will bump into trying to leave Grand Central and get on the 6 train to go home, because I'm a pinball when I'm walking through GC and have absolutely no patience. "Chris J., this is Mom J. we're going out to dinner tonight.  Meet us at Caneda's."  Shocked, I replied,"Mom J., are you sure?  Are the roommates up to it?"  Annoyed, because she hates to repeat herself, "Yes, of course. Nothing changes. You never listen to me.  Your roommate is the one who suggested it."Fast forward to 6:30 PM; by this time I've gone through my normal choreography in GC with the tourist folk. I've transfered twice and magically appear at Caneda's to see my family already perched at their table.  I walk through the doors, unplug myself from my own little world (iPod) and deal with reality, my family, and my roommates.  Ordering for us is always an ordeal.  Indecision causes paralysis. Fancy Italian names don't jive well with Lebanese and Irish decendents. My favorite is my mom yelling out Polo (like the Ralph Lauren brand), butchering "pollo."  Part of me just wants to yell, "Mom STFU this isn't Marco Polo (that great childrens' game)," or maybe lament, "I'm sorry Polo is not on the menu tonight."  We order, salads, shrimp cocktail, and order veal, chicken, and pasta dishes for entrees.  By this time, my roommates have reached their quota of a drink. My Mom (Mom J.) smiles as per usual, uneasy because she's typically a gregarious woman, but doesn't know what to talk about with my roommates since the accident.  She sips her wine, casually, demonstrating her understanding of social grace and proper eating etiquette.  At this point I take a breath, I drink in my tap water, and the environs.  Then it hits me.  This setting is surreal, from the pastel colored wallpaper, to the mirrored walls - we're reinacting a scene from Scarface.  The same decor that characterized the wealthy Miami cocaine moguls of the 70s and Scarface has been impeccably transplanted into this Itallian Restaurant in Bay Ridge.  Aside from the decor (blunder in my opinion, but charming nonetheless), the food is quite good.  The service was a bit lacking, and we had a long wait between our appetizers and main course, but the quality of food was exceptional.  I had a Caesar salad for appetizer, and seafood ravioli's as an entree and both were better than good, but shy of great.  The Ceasar salad was fresh, with crispy romaine lettuce, but not enough dressing and it tasted like the salty element was missing (anchovies, and lack of parmesean cheese).  The seafood ravioli were the highlight for me. They were moderately priced at $13.99, and were accompanied by a pink sauce with fresh lobster and crab meat.  Overall my meal was very good. I desperately hope my roommates order dessert, to delay the inevitable, reality.  No such luck, but Caneda's was perfect for a two hour rest from my thoughts.This would be a good place to take a girl on a date, and leave with enough money to take her out for drinks after.  Now if I could only convince a girl that Bay Ridge is not a third world country....
<review# 497,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2009,7/14/2009,98,60,37,20,26>This place was supposed to open in November 2008. That didn't happen. Why? I hate when people equate things they don't like to Nazis, but it's largely because of Nazis. Bureaucratic, power-obsessed New York City governmental Nazis.Even though the penny-poor New York City government could have reaped countless thousands in taxes from this operation since November, they opted to forgo the fundage and make life miserable for the proprietors for months. They finally got their license. Or licence, as the English and Irish call it. Now all is well with the world.Lillie's is a fantastic, gorgeous, Irish-Victorian establishment. I would be there every night if I could. But I can't because I made babies. And my wife would grimace much. "Come home!" she'd say. And she's the boss of me.Regardless, it's a wonderful venue with countless quality beers on tap. No Miller Lite, if I remember correctly. And that's a really good thing.Nice menu.  What we ordered we enjoyed. What we drank made us wind up doing karaoke down the street.My only complaint? The TVs. TVs are to meatheads what fire is to moths. But the crowd didn't bother me. I was simply happy to have a wonderful pub in the immediate vicinity of my domicile.One day I will sleep here.
<review# 498,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2009,7/13/2009,794,428,32,30,30>I got a promotion so I treated myself to one of the most perfect places in the world, Back Forty.6-8pm, all the drinks are half off. I got there at 7 and you best believe I had every single beer they offered on tap by 8. They were all delicious, particularly the "Sweet Action." The beer from the cask was a little warm--- it was all good though, went down smooth like mother's milk. Magically, I bumped into a former colleague dressed head to toe in formal wear (macho, macho). Naturally, I suggested we crack some crabs--- only 2 dollars each!! We had to sit at a special communal table covered with the day's NYtimes (handy). He smashed crab all over himself (better take off your Rolex, champ) and I laughed and laughed while gingerly pulling sweet flesh out from my expertly hand opened shells. "That's what ties are for. They were invented so that your coat wouldn't dirty your shirt.... Unfortunately now they're more expensive than shirts..." his voice trailed off as he looked at his crab juiced Italian silk (heeheehee). We played a drinking game since we only had an hour for half-priced beer. For each crab we ate we had to chug one beer (my idea). Old Bay Seasoning is a good rim for carbonated wheat... a great thing to take the edge off something too hoppy I'd say. The crabs were smothered in it, so sensational. The GM and servers watched our game slightly amused--- mostly they were impressed we knew how to eat crab.   After washing our hands thoroughly, we sat down for dinner. My colleague almost got whiplash when he saw the burger with all the fixings come out of the kitchen and he ordered one immediately. It was so beautiful, I'd eaten it many times in the past (pure, fresh beef joy) and declined a bite. It looked juicy, in fact, so juicy it dripped all over his expensive navy sleeves (tisk, tisk--- hahaha, why am I evil?). I ordered the most delicious thing I've ever eaten. It was a roasted vegetable dish on top of wheat. Each little root vegetable was too precious--- their skin was so sweet from being lovingly roasted. The little cippolinis  melted away like French caramels. Mmmmm, dirt candy. We ordered two desserts! The stout float and the doughnuts. Hahaha, for every doughnut we ate we had to chug one glass of beer (my idea, again). The doughnuts were perfect. Cakelike and yet refreshing with its lemon verbanay glaze. Such a smart, satisfying dessert. The stout float I wasn't liking so much-- good vanilla ice cream though. The strawberries were a little too syrupy. What am I talking about? I was just too full to put it in my mouth. It was bitter, tangy, creamy--- dreamy. My lightweight colleague hailed a cab (pussy) but I walked happily back home with my food baby in tow. FTW!!!! Back Forty is the best at what they do--- which is bringin' the delicious.
<review# 499,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2008,7/12/2009,548,384,26,20,22>Undeniably, I tend to admire certain types of beauty more than others; fine features coupled with the right sensibility makes my skin tingle. So what about special kind of nomenclatures that mix the best of both worlds in order to produce a rapturous shudder in my hypothalamus? I want to speak about one such lady, she was a Hapa. Half Korean - Half American, to be exact. A mixture that I will never forget, and that I will keep revisiting time and time again. The Korean aesthetics were there; that attention to clean detail and modern lines, interspersed with the American necessity of hodge-podge; a wall cobbled together with various New York pictures, contrasted the green/white lounging area towards the back. Small cushioned stools, low and minimal, the Korean sensitivity prevailing in the overall décor. On the wall, painted black cages meant for one thing only: to trap aesthetic junkies like me into an endless repetition of this dangerous interracial spawn: Hot-dog + Korean food.*Drools*I devoured my delicious Hot Dog showered with Dak-Galbi bbq with no consideration whatsoever to matters of weight; this was not junk food as far as I was concerned, the moment when the American classic mixed with the Korean classic, a new taste was born, meant to make you forget about the street quality of the meal by adding a touch of home and flavor to an erstwhile depressing and vulgar option. My Bulgogi hot dog was even tastier, and as I eat this Hapa with ravenous intent, I couldn't help but remember the words of Jane, who had told me at the counter: "Kimchi and Veggie Hot Dogs are coming soon, be sure to come back you hear?"I will Jane, I so will.
<review# 500,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2009,7/11/2009,315,518,20,23,23>Hands down, the best tart frozen yogurt of the bunch.  Forget Red Mango, they don't even serve oreos as a topping option.  Forget Pinkberry, they have a horrible aftertaste and you *know* I'm right about that.  Flurt is where it's at. I was supposed to go out with the girls this past Saturday night.  I got dressed up for the occasion.  My sister (if she's reading this) knows this means I traded my college t-shirt and winter Uggs* for cute high heels and a dress.  I may have even curled my hair.The problem?  I practically fell asleep in said clothes before making it out.  So I decided to change into my sweats, a ponytail, eye cream, and my glasses (or as I call it: sexy) and call it a night.  Just as I was about to curl up into my bed, my roommates tempted me with the only thing that could get me out of that fantastic and delirious state of mind: frozen yogurt."16 Handles?  Please?  Let's go!  Let's take a cab."  I begged."We are Flurt girls," they responded, almost in unison.I was a little hesitant because 16 Handles is my favorite place in the world currently.  I even talk about it at bars when there's a conversation lull, that's how much I love 16 Handles.  But I'm in this happy and great place right now in life where I'm open to trying almost anything** new.  And since Flurt is extremely close to the new apartment, Flurt it was. So we walk in and it's super minimal.  Nothing on the walls.  At all.  Only one flavor: original.  And they take debit cards.  The girls explain the process to me: you order a medium and you get three toppings.  Simple.  We decide to go half healthy and half junk food - strawberries, oreos, and chocolate chips.Can I just tell you how generous they are with their toppings?  You know how when you're eating ice cream or frozen yogurt and you get to the middle/bottom and there are no more toppings left?  All the fun was at the top and now you feel a little sad because it's gone?  Toppings in every bite at Flurt.  They PILE ON the toppings.  And the best part was actually the fruit.  I think it's because this froyo does, in fact, taste a bit more yogurty than ice creamy and therefore it goes better with fruit.  Next time I might even forgo the junk and stick to the fruit.  I think they even have wheatgrass shots here but I really don't understand that.  I don't really believe in the benefits of wheatgrass.  I'm a wheatgrass skeptic.But Flurt frozen yogurt  has made me a believer and totally made my Saturday night bonding over healthy dessert.  This is going to be my dinner with fruit during the summer, I can already tell...*Don't judge.** But I won't do THAT.
<review# 501,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2013,7/3/2014,18,90,1,4,3>A culinary oasis in Midtown!  We were looking for a solid Middle Eastern place in the MSG area, and I'm so glad to have stumbled upon Ravagh here on Yelp.  The food was top notch  - go for the kebabs and stews, but everything is great - with well seasoned (and hefty!) portions.  I'm generally not one to order cooked salmon, as it's so often poorly prepared, but my salmon kebabs were crispy, juicy and flavorful.   I opted for all grilled vegetables as my side instead of rice and veg, and coming from a substitute-happy family, the menu's listed options to sub all veg or french fries were appreciated. Service is friendly and attentive, prices are reasonable and my whole family was delighted with our first Ravagh experience.  Oh, and that green pita dipping sauce!  Don't miss it.
<review# 502,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2013,7/2/2014,137,219,4,10,2>What's up with the sizing here? The smoothies are huge! Unless you forgot to eat fruit for an entire week, you can probably split one and save yourself the sugar rush. All kidding aside, Juice Generation is one of the better juice/smoothie stores in NY and it is always an excellent experience coming in and out of these stores. I think they go heavier on the bananas compared to other stores since most of the smoothies have a thicker than usual consistency, which is great because 1. I love bananas and 2. it holds up better in the summer heat.
<review# 503,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2013,7/1/2014,21,92,3,6,3>The food touches the heart. It is hot and ready to serve. All the food is in a hot window buffet style and most of the food seems to be stewed, aside from the whole fish. Food like this makes you think of flavor and a lot of loving put into it. I had no idea what was on the other side, but the lady serving me put me on to all the choices. I opted to go with the stewed chicken and stewed beef. It was served with white rice, a stewed spinach, some kind of peanut based sauce and a sweet root vegetable. It had the consistency of cassava, but it was sweet. The food was mildly spicy and delicious! Loved it. Going back or the lamb stew.
<review# 504,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2013,6/30/2014,190,154,3,8,4>Great food, wine, drinks, ambiance and service.The highlights:-Josh: Chef. Hospitable, personable, very welcoming-Patrick: Bartender. Patient, friendly, knows what he's doing-Service: Great recommendations, right amount of checking in on our table, great recommendations, friendly, knowledgeable-Ambiance: Easy, chill, nice (indoor and front outdoor seating)Food:-Guacamole (courtesy of Chef Josh, thank you): Fresh, chunky, served with warm pita chips and a trio of red/green/chipotle salsas-Tuna ceviche: Perfect combo of flavors, not too salty or seasoned, right amount of avocado and cucumber to balance-Fried fish tacos: Bite-size looking, but the right amount, fish is battered and just right fried, served up in a soft tortilla-Shrimp wrapped around scallop (special item): Honestly, we couldn't figure out what was in the red sauce, the ground black garnish, the mixture of flavors, or much else because we were too busy eating the perfectly cooked (temperature, texture) dish. In short: delicious.Drinks: -Chile rubbed mango margarita: Chile salt rim, subtle/smooth mango flavor, and jalapeno that delivers one final kick when you take your last sip-Wine menu: Varied and great selectionsMany thanks to Josh Capon and El Toro Blanco for ensuring we enjoyed a great meal, as well as a great time.
<review# 505,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2014,6/29/2014,173,183,3,9,7>Welcome to paleo (or primal) heaven!  I heard about this place in the paleo blog world, so had to check it out when I headed to the city this past weekend.  It was everything I dreamed of and more.  These guys created a pretty freakin cool place for anyone who wants to find real clean food on the go (even if you don't follow a paleo diet).There are about 4 different counters to order from including a coffee bar, mash bar, hot counter, and prepared foods section.The coffee bar had all different organic coffee offerings.  On their milk bar they even have homemade almond milk and coconut sugar.  Next you have what they call their "Mash Bar" which I didn't spend too much time at.  It looked like they had some pretty awesome fresh juices, smoothies, and different types of concoctions with ingredients like grain-free granola, chia pudding, almond butters, etc.We headed to the back where the hot breakfast section was.  I ordered a bowl where you can choose quinoa or root vegetable mash as the base.  I got the vegetable mash topped with veggie medley and an over easy egg.  My boyfriend got the primal french toast that was drizzled with cashew cream and syrup with blueberries.  It was ah-mazing!  We also got some of their grass-fed bacon on the side.On top of all of this there is a prepared foods section.  From there we got some grass fed meatballs to take home.  I also bought some grain free raw granola that has made for a yummy breakfast this week.  AND to top it off we had to try a paleo treat.  We chose almond butter truffles...oh my god...just take my word for it and buy these.Okay, I swear I'm not being paid to write this review.  I just loved it that much!
<review# 506,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2014,6/28/2014,119,173,1,5,2>I just have to give them a shout out because they deserve it. My buddy was telling me how he just started at a new CrossFit spot on Columbus Circle. I had  done CrossFit for about a year at the BlackBox in Flatiron for a year - BUT I moved uptown and my wife and I had a baby. Needless to say, it had been awhile... so I decided to join up with him and start all over again.I called up the phone line, got some information and Julie signed me up.  Fast forward about 30 minutes later - I had some real problems signing up for the same classes as my friend... Then CRAP - I realized my dumba$$ signed up for the WRONG BOX.I wasn't sure whether I would get push back or not, but i immediately emailed Julia, apologized and asked for a refund. Julie was quick to respond, extremely understanding and was happy to refund my money. To be honest, I wasn't considering them before (not knowing anything about them), but given how professionally I was treated by them in the midst of my snafu I MADE - I will give them a long hard look when deciding upon the box I join uptown. Classy operation.Thanks Julia!!!
<review# 507,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2013,6/27/2014,30,117,3,7,3>Awesome place for live music! I love coming here Mondays. There's the Terra Blues Band that plays weekly. A group of my friends come here sometimes to do blues dancing (a partnered dance style). ou can comfortably fit 2-4 couples to dance in the bar part by the entrance, while the band plays their 5-10 minute songs. The staff is pretty nice, and I have a large amount of respect for people willing to move gracefully around us dancers and still be friendly to us. They are also really quick on service.I'm not positive about this, but I believe the band records every time they play- to keep track of what works and what doesn't- so they are constantly paying attention to how their music Really affects the audience.
<review# 508,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2013,6/26/2014,150,313,5,7,5>absolutely amazing! I was lucky to join a Rouge Tomate gift card-toting friend for dinner here and oh man--so. damn. amazing. we indulged in the tasting menu and opted for the wine pairings option as well. no, not the cheapest outing, but this is not the place to be frugal. NOTE: if you're a pescatarian or vegetarian, fear not--they will gladly substitute the menu items as necessary. each course was better than the last, each wine paired perfectly with our food, and when all was said and done, we were completely and utterly stuffed. the staff was incredibly professional and attentive, and the actual space is dim, minimalist, yet lovely. random unimportant bonus points: the sinks in the bathroom are pretty damn cool. if you're interested in a gluttonous, inexpensive feast, this is NOT your spot. if you're looking for a wholesome, filling, unique combination of flavorful healthy faire (though yes, pricey) in a classy yet chic atmosphere, then make a reservation (yes, recommended), clean yourself up (not the type of place you wear jeans to), and prepare to have an amazing meal.
<review# 509,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2014,6/25/2014,285,388,5,13,5>I'm a huge fan of hard cider, but niche brands are difficult to find in New York City.I checked on BeerMenus.com for a seasonal variety, Doc's Draft Cranberry Spice Hard Apple Cider, and discovered that it was available at Noble Grains.Located on a side street off 2nd Avenue on the UES, you wouldn't even know it was there unless you came looking for it.This tiny shop, whose inventory is quite the opposite of tiny, offers a grand selection of craft beer, gourmet food, and cider.I got two cold bottles of my seasonal cider, which I'd be hard pressed to find elsewhere.  They even had the Pumpkin Cider, which I haven't seen anywhere (including the winery where it's made) since the Fall.I had to use tremendous willpower to not buy a 6 of the McKenzie Black Cherry Cider from Buffalo.Service was incredibly friendly and approachable from the moment you enter.  I felt like a kid in a toy store where unique toys were all at my disposal.I love that they keep their list on BeerMenus completely up-to-date:beermenus.com/places/986…I will certainly be back for sure!
<review# 510,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2013,6/24/2014,208,498,5,6,5>After living on the UWS for almost two years I must now say that Fairway is hands down the best grocery store in the neighborhood. Yes, the layout is an insane maze. There are basically three stores in one - gourmet, regular, and organic. Once you figure that out, and get a plan for where you buy each item, it's pretty easy to navigate. Their prices are insanely good on some items (greek yogurt for example). The selection is really incredible considering how small the actual store is. And there are idiosyncrasies - I still to this day don't understand why I have to empty my own basket. But I still love Fairway more than any other grocery store.
<review# 511,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2009,6/4/2009,174,225,27,21,24>Once upon a time, in a land called the United States of America,  snail mail was delivered by the Pony Express.Australia tried the same thing, but with cows. The cattle were much, much slower than any speedy steed the American's had, so they were constantly suffering from overexposure to the sun. They originally tried to follow the US trend and call their system the Mail Moo-vers, but after becoming the laughing-stock of society, they were dubbed the Sunburnt Cows.*Now you know the story behind this little Lower East Side hot spot, and can flash your historical knowledge when you go there to enjoy one of Manhattan's best brunches. All you can drink mimosas and bloody m's, plus a few other choices like Greyhounds or Screwdrivers--- combined with good weather on the patio and the charming Aussie lads** who have been planted as bartenders (a.k.a. "eyecandy").... my only complaint is that I don't get to go here more often!*This is a highly inaccurate excerpt from Mo-ikipedia.**I want one.
<review# 512,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2009,6/3/2009,693,408,8,13,12>It's almost unfair to rate pizza shops in New York City since everyone knows the best one, everyone's got a favorite slice and in general, there's always some subliminal bias tied to it... Say, which borough it's in or how esoteric it is.Lucali is an amazing pizza shop. I've been to many in Brooklyn, from the greasy slice place in every neighborhood to the high, mighty and gourmet emporia of more recent days (this is closer to the latter) where a pie costs twice what it should and the wait is thrice as long as any normal person should stand around to eat what used to be peasant food. OK, that was a bitchy way to start. Sorry, back to Lucali...Their pizza is really good - It's all fresh mozzarella-type with rustic, almost gourmet bread-quality crust (maybe the water in Brooklyn really does make the difference). The pies are huge and they've remained very, very basic with the technique applied to the crust and to the ingredients you can have put on your pizza. There is no foie gras to be had and they left the truffle oil in their shopping cart at Eli's, where it belongs (seriously, what is with the gratuitous use of truffle oil on everything at some places in this city?). The toppings available are essentially the type you'll find at many typical New York City pizza places - Basic, occasionally necessary and all very enjoyable (you know, pepperoni, peppers, mushrooms, etc.). The pies are all made to order and there's a certain old-fashioned and clearly authentic element to them that I appreciate. The menu is otherwise limited with some small appetizer and/or calzone-related offerings (the calzone was very good, by the way), although the pizza is what it's all about. The shop itself is essential Old Brooklyn to me. I think it was a former luncheonette/general store-type thing because of the remnants of old lighting, signs, shelves, and the old awning outside that all point toward that. Very (very!) dimly lit with exposed brick and cramped beyond belief, it does not belie its location in Carroll Gardens, which I always think of as a relatively old-school neighborhood anyway. This is, however, by no means a neighborhood hang-out. I am told that pizza enthusiasts come from far-and-wide to dine here, and the crowd is certainly diverse. The wait staff is an assortment of adorable locals with a good deal of enthusiasm. They're extremely friendly and accommodating (even with diners who ask too many questions and/or can't make up their mind), and I think that in itself adds a certain quality element to the place. Lucali is also BYOB, which is a nice touch (they'll uncork your bottle and provide you glasses), so you can bring your own Montepulciano (or Franzia...) to please. The only problem I have with this place is the fact that they have limited hours and don't take reservations. Of course, neither of those is limited to Lucali itself, but indulge me while I regale you with tales of the time we were more-or-less told that they're too good for reservations. I am confounded. Bad enough that they have a very limited amount of seats, but when we cheekily inquired with the owner/"pizzaiolo" (a k a the guy flipping the dough) about this policy, the answer became clear. Owning a popular restaurant in South Brooklyn (it used to be called that, my father tells me) that serves food that follows fad allows restauranteurs and chefs to give self-importance a new meaning.... and while serving pizza (like I said, former/current (?) peasant food!). "You've come a long way, baby!" Highly recommended.
<review# 513,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2009,6/2/2009,646,1303,17,35,29>The short review:  The best sushi I have ever had in my life prepared for me by a sushi legend, Chef Yasuda himself.  Easily 6 stars if Yelp would let me have the honor.The longer review:I went here with Jeff C.'s meetup group.  This was my first outing with them, and there was no Jeff C.  :-(  But there was Chef Yasuda in front of me at the sushi bar all night -- wow!  We were pretty indecisive about what to order.  We inquired about an omakase, but they really don't do that.  But he was willing to choose selections for us in the context of our sushi matsu (12 pieces of sushi and a half roll for $36), and then we would be free to make individual orders after that.Instead of serving everything at once, each piece of sushi is individually prepared and served.  This is more intimate, and really builds up the experience with a crescendo of anticipation and increasing quality.  Chef Yasuda is very amiable and jocular; but he is also a skilled salesman.  While talking to you and having you be distracted, fresh prepared sushi would magically appear on your plate from nowhere -- he is so good!  Stand outs in the Matsu were the eel (layers of flavor, unlike any eel I have ever had in my life), the shrimp (prepared fresh which makes a very big difference in taste; usually shrimp is a miss for me), and actually everything else -- there was nothing I didn't like, alot!My additional selections were the two recommended types of eel, the orato, and the arctic char with the latter two selections garnering a "good choice" from the master himself!  Wow, perfection achieved once again.  They even offer an inexpensive house hot sake which I thought paired well with all of the selections -- in fact, I had two of these!What did I learn from talking with the master for nearly 2 hours?- Iron Chef Japan is just entertainment/television.  They know the ingredients 2 weeks in advance.- He deferred on naming other chefs that he likes, but did say he likes bangers and mash.  - He enjoys watching WWE wrestling.  Doesn't follow sumo wrestling.  And really doesn't have time to watch movies.- He is on-site everyday for lunches and dinner.  If he takes time to travel, he goes back to Japan to visit his older, ailing mother.  - When he was younger he traveled in the western U.S., particularly loving Wyoming, Colorado, and Sedona Arizona.  He's a country guy at heart.- He uses 2 grains of rice, both from Sacramento in his sushi.- He never drinks on the job, and doesn't find the practice respectful.- He can make 5 sushi rolls in a minute.  His hands moved so fast, I think he has a magic act on his days off.  - Sushi should be eaten with the fish facing up, contrary to sushi union propaganda (his term).  You don't eat a pizza upside-down he says.  Food for thought.  (bad pun)And so much more.  He was so approachable, and even posed for photos.  All around great experience and great guy.  Price is surprisingly affordable, only $85 for my selections.  Highly recommend!!!
<review# 514,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2009,6/1/2009,299,846,37,26,25>This review should have been ROTD:yelp.com/biz/shake-shack…Everything they say about Mars Bar is true:they pour tremendous shots,their prices are stupid cheap,every song out of the jukebox has a purpose,someone was killed there, it is a black hole,It smells like piss, the stools are broken, there are no taps and the beer they do have sucks,it's dark, dank, dingy and depressing, you will probably get assaulted and spit on, the staff is weird,bad drug deals, worse drugs,there are cockroaches scurrying on the countertops,and If you touch anyone, you Will get the plague,It's all true. 5 stars.
<review# 515,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2009,5/31/2009,552,567,25,28,32>For the big 2-0-0: the eulogy of a happy romance-i. In Media Res.A little after midnight on an unseasonably warm night in December, under the dim glow of Craft's shrewd Edison bulbs, I fell in love. It wasn't with the rustic decor, or even with Tom Colicchio's aphrodisastic reductions; I was dosed up on sweets and and rosy with rose, and caught myself filled with the familiar dread associated with deep, romantic longing, as I suddenly remembered that I had a plane to catch. ii. That week.I'd been living on borrowed time; I'd forfeited my lease and my job in favor of adventures on foreign shores. China to be exact, and in one of many concurrent 'fuck-yous' to conventional wisdom, I chose to spend my final nights in the bicepted snuggery of the rakish desperado down the hall. As my imminent departure loomed, M. and I decided to keep ish "casual".   Four hours before preemptively nostalgic I was to redeem a one-way ticket to the other side of the world: still stuffing underwears into irritable side pockets, sulky, from this morning's too-short, too-stiff farewell. My malaise is interrupted by an unexpected phone call from M.; he'd like me to accompany him to the holiday dinner to commemorate the first, successful year of the company that was his New York raison d'etre. He will purchase a new plane ticket for me.The afternoon passes like a Disney made-for-television-movie montage. Gaybestfriend takes me to Guy Laroche, where I'm gussied up like a fairy princess by the salesman, who all but gifts me my first couture piece when I tell the story of the occasion. The counter girls at Henri Bendel (befriended during wanton weekend afternoons) flutter by to tinge (already flushed) cheeks and moisten (quivering) lips like helpful sparrows. And then, before I knew it - there I was, in a luxurious Gramercy flat, meeting the oft-named, heroic heads of this scrappy operation that's tamed, through fulfillment, M.'s terrific wanderlust and mind. A dozen scotches later, four smug Manhattan men and their four, patently overdressed, over-coiffed dates made our way round the corner to Craft. iii. CraftWe spent the next four hours pecking at everything on the menu - fat-rolled bacon strips, garlicky hen-of-the-woods, a rich smoked duck, buttery spinach - and getting better acquainted with one another. There was wine, there were martinis. There were jokes, toasts, roasts, and allegedly a groundhog, dismembered and marinated beyond recognition, and consumed. The fellas were exceptionally skilled conversationalists, and dictated a wonderfully jovial, warm and intimate mood - bolstered, no doubt, by their choice of venue; a humble-but-elegant, family-style space done up in inviting earth tones and wood. There was a pleasant waitstaff that good-naturedly tolerated our inebriated, increasingly wild requests, which, at the close, included an off-the-menu dessert tasting menu. The restaurant closed long before we departed, but we never felt rushed, and were instead privy to additional rounds of private digestifs, and, when drowsy and full of limoncello and souffle, a doggie bag of breakfast treats to take home. iv. Aft CraftI was more aglow with top-shelf liqueurs than I'd ever been, and happily conflated the flush of wine with the twitterpated rush of True Love. I fell into his arms; Guy Laroche slipped to the floor. When I boarded the plane in the morning, I was still glutted with Craft's rich meats and dessert wine and the memory of the loveliest last evening imaginable; and thusly, in longing, Shanghai'd.
<review# 516,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2009,5/30/2009,349,349,33,47,47>I feel small in New York all the time.  Whether that has to do with people at work who are distinctly smarter than I, or buildings that are taller than fifty of myself placed one on top of the other, or witnessing people I know buying apartments that I know are well beyond my reach.  So why would I subject myself to the same effect from the spacious setting and super high ceilings of my neighborhood Whole Foods Market?  Here are ten likely reasons.Checkout lines: seriously fast, with the express checkout smartly separated from the slower lines.  Quite a change from Columbus CircleLocal crowd: neighborhood regulars and friendly checkout clerks make for a pleasant shopping experience.Salad bar: well marked.  And I don't fancy chickpeas mixed with shredded carrot, as you might notice in Chelsea.Free samples: especially nice since no one is seemingly watching as I reach for a second helping, as at Trader Joe's.Mini carts: I wonder why they retired them at the Union Square location a few months ago.  Compact and convenient.Organization: by far the best organized Whole Foods location.  I could now do 80-85% of my shopping blindfolded.Upstairs seating: I would guess an average occupancy of less than 10% across my visits to date--go figure.Location: combine with a trip to the quietest Barnes & Noble in town, that is in the same building as Whole Foods.Spacious feel: try visiting during the morning or late evening hours.  You can breeze through the aisles and the checkout.Free mini bags: if you are lucky, you will find two-inch square brown bags at the customer service desk, complete with handles.There are a few evident shortcomings.  The staff is good-natured but not sharp or quick.  The assortment is not as extensive as the Bowery location's.  And you have to watch out for random babies running around, trying to escape from the watchful eyes of their parents in tow.   But then at least that makes me feel big for a change.
<review# 517,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2009,5/29/2009,287,215,15,21,19>We came to Allen and Delancey to celebrate our third wedding anniversary with high hopes, and I'm happy to report they were all exceeded.  The interior manages to be understated while totally gorgeous and incredibly romantic.  Take a cue from UrbanDaddy and sweet-talk your way into reserving table 35 (see pic -- usually only for parties of four, but I'm pleased to report that they make exceptions).The reservation person must have made note when I mentioned it was our anniversary, because in addition to hearing, "we have a special booth just for you," upon entrance, the manager came by moments later with complimentary glasses of bubbly, thanking us for choosing A&D to celebrate our special occasion.  Compared with the aloofness and airs of pretension that often accompany fine dining in NYC, the gesture was refreshing and thoughtful.  This and the attentive, warm and knowledgeable service we received all evening undoubtedly contributed to the superior rating.A relatively new draw to A&D is its well-designed cocktail menu, created  toward the end of 2008 by Death & Co. barkeep Alex Day, one of New York's rising kings of cocktail.  Alex's menu (nrnstandardsandpours.blo…) takes inspiration from a few select spirits / components, and offers two versions of each: "No. 1 is light and festive...meant to refresh the mind and whet the appetite, while No. 2 showcase base spirit...best enjoyed with thought, time and good conversation."  Charming!  Between me and the hubby, I sampled four, my fave being the Tinker's Stand No. 1: Bourbon, Amaro, lemon, honeyed ginger syrup.  Are you drooling yet?  There's something for everyone on the list (except you vodka drinkers, and we all know how I feel about you ;-), and according to Yelp, A&D is offering half-price happy hours on Tuesdays.  If you think about the homemade tinctures, bitters, chilled glasses, proper ice, all along with the blood, sweat and tears that go into making these properly, we could be looking at the best drinks deal in town.We also enjoyed every part of our meal, including well-balanced flavors and at times unexpected ingredient combos.  Plating was impressive in that "I don't want to mess this up but then again, I'm going to demolish it" kind of way.  I will say that you shouldn't expect gargantuan portions but I found them more than adequate, allowing us to comfortably enjoy appetizers and desserts along with our entrees.  Follow Dr. Becca's (and George Clooney's) leads by ordering the whiskey milkshake / choc. PB tart (see pic).We couldn't have asked for a better evening, and if you want a special one of your own, look no further than this LES gem.
<review# 518,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2009,5/28/2009,87,272,34,13,25>There was this painting of 3 black males sitting a park bench. Strangely, the one in the middle had a pink pen15.  (curator) An interesting piece, very interesting.  This is a 1981 piece by DeGrasse.  Some intellectuals have argued that this work demonstrates the agony of the homosexual male yearning to come out of the closet.  Others argue that it is about the repression of the African American male.(me- nodding head, seemingly agreeing)(random dude with Scottish accent) - thats not what it really means.(me) oh? do tell...(Scottish dude) He may be the curator, but Im the artist.(me) go on...(Scottish dude) Well, first of all, those are not African Americans, them are coal miners- and second of all, the one in the middle went home for lunch.True Story.  Oh, and its free after 4 on Fridays.
<review# 519,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2009,5/27/2009,1135,197,13,29,16>For a night I felt like a princess with her prince in a secret underground Italian Castle... THAT is how Bacaro gets down baby! ;o)- Perfect for a romantic date, birthday dinner or a group of friends celebrating a special occasion. - A nicely hidden location off a quiet road in the downtown china town area- You will feel as if your in a castle in the middle of New York City (downstairs seating is a must)- Perfected Italian Tapas & an amazing wine selection.My dining experience at Bacaro is a night to be remembered. I took my "special someone" here on his Birthday and he was beyond surprised and impressed. NOTE TO THE GUYS: You really want to look like you know your shit and impress/romance a lady.. this place is a SCORE!I arrived early to speak to the hostess about getting a nice table for two downstairs and having them set up a specially made birthday cake I had brought for him. She was EXTREMELY helpful. Note: They will charge you $3 per person if you bring your own birthday treat but I just ordered an Italian Ice Cream on their menu to go along with the cake.Tips: GET THERE EARLY! WEEKDAYS ARE BETTER! I arrived only an hour after they opened (they do NOT take Reservations btw). I was able to pick my choice of tables.. but only 30-45 minutes after we seated the place was PACKED! I will be sure to be back and most likely bring my parents. A bit on the pricey side but not crazy. I would suggest this place for special occasions. ;o)
<review# 520,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2009,5/26/2009,394,610,11,19,18>4.5*s! Oooh YES! :0 I happened to have just finished a pretty intense workout in Hell's Kitchen and decided to walk down to the West VIllage to cool off and then grab a simple yet fulfilling dinner! Westville is my ''go to" place where I can guarantee myself a fresh, hearty, home-cooked meal usually involving a hefty load of colorful vegetables.There were always many "Market" vegetables to choose from and you have an option to choose 4 out of the 20 odd so to come in a plate! My favorite thing was the pork chop, so tender, succulent and juicy! @_^ The "Markets" came out on a plate looking like an artist's color palette and it was a very wholesome experience eating all those DELICIOUS garden vegetables...each was prepared in a unique method so my tastebuds was literally on a wonderful culinary adventure! I was sitting next to these girls who ordered the 4 "markets", which already had sweet potato fries in it...it was so good they finished it and had to get another full order of just the fries...and then they devoured the entire thing within minutes! L@@KED YUMMY! .....Must come back for those next time!This place was so tiny so be prepared to wait @ least a 1/2 hour for a table for 2 @ any given day...but it's worth it.. TRUST ME!
<review# 521,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2005,10/12/2005,41,280,,,>Unique, amazing, a highly artistic gathering that will stick in your mind.  Enter into this converted mayonnaise factory and stare into what appears to be a massive drop off onto a lower level, but what really is a water reflection doing a tremendous job playing with light and image.  Enjoy art, concerts, comedy, and other organized events, such as a show for Hurricane Katrina Relief.  I arrived and saw what I would describe as a "body art show," a sort of strip show in which the performer could have been a man or a woman or both, we weren't quite sure.  Galapagos is a true product of Williamsburg.
<review# 522,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2005,10/11/2005,6,8,1,1,1>My cousin told me to check out this place that was about to open on Franklin street in Greenpoint BK.I got excited cause to be honest there are not too many great restaurants in the area that I have not been to tons and tons of times.  Liza Queen the owner is from upstate New York, but she cooks in a southern style.  They serve you bowl of boiled peanuts in vinegar instead of bread.The place is small with only 10 or so table on the inside, but the back yard is expansive and has a dog and a cat roaming around. The menu changes all the time, but the few times I've gone I have never been disappointed.Items range from a pork picnic, to chicken pot pie.  And my favorite starter, hush puppies! The down side is that they only take cash and they don't have their liquor licence, but they do have a 5$ cork fee, so you can BYOB. Be prepared to wait a while, if there is a line, because everything Is made to order and takes a while to simmer.The wait is well worth it, and it's about time there was a great place in Greenpoint, to spend all your hard earned money at!
<review# 523,isUSA=TRUE,2.0,10/9/2005,10/11/2005,72,570,,,>There's something very blah about this particular Old Navy's.  I don't what it is.  Perhaps it's the blaringly loud music.  Or the overly-helpful staff.  I don't know.  They also use to have a huge bargain section in the back that is now gone...or not as big as it was before.
<review# 524,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2005,10/10/2005,22,144,,,>Triple Crown's still relatively new but the word's already pretty much out about this place and deservedly so - it's a pretty cool bar out in Williamsburg that plays good hip-hop/soul/r&b/funky music  but without the pretentiousness of a mega-club.  Because it's developed such a solid rep, or "street cred," to use the parlance of our times, they have a lot of guest DJs including Ali Shaheed Muhammad of Tribe Called Quest fame who often spins on Thurs. nights.  Sometimes there's a cover but it's rarely, if ever, more than $5.  I wish I had more hands so I could give Triple Crown four thumbs up.
<review# 525,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2005,10/9/2005,268,549,,1,2>These puffs are like happy clouds of light cream.   The choux pastry is light and the the visible vanilla beans in the cream isn't too sweet.  Depending on what time of day you stroll by, there might be a line, but it moves fast and it's always worth it.  They introduce new treats occasionally, and they offer new flavors of puffs as a special.  My favorites are still the original and green tea. The staff members are just as cute, light and sweet as the treats they sell.
<review# 526,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2005,10/8/2005,6,100,1,1,>One of Queens' hidden gems! I've been going to this zoo since I was a tot, and I must say, the petting zoo section is just as fun now as it was when I was six. Walking through the zoo itself is a very relaxing, meditative experience, so long as it's not too crowded, which it usually isn't. If you're looking for a mellow, cheaper alternative to the Bronx Zoo, haul your ass to queens for a few hours and check out the cool animals.
<review# 527,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2005,10/7/2005,359,743,,1,1>There are some good times to be had in here! If your cousin is a metalhead who lives around the corner from this place, you're in for some of the same whiskey-loaded fun that I always have at the Raven.  Cheap, strong drinks are my favorite kind, and the bartenders here aren't joking around. The crowd is nicely diverse and free of priss, and it feels kind of like a student/punk/metal version of Cheers.
<review# 528,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2005,10/6/2005,175,122,,,>I give this place 5 stars for it's Wednesday night comedy show.  Hosted by Eugene Mirman and Bobby Tisdale, you can't go wrong for $5.  You get a number of good comics trying out new bits, some are writers for Conan, others you've seen in movies.It's intimate and always a lot of fun; very creative.The bar itself is fun to hang out pre/post show.  I haven't been there on a weekend night, but I bet it pulls in a pretty chill crowd.
<review# 529,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2005,10/5/2005,2,65,,1,1>Kim's Video is like a movie rental store in an independent movie with a quirky staff and interior design. It's all good though, and the staff seems to have somehow memorized every movie ever made. If you are at a loss as to what movie to rent the employees' picks are the best. Now for the really good part, they have movies that you will not find under the same roof anywhere else and they have the cheapest rentals in New York. If you think $1.25 for an older film or TV show, even just released, or $2.00 for a just released film that was in the theaters last month is expensive than there is no pleasing you.
<review# 530,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/27/2005,9/1/2005,224,169,,1,>Rink Bar is located in the ice skating rink at Rockefeller Center, in front of the famous golden statue. It is a NYC hotspot during the summer, especially during happy hour where they have daily specials ranging from $3 beers to $6 Peachtinis. While easy on the wallet, it's also a pain in the ass because it takes forever to get a drink. Ahhh the Big Apple.
<review# 531,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/2/2007,5/18/2007,256,207,7,9,8>I only had a wonton soup, but it was good.  Unlike the standard pork filling these babies had tender shrimp.  Unfortunately, I wanted the standard pork and nobody else's food looked all that attractive to me.I'm timid to check the "good for groups" option because there appeared to only be two tables that were designed to accomodate more than 6 people.  For reference, I ate with the other Yelpers that mention squeezing 11 at said 6-person table.  The wait staff at one point awkwardly and tightly squeeeeezed past our table carrying what appeared to be a huge pot that was filled with old cooking oil.  I could have done without that also.Yelpers rocked though.  Looking forward to the next dinner!
<review# 532,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2006,5/17/2007,276,401,1,15,12>"What's old is also new again with this American bistro. This experience was phenomenal from making reservations to the last good-bye as we walked out the door.The name comes from Christina Rossetti's nineteenth-century poem "Goblin Market," where hideous little men hawk their wares to the ruin of young women.  This could, indeed, ruin the New York restaurant experience for you as it's just head and shoulders above most moderately priced locales.  So nice, so caring is the service that they make you feel like old friends coming over for dinner.  And the space: Charming and quaint with a true old school vibe.While at Goblin Market, try a bottle of the Tempernillo (one of the many fantastic suggestions from our server).  For apps, go for the Shrimp Risotto or Chicken Pot Pie.  For dinner, I would suggest opting for the Bass or the Miso-Glazed Steak.  Actually, the Pork Tenderloin is dreamy as well.  Dessert, it's all about the warm cookie plate or chocolate torte with mint chocolate chip ice cream.
<review# 533,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2007,5/16/2007,80,48,10,12,9>Ayiyiyiyiyiyi!I just wanted to type that.Been here twice. Perfect for a nice occasion because it may make a slight dent in your wallet. You can walk in around 6pm ish and not need a reservation, maybe more plausible for groups of 4 or less, otherwise call ahead! Medium sized, dimly-lit atrium bar leads to large dining room in the back. There is u-shaped booth style seating along one wall, great for groups of 5 ish. This is definitely not a casual dining place but not a cocktail dress night either. Be safe and wear dress pants. or i keeel you. jk. First eye-opener is the bread basket. I realized later it's the same bread that's served at Lucy's Latin Kitchen in Union Sq. Except Lucy's has some unwritten policy of one bread per guest, whereas here you get a basket bonanza! Great unusual dipping sauce. I don't know what the heck is in it but it's a light happy-feeling sauce.  I recommend: Appetizers: Chicharron : a crispy calamari, and the Empanadas (has great lobster filling!)Ceviches: Mariscos: ohh yeah. lobster and shrimp Conchitas: scallops all with great complimentary sides. all has the slightly sour taste, but that's how they all normally taste. mm..Entrees: ( all $19 to mid-$20 ish) i LOVE the Vaca Frita Al Caballo. This is where steak is done right. holy cow. literally. I had the Cordero once which is braised lamb shank. Ehh was not that impressed. It has that applebee's fajitas style serving, u make your own little burritos or whatever, but it was just a lot of work (i don't like to work when i eat, cutting steak is as far as it goes) but i think it came with a mole-type sauce. (smokey black bean(?) type sauce) and i'm not a fan of moles. on people or on my lamb. jk.=)My friend had the Chuleta, pork chop, which was pretty damn good. i tried it when she wasn't looking.  I think you have the option of making it spicy too. all entrees come with sides. i think it's sad when some places don't have sides to accompany the main dish. or maybe i just get greedy. was way too full to try the desserts. which i somewhat regret. waitstaff is great, nothing to complain about, friendly, attentive. place has high ceilings, nice airy feeling, oh and have a mojito, one of the better mojitos i've ever tasted.  i could swear they leave a sugar cane stick in it too. and if you dont know how to enjoy sugarcane, you just bite and suck it. (rawR) don't bite anything off, haha. but bite and suck. enjoy!
<review# 534,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2007,5/15/2007,308,363,10,14,11>Thank you, Serafina, for saving Saturday brunch with my bf and his folks!  My bf's parents were in town to celebrate his birthday and ended up staying at the Marriot Marquis in Times Square.  We wanted to avoid the tourists (who were, for the most part, settling into their Broadway matinees), but still stay in the Midtown area since we were heading to the Apple Store next.  Couldn't for the life of me think of a nice place to eat above 50th Street and east of 7th.  Until *ding ding ding*I remembered Serafina!I had only eaten dinner at Serafina, which was always pretty good.  Really great selection of brick oven pizzas and tons of pastas to choose from.  I figured brunch couldn't be far off the mark either, and it wasn't.  My bf and I opted for brunch - we both ordered the salmon eggs benedict (which is my absolute fave kind of benedict) - and we weren't disappointed.  It came with three eggs atop three english muffins with just the right amount of salmon underneath.  It was a hearty meal indeed.  His parents both ordered pastas (penne w/vodka sauce and another one with chicken & peas...can't remember the name) and enjoyed them, as well.So now I know that Serafina is a good option for meals at either end of the day.  It's also great for large groups (they even have a semi-private room in the back) and it stays open late, so if you're trying to figure out where to go after a Broadway show, you won't be disappointed here.  The ladies' bathroom is cool too b/c they project an old silent movie onto the floor so you can mix some pleasure in with your business.----Update 9.01.07: Don't know if this is a new addition to their brunch bread basket, but I tried their corn muffins for the first time and they are off the hook!!  We even asked for more and ended up bringing some home.  Best idea ever!
<review# 535,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/1/2007,5/14/2007,405,569,21,9,11>Dano, I really like you. You're good-looking, quirky, and make me laugh. When I'm with you, I feel like a better person. Let me be the first to say that you're also an animal in the sack.That's why this isn't easy. I haven't known you very long, Dano, but I just don't think you're the one. Sure, your chicken is tender and seasoned well. But your salad is limp and over dressed, your service is spotty, and your prices are out of control. Sorry Dano. It's not me, it's you.
<review# 536,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2007,5/12/2007,245,505,13,18,22>I know I said my 100th review would be of the K-Town place last night (I promise, it'll be special...), but I couldn't resist reviewing New York Magazine, one of my favorites, especially after I saw Diana B's short-and-syrupy sweet review.Topical and materialistic?  Yes, in many ways and on most pages.  I mean the magazine, not Yelp.  From the ads for Searle and Vuitton to the Strategist section to the Real Estate section at the back.  But hey, New York caters to the wealthy, I always say, so a magazine bearing the city's name must accurately reflect the city, don't you think?  I think.  Time Out NY?  That doesn't reflect New York.  That reflects Williamsburg. But there is no other magazine, that I know of anyway, that examines New York politics and stories like NY Mag does, and that's why I love it so.  it is really a cover-to-cover read.  The Arts section is another reason to love it.  I like the listing of sales that comes right after the Strategist, and the restaurant section is really thorough.  Whenever I have used the section to pick a place for brunch or dinner, the recommendation is spot on and everyone goes away happy.  Last but not least, I love the crosswords by Maura Jacobsen.  They are my favorites because they are somewhat easy, yet I always feel mighty special when I actually finish one, and some of my friends think I'm hot shit for doing them at all!  I do so like to daydream about lottery winnings and how much house they would buy, so I peruse the real estate section often.  It also makes me happy that New York magazine only dedicates one page to social events and not the last 50 or so, like Ocean Drive.  Ugh.  Although NY mag has The Matrix, but i find that really interesting and funny, and I hear myself say things like, "I know, right?"I look forward to getting my New York magazine every week, and wherever I may roam, I will maintain my subscription.  I hope those TONY guys will read this and, for the love of Pete, stop sending me "This is your last chance" crap in the mail.Happy 100!!!!PS - At the risk of losing my "Useful, Funny, Cool" thingies, I wanted to thank all my peeps who congratulated me on my 100th review.  Damn, I love you guys!
<review# 537,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2007,5/11/2007,22,182,21,4,7>Daniel Reviews With a Haiku, Edition #4Yummy rice puddingIt is delicious like crackAnd much cheaper too
<review# 538,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2007,5/10/2007,32,25,10,10,10>Hold me down... There is so much in this small French cafe that I want to put in my mouth!Though at times useless (in a French kinda way) the (FRENCH) staff are pretty friendly and manage the, at times, lengthy cues of salivating customers with efficiency. They didn't know what an "escargot" was and after a lengthy conversation I went to the cabinet and pointed at what I wanted. The French translation for the pastry that I was eying off was............... "danish". Good grief.All the pastries are exceptional and I recommend their sandwiches and baguettes too (I particularly enjoy the Brie and ham). All this and they know how to make a drinkable coffee! This is definitely the place to hit when you've been trawling the stores in SoHo, Lafayette St or Nolita and you need a quick refuel.
<review# 539,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2007,5/8/2007,12,45,6,5,5>I have to agree with all the other posters that this place is the end to all hangovers. Gam mee ok seriously needs to patent sul long tang and package it to duane read as hangover medicine. I'll take a case.  I can't even tell you the countless times I've come to this place after one or fifteen too many drinks and it never fails to cure my drunkenness or hangover.
<review# 540,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2007,5/7/2007,179,230,19,17,17>5 stars because it's 99 cents a slice.5 stars because there's a LOT of pizza much much worse than this that costs a LOT more. you know i'm not lying.5 stars because it's good. but no, in case all you knights of the round table are wondering, it's not the fabuloso holy grail of pizza.5 stars because it doesn't need to be.it's 99 cents a slice and it tastes and feels like pretty good ordinary ny pizza.did i mention it was 99 cents yet?
<review# 541,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2012,12/28/2012,513,164,8,16,12>FIVE PLUS STARS. I came here for the first time shortly before Thanksgiving. Years ago, I used to be a bartender and i used to have a fellow Czechoslovakian customer who would stop here from time to time to buy trays and would bring me a plate of varenykys when he came in. Best customer/regular ever and  I never forgot them.The varenykys (and yes, that's what they are - even though they put "pierogi" on the sign. That's because most people don't know the difference. Varenyky is always boiled while pierogi is usually boiled then fried or baked. This is not pertinent, I'm just giving an FYI).  They are so light, sweet, and delicious sauteed in just the right amount of onion. I drove in and picked up a full tray. They're only 50 cents each how can you beat that?!! While i waited, I got a small cup of the Borscht. To my Eastern European relatives chagrin, I have never been a big fan of the beet ,but this was absolutely amazing. Maybe my grandmother was just a terrible cook after all.The hours are limited. Only weekends and it's easy to walk/pass right on by. Look for the big blue Chiropractor's awning. This little place is worth it! i can't even make these cheaper than what it costs to pick them up from a legit place! And I don't just drive into Manhattan for anything, if you've seen my parallel parking you would know!
<review# 542,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2012,12/26/2012,220,168,4,11,9>I've been here for drinks before - bartenders are friendly and their watermelon martinis are LETHAL, in the best way possible.This time though, we all had a Thrillist brunch coupon which consisted of unlimited booze and an entree for $15 pp - a steal! The food was pretty damn good.Started off with a round of mimosas then our server made some delicious concoction and kept the pitchers flowing with that. I'm not even sure what it was..Tried the..Salmon Burger - Pretty good, a bit greasier than I expected though.Eggplant Fries - YUM. Genius! I love eggplant. Thick yet crispy on the outside and yummy and mushy on the inside.Garlic Fries - Thin, crispy, flavorful. Came with some yummy green sauceCandied Rosemary Bacon - Need I say more??? Perfectly sweet and salty.Others had the burger and flatbread which they enjoyed. So much so, the guy who ordered the burger ordered another one, ha. Ohhh and I don't know what the hell they pickle their pickles in.. but they're so good.. I wanna say they're maple-y ?Without the coupon the prices of the brunch are still good probably ~$12 then add another $20 for unlimited drinks (this includes anything really.. vodka, champagne, wine and beer). Not bad at all!
<review# 543,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2012,12/25/2012,213,367,7,12,6>2, maybe 3 words: [UNNECESSARY] SPICE GALORE.Back in the days when Mission was still the new kid on the block, my roomie sampled some food during the restaurant's private, soft opening for Friends & Family.  However, she didn't immediately rush home and recommend it as the new, must-go place for food.Then the NYTimes "ruined" the restaurant for me by actually recognizing it... PUBLICLY.  (See nytimes.com/2012/07/25/d…).  NOOOOOO......!!!!!! (Darth Vadar style)Mission is now the new "IT" kid on the block, and all hungry restauranteurs are resigned to a wait, sometimes even a 2 hour wait.  But there's the silver lining!  You can drink free beer on tap while you wait!  Enjoy every last drop of your beer.  It'll be the LEAST spicy thing you consume before your taste buds die in a pit of fire.Segway-ing to the food.  I would recommend the Pig Tails (they were hearty, rubbery, so obviously delicious), the Salt Cod Fried Rice (salty salty salty), the ChongQing Chicken Wings (they're just fried chicken, but the batter is amazing), and the Eggplant (no surprise here; I looooooove eggplant).Next time I would like to try the Sizzling Cumin Lamb Breast and the Bollito Misto alla Chinese --- the dish with all the "strange" meats in it --- sounds super yum.Ambiance - super tiny spaces!  If you're not bumping into your dining partner, then you're bumping into the people at the next table.  And if not them, then you're butting heads with the staff trying to maneuver around your inconveniently situated patoot.  I'm kind of used to crowded conditions though, and I actually enjoy it at the right times.  But, if you're one who needs personal space AT ALL TIMES, you might feel a bit claustrophobic here.I get the lure of Mission: nouveau Chinese with charitable undertones.  75 cents from every entree served is donated to the Food Bank for New York City.  Thus, I would gladly come here with friends if they're on a Mission (ha!).  But personally, if I'm craving unnecessarily spicy, Americanized Chinese food, I'd go that empty space in my apartment that I call "the kitchen" and whip up a mean mapo tofu and drink a bottle of sriracha with it.I'm wavering between a 3 or 4 star rating... but I'm feeling quite charitable today (zing!) toward this charitable restaurant ... so I will give it 4 stars!  Whoop whoop.
<review# 544,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2012,12/24/2012,1806,1048,5,12,7>Jin Ramen, you have made my search for that medium-boiled egg a bit more fulfilled ever since I moved here.  An extra egg is in order for the next time I come here....When it comes to ramen, the broth and noodles are definitely important factors to decide whether I like the place or not.  More importantly, the egg says it all for me.  I love my medium-boiled eggs to be somewhat oozing with goodness, which Jin Ramen satisfied me for the first time in awhile!  Too bad they only give you half of the egg....For appetizers, my friend and I ordered the chicken karaage, which was delicious and juicy.  It was sadly a small portion that came out with small 6 pieces for $6 but what can I expect out of NY.  Nowhere has huge portions unless you pay big bucks for it.  I ordered the spicy tonkatsu ramen which came with delicious fatty pork slices.  It was DEFINITELY way better than Ippudo and for some reason, Jin Ramen hit my spot more than Totto that day.  Maybe I was deprived of good food after staying up late for countless of hours due to my exams that week.I enjoyed the wooden decor of the ramen joint.  It was something that I did not expect in the middle of West Harlem.  More like it should belong in Astor Place next to Ippudo for competition :PDon't worry Orenchi Ramen.  My heart is still with you from across the country.  I will have you in about a month!! :D
<review# 545,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2012,12/23/2012,391,841,6,7,7>Surprisingly pricey for Chinatown, especially considering how  tiny the shop it is, but it is definitely worth paying for on occasion.  No seating, and pretty much always busy. The line goes quick but it can get pretty packed in here on a warm weekend day.Love the Zen butter (peanut butter and sesame). Good alternative to the black sesame which can be a little intense at times (but is awesome in milkshake form). Almond cookie is light and simple. Taro and Lychee are always favorites.Expect evil eyes from me if you are caught ordering chocolate or vanilla.
<review# 546,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2012,12/22/2012,1117,776,3,7,7>I order lunch here all the time when I'm working.  They have great Chinese and Japanese food ... not just one or the other, they are both actually quite good.  They also have some items that aren't on the menu but can make for you, i.e. steamed bok choy w/garlic.Everytime I've gone into eat the place has never been packed, which leads me to believe that they make most of their money on delivery.  I haven't ordered anything that I didn't like from here even items as simple as their avocado rolls.  Not to mention that they lunch special prices make things more worth it.Oh, and when I dine-in the employees are overly nice.  Not knowing how big the dishes were we ordered quite a bit of food.  While ordering the server told us that we were ordering a lot, and tried to explain the size of each dish for us.  It was very nice of him and let us know that he isn't just trying to take our money.  In the end he helped us order the perfect amount of food.I must note though that when getting delivery from here it is best to go through seamless or grubhub or whatever other site.  That way you've already paid for your food and all you have to do is sign the delivery paper and move on.  The reason being that when I first started ordering from here the delivery guy was very rude and would hassle me for more tip.  And no, I am not a bad tipper, but he ALWAYS wanted more.  So unless you're the kind of person that tips $5+ for all orders, it is best to just pre-pay for everything, tip included.
<review# 547,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2012,12/21/2012,583,242,15,17,15>For my 200th review: Grey Lady - Nantucket comes to the Lower East Side.With a prominently seafood inspired menu, The Grey Lady hits a home run. For those of you who don't know, the Grey Lady is the nickname of Nantucket because of the amount of fog around the island. However, there's nothing foggy about this new LES restaurant, as they've hit the New England nautical theme on the head. Fresh daily oyster selections and an excellent lobster roll are the headliners, but this place has a lot going for it. Excellent service, a great bar space, and killer drinks just to name a few. The atmosphere is laid back yet very welcoming. The ladies and I headed over here for a Sunday Funday brunch*. We had an Urban Daddy deal that scored us each a lobster roll and unlimited drinks... Sunday Funday for sure! The space has a big open feel to it with lots of light streaming in, perfect for a Sunday Funday boozy brunch.Our waitress (now our homegirl) Mary was the only server on brunch duty and still managed to do an excellent job keeping up with everyone's requests and making sure we constantly had full cocktails. In short, she was amazing (I promised her a shout out!) The oysters were excellent as was the fresh watermelon and feta salad that we split. The lobster roll was unreal. Granted it is $25 but there was so much lobster falling out of the fresh brioche roll that I had to eat some with a fork before I could dive into my first bite. It also had minimal mayo - a prerequisite for an excellent L-roll** Another friend had the grilled cheese and was impressed. They also have traditional egg and french toast selections for brunch as well. I'd also love to come back for dinner sometime and check out the fresh fish selections. All in all we had a lovely afternoon here, leaving full and happy. Also pretty drunk... thank you unlimited drink deal & very cute bartender!!*Side Note: One of these lovely ladies absolutely HATES the LES and trekked all the way over there from the UWS for the first time in about 3 years due to the prospect of this lobster roll and Nantucketish scene. **The anti-LES friend is also very anti-mayo. She even owns a No Mayo tee shirt (don't worry she didn't wear that to Grey Lady).
<review# 548,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2012,12/20/2012,1368,622,54,27,39>Raise your hand if when you look at the Chrysler Building:-You think of Art Deco -You think of Mad Men-You think of the 1930s-You think of the Great Depression-You think of your grandparents and them ultimately saying "back in my day..."-You think of gangsters-You think of any time period that hasn't been within the past forty years-You think of Sex and the City (hello, Mr. Big!)-You think of Batman-You think of Gotham-You think of Superman-You think of Metropolis-You think of gargoyles-You think of eagles-You think of pineapples-You think of The Sorcerer's Apprentice-You think the Chrysler PT Cruiser is the ugliest car ever-You think this is the most beautiful building of the Manhattan skyline-You think dear God, the new buildings in this city suck in comparison-You think wow, this really used to be the tallest building in the world at one point-You still think that the PT Cruiser is and will always be the ugliest car everI think that covers everything...
<review# 549,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2012,12/19/2012,444,306,7,8,8>I was here for the tail end of a day-long bachelorette party that started with a trip to several Long Island vineyards. By that time, I was pretty tired and had had my fill of drinking. But I was pleasantly surprised by the vibe of this restaurant/ lounge. I'd be lying if I said I could remember exactly what I ate because truth be told, the bachelorette party was a few years ago.What I can remember vividly was the enchanting decor that made me feel like I was Egypt, leisurely dining on yummy food (I think I had the tagine, but again I'm not positive) while enjoying some fun entertainment. As a latin and ballroom dancer myself, I have a deep appreciation for all types of dance. And since I did at one point begin taking belly dance classes (until my salsa instructor told me it would interfere with her teachings, but that's another story), I was all the more enthralled by the beauty with which Casa La Femme's dancers executed what I consider to be one of the most beautiful dances there is. I had mentioned the vibe earlier. It's difficult to put into words, except to say that your time at Casa La Femme will be a sensory experience from the moment you walk in. In the main dining room, the central seating area sits on a slightly sunken level, with a large fire pit serving as the focal point of the whole restaurant. Flanking this area on an elevated level are tables partially covered in organza-white tents, with hand-laid glass tiles on the floors and authentic Egyptian woodwork adorning the walls. The restaurant is filled with the smells of herbs and meats cooking, and though your dining companions are obviously super fun people, you'll enjoy the distraction when the music is pumped up and those dancers get out into the dining room, engaging men and women alike to create a communal sense of celebration. The one thing that marred my experience had nothing to do with the restaurant - I somehow managed to totally get screwed into paying $100 in a table of, like, 10 girls, even though I had an appetizer and entree with no drinks at all. Again, not the restaurant's fault, but when I do return, I'll be paying with cash ... and going with a smaller group.
<review# 550,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2012,12/18/2012,3180,1035,7,12,6>I came here with one of those rare Groupons that seems too good to be true: $49 for two appetizers, two entrees and a dessert. I did a double-take when I bought it, as it includes all of the expensive steaks from the menu (except for the steaks for two).Naturally, I went for the Filet Mignon, which was $45 itself, practically the entire value of the Groupon. This was an excellent piece of meat. They also bring the piece of meat over to you for you to observe and approve it right before they start cooking it in the open kitchen near the back of the restaurant. The delicious scent of meat permeates through the whole restaurant, which just makes you salivate for your meal to start.We also got the Prime & Beyond Signature Burger (normally $15). This was one of the best burgers I've had - nice and simple, with a very sizable (7 oz.) patty on a buttery brioche bun, with a slice of American cheese. Probably one of the best no frills burgers available in the city. My only beef was with the fries, which were sparse both in quantity and flavor (very potato-y, but not in a good way, with not that much crisp).For appetizers, we got the Zesty Duck (normally $11), which comes with 7 or 8 delicious pieces of thinly sliced duck over some refreshing arugula, and the Prime & Beyond Filet Mignon Salad (normally $15, and $3 additional with the Groupon). This was another refreshing appetizer, with a couple strips of tasty filet mignon and some avocado.For dessert, we chose the Melted Caramel Cheese Cake with crystal sea salt (normally $8). I never really like cheesecake, but this was incredible. The combination of the thick, sticky caramel and the creamy cheesecake with saltiness added on top made this one of my favorite desserts.The atmosphere in here is also great, very dark and good for a nice date. The service was excellent, with very friendly wait staff, and lots of Koreans, which is always a plus when you are at a Korean establishment.I'll definitely be back, even without a Groupon, maybe for a quick solo meal, since the menu isn't particularly extensive, and there isn't so much more I need to try - but I do need to try that Burger Rice dish, which looks awesome.
<review# 551,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2010,10/31/2010,170,236,19,19,18>Bathe me in butter and I'll die happy. Obese...but happy.Interesting fact: Red Hook is the only part of New York City that has a full frontal view of the Statue of Liberty, which was oriented to face France, the country which donated the statue to the United States following the centennial of the United States.Red Hook is difficult to venture to via public transportation and so I've listed a few reasons as to why you should visit:1) Red Hook Lobster Pound2) IKEA3) Baked4) To see a full frontal of Ms. Liberty5) Al Capone's birthplaceStill not convinced? Wow, you're hard to please. It's okay, I'm the same way.The lobster rolls sold at RHLP include CHUNKS of lobster, more so than Luke's (which I gave 3 stars). You can order the rolls 1 of 2 ways: 1) Maine Style (cold w/light mayo) 2) Connecticut Style (warm w/drizzled butter). The Maine Style is very refreshing and light...a good unexpected surprise. The Connecticut Style is a bit heavier most likely because of the butter and for some reason made me feel very lethargic after consuming the roll. I would recommend the OG style - Maine.Each roll goes for a solid $15 and in my opinion is worth every penny.Also, right when you walk in there are 2 HUGE tubs filled with lobster that you can taunt. Open, close, open, close...open, close.If you haven't had a heart attack after finishing the roll, walk down the street to Baked and try their infamous vanilla cupcake with a cup o' joe.
<review# 552,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2010,10/29/2010,174,105,30,19,21>I like meat. But occasionally I'll want a vegetable, like an avocado* the size of a small bear. So when the waitress arrived, I promptly crumpled up the menu and threw** it into her face. "You will bring me your finest market produce." [Homage to Peter D] Westville is known for affordable, simply prepared comfort food. The most popular dish is the choice of four market sides for $13. I ordered: * Lemon Grilled Asparagus with Parmesan * Sauteed Kale with Shallots and White Wine * Artichoke Hearts with Parmesan * Brussel Sprouts with Honey Dijon Delicious and nourishing, Westville's vegetables: nature's candy. My carnivorous dining companions however opted for a duo of proteins: a juicy breast of chicken on a bed of greens, and a succulent sole with crabmeat, calling to mind...an unctuous David Chang. A chilled bottle of Rose served as liquid appetizer, reasonably priced at $28. Perplexingly, the curvature of the chilled bottle also reminded me of an unctuous David Chang. [For Chris H, his other half] For affordability, use of seasonal, fresh ingredients, and the lively yet relaxed atmosphere: a solid four stars. Miscellaneous: 1) A note about the bathroom. For bladder relief, the journey through the pocket sized kitchen (five line cooks, stoves ablazing) to the closet sized restroom (clown car) is a perilous one if not comical. Part Double Dare obstacle course, part Top Chef Quick Fire Challenge, be swift and nimble if you want to keep your eyebrows. 2) Now open.  Westville: Chelsea (18th between 7th & 8th). Clearly a testament to their well deserved success. 3) "He's like...my Yelp soul mate." Dear Siegfried & Roy, this was in tribute to your artfully unique writing styles. I'm a fan. And though forbidden love is unfortunate, may your bond last through the internet ages. ____________________________________________ *Yes I'm aware an avocado is a fruit not a vegetable. **And by "threw" I meant politely handed.
<review# 553,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2009,10/28/2010,142,211,14,15,16>Lao Bei Fang is a blissful hole-in-the-wall dumpling/noodle shop in Elmhurst. To find it, just follow the scent of beef bouillon broth, scallions, soy sauce and star anise, which is kinda like Beijing in a bottle. I mean seriously! Lao Bei Fang has cracked the code in reproducing the faint smell that permeates the capital of the People's Republic. It's a distinctive "Chinese-Chinese food" smell, one that breathes authenticity. Pungent. Soy. Sweet. Anise. Delicious.But enough about smells.The beef noodle soup is amazingly simple, with a rich broth, tender slices of fatty meat, and hand-pulled Lanzhou style noodles. For less than $5 for a huge bowl, it's an experience that no one should forgo.The namesake dumplings themselves do not disappoint. $1.25 for 4! Medium doughy-ness, fried to a crisp on one side, soft and chewy all the way through, with the most amazing pork/chive filling inside. In my quietest of moments, I sometimes ponder the perfection that is Lao Bei Fang dumplings. How do they get them to be so good? The balance of crunch and chewiness. The saltiness of the pork, with the onion flavor of the scallions. All contrasted with the vinegar, soy sauce and chili dipping sauces. Yeah, they're THAT good.Food aside: the entire experience of eating in inside what is no more than a dirty take-out window is quite fun, if you come with an adventurous attitude. The husband and wife owners bicker endlessly throughout the night: he rolls out the noodles with loud thaps, and she barks orders to the kitchen and to customers. Place is crowded more with an Asian clientele, and you definitely have to bark to be heard.But the food is worth it.
<review# 554,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2010,10/27/2010,225,194,11,21,13>The door may be tougher than Fort Knox but it's like the Garden of Eden inside.Provocateur knows who their key client is and definitely caters to women.  It is comprised of two distinct nightlife settings: nightclub and lounge.  The former makes maximal use of the outdoor garden space with a retractable glass roof.  Inside there are photos murals depicting rooms from a dollhouse, stripper poles, and a luminescent pair of angel wings juxtaposed behind a black catwalk which is perfect for a "Zoolander" style walk-off.  They have also consulted with some famous skincare guru for their cocktail menu.  Each drink contains vitamins, niacin, and other detoxifying ingredients so you can drink for your beauty. Probably one of the top 5 clubs at the moment.It's about time that the Gansevoort Hotel did something right!
<review# 555,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2010,10/26/2010,681,925,10,11,11>Ahh, corporate America.  There was no need to worry about ordering off the prix fixe menu because the team was celebrating the send-off of a major deliverable.  It seems that business and "power" dinners always take place at a steakhouse.  Due to the near-extinction of Wall Street power lunches and corporate accounts, Delmonico's must stand out in terms of the high-quality service offered and food prepared. To be honest, I've never been impressed with midtown and downtown steakhouses - the food isn't very good and it is very much a "boys club."  Delmonico's is no exception in the atmosphere department.  It was extremely evident that this is where the movers and shakers of Wall Street closed deals.  It was also evident that those times are long gone; the markets unraveled, and our team was seated in a mostly-vacant restaurant.  Even more ironic, the team dined at Delmonico's the same week the Wall Street sequel came out.As an appetizer, I ordered the scallops in sweet corn pudding.  The scallops were juicy and not gritty.  As a main course, I ordered the angry red snapper.  Not sure what makes snapper so angry - credit default swaps perhaps?  (Bad joke, sorry!)  It was a large portion, albeit a bit salty, and the spaghetti squash that came as a side was super-buttery.  For dessert, I ordered the baked alaska, one of Delmonico's signature dishes.  Although the contrast in temperatures was not pronounced, I enjoyed the contrast in textures (whipped, porous, creamy, and spongy) and consistencies (light and airy, heavy and rich).In summary, Delmonicos was surprisingly good for a steakhouse; exceeding my fairly low expectations.
<review# 556,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2010,10/25/2010,349,349,26,35,31>Curry Hill attracts a multiethnic crowd, but most notably the Indian derivatives and their visitors from far lands, the men flaunting baggy Wrangler shorts that amply wrap around their skinny legs, no doubt raised on a steady diet of street food "back in the day" in Bombay.  Against this backdrop, Bhojan has the best 'Indian street food and beyond' in New York.The pav bhaji is superlative.  The buns are a distraction, but the vegetable mash couldn't have been better if it was flown in from Bombay.  The chaats conjure up memories of bhelpuri stalls outside colleges in India.  Bhojan also excels in bread--try the aloo gobi paratha, the methi thepla or the chole bature, to name a few kinds.  The drinks and teas are authentic -- notably the fresh lemon pani and the chais.  And to top it all, the prices are reasonable.On the flip side, Bhojan seems severely short-staffed.  The servers, one of them a spitting image of Sourav Ganguly, the Indian cricketer, were friendly even if thinly spread and only occasionally seen, as they maneuvered their way around the closely-spaced tables and the token unruly diners in the main seating area in the back.In summary, Bhojan squarely fills the need for high quality Indian street food in New York.  So go get your loose-fitting Wranglers, optional pair of sneakers and Ray Bans, and give Bhojan a try.
<review# 557,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2010,10/24/2010,786,1284,27,26,22>whoever hates on this place is an absolute weirdo. yeah... i SAID IT!!!! weirdo. how anyone could dislike Re/Dress is something i could never comprehend. great prices, cute dressing rooms, helpful and amazing staff- this place cannot go wrong. i hope it stays here forever. usually, shopping for me can get a little frustrating. i happen to be a person who knows what cuts, seams and styles look best on me... but it doesn't mean those things are easily obtainable. i like having a place where i can find dozens and dozens of pieces without getting annoyed! my problem is that my body type isn't big enough for typical Plus Size clothing stores... but i'm not small enough for the Regular Size clothing. so where do i stand? ugh. from a HUGE rack to PANCAKE-butt, i just can't win. well, yes i can. @ Re/Dress. vintage, trendy and actually flattering/not--so-matronly-looking threads... i love it here! this is your go-to spot for last minute outfit shopping or if you want to spend an afternoon sifting through the racks. either way, i never leave this place without trying on 10-20 outfits. the buy/sell/trade portion on Re/Dress is sensational, too. the turnaround is about 30-40 mins depending on how much stuff you have. however, i will recommend only bringing small amount at a time in case they don't want to buy a lot of your stuff. it's depressing and you have to lug that crap all the way home. well, unless you plan on donating it right then and there!p.s.i once came in here and fell in love with the whole ensemble a mannequin was rockin'. i was drooling over the leopard print dress with the red bolero and i kept inching my way to the mannequin for only god knows how many times. i was about to leave the store when one of the staff ladies asked if i would like to try it on. i bashfully declined. she said it wouldn't be any trouble at all to strip the whole mannequin NAKED. wow... that turned me on. so, i ended up trying it on. it looked so marvelous, i swear the other staff members who saw me come out of the dressing room almost shed a tiny tear. ah... how good it feels to look so damned hot. muahaha.
<review# 558,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2010,10/23/2010,794,428,21,16,18>"Lisa, please just take a bite of your burger," my friend implored while he writhed in pleasure. He added, 'it's just so juicy, so-so-so juicy," as his eyes got misty. "These fries are really flavorful, I don't even need ketchup," I crunched away and sipped my Arnold Palmer, ignoring his fits of rapt ecstasy--- I've had a shack burger before at the Madison location, I remembered it was above average but nothing ridiculous. Certainly not amazing enough to merit the look of ethereal joy on my friend's face. My other companion ate in silent reverence. Occasionally, he'd look up at me and offer some of his peanut butter milkshake. It was so rich and thick I thought I'd have a stroke (a stroke of amazerbladez). It wasn't overly sweet and the peanut butter caressed and coated every crevice in my mouth. Mmmmmm.Soon though, the siren song of that beautiful burger with fresh, juicy plum tomatoes, a glistening beef patty, melted American cheese, and crisp lettuce on a soft potato bread bun mesmerized me into taking it into my mouth.HEARTBEAT.I experienced synesthesia with the first bite.HEARTBEAT.Burger juices ran down my wrists and onto my coat sleeves.HEARTBEAT.I couldn't stop to use a napkin.HEART PALPITATIONS.The potato bun was chewy and turned instantly sweet on the tongue--- ahhh, the joy of digesting simple carbohydrates with your saliva. The slight saltiness and succulence of the beef teased my taste buds until they begged for release. My tongue vibrated with pleasure as if Deborah Voigt was singing an A directly into my mouth. The expression on my face was filled with so much emotion and gratitude that my friend couldn't bring himself to say, "I told you so." We all looked at each other and smiled and smiled and smiled and smiled.
<review# 559,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2010,10/22/2010,121,307,9,22,12>As an honorary italiano (self proclaimed), I have developed a serious love for the food here.  Italian food, both imported and fresh, as far as the eye can see, stretching for what seems like forever and winding through a maze that you never want to end.  Seriously, chocolate section, shelves of honey, shelves of fruit preserves, dried pasta section, fresh pasta station, meat butchers, vegetable butchers, seafood station, pizza station, wine section, cheese station, pasta sauce galore!  I got a ravioli with prosciutto and parmesan and it was INCREDIBLE.  After the pasta cooked, the meat juices from the prosciutto melted into the ravioli, and so there was a nice little burst of meaty soup in every bite.  (it actually kind of reminded me of soup dumplings) mmm.. nam nam nam namAnd as a certified cheapskate, my wallet has developed a serious love for the prices here.  $4 ball of FRESH mozz, $3 for that portion of freshly made ravioli with prosciutto and parmesan.  Need I say more?  And yeah as a realist, I can see how it can get hectic here with the windy aisles, haughty and hangry* clientèle, and random checkout lanes that can't be found.  BUT, that's a very very small price to pay IMO for the land of affordable deliciousness everywhere*hungry and angry
<review# 560,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2010,10/21/2010,1651,2742,13,33,30>Located on the 2nd floor toward the back of Flushing Mall, Joong Han Boon Sik (or "Chinese-Korean Noodles Dumpling") is proof of two things:  1)  Some of the best food in Flushing is found in a mall and 2)  It's not in the food court.  With such good food, this is the kind of Asian fusion worth trying.Unlike most Asian fusion places, there is no pretension here, as it's a small food stall tucked away from the rest of the competition.  Even the staff here is able to communicate in both languages.  The owner tells me she's from the Dongbei ("Dongbaek" in Korean) region of China, a northeast section of the country that is home to many ethnic Koreans.Dumplings are their main staple here, all made fresh and in several meat and vegetable varieties.  Along with that are a nice selection of noodle dishes that complement the dumplings perfectly.  Throw in a small side like their kimchi napa cabbage and the stage for a delicious meal is set.Though I enjoy all of their dumplings, the ones that personally stand out most are the steamed "Four kinds dumpling" (Mandarin:  Si Zhong Jiao Zi /  Korean: Nae Suhn Mool Mahn Doo), which are filled with sea cucumber, egg, pork, and shrimp.   The skin might seem doughy but is usually just thin enough to retain the juicy innards that make each bite delectable and savory.  18 of these dumplings can be had for between $6.50-8.50 depending on the filling and for another $7.50 a giant bowl of cold Korean noodles (Chinese:  Zhong Han Leng Mian / Korean:  Jong Han Myun) can be had to complete the effect.  On a whole, the food is simple, fresh, reasonably priced,  and above all, delicious.Dumpling lovers who are looking for a different alternative to the Northern Chinese dumplings, should venture to Flushing Mall, where the "best dumpling" debate has only become more heated.
<review# 561,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2009,6/29/2009,85,223,11,24,21>Highline Park, Section One opens Tuesday, June 9th, 2009. Section One covers the area from Gansevoort to 20th Street, near 10th Ave. Park hours are 7am to 10pm. Access will be limited during peak hours.Today (June 8th) was the press preview day, and I got to see a sneak peak sans big crowds.  The website photos of the new Highline Park do not do it justice. The 8 or so blocks of completed park combine traces of the historic 1930s ironwork railings and sections of vintage railroad tracks with sleek modern design, including neon-lit underpasses beneath hulking concrete buildings and horizontal buttresses that seem to dissolve into gravel. My favorite section of the park has cleverly designed wooden lounge chairs. Some are permanent fixtures, big enough for a large group of friends to sprawl out -- others are individual chairs set on wheels that roll along one of the preserved sections of railroad track. Highline visitors can pull themselves away to some privacy, or roll up next to another chaise for more intimate conversation.  Very smart!There's a sleekly designed ampitheatre with a picture window overlooking  an intersection in the meatpacking district. Even better -- the descending levels are interspersed with a ramp, so it's wheelchair friendly!One block-long section on the west side is a functioning fountain of sorts, with running water cascading over the concrete. Benches line the east side of that section, so park visitors can take their shoes off and get their feet wet. Of course, this is cute on opening day but I suspect the 3000th visitor to tempt fate is going to catch something that makes them smell like the old Fulton Fish Pier in August. (It may also explain the no-dogs rule.)The Highline is a park unique to NYC, and unique from other parks we have here. I've never seen anything quite like it. If you lean on a railing overlooking the street below, don't be surprised if someone yells to you -- "Hey! How do we get up there!?" And if that happens, point 'em south to Gansevoort Street. For now, that's the only entrance.Exits are available at 14th, 16th, 18th & 20th Streets. Elevator / wheelchair  access at 16th Street. Section Two of Highline Park will run from 20th to 30th Streets and is slated to open in 2010. The 3rd section of track, from 30th to 34th Streets is owned by CSX train corporation and they haven't decided yet to allow park planners to continue the growth of the highline for the full length of track. But don't be too hard on 'em -- they did donate the other 18 blocks of elevated property to the city of New York for this project.
<review# 562,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/7/2008,6/28/2009,106,76,13,16,16>I love fluffy, creamy desserts. I'm loud, I'm proud, I'm lactose-challenged and un-cowed. So imagine my giddiness upon discovering Kyotofu's offering of soy milk soft-serve. With chocolate covered puffed barley bits!Though the texture of the dessert was spot-on, as pillowy as I dream of soft-serve forever being, the flavor was distinctly beany. Beany in a huh? way. In a I-really-wish-I-craved-this-but-I-think-I'll-just-­let-it-melt way. I'm no stranger to beans in dessert. But unlike the deliciousness of che ba mau, banh cam, 8 treasures sticky rice -- desserts that keep the integrity of the bean intact, here, the bean is disguised as something texturally sublime but whose flavor is wholly unsupported by its accompanying ingredients.I appreciate that Kyotofu's desserts are only mildly sweet. But it is my sneaking suspicion that Kyotofu's chocolate desserts, like many Chinatown/Asian-ish chocolate desserts, don't work because they fail to apprehend the rich and lasting mouthfeel of what makes great chocolate ... chocolate.
<review# 563,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2009,6/27/2009,104,136,14,21,20>Maine I don't know you well, we've never met, but I've felt you. Walking into Ed's Lobster Bar I felt the chilled breeze off your rocky shores from the Atlantic Ocean prickle across the nape of my neck. I felt the peace of simplicity. Beautiful white walls, tan wooden furniture contrasted only by the delightful array of colors displayed on every plate. Real Crab, Real Lobster not the bland artificial unauthentic tasteless dribble most restaurants like to include in their dishes. The crab artichoke dip was chock full of hearty pieces of crab complimented by buttered triangles of crust less bread. My Lobster Ravioli was deemed the best dish which is quiet telling, because it's competition included the most delectable pan seared scallops that have ever touched my palette (think fillet mi-non in scallop form), and a whole Homarus Americanus surrounded by clams, mussels and baby potatoes. I'm sure there's no fancy mixologists over in New England and none at Ed's either. Instead you get home made blueberry infused vodka with fresh squeezed lemonade as an amazing cocktail or lobster ale. After one of the best meals I've had in a very long time I was too full to try their signature Blueberry Creme Brulee, but I'll be back to try one of their daily specials soon: Mon- All You Can Eat Mussels $15 Tues- $2 Oysters Weds - Johns Big Night (The owners special menu) Thurs- Surf and Turf $35 Fri- Lobster Fra Diavlo $25 Sat - Fish & Chips M/P Sun- CLAM BAKE $33
<review# 564,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2008,6/26/2009,236,41,41,18,22>Damn it feels good to be a gangsta- even if it's only for the 3 minutes it takes to order and consume a portion of cajun fries.Oh, Bedford-Stuyvesant.  There's something oddly charming about speaking to a cashier through a bulletproof glass wall and doing the money-food exchange through a tiny bulletproof turnstyle while sirens are screaming in the background.  One can't help feeling hardcore.  I quell the urge to lie to the teenage punks behind me and say: "Those cops are after me, yo.  Oh what, you don't believe me?  You don't KNOW ME, son. I am THE REASON that Crown Fried Chicken put this pane of glass up."  It's a very special moment for a 5'2" girl.  And when I walk away from the building, tearing my teeth into a piping hot pizza roll, it makes all those years of awkward asian orthodontry worthwhile.   I am one with my neighborhood. I am a baller.  I am Bed-Stuy.
<review# 565,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2009,6/25/2009,288,183,32,23,30>C ake baked in tiny cupsU nless you're an imbecile, you'll love theseP retend they're low-fat, you'll enjoy them more that wayC ould my mouth be any happier?A nticipate eating more than oneK iss is what you'll want to do to these bakersE ven if you have a girlfriend and are completely faithful and would  never consider another woman even if she was on the list of people you could have a one time fling with and suffer no consequences but you know there would be anyway even though you both promised there wouldn't.Cupcake.
<review# 566,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2008,6/24/2009,128,106,38,14,19>The stock market just took a dive. I will NOT buy clothes. I will NOT buy clothes. I will . . . oh, is that a cashmere sweater? Oh, a wrap sweater, even? In purple, hmmm - that's the in vogue color right now, isn't it? I'll just try it on to confirm how . . . oh, it's really nice. Let's have a gander at the price tag, shall we? Hey, $20, not bad for a brand new sweater. But I just CAN'T . . . oh, it's 30% off today? Well, I do declare. People need sweaters in economically hard times, yes they do. Morale - it's good for morale! Let me just ask the cashier what she thinks . . . .
<review# 567,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2008,6/23/2009,248,561,15,18,18>I think all of my friends are tired of hearing my Gramercy Tavern stories (I need some new friends).  I mean, to name a few, there's the foie gras story, the Danny Meyer story, the Terry story, the "level up" story, and now there's Dessertstravaganza featuring James Carville.Before this summer, I'd never really taken the time to sit in the Tavern Room and enjoy what it had to offer, but since I went to Gramercy nine times (all Restaurant Week related dines) during July, August, and September, it was inevitable that I would eat through the Main Dining room menu and have to start sampling the Tavern.And what can I say?  Everything has been fabulous, even super-fabulous.  My favorites are the scallops (the best ones I've ever eaten) and the mushroom lasagna.  I know you're thinking, "What?  Mushroom lasagna?"  And I'm saying, "When have I ever led you wrong?  Shut up and order it!"Also, I have become a huge fan of pastry chef Nancy Olson.  I mean, she had me at Grand Marnier cheesecake last winter, but really won me over with the Bacon Chocolate Tart and Corn Ice Cream Sundae this summer, then sealed the deal this fall with the Sticky Toffee Pudding with Figs.It's from this love of Nancy Olson that Dessertstravaganza was born.  My dream is to go with ten of my friends and sample all of her desserts.  I had hoped to do this on Election Day since I had the day off.  Sadly, only two of my friends were available, but we did ourselves proud.  After getting the soup and sandwich special for $14, downing two drinks each, and seeing James Carville, we ordered four desserts: apple pie, chocolate bread pudding, pumpkin upside-down cake and the sticky toffee pudding.  We did not talk while we were eating.  At one point, one of my favorite people in the world came over to see if we were enjoying our food (Hi, Scott!), and we only answered him with grunts of happiness. So I'm still waiting to do a real Dessertstravaganza...and also I love Gramercy Tavern very, very much.  Let's go for lunch.
<review# 568,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2009,6/20/2009,266,248,21,19,19>I'm from New England. I know clam chowda. I know lobsta. I know potatoes (Maine potatoes, SCREW YOU IDAHO). I know how to cook a partridge (wrapped in bacon). I know how to cook a trout (wrapped in bacon). As a young lad, I once field-dressed a deer (surprisingly, not wrapped in bacon).Needlesstosay, I don't know fried chicken beyond KFC. So take the next statement for what it is:Piece of Chicken has the best fried chicken I've ever had.$1 dollar for a savory piece of chicken served up by some of the friendliest people around. The sides are delicious, but I usually go with a couple legs with a side of a thigh, or some wings with a side of a leg, if you catch my drift.
<review# 569,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2008,6/19/2009,786,1284,21,18,20>don't take me here... you will have to roll me out like "Violet" from Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory. i go to town on the pastries, breads, snacks, drinks and bento boxes. the matcha lattes are addicting and melon buns puts my soul at ease. pricing is decent... it's definitely a great spot for a quick and inexpensive bite to eat in midtown. i loves it. be careful of the lines, though... people will get antsy if you take too long to decide what to get. you'll get the hang of it--- i'm still not a PRO yet, but with much determination... my fat a$$ will conquer my "line-anxieties" soon! =)
<review# 570,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2008,6/18/2009,19,21,41,19,25>I can't find enough good words to review this place... so I'm going to let you do it, mad libs style. Ready? Okay.Holy (expletive)! This place is (expletive)(adjective)! Seriously. If you don't (verb) here, you're a (noun with negative connotation). Firstly, the buffalo steak is (adjective). And, really, I'm not just saying that. I can't think of many (plural noun) that are that (adjective). It was enough to make me want to (verb) right there, on the table. The same can be said about the (adjective) lamb, and the Bridge Cafe Salad... though normally I (verb) blue cheese. The staff is (adverb)(adjective), (adjective), (adjective) and (adjective). In fact, some of them are so (adjective) that there are times where you want to stand right up and (verb) them. But I digress. And while some might say the prices are (adjective), those folks can (verb) a (noun). The portions are (adjective) enough to choke a (collective noun) of (plural noun). Even the desserts and cappuccinos are (adverb)(adjective). In short, you should (verb) here. Today. But you don't have to take my word for it.
<review# 571,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2006,7/25/2006,13,51,3,8,5>From the creaky stairs to overflowing shelves of obscure books, this store has a better aura than the Strand.  And then, to top it, it's a cafe.  And a laid back, pleasant cafe at that. With organic tea. And with books all around. And with couches. And chairs. And old records. This is my idea of heaven. (Minutes away from Staten Island ferry.)The neighborhood surrounding it though, is ehhh...
<review# 572,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2006,7/24/2006,19,39,6,4,6>Yes, McDonald's is bad for you.  Yes, McDonald's can make kids obese if it comprises the majority of their diet.  Yes, McDonald's is high in fat, high in cholesterol and high in sodium.  However, most of us have a little person inside of us that on occasion, has a hankering for McD's.This particular McD's is actually really clean.  That's surprising being that it is in Chinatown and Ctown isn't really known for its cleanliness.  This one was actually shown on one of those 20/20 or Dateline shows as being on the top of the ratings in terms of cleanliness and whatnot.  Makes ya feel a little bit less guilty for eating at McD's.On Sundays the lines can be long as little kids are screaming that they want a Happy Meal but when the craving hits, it's well worth it.  My favorite thing about this McD's is the 2 for $1's.  I love the apple pies and the ice cream sundaes because I can treat a cousin to dessert for $.50!The best part about this McD's is that they have hashbrowns, 2 for $1!  They don't have this everywhere.  Because it's so much cheaper than other establishments, a friend recently made hashbrown birthday cakes for my cousin and me (see picture!).  Now THAT's a birthday cake!
<review# 573,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2006,7/23/2006,43,112,5,2,5>Oh Ruben, thanks for helping me out on many a hungover day, your breakfast sausage empanada with cheese is a Godsend!Ruben's Empanadas should be a part of your daily diet - for lunch or a snack, try the Spicy Tofu, or Spicy Chicken ones. The Beef is a classic, that's a good starting point.Life-reaffirming Gazpacho as well, perfect on a sunny day!
<review# 574,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2006,7/22/2006,233,176,,3,1>One word: WOW. I don't know if I loved it so much for the theater itself, or for tonight's wonderful production, Mamma Mia. The theater is definitely beautiful; it has intricately decorated ceilings and balconies, great acoustics and a plethora of seats. The only thing I did not like, was the way the rows of seats did not angle downward very much as they descended, making it hard for you to see the whole stage. However, if you like ABBA, then I recommend Mamma Mia. It is such a beautiful and entertaining show, it will leave you with a desire to dance and sing and be cheerful about life, love, and finding who you are.
<review# 575,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2006,7/21/2006,99,304,5,9,6>If they served burgers in heaven, they'd be topped with fresh mozzarella and pesto.In a meat mood (shut up), my boyfriend and I walked up the street from my office, turned the corner, and basically ran into Rare. The menu lured us in (it was actually speaking to us in German, for some reason) and in we went.We had a Caesar salad to start (warning--portions are HUGE so be sure to have someone to share with). And then...the meat arrived.I had a rare burger with pesto and fresh mozzarella, which was probably the most perfect burger I've ever had. I am seriously considering marrying it. My boyfriend had a plain cheddar and bacon burger (medium-rare; he's just wrong). We shared shoestring fries...and a mutual love for the restaurant.The service is very attentive--they bring fresh napkins frequently and never allow you to sit with a half-full water glass. My shiraz was about 2/3 finished before a new one arrived, as well. The waitstaff is knowledgable and they provide good recommendations, so listen up!I will be going back. Mmmm...just thinking about it...maybe today.
<review# 576,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2006,7/20/2006,283,596,8,9,9>I've never thought I would make a dinner reservation for 10:45 PM, but that was the only time available at Babbo. I might have had a different reaction had I gotten through on the first try. They start taking reservations at 10 AM and I started dialing at 9:59 AM. I called 34 times to get through and now have the number forever in my memory, 212-777-0303.We arrived at Babbo's at 10:40 PM. We waited next to a kid at the bar in a white t-shirt and jeans. He claimed to be a regular and he seemed to be on something. He was frying his brains out on an erotic-enoteca induced trip. Sitting at the bar getting his monthly Babbo fix. He was peaking as he proclaimed this to be the best f*cking restaurant in the world. He recommended the goose liver and calf's brain. He was a student at NYU -- he wasn't collecting a paycheck but was sticking his dad with some rather lavish expenses.It's 11:30 PM, 45 minutes of being seduced by the menu. Our waiter's name is Jack -- and he was perfect. Everything is explained in the appropriate amount of detail. He attentiveness, patience, sincerity, recommendations -- Jack had all of the ingredients of a perfect waiter. Antipasti: mozzarella with rapini and roasted beet salad. Primi: black spaghetti with rock shrimp, chorizo and green chilis.  Secondi: brasato ai borolo (borolo-braised beef with porcini) and duck with savoy, speck and ramps. A glass of limoncello ends a perfect evening.....Babbo's is one of those places I have always wanted to go and at the same time feared that it would disappoint. It's so easy for culinary dreams to fall short. Babbo's might not be the best f*cking restaurant in the world, but it should be on the ballot.UPDATEWe had dinner here on January 20th, 2007. It was not quite as wonderful as my other 2 experiences. The service was not very attentive and did not seem on the top of their game. My pasta dish was very good -- parpadelle with bolognese -- but the pasta was heaped together in a pile that was stuck together -- not very elegant, but still very good. Brasato ai Borolo was very good -- again. Tile fish was wonderful. Previous visit I had amazing cockles, goose liver ravioli, and 2 minute calamari.Best Italian in NYC.One of the most frustrating phone reservations to get through. But the woman who answers is the most lovely person you will ever speak to -- and acts as though she remembers you and are a good friend -- and it is their pleasure to serve you.
<review# 577,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2006,7/19/2006,69,44,1,3,1>My good friend Jon has been raving about this place since it was located in New Jersey. First off, I live in San Francisco, so when I finally got that chance to go to NYC, this was the first place I went with my friend. Needless to say, it lived up to every expectation I ever had.It might be different from any other pizza you've ever had, but once you read the pamphlet and understand what Anthony is going for, you'll realize that you'll never find pizza quite like this anywhere else. Simply put, they only offer the freshest, best ingredients, and the pies are in limitied supply. There's only four choices on the menu, but they're all amazing. Whatever you do, don't question what's on the menu. Asking for pepperoni will probably get you tossed out on the curb. At close to $20 a pie, it's a bit on the expensive side, but trust me, it's worth it.If I was independently wealthy, I'd fly across country just to taste this pizza again.
<review# 578,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2006,7/18/2006,3,657,2,4,2>Amazing pizza.  Lots of different fresh imported cheeses, freshe herbs, delicious sauce, sooooooo good.  The downsides.... a long wait (but fun to watch the owner, Dominic, make pizzas and not get stressed out about the fact that there are 20 people staring at him waiting), the place looks like a dump and it's hot as hell in there, so get it to go.... It will be much more enjoyable if you're not sweating your ass off.    With that said, definitely worth the trip and worth the wait.
<review# 579,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2006,7/17/2006,152,121,1,5,6>I'd almost have to categorize VietCafe as Viet-"fusion" since the food is not completely "authentic"; and I don't mean this in a bad way, but it's worth pointing out since it's being compared in a different category.  The food here is light and healthy while the atmosphere and service are excellent compared to other Asian joints.  Weekday rush is during lunch hour when nearby professionals venture out on a good day; and I myself will also join the hike from WFC into Tribecca just for their Spring roll bowl*.  I've also tried their soup noodles and some marinated entrees, which were all very gratifying.   (!) Portions vary somewhat depending on what you order.  The Viet Lime-Lemonade was also tres excellent when I had it today.  Unfortunately, can't comment on their cocktails since I haven't crossed over to working while intoxicated, but perhaps someday, someday.* One of the most popular dishes there-- 6 half-pieces of fried spring rolls over rice noodles, bean sprouts, cilantro, peanuts tossed in a light and flavory fish sauce.
<review# 580,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2006,7/16/2006,81,203,10,12,9>Hundreds of Beers in an impossibly small bar... they call down to the cellar on a radio to bring up the good stuff.  They have the world's strongest Belgian beer and your tree-hugging Vermont suds all under one roof.  Do not go looking for a raspberry martini, do not go with a calorie counting, carb fearing chick or she will be in her personal version of hell (and Homer Simpson's version of heaven). The bar itself has a luscious wood interior with murals of monks imbibing while being bitten by sharks, hiding in barrels, teetering on ships at sea, doing their taxes...you name it.  there is a small caged in patio that seats about 6 people that is very nice on a sunny day.  This place is not at all what I expected upon hearing the name...I thought it would be more of a frat boy bar but it really is quite lovely.  Oh and now that I'm an easily irritated geezer I love the fact that patrons are asked to keep a "conversational" tone or they are shushed (or kicked out).  On Mondays and Fridays from 5-8 they serve free fries from Pomme Frites so this place really combines my two biggest loves- beer and fries (boyfriend comes in a close third...sorry darlin).  Extra points to the girl that called my cell to let me know that my friend left his phone at the bar..she wisely dialed the last number he called.  Smart bartenders, free fries, hundreds of beers, AND you can hear yourself think?  Why are you still sitting there, go!
<review# 581,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2012,7/14/2012,63,326,8,16,9>This is where I sound off on the longstanding rivalry between Ippudo and Totto:Ippudo has good ramen, but is more style than substance. Totto is where you go to eat the best. Ippudo is where you take a group of out-of-towners, Totto is where you go to eat alone (or with one other). I love ramen, all kinds. I've tried Minca, Setagaya, Hide-chan, Momofoku Noodle Bar and Menkui-tei. I find that I prefer the smaller, more authentic-feeling joints like Minca and Totto. Cramped, intimate, where you can watch the chefs prepare your food--that's what I like. If you're not into that, that you'll probably have a more pleasant experience at Momofoku or Ippudo. The wait is a factor, of course. Don't be intimidated by the mobs of people outside, the line will move a lot faster than you think. I waited around 45 minutes on a Monday night during peak hour, but it wasn't terrible.As for the ramen at Totto, the broth is what sealed the deal. It's so rich and flavorful but not too salty (I'm looking at you, Minca). The noodles are also a perfect, firm texture. Proportions are just right, smaller than Minca but larger than Ippudo. Worth the trek and worth the wait if you're craving top-notch ramen.
<review# 582,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2012,7/13/2012,389,329,,12,7>To start, Irving Street is my favorite street in all of NYC.  It's beautiful, hidden, and exclusive - perpendicular to Gramercy Park, and straddled by the mess of the East Village and Union Square, but completely quiet and collegiate.  Tiny restaurants dot the sidewalk, Casa Mono being the most prominent.Casa Mono serves fantastic, traditional, Spanish tapas.  Tapas have been so Americanized that they're translated to mean anything served on a saucer these days - far from the actual Spanish dishes they were derived from.  Additionally, it's not a genre of food comprised of the most elegant of ingredients - octopus, potato, fried balls of rice and ham...but Casa Mono makes Tapas as traditional and elegant as you can get in NYC.The Pan Con Tomate is simple perfection.  Grilled baguette, sliced down the middle, rubbed down with garlic cloves, olive oil and a roasted tomato, with tomato seeds and pulp garnishing the crispy bread.  Patatas Bravas are a little different than I remember - they're more baked than fried, but still very tasty.  The skirt steak with romesco can't be missed - while the romesco is less garlicky and more pesto-y than what I'd had in spain, it's still got that red kick to it, and the steak is actually quite a generous portion for a tapas-style plate, sliced and artfully stacked.  Mussels with Chorizo and champagne are salty and indulgent, but don't fill you up too much.  A good wine list, and a free glass of cava with a 4sq check-in!  I totally approve of the food.Why not 5 stars? It's pitch-black in there, and you're practically on top of your fellow diners - but not in authentic, old school way - just an overstuffed with small tables way.  It's awkward to walk around the restaurant.  But besides these occupational hazards, you're good to go on a beautiful block for some traditional Spanish dishes.
<review# 583,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2012,7/12/2012,1726,1086,6,14,10>Beautiful subterranean surf-themed boîte in Hell's Kitchen. The decor is nearly a conversation piece with tiki touches, surfboards, bikinis on a clothesline, and other accoutrements of an island bar. The tot-chos (tater tots slathered with unhealthy goodness you normally find on nachos) were outstanding, can't go wrong.My only complaint is the drink prices, but what else is new? They created a great drinks list full of $12 and $14 cocktails and a smattering of mediocre summer beers that I suppose qualify as cowabunga surfer brews. If you're going to make the (admittedly delicious) cocktails prohibitively expensive, it would be nice if they also offered a couple of drinkable beers as an alternative.That being said, the Jamaican Sazerac was very good.
<review# 584,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2012,7/11/2012,1031,1260,12,26,13>MISSION: ACCOMPLISHEDChef Danny Bowien is quickly rising amongst the transplant Chef world, making his presence known with tons of media coverage. We picked up an issue of Bon Appetit to check out the latest ongoings in the food world. Low and behold, there's Danny again headlining w/ Andrew Knowlton reflecting on their recent trip to eating up Chengdu. With much fanfare surrounding the opening, we wanted to satiate our need to know why the SF mainstay is much heralded.Not for the faint of heart, Mission Chinese packs some serious heat. Not marketed as such, you may want to bring some milk with you. On Grand Opening Day, we even saw Daniel Boulud and his posse walk in eager to try the food.In the former Rhong-Tiam LES space, Mission Chinese made some improvements. The kitchen and 'reception' area remains the same, but the Thai murals are gone. There is now a bar out back with some interesting Asian cocktails. The ceiling is now covered with wood. There are even chairs hanging from the ceiling beams and a giant red paper dragon draping across the room. The 'pay phone' door is now gone and replaced with a curtain. Also, tiles were placed out back instead of wood and the pass to go to the back has clear glass allowing curious eyes to peep into the kitchen.THE FOOD#1. Sichuan Pickled Vegetables [Napa cabbage, carrot, nasturtium, sichuan pepper, beer] ($4) - primarily cabbage, not crazy about the bitterness from the beer [NOT SPICY]#10. Lamb Cheek Dumplings [Black vinegar, rock sugar, peanuts, numbing peppercorn] ($8) - They sold out of this quickly, there's no wonder why. The black vinegar is in your face but pairs well. Must get. [NOT SPICY]#12. Stir Fried Pork Jowl and Radishes [Fermented black bean, red perilla, mint] ($11) - Another favorite, this reminded us of double fried pork belly. The perilla puts this dish over the top and makes it SING! [NOT SPICY]#13. Salt Cod Fried Rice [Slow cooked mackerel, chinese sausage, lettuce, egg] ($11) - instead of using the typical salted cod, they used mackerel, which actually works well. The chinese sausage could be crispy and there could be more 'wok hey' or wok flavor/appearance since the rice looks and tastes steamed but still solid [NOT SPICY]#15. Thrice Cooked Bacon [Shanghainese rice cakes, tofu skin, bitter melon, chili oil] ($11.50) - someone was either really smart or really high to think of this dish, but it's genius. For those closed minded, the bitter melon grows on you, great combination of flavors, quite oily, please lose the liquid smoke [SPICY]#16. Mapo Tofu [Pork shoulder, doubanjiang, sichuan pepper] ($12.50) - we didn't care for this dish, as it was more like a soup than anything, with over the top 'ma la', or numbing from the sichuan peppers, almost guaranteed to be a doggy bag, very oily [VERY SPICY]#18. Chongqing Chicken Wings [Fragrant chili and crispy beef tripe] ($10) - good but not great, deceptively NOT spicy, despite the slew of red peppers surrounding it. Don't forget to pick at the fried beef tripe, as they taste like fat globules from the heavens [NOT SPICY]WHAT WE LOVE1. The Service - Down to earth and friendly, the owners make their rounds constantly not afraid to get their hands dirty, assuring you have everything to you need to walk out happy. Grand Opening Day, there was even a keg to help yourself while you waited for your table. The owner even gave us a free family bowl of rice while we awaited our fried rice.2. The Philanthropy - 75 cents from each of the entrees is given to the Food Bank of NYC. More restaurants should learn from this & follow suit. 3. The 'Up Yours' menu - We love that they stuck to their guns and made the menu THEIR way (super spicy), not catering to the American palate. However, we found it excessive for our taste buds, and we LOVE spicy food. 4. The Food - Take heed to the 2 flames on the menu=your tongue will be burning and you will be reaching for your milk. You will notice that every dish is 1 ingredient away from being 'truly' Chinese. Whether it be nasturtium leaf, perilla leaf, radish, or pastrami, the flavors jive and that's what matters most. Purposely so, the food is comforting and cooked with love. You feel like your friend's Chinese mom cooked for you. Makes for great hangover food as well.THINGS TO IMPROVE ON1. The Menu - There is no pricing on the lighted wall menu. You can ask for a laminated menu to peruse, but why not just list the price on the wall menu too? Also, since the menus are already laminated, may be cool to provide dry erase markers for patrons to circle the number of the dishes they want to order to help expedite things.2. The Pace - Your food may come all at once or one dish at a time. This allows for some of the food to get cold as you eat the other dishes. For this reason, pacing would be nice.No resys so be prepared to wait 2hrs+ Total came out to $30/pp after everythingPics up so
<review# 585,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2012,7/10/2012,139,1138,11,16,16>Pizza seduction. No exterior signage. Just a red painted door and window frame. Looks like they are not open but they are. Until 5am to be exact.The inside is small with only one table for two. The only lighting was by two dimly lit lights and the light above the pizza. It was just enough light to notice the pizza slicer decorated ceiling. Margarita pizza had just came out of the oven. It looked gorgeous. It tasted perfect. It was exactly what I had been craving. Great crust, tomatoey fresh tomato sauce, the freshet basil softened from the oven just right and the mozzarella cheese and added parmesan cheese sprinkle was heavenly. $4 a slice for pizza perfection. South Brooklyn Pizza, you can seduce me any time.
<review# 586,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2012,7/9/2012,304,974,8,11,11>I don't read books nearly as often as I should, however, do not even think about telling me to buy a Kindle, a Nook, etc.  I'm all about the fresh smell of a new book and breaking in the spine.  I like when a book becomes yours.  Reading something on a tablet just doesn't seem natural to me.My friend needed an acting guide and was told by someone that Strand would most likely have it.  We quickly received a sticker with the location of the book from the nice employees at the information desk.  After maneuvering the aisles for a bit (this place is huge!) we finally found the section and then the book.  They seriously have a section for everything here.  And nothing is just thrown together.  There is acting, then film, then screenwriting, then plays.  There is cooking, then baking, then grilling.  The one thing I disliked is the fact that all of the shelves are extremely high so if the section you're looking for is all the way towards the top, you need to use a ladder.  This store is not short people-friendly.  But they definitely make up for this with their huge selection.  New books, used books, you want it, they got it.
<review# 587,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2012,7/8/2012,513,164,8,8,13>Bryant Park, how do I love thee? Let me count the ways:1. You're a great place for me to kick off and read my novel. I love your tables and chairs.2. The people here are great. No one interrupts you. 3. You have festivals!4. Ice Skating? Yes, please! I love to unleash my inner Baiul!On any given day, you can just relax and enjoy some lunch or a great book. They have clean tree-lined paths that  lead the way. I love the fact the wonderful restaurants and bar are perfect for post-Broadway, but that's another review. I hit up the ad for free knitting classes on Thursdays and had a great time.  Last year they had free knitting lessons on Thursdays - they even supplied the yarn and needles. I can now knit a sweater - if you are irregular, have a large neck, and your right arm is longer than your left.Also, did I mention - MOVIES IN THE PARK! Yeah, that J.Lo/Matt McConaughey scene in The Wedding Planner isn't made up. They show them on the lawn and have service courtesy of 'Wichcraft. I love this place. If you're looking for a place to use your pottery barn basket and cliche blue and white gingham blanket, you've found it.
<review# 588,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2012,7/7/2012,251,625,19,14,13>You are: gainfully employed with health insurance, 917 rather than 718, more likely to frequent the 6 or 1 train than the L and at rush hour rather than 2 pm... and yet. Your skinny jeans wish you had more plaid in your closet! You make your own bitters! You wonder whether wearing an ironic t-shirt to a Miike Snow concert cancels out the suit you had on until 9 pm. And then you get mad that everybody seems to know who Miike Snow is now and you saw them at Bowery Ballroom a year and a half ago.You order goddamn salty caramels over seamlessweb and eat them at your desk.Take your self-loathing yupster self to the Meadow. Oh, don't forget to stop at the Swedish candy store on the way and buy a selection of brightly colored, expensive treats. Then hate yourself at the Meadow as you sniff the vast array of bitters, marvel at the selection of Himalayan salt rocks, and consider purchasing yet more candy flavored with salt.The dream of Portlandia is alive in the WVill.
<review# 589,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2012,7/6/2012,845,309,13,17,15>The wine list is bigger than the actual food menu, we are off to a great start. I arrived not fashionably late, not only was I starving but I was dying for some sparkly. I didn't bother looking at the list, the first thing I thought of was Castella cava. Ding ding ding, they had it. Our table had the flat bread, beets, cheese plate, and cheesy potatoes. All of which were cold because of me being late, but the left overs were magnificent. On top of the dishes my friends ordered, I ordered the arugula salad.I love truffled anything so this dish peaked my interest. Peppery arugula, with a lemon dressing with truffled potatoes. Often times, truffled anything can be a little too much but the mix of the peppery arugula and lemon dressing was a match made in heaven.  Winebar definitely did a great job with this dish. The cheesy potatoes were just as great, I didn't get to read the description for them but wine bar did a swell job. The cheese plate was also memorable, stinky, very stinky. Stinky and delicious. The ambiance here was great, and the front patio had heat lamps which was great for smokers. I can definitely see myself coming here on a warm summer night in NYC. Ambiance and service was attentive and pleasant. I can't wait to come back!
<review# 590,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2012,7/5/2012,349,349,24,27,25>Junoon is a case of creative cooking gone a little amuck.  Vikas Khanna claims to represent five techniques of Indian cooking--pot, fire pit, stone, griddle and clay oven--and delivers variety that comes at the expense of uniformly high quality.  But before I label this a case of misdirected passion (junoon=passion), I must say that Junoon has one of the best ambiances of any Indian restaurant in New York, and the classic North Indian dishes taste next only to their versions at Tamarind in Tribeca.  I have been to Junoon on about ten occasions and have found that it is both expensive and frustrating to stray away from the mainstream dishes on the menu.  I would wholeheartedly recommend the paneer pakoras and the chaat from the selection of appetizers.  The entrees offer a fair selection--pick one of the channa pindi, daal makhani or daal tadka (listed as  accompaniments) or the bhindi.  The desserts are unusual for an Indian restaurant.  Lemon crepe?  Apple tarte?  Chocolate parfait?  Stick to the kulfi trio, but try and have them make all three kulfis in the trio the same--the pistachio kind.Junoon is in the triumvirate of Indian restaurants in New York that have been awarded a Michelin star, besides Tamarind and Tulsi, and I can see why.  Junoon certainly beats out Tulsi, but it does not compare equal to Tamarind in Tribeca.
<review# 591,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2011,6/13/2011,532,204,18,14,16>I hesitated with the 5 star rating on this place but then I had to ask myself, was the food you got delicious?  Yes.Was the food you got fresh and hot and served insanely fast? Yes.Were the pork and chive dumplings the ultimate late night go to snack for less than a subway ride?  Yes.Was that vinegary house made soy sauce not the bomb on those dumplings and did you not end up embarrassingly slurping it off your plastic foam plate? Yes.Did it hit the spot, leaving you so full and content that you didn't mind at all the long wait time displayed for the next train to come? Yes.Then why oh why would you not say this is darn close to as good as it gets for the late night tummy rumblings for quality, taste, and value?Now go get rid of that chunk of change in your junk drawer and put it to good use. $ Holla for a Dollar $
<review# 592,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2011,6/12/2011,545,1338,30,25,26>Doughnut Plant makes me feel like dancin' dancin' dancin'... I'm a (say this super fast) DANCIN' MACHINE!*snap snap* *finger to the air* *twist* *twirl* *spin* *toe taps*I bet you haven't seen these moves since John Travolta, Kevin Bacon, Elaine...I've got the moves and they were about to evolve into a little Beyonce and Usher but then I heard pounding at the door."Get out of the bathroom! What's taking you so long?" The morning crowd yelled at me. So I got a little carried away but that's always the case with Doughnut Plant. Seriously, how could you not when it's DOUGHNUT PLANT?!The bathroom is awesome and christened Club Doughnut by yours truly. It's one step away from the shiny disco kids and late 90's clubbers. Go in to do some business and step out a dancing diva. Ah, life is good again.My family was in town and I brought them to Doughnut Plant. "What flavor do you want?" I asked them. You know what they said? "Plain. Just glazed." .......silence...... WTF? How do you go to Doughnut Plant and get just ONE PLAIN GLAZED Doughnut. They weren't even asking for chocolate. So I sang the high heavens of peanut butter and jelly, meyer lemon, pistachio, tres leches, Valrhona, crème brulee. We ended up getting an assorted box plus their requested PLAIN GLAZED DOUGHNUTS. Technically, it was vanilla. But still. I thought we went to Doughnut Plant to "jam" out. You know what happened? They ate their doughnuts, which they loved, and then ended up taking bites out of the rest, which they loved too.For the record, I've got nothing against the vanilla doughnut. I just really like the fun flavors.
<review# 593,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2010,6/11/2011,81,207,21,12,10>Whoa, a luchadore-themed Mexican restaurant? It's like God, or I guess a smaller, masked, more acrobatic, Mexican God, made this just for me. As if Mexican God said to me, "Galvin, how would you like to eat delicious tacos in an establishment dedicated to the Mexican version of the hilarious carnival of sadness that is pro wrestling, which, like most foreign versions of stuff that's already pretty crazy, makes it totally batshit-insane crazy?" And I was like, thanks Mexican God, you are now the best god, and I appreciate your creating La Lucha NYC from the raw essence of dreams I never dared to have, and I will go there right away.Now, even if you do not for whatever odd reason hold a similar weird morbid fascination for the spectacle of large sweaty dudes taking turns dominating each other while basically naked--let's not dwell too much on my own interest--there is no need to be put off or intimidated by this place. Believe it or not, the theme and decor here are relatively restrained, and, dare I say, tasteful. Sure, there's masks and weird shrines on the wall, but little of it at eye level, and it's not as if your server parades to your table with theme music or delivers all orders from the top rope. This isn't that kinda kitschy, gimmicky place. No, this is a Mexican wrestaurant (see what I did there) with CLASS. As for the food, well, I may not have grown up in California and every fifth phrase out of my mouth isn't "fish taco," so I may not know from authenticity, but brother, these are some delicious tacos. After some delectable vegetarian (read: good but can only be so good) appetizers, I opted for "Super Porky" carnitas--as I knew I would from the moment I saw it on the menu, because, I mean, it's called "Super Porky"--while my friend picked "Dr. Wagner," the Mayan-style pork taco. (Of COURSE all the food is named after Mexican wrestling stars; as for the canonical reasoning behind an ostensibly German doctor becoming a Mexican wrestler who then later had a Mayan taco named after him in New York, your guess is as good as mine.) Super Porky did not disappoint, but food envy struck the instant my friend got his mouth around Dr. Wagner (this review: finally gay enough) and immediately proclaimed it one of the most awesome things he'd ever eaten. Now, we probably could've stopped there and been content--the tacos, though not huge, are definitely satisfying--but we enjoyed our food so much that I ignored my usual tightwad/small-portions leanings and called the waitress back over to order some more.At $4 a taco, I can understand complaints that the food here is overpriced, but well, we got a filling, super-delicious meal for $16 each with tax and tip included, which doesn't seem totally atypical of NYC pricing to me. Also, our bill came in a miniature wrestling ring complete with luchadore action figure, and because my friend and I are mentally 9 years old, we enjoyed making our little toy look like he was fighting with the wad of bills we used to pay. And well, if you want to slap a price on that, be my guest, but me and my friend will be over here with our correct priorities and our delicious tacos and our happiness and our fun little toy that we really wanted to steal but did not.Also of note is the owner's presence right here on his restaurant's review page on Yelp. Owner participation just doesn't happen enough on this site, and whenever Franklin M. comments on reviews of his business here, he always seems first and foremost genuinely appreciative of the patronage, and secondly, honest and gently informative when reviewers say something that is just plain off-base. The temptation to be a total dick when white people start telling you how your hometown ethnic cuisine is SUPPOSED to be must be just off-the-charts enraging, and I am just as impressed by Franklin's restraint as I am by his ideas for restaurants.So yeah, La Lucha NYC is my new favorite Mexican place, and would be even without the great theme. True, it's not like there are absolutely no complaints to be leveled against the place, such as the lack of liquor license (which I believe they're working on, but they should hurry up, because beer and tacos are simply two things that should happen together), and of course the whole endeavor would really be a lot more authentic if every six months or so one of the menu items died at a young age of drug-related causes. But hey, one place can't have EVERYTHING I've ever dreamed of.
<review# 594,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2011,6/10/2011,168,363,11,14,16>Sometimes all you need is a good friend, a glass (or two) of wine and some olives and then the world seems so much more tolerable.I've been to G&G on several occasions and it has always been a solid choice. Their appetizers (get the olive bowl!! trust me) and small entrees never fail. I would highly recommend either the artichoke, tomato and arugula, or the portobello and roasted red pepper pizzas. I've also heard good things about the meatball and caramelized onion and the artichoke and shaved romano pizzas. But, the most important thing is the wine. If you're unsure about a wine on the menu, Matt--who is very well versed--will help you figure out what it is you would like to drink. His lively and down to earth wine descriptions are perfect.G&G has zero pretension and the place instantly makes one feel comfortable. The music is never loud, and always an excellent rotation (last night we got to relive high school with new order, gang of four, the pretenders, the cars, etc.)G&G is always my prescription for a grey rainy day (or, any day for that matter). Now, if only I could get my insurance to cover it....
<review# 595,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2011,6/9/2011,327,345,5,12,11>Oh yes. I give The Summit Bar high marks for the amazing birthday party I thew there last weekend. I was in touch with management via email (they don't have a phone) and told them I wanted to host about 30 people on a Saturday night. They quickly got back to me and announced that they would be happy to help me have a great party. And you know what? They really did. Saturday night I walked in with 5 people and another 5 were already there. I found the manager and he told me he would block off the whole back section starting at 10PM. Perfect. I ordered a Driving Mrs. Davies and went out onto the back semi-enclosed back patio area to enjoy it. More and more people started showing up and at 10 of 10, the bouncer came over to me, introduced himself and said he was now going to block off the back for my party. He quickly relocated everyone who wasn't there for me (hehe, birthdays are so self centered) and as more and more people arrived, we had ample room in the back patio area as well as inside at the back of the bar and back couch. There was a spot for everyone and the drinks kept flowing. People that wanted to smoke could, outdoors, without putting down their drink. The comfortable outdoor lounge furniture meant most everyone could sit and mingle, or just relieve themselves from the torture of heels. I wore glittery flats because hey, everyone should wear some sparkle on their birthday and I don't care if you think it's lame. I had an absolute blast and appreciated the venue staff keeping us liquored up and free of random people. It was such a perfect situation. Perfect drinks, perfect friends, zero strangers and reasonable prices. You think I'll be back? Oh yes, I sure will and if I need another venue for a gathering, you know I'm choosing Summit. hungrychildinthecity.com
<review# 596,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2010,6/8/2011,289,209,20,23,24>My latest food addiction is the black-sesame "doughnut" ($1.80) at Paris Baguette. After a Korean meal in K-Town, I'll get a doughnut. If I'm nearby shopping at Macy's, gotta get a doughnut. On the subway passing through midtown, might as well make use of my unlimited MetroCard and duck out for a doughnut.Despite its name, the doughnut is really more like a morbidly obese Munchkin--about the size of a rubber squash ball. The outer shell is resistantly crisp-chewy from the rice flour while the hollow interior oozes a gooey seasonal filling. (These days it's pumpkin.) As expected, this outpost of the Korean bakery chain has all the standard Korean pastries like croquettes, streusel bread, doughnut twists, red-bean filled buns, and other flaky, crusty, buttery things in addition to sandwiches, jams, and breads including their namesake baguette.And because I see way too many customers here who don't know how to procure their baked goods, let me break it down for you:1. Get a tray 2. Line it with deli paper3. Use the serving tongs to grab items5. Pay at the register6. Take away your purchase or eat inMove down to the vitrine and you'll see a variety of highly decorated cakes in flavors like blueberry-green tea and tiramisu. I'm partial to the sweet-potato cake which is garnished with whipped cream, roasted chestnuts and some sort of choking hazard disguised as a decorative leaf. The cakes, starting at $30, are super moist, super spongy and won't bring on a toothache. They're excellent birthday cakes for people like me who don't like overly sweet desserts.[1]Other things to note:- If you want to pronounce the name commes les Koreans, leave off the last S in "Paris" (for savings? I don't know).- They have coffee, green tea latte and scalding hot tea that comes in fancy silk pouches.- It's the friendliest service I've ever had at a Korean establishment and the cashiers are bilingual.- Avoid weekend afternoons lest you be subject to the ear-splitting chatter of gossipy Korean aunties. - It's not polite to point and laugh out loud at the male employees dressed like Marcel Marceau. Instead, do it quietly among your tablemates without hand gestures.[1] You can get complimentary candles, matches and a plastic serrated cake knife to tote along to your birthday celebration.
<review# 597,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2011,6/7/2011,447,368,26,31,30>On a rainy evening, while in search of this little place, I passed by a shuttered restaurant and saw the dimly lit words "Islands" and "Jamaican" and went NOOOOOOOO!!!!! All that traveling halfway through Brooklyn for this much raved about Jerk Chicken and it ran out of business?  Then I squinted through the rain, looked closer and saw that the place that closed shop was actually called "Islands Tast" (That is not my typo) and that I was actually a block from my real destination.  Calming down slightly from my momentary panic attack, I arrived at The Islands and went indoors.Whoa that interior was small.  You enter and just like that the ordering counter is right in front of you with maybe a few short feet of moving space between you and the wall.  The matronly lady by the counter casually asked me am I new to the place?  With a  nod, I answered yes and went about my business of ordering.  The rice orders comes as either small or large, the large being about $2 more per order.  Thinking that I wanted try more then one selection here, I chose two small orders, assuming it'll be tiny enough to manage. My thought when my orders came was, "Damn if that is the small size, I can't imagine the big one."  The portion size was generous.My orders:Jerk Chicken.  This dish must be filled with crack.  It's so moist, juicy, flavorful, and surprisingly had a decent spicy kick to it.  The meat was of the fall of the bone variety and the skin was peppery, well spiced, and slightly soft but not soggy.  The rice with beans that I chose with this order was just as good.The beans infuses the incredibly  soft rice with it's flavor and gives it a slightly sweet taste.  Not that I know what crack is like mind you.  No.. really.  I just assumed that it's like eating this dish. Once I start, I can't stop. Help me... I think it's my new addiction.....  One of the best Jerk Chicken I've had in NYC.Curry Goat with a side of salad.  It's pretty tasty if you could get past the gamy taste of this particular type of meat.  The chunks of goat meat were tender if a bit chewy, and pieces of it came with the bones still attached.  The rice this time was infused with the non spicy green curry sauce that smothered the whole dish.  The side salad came in it's own small Styrofoam container.  I was expecting a typical bland salad but this pleasantly surprised me.  The salad was drenched in a light semi sweet dressing and consists of (from my memory) leafy greens, raisins, red peppers, yellow peppers, cucumbers, onions and probably one or two ingredients I don't recall.  I would happily order the larger version of this from the menu if I had to.I took everything to go.  There is an upstairs dining area (Which I heard was also super tiny) but in order to eat in, it costs an extra $2 per person.  I would happily tip more for great service but no way in hell was I paying extra just to sit down.Luckily, this place is located across the street from The Brooklyn Museum, a few blocks from The Brooklyn Botanical Gardens, and more importantly,  a block from Prospect Park.  In warmer weather, I suggest taking it to go and eating it nearby.I think I could understand why that other Jamaican Restaurant had to close down.  It's hard to imagine staying in business with a rival that makes food as fantastic as this place only a mere block away.  Especially  with that Crack Chic... I mean Jerk  Chicken.**************************************************­**Jerk Chicken with rice and beans: yelp.com/biz_photos/KBW0…Curry Goat with a side salad:http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/KBW0EP-­prQBhkqqGJCxmXg?select=4zvhv8MCYa6pLb5cP7zMHg yelp.com/biz_photos/KBW0…
<review# 598,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2010,6/6/2011,794,428,17,26,21>I love you Szechuan Gourmet. I also love your sister restaurant in the 30s.This place is a staple at work and it's because the food comes out crazy fast, the service is perfect, and it's one of the most wondrous meals you'll ever eat. Nowhere else in Manhattan besides Szechuan Gourment in the 30's will you find Szechuan cuisine this authentic. Once a whole bunch of my colleagues went out and who was sitting next to them? Mark Bittman, das awesome.So, this is  where people who are serious about delicious eat.  I love the:Spicy Sesame NoodlesPaul Ma Po TofuChili-Miso Fish Crispy DuckCrispy LambThey offer brown rice and of course, tea is complimentary--- you just have to ask sometimes.Remember to go with someone who shares! This is a serious Chinese-family-style-picking-off-each-other-­plates-affair.
<review# 599,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2010,6/5/2011,343,542,10,17,17>About a week ago, while I was in the car I saw this new place opened up. I passed by so fast that I didn't really make out the name of the place and even til now holding their business card in my hand, I'm not sure how to pronounce the name. "Tab-bil-isi" I would think.With my adventurous parents, I chose this place for dinner because I never had Georgian food before. For some odd reason, this location is considered a cafe bakery, but they have restaurant foods. They do have a real restaurant also in Brooklyn, which I believe their food menu would have more selections. The decor here was really simple and they also have a yard area for dining as well. Our servers were really friendly and informative when we asked them about the foods on the menu.For drinks, we ordered a large Geogian Limonade, which was green. It looked like mouth wash water, but it did not taste like it. I'm not sure what flavor it is, but the flavor reminds of black jelly beans.For soup, we ordered a Chakapuli - it is made from onions, lamb chops, dry white wine, tarragon leaves, tkemali sauce (plum sauce), mixed fresh herbs (parsley, mint, dill, cilantro), garlic and salt. This soup was pretty good and very flavorful.For appetizer, we ordered Badrijani Nigvzit- Eggplants seasoned with ground walnuts, vinegar (or pomegranate juice), pomegranates and spices. I am not really an eggplant person, but the way they made this dish was amazing. I liked how the walnut is crushed and it's infused into the eggplant, which brings out the taste of both eggplant and walnut without overpowering each other. I liked it a lot.We also ordered the Xinkali - pork buns with a soup base inside each bun. These pork buns reminds me of the soup dumplings at Shanghai cuisines, but the texture and taste is very different. The Xinkali does not have as much soup as soup dumplings does. The Xinkali are also bigger in size compared to the soup dumplings. This dish was good.I'm not sure is it because we didn't really know what to order, but it seems as though a lot of foods are bread and cheese in different variations. We've ordered Acharuli Xachapuri - bread formed into an open boat shape and the hot pie is topped with a raw egg and a pat of butter. This was pretty interesting and it was tasted really good.Another form of dough with cheese we had was Imeruli Xachapuri, which is in a circular form and it is the most common type. It reminds me of a big cheesy pancake. This was was good too, but I liked the Acharuli Xachapuri more.We also ordered Achma - which has multiple layers of cheese and looks more like a sauceless lasagna.  This one was pretty good too, but I liked eating this with the very soft complimentary bread.We also ordered the lamb shish kebab, which was really tasty and grilled very nicely. It was very tender and the burnt parts were just right. It was also flavorful and not chewy at all.Last but not least, we've ordered the fried chicken in garlic sauce. This dish took the longest to come out, but I think it's because it was slowly roasting in the oven. When this dish came out, the aroma of garlic filled the air. I was so happy there were so much garlic rubbed on the chicken because I really love garlic. The chicken was so good! The skin was crispy and the meat was so tender and not dry at all.It was an interesting experience with Georgian food. Everything we've tried tasted really good. Just with all the dough and cheese variations I was getting really stuffed from those alone. So the next time I order Georgian food, I'll make sure not to order so many kinds of cheese and bread lol.
<review# 600,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2011,6/4/2011,229,127,37,15,14>DELICIOUS. I don't think I've ever stared at a menu for so long before making a decision. I mean if you were me, would you go with the pecan duck (Carmellini allegedly makes a mean duck at Locanda Verde)? Rabbit pot pie? Hanger steak? Steamed bass? Lamb neck mole? My dinnermate was facing a similar crisis. Luckily, we resolve this issue the way we often do - by ordering enough to feed a family of four. This is how things went down: We started with the eggplant dip with savory chips (4.5 stars). A glass of cab for K and a glass of pinot noir for me. The Dutch surprises us with free cornbread. I shriek with delight. We get two orders of the Asian white boy ribs (5 stars). I think it was around this time that I became full. We order the local beets with smoked egg and dill (4 stars). I tell K that I can eat no more!I eat my lamb neck mole with chayote and red rice (5 stars). The topic of marriage comes up. K orders another glass of wine.K eats her hanger steak with smoked potatoes. I eat K's hanger steak with smoked potatoes (4.5 stars). Stuffed, we joke about ordering dessert. We order dessert. Spring sundae with rhubarb, froyo, candied lemon and brown sugar blondies (4 stars). I briefly go into a depressed state of guilt and self-loathing and we leave the restaurant.
<review# 601,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2006,6/24/2006,8,9,3,1,2>INCREDIBLE vegetarian fare. healthy, delicious, lots of options. the scallion pancakes are the best i've ever had. eat-in or take-out both highly recommended.don't miss the spinach linguine noodles with sesame sauce!only improvement would be a liquor license, but that's just because i'm a lush. :)
<review# 602,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/2/2005,6/23/2006,83,426,2,5,3>Can't speak to the food, but the margarita was mighty fine.  Service wasn't so much tinged with hipper-than-thou attitude as chilly perfunctoriness.
<review# 603,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2006,6/21/2006,482,428,11,1,8>I need to get out of the house but damn Food-TV keeps me numb.Paula Deen makes me think of mom's cooking and the purple pill. Emeril makes me think of the messy roommate during my school days. His plated dishes look like our laundry pile.Alton Brown: my home-ec teacher I tried to seduce @ 14! What was I thinking?Rachel Ray: the perky girl at the checkout in Whole-foods that comments on my purchases! (god I want to punch her out)Sandra Lee: Ugly cake (or any food) queen.Iron Chefs: who knew there could be so many horrible ice-cream flavors? Clam flan anyone?I could go on and on.....I truly miss Sara M, Too Hot Tamales and the Two Fat Ladies. I don't miss Jamie Oliver....I have his pic in my kitchen, he says good mornin' to me every day ;)Rice Queen alert....WHERE IN THE WORLD IS MING?
<review# 604,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2006,6/20/2006,85,149,17,2,2>Apparently a good place to get molested by a very drunk girl So I was down at Iggy's last weekend with two of my guy friends, a completely innocent stop on a night of LES bar hopping. I was nursing my beer, checking out this girl and waiting for the guy she was talking to step away for a minute. Then out of nowhere an obviously wasted girl comes up to me and accuses me of hogging the jukebox and playing bad music. I plead not guilty, but she insists that it was me, demanding that I empty my pockets to prove they aren't full of quarters.(Yes I really fell for this... I guess I had drank enough at that point that somehow I didn't see what was coming)Next thing I know her hand is in my front pocket, grabbing what was definitely not a roll of quarters. Not satisfied with my.. lack of excitement.. she immediately moves on to to check my friend's pocket too before I have time to react. Then as quickly as she appeared she vanished, like a sex offender in the night. Hilarious. But a sure sign that it was time to move on to the next bar.Oh yeah: cheap drinks, good unpretentious LES crowd and pretty nice for a dive bar. A good place to start off the night, or if you can score the little booth on the side a good place to hunker down with some friends and people watch. 3.5 stars for the bar, an extra half star because Rush Hour is right next door for some quality drunk food. Check it out.
<review# 605,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2006,6/18/2006,157,365,,4,4>A temple to contemporary industrial design, Moss takes a reverent tone with it's display of highly designed objects, making everything in the store feel like a museum worthy acquisition. It's all gorgeous, but one does run the risk of living in a museum after shopping here for furnishings... Though there is a great concern with form in everything Moss offers, the same cannot be said for function. Still, at least it's cool eh?For those of us who don't live in Manhattan -mossonline.com
<review# 606,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2006,6/17/2006,93,905,7,2,5>Yes. This is New York.  A crazy restaurant in the meatpacking district.  Totally insane overdone space in the middle of f'ing nowhere.  Glimpses of a celebrity chef that I used to gawk at before anyone knew what Iron Chef even was.  Great background music.  Rockstar lookalikes.  Yellow cabs and limos hanging around outside.  Damn right.A few less than sober friends tried to go take pictures of Morimoto during our meal.  He seemed to disappear when they approached.  The manager said that he would come to our table.  He didn't.  That rules.  I wouldn't have either.  Morimoto rocks.Yes, I can easily find better sushi at any number of places in the city (Gari!).  Yes, I can definitely find better noodles (Momofuku!).  I'm sure I can find better modern/japanese/american/fusion/nonsense entrees if I bothered to try.  But, it's not about that.  It's about spending a ridiculous amount of money to hang out at a "high end" space with beautiful people and amazingly presented dishes.  It's about indulging in the absurdity of life and what it has to offer.  In this regard, Morimoto succeeds amazingly. Morimoto is like high-end clothes shopping.  In the end, do the clothes I buy at Hugo Boss make me look better than the clothes that I buy at the Gap?  No, probably not.  Do I enjoy shopping at Hugo Buss much more, and having an attentive staff cater to my every whim while laughing at the riffraff outside?  Hells yes.Rock on, Morimoto.
<review# 607,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2006,6/16/2006,23,40,9,3,3>(Me) Hi.  I'm Jason, and I'm a buttercreamaholic.(All) Hi Jason.(Me) The best thing about Billy's is that you just have to open the door and you get that sensuous whiff of pure butter, sugar and heavy cream slowly melting into luscious warm cake.  The smell of Billy's is a fix all in itself.(All) Mmm-hmm.(Me) But the most tempting thing is the Carrot Cupcake, not the cake, but the cupcake.  Perfect lemon-tinged cream cheese frosting set in stiff peaks atop amazing carrot cake rounds filled with real sugary carrot shreds.  Those carrot cake cupcakes ruin me.  5 agonizingly delicious stars.
<review# 608,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2006,6/15/2006,37,140,,6,1>"Vintage reconstruction" generally means blazers with the seams ripped open, 80's t-shirts cut and sewn into tank tops, or perhaps wool skirts stenciled with funky designs, thanks to Urban Outfitters realizing that it was cheaper to buy clothes at Goodwill than it was to buy new fabric. It's far less common to find reconstructed vintage clothing that looks like itself, only better, or like something new entirely, and so I was thrilled to find Some Odd Rubies. The selection was largely dresses, and they were exquisite. For example, a cotton housedress with decorative seamwork added, and its nipped waist relaxed for a more wearable style, or what had obviously been a shapeless jersey dress transformed into something drapey, luxurious, and almost Stella McCartney-esque. My personal favorite was a 70s dress with its neckline lowered and empire waistband embellished for an Almost-Famous rockstar's-girlfriend look -- think  Burberry Prorsum's Fall 2005 collection. Many of the dresses are displayed with necklaces on the hangers, for additional inspiration in creating an outfit. There's a rack or two of newer designers, but they were unmemorable compared to the reconstructed pieces. I seem to recall prices being in the $250-$400 region, but I'll obviously just have to go back this weekend and check.
<review# 609,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2006,6/14/2006,40,217,,4,4>There are so many wonderful events in Central Park, from jazz and classical concerts all summer long, to storytelling and poetry reading, to walking tours -- just too many to name, so check out their schedule:  centralparknyc.org/activ… My favorite walking tour is Manhattan Adirondacks, which takes you over streams, under arches, through the woods along a maze of pathways in a 38-acre woodland respite. The tour takes approx. one hour.  (Wednesday, June 7, 1:00 pm; Sunday, June 18, 2:00 pm andSaturday, June 24, 1:00 pm)  Meet at the Charles A. Dana Discovery Center.
<review# 610,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2006,6/13/2006,47,63,13,5,6>Drinking beer in the sun is one of our inalienable rights as Americans.  Maybe not explicitly -- the forefathers couldn't put it in the Declaration of Independence or the Constitution because they would've looked like a bunch of wig-happy booze goons.  But it's there in the subtext, inextricably tied to the pursuit of happiness.  Drinking beer at the Boat Basin made me happy.  It was a Sunday afternoon, looking out at the boats going by on the choppy Hudson -- and I was just sitting and having a drink and some conversation with friends.  I had the seared tuna wrap appetizer, which was pretty good.  It came with a mild Wasabi sauce that added a little kick (and was the striking green of a McDonald's Shamrock milkshake).  This is not a place you go for the food, mind you -- but it's good to have it there to soak up some of the happiness you are drinking in.Considering the location, the prices weren't that bad.  Beers were $5 - $6, and the entrees were in the $10 - $15 range.  The waitress was efficient, if not overly friendly. She was also very honest.  When asked about the nachos, she stated emphatically "Don't get them.  They are awful."Another protected right:  Freedom from awful nachos.
<review# 611,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2013,11/28/2013,123,283,5,7,7>Everyone who knows me, knows how much I love this bar.  What I love most about it is when it surprises you by being totally empty. This happens about 50% of the time, but most likely it's due to the fact that, in my old age, I'm going to bars earlier and earlier.  I'm perfectly happy to go here for just one drink, and enjoy it slowly in a corner booth.  Unfortunately, it's not possible to do that when this tiny joint is teeming with other sweaty east villagers, who are also in on the secret.  The drinks are really fun, and super tastily crafted by very cool mixologists in costumes, who use floral and herbaceous infusions.  For this reason, you really need a seat to enjoy this place.  So if there are no available seats, you should probably leave and come back later (or earlier).
<review# 612,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2013,11/27/2013,706,474,6,16,10>Sunday, 12pm.Lined up and waited about 10 minutes on line to order and another 10 minutes for the food to come out.  Ordered two hamburgers with everything, half and half shake, and fries.Food was coming out smoothly from the kitchen until it stopped at one point. It got me worried that something was wrong and I would have to wait longer..but my buzzer rumbled and my ass was shaking (since I left it in my back pocket) and it was time to pick up my order.Sat down and chomped into my hamburger.  The meat patty was pretty thin and a bit overcooked, but I was so hungry I didn't really care at that point.  When I was eating the burger, I was thinking to myself this must be the worst Shake Shack out of all of them in the city (Battery Park being my favorite location) since the burger didn't taste up to par to what I've been used to at other locations in the city.   I really wished they kept the crinkle fries, but they are now thin hand-cut fries which wasn't too bad.  Shake was thick and creamy.The person handling and managing the line came over to my table and asked if everything was okay, I replied saying that the patty was over cooked.  He immediately asked what I ordered and if I want another fresh one since the one I have was not perfect.  I accepted his offered and the new fresh burger was brought to my table within 10 minutes.New burger that was brought out tasted much better and it had some thickness to the meat patty and cooked medium well, perfect. SERVICE WAS AWESOME and everyone was very friendly.  I can imagine this location will be the busiest out of any location in the nation since it's right in the middle of Grand Central Terminal.  So if you have a train to catch in less than 20 minutes, I would not order from here.  I did witness a group who had to catch a train and by the time they were waiting for their order, they had to cancel and ask for a refund because of their train schedule.
<review# 613,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2013,11/26/2013,391,841,7,10,7>As a vegetarian, I usually don't get super excited when it comes to burger spots. A salad is a starter, NOT a meal. Most burger joints offer the same veggie patties you can buy frozen in the grocery store which I usually just pass on over a grilled cheese because they are 90% textured soy protein (not so tasty). Bareburger really surprised me with its abundance of vegetarian option! They have THREE different vegan patties: black bean, mushroom, and farmer's quinoa. For those of you that prefer meatier fare they've got pretty much every kind of meat you could ask for from beef to bison to ostrich. They also have a variety of buns, wraps, toppings and sauces. I love how most of the burgers on the menu come with avocado and some delicious special sauce! They are not skimpy with the sauce either. The fries are decent. The onion rings are GREAT. They have three different kinds of fried pickles on the menu! I love that! The milkshakes are awesome! The peanut butter one had a weird gritty texture that I wasn't a fan of, but others mention it being good so maybe I just got a bad batch?They have specialty sodas which look amazing but I have yet to order. Pretty decent beer selection too.  This location is larger than meets the eye with a second floor. I love how the second floor has its own little bar so the beers flow easily. It's a little pricey for a burger place, but everything I had was quality and the service has been great! They've even let us bring in a cake from outside with no issues or extra charges. Bareburger is one of the few burger places in the city I wont sigh in disappointment when a friend suggests it. :)
<review# 614,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2013,11/25/2013,251,198,6,11,8>I read about Eight Turn Crepe on Tasting Table and, since I happened to be nearby yesterday, decided to try it for dinner (after browsing their online menu and drooling over it). Turns out it happened to be their grand opening day!The menu is a great mix of savory and sweet crepes, most of them in the $6-9 range. They also have coffee, tea, and milkshakes. I decided to go with the tofu edamame salad crepe, which came stuffed with tofu, spinach leaves, edamame, carrots, hard-boiled egg, green beans, and pistachio bits. I loved how there were plenty of tofu cubes and hard-boiled egg chunks - the "meat" of the salad. I also really liked how the pistachios added some crunchiness. One thing I didn't like, though, was the dressing/sauce. The menu description says "Eight Turn sesame dressing" and "Eight Turn tofu sauce," but I didn't pick up any hint of sesame, and the sauce tasted too mayonnaise-y for me.The place itself is super tiny - there's the counter where you order, and then a very small counter in front of the window where there's standing room for about 2 people. It'd be nice if they added a stool or two.Also, be warned: if you're taking your crepe to eat on the go (which you probably will be, given the lack of seating), take plenty of napkins. Your crepe will get messy towards the end.Conclusion: Lots of cool crepe toppings, both savory and sweet. The savory crepes make a good lunch or light dinner. I definitely want to come back to try their sweet crepes!
<review# 615,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2013,11/24/2013,370,309,7,11,7>Costata has everything I love in a restaurant:Great drinks - okay, the beer list could use some additions, but the cocktails are on point. I had the Fiori d'Arancio and it was fantastic!A menu that lends itself to ordering a fuck-ton of food. You can easily put together an awesome five course meal here. We had the bone marrow panazella (it's a salad), the garganelli alla fiamma, the Costata tomahawk ribeye, and a side of fries. The salad was good, not great, I'll try something else next time. The garanelli was obviously terrific, if Michael White ever fucks up pasta it will pretty much signal the end of days. The ribeye was cooked to perfection. I liked the rosemary it was seasoned with, but I don't get the grilled lemon that it came with - whatever, the steak was great.If I come back I'll probably bring a third person, order more apps and pasta, and split the steak three ways - it was a ton of meat for two people. I'm not a big steak guy, but my dining partner, who totally is, had trouble finishing his portion.Can't comment on desserts - too full.The service was great. It felt a bit too rehearsed, but I'll take that over shitty service off-the-cuff.
<review# 616,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2013,11/23/2013,1726,1086,7,11,11>This place is a hot mess of mixed identities and I probably would have enjoyed it a lot more 10 years ago (that was the average age of the patrons), but they've got good beers and the spicy okra and prawn po boy kind of hit the spot for me. Also, their pickle-backs were very good (barrel-fresh pickle juice, with seeds in the shot!).The best thing here is probably the music, which favors old jazz and swing-type stuff. I'd love to get my hands on their playlist, which has some lovely tunes on it.I didn't try this, but they are also touting a gimmicky thing were you can text your order to the wait staff/kitchen. Sounds potentially useful and non-retarded if it actually works.
<review# 617,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2013,11/22/2013,245,103,13,29,15>Honestly, honestly - probably the best view from a roof top bar (in nyc). For serious. I work on the 38th floor in Midtown, so I am pretty spoiled with sweet views every day. I also have been to probably 20 other roof top venues around the city, so I feel qualified and correct in saying that this is (one) of the best views possible. The view. Seriously, the view! You can see a great cityscape on one side, and a completely unobstructed view of water on the other.  Depending on your mood, you can sit on one side of the bar and see only buildings! Or you can sit on one side and see water/Jersey! Options people, options.We came with a group of 8 on a Saturday evening around 6:30pm EST. It was not crowded. When we left to get dinner around 9pm EST, it was crowded, but not absurdly crowded. This place was laid back and not pretentious- which I dig. We got couch seats and a table by the water. Our waitress was efficient. Drinks are expensive($15ish), but that is a given. I want to poetically describe how nice it is to relax with a cold drink, good friends, amazing views and perfect weather on a clear Saturday night. But, I do not want to sound cheesy.PS. I took my camera here to take photos of the sunset, just for kicks. I am not into instagram, but I can imagine a person who likes to instagram would have a blast here.
<review# 618,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2013,11/21/2013,2727,369,7,28,26>We got to the restaurant on Saturday morning for brunch, just as they were opening up. And to my surprise, there was a crowd of 15-20 people waiting outside, waiting for the hostess to open the door. It's a small restaurant that can seat about 30 people. It is also very casual, without it being a hole-in-the-wall. They have an authentic and extensive menu of various dishes and drinks. We tried their Sisig with egg, Silog breakfast with dasilog, Kamote home fries, and their chicken and waffles. And I decided to treat myself to a cocktail, the Pacquiao's punch.The sisig is a shared dish, but at first glance, it does not seem like a lot of food. Disclaimer- the description does not seem appetizing to those who are foreign to the Filipino cuisine. The sisig is an amalgamation of pork belly, cheek, ear, and snout. It is served on a sizzling hot skillet and before it is placed on the table, the waiter cracks an egg into it and mixes it all up. The meats are diced into small pieces so you would not be able to distinguish between the cheeks from the ear from the pork belly to the snout. So, just try a spoonful and hope for the best. It is a very savory dish and has a discerning aftertaste very similar to lamb and sweetbread. It isn't too garlicy, but you can tell that they add a lot of flavor with bay leaves, ginger, and pandan. Do not worry, it isn't too gamy either! I recommend sharing this dish because the taste does become repetitive. The sisig comes with a bowl of their garlic rice. It's a basmati white rice with the perfect hint of garlic and chives. It also has pieces of Thai fried garlic floating in the mix. It is perfect!Their silog breakfast is served with two eggs, however which way you like your eggs in the morning, a serving of their addicting garlic rice, and a side of their dried fish or meat. I can't testify for their meat sides, but their dasilog (one of their fried fish options) reminded me of a fish jerky. It's salted and dried and goes well with the rice. Their Kamote home fries are delicious, too. And just as addicting as their garlic rice. It is a mix of yams and potatoes, so don't be alarmed when you taste something sweet in the mix. Their chicken and waffles is a huge serving! The waffle is a purple color because it is supposed to be made of yam, but I honestly cannot taste the difference... It is good nonetheless. The two chicken pieces are usually big chunks of a leg and a thigh.And how can I not try their pineapple or coconut infused cocktails??? Their Pacquiao's punch was delicious. They have such a varied and unique drink menu, that I might come back again just to try some more of their cocktails.
<review# 619,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2013,11/20/2013,206,132,9,16,12>I'm pretty fantastic at tracing, cutting paper, coloring, and writing the alphabet by hand. I'm not at all fantastic at drawing or painting. While I won't go so far as to say that I'm suddenly fantastic at painting after taking a class at Paint Along, I will say I'm much more confident and find painting to be really fun now!!A class is usually an hour and a half long and costs $45. BUT, if you check the website on the day of a class and they still have openings available, you will only have to pay $35! You can sign up on their events calendar (rezclick.com/paintalongn…) and choose which painting you'd like to paint. The price includes paints, a canvas, brushes, a wash cup, and an apron (well, you'll only be able to take home the canvas, but it's still a good deal).Each class is BYOB. I usually become red and sleepy after consuming alcohol, so I stayed far away from the bottles of wine being passed around because I wanted to create as good of a painting as I could. My classmates who did drink seemed to have a grand time, though! Paint Along provides plastic cups and bottle openers!The instructor broke down steps in an easy-to-understand manner: she gave very good tips on spacing and shape-making, showed us how to mix paints accurately, painted an example painting for us, and made it clear that we could customize our paintings to our liking. She was very patient and a good multi-tasker, especially because she had to juggle teaching us, refilling paints, and helping those who needed a lending hand (guilty as charged). As Kristen D. mentioned, it may be nice to have an assistant who could help with these tasks, especially when a class is at full capacity. This is an exciting, unique idea for a great date night, some time alone, or with a group of friends. When we all observed our classmates' paintings at the end of class, we were amazed to see how there were little touches of personality here and there in brushstrokes and color choices! Likelihood of another visit:Very likely! I'll be keeping my eye on their events calendar. I kind of sort of probably want to have my birthday party here.
<review# 620,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2013,11/19/2013,81,227,11,15,8>If you are not a fan of spicy food - don't even think about dining at Khe-Yo.  Ditto if you are squeamish about people eating with their hands.Still with me?Ok - then here are some dining tips.  DO Enjoy the sticky rice with the sauces, DON'T make the school boy error of filling up on that..you want to save room in your tummy for the yummy (see what I did there *wink wink)!DO go easy on the bang bang sauce, its a doozy!DO order the duck salad.  Be warned it comes with little deep fried duck tongues, which are sublime.  DON'T think of the poor voiceless ducks as you let that melt in your mouth.DO, DO order the fluke ceviche. Thank me later!DO, if offered, try the special of a half a suckling pig's head.  Oh heaven help me and my cholesterol..but this was delicious.  And filling.  When it arrives, you will think -I could eat two of these.  But I was defeated after half a cheek.  Its incredibly rich.  DON'T weigh yourself for a week after this meal.
<review# 621,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2008,1/16/2009,107,62,17,23,20>Clemente's are we allowed back?We heard you say all you can eat and we did just that. We ate like it was a competition, like we had something to prove.You congratulated us as you looked at us and the bills for the month and wondered what you did. There were 5 of us there for almost 3 hours. Eating.The ocean waters had parted for us and now a whole generation of crab is missing.Can we please come back. $30. dollars and im full for 3 days. You drive an amazing bargain. Please Clemente's, please.People of Yelp.This place is out of the way and difficult to get to but it is more than worth the adventure. This has quickly become my favorite restaurant in NY.
<review# 622,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2008,1/14/2009,93,81,14,23,24>This Park Rocks!!Its size is perfect, believe me I know every trail and nook of this Brooklyn oasis.This Park is truly a piece of heaven in Brooklyn.A few of its rewards:-Staircases, if you're a runner like I used to be, those staircases are a bonus- Trails: not too many, but just enough for the avid mountain bike, ex-mssgr 'daredevil' like myself-Picnics: I have had a cooler, take out, snacks and a big blanket here with the g/f. That never gets boring.- Make out spots: My Scorpio ex and I had a great hidden 'area' where we  'played' our naughty lil' fave sport shaded by the trees/brush.'Ode to carnality.'- The Bandshell: Need I say more? From 'Isaac Hayes' to 'Third World' to 'The Brooklyn Philharmonic' to classic films, summer on the parks west side is Priceless!- Biking: Just doing laps around the park and flying down that hill, is a great experience.- The Lakes: Man made they are, but they have fit in so perfectly, you can't tell. Rent that paddle boat, its good for your legs.- The Soccer: me and my uh 'crew' used to have the best Soccer showdowns there on Sundays(I miss that). Waddup 'Rudeboy?'- The Kite flying: West Indians introduced our skilled kite making to the park, and its been a summer marriage ever since.- The Zoo- Its close proximity to the Library- Its close proximity to the friggin' Botanical Gardens.-Its close proximity to my apartment(well sorta)-The Fall: Autumns in the park is a blessing from Jah.We Love you PP, for the fitness, the photography, the animals, the beauty, the fall, the food, the frolicking, the festivals and the serenity. Always and forever.
<review# 623,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2008,1/13/2009,266,19,25,24,23>WARNING: This place is not suitable for the faint of heart, easily irritable, or women who are pregnant.This place IS for people who do not care about service, nor a quiet dining experience, but do wish it was socially acceptable to party and be boozed from 11am- 4pm in broad daylight. I am (un?)fortunately one of the latter. This place is one of my favorites. The first time I went in, you had to squeeze through all the population of the lower east side to give your name to a hostess who looks either hungover or drunk herself- whatever, respect. I did not have to wait long, because my friends had already waited the prerequisite 2 hour wait. Prince and Michael Jackson's great hits were blasting, while I sat down and was served booze immediately.  If you go, make friends with the mohawked mimosa server named Rez. He will make sure that you in no way thirsty (nor sober). If he is tired, he will literally set down a pitcher of mimosa for you to ravage on your own. This place is the originator of DRUNCH (a.k.a. drunk brunch). Do not go, unless you want the rest of your day to be completely unproductive and spent passed out.
<review# 624,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2008,1/12/2009,41,198,9,16,12>This is Sasha Petraske's way of telling downtown that The Secret Bar Is Over.  There's no hidden door or buzzer or anything -- the doors open right out onto Essex St. and Seward Park.  And I'll quote UD's early review of the place: "no muddling, no infusions, no tinctures, no gooseberry/unicorn hair simple syrups."  That pretty much sums it up.Like the previous reviewer, I also went here on the soft-opening night, and it's difficult not to be impressed by the fact that Petraske himself is behind the bar pouring absinthe cocktails. It's clearly a very personal operation. I didn't have absinthe because it was fairly early in the evening, but it looks like a lot of love has been poured (pun intended!) into White Star.I'm giving this four stars instead of five because it just isn't my kind of bar.  I'm a fan of the "secret bar" phenomenon because you can actually hear yourself think.  This place is going to be very crowded, and given the slant toward very strong drinks, likely full of dudes.
<review# 625,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2008,1/11/2009,2396,639,24,20,17>I am a work-a-holic...I work a lot...sometimes I sleep every other day..true story...on those days when I am doing one of my insane work runs, sometimes I just want some pizza.  So I walk over to two bros and I get me some pizza.  Its like going and being on a cheese line...in fact technically given the recession, low price and the fact that you are well, waiting for cheese, it is a cheese line...So when you get there...its like the soup nazi...You either want Cheese or Pepperoni (50 cents extra)...you dont get anything else cause, well, they dont have anything else...its like a recession shop seriously..you can just imagine the old man sitting in the corner exclaiming, "in my day we only had one size shoe, size six, and it was either too big or too small and if it was too small, you just walked around with stumps on your feet, but we liked it..."Toppings...garlic, crushed pepper, cheese and spit of the drunk dude that "didnt just it but also sprayed it" are optional.  You aint getting no other cheese but what you have on your pizza so don't even ask.  Special is $2.75 for soda and two cheese slices.Indeed, we liked it.  If you don't, well, go across the street and spend more money you cheap bastard.
<review# 626,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/3/2008,1/10/2009,287,215,24,25,23>First and foremost: be careful with consuming cocktails listed in the "aphrodisiac" category: they must be potent, because I spied with my little eye a particularly amorous couple making *creative* use of the restroom.  Gotta love illicit LES escapades!Toilet trysts aside, I have to admit I was ready to be a big hater on this place.  Sorry, but opening a highly-hyped / trying to be under-the-radar cocktail den in Chinatown is a little played out.  But if well-crafted cocktails becoming ubiquitous is really the worst outcome of the recent speakeasy explosion...well, I think I'll survive.Really though, I was wowed in many ways.  As others have noted, the space is gorgeous.  Weirdly enough, it reminded me a little of Campbell's Apartment (aka the bar used for "Gossip Girl" bar scenes), but is decidedly more downtown in the vibe. The cocktails were, in the words of Sarah Palin, "doggone" good, and we received complimentary "mood enhancers" to get things started (pineapple caiphrina shooters) and nightcaps (don't remember).   In between there was also a julep with special sugar from Madagascar.  Take note that the menu is really just the beginning of their offerings.  You'll have fun smelling the various herbs and ingredients at the bar, and then determining with the mixologists / bartenders / cocktail chefs / WHATEVER how to pick your perfect poison.  Esteban was particularly attentive to our every need.I guess this place is only getting three stars from me because it seemed to be trying a little too hard, and focused more on style than substance.  Example?  I asked about the special house absinthe, and was told that owner Albert Trummer only makes a batch when there's a decent crowd, and that samples are $35 a pop.  I must have raised my eyebrows, because the bartender reassured me that "it's really a show worth seeing."  It had better be, because for $35 there are many literal shows worth seeing all around NYC!For my money, all the extra focus on bells and whistles would be better focused on the booze itself.  Don't get me wrong, drinks were well above decent, but when it comes to $15 cocktails, we've got quite the selection here in NYC, so my standards are pretty high as a result.The cocktail waitress sported an ensemble also reminiscent of the Campbell's Apartment uniform (black dress with pearls, albeit much sexier than what you'd see in Grand Central) and wore fingerless lace gloves.  Umm, is this a high-end modern spot or a music montage for Madonna, circa 1988?  There was also a hilarious contraption designed to infuse coconuts with alcohol and herbs.  To me, it looked more like a torture device, but you gotta give them credit for all the cocktail nerd gear (well, I did, but my companion thought it was another gimmicky add-on :-)Go on a weeknight to avoid door / crowd issues.  Even if you think it's all just one fancified homage to other existing cocktail greats, I think you'll enjoy.  And if you're interested in "a show" without dropping $35 on the absinthe, just keep an eye out around the restrooms!
<review# 627,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2008,1/9/2009,2,19,5,18,13>Blue Smoke is surprisingly good BBQ in Manhattan. It really is difficult to top the different varieties of BBQ that spring forth from the South after all, that's their thing. But this urban foray into BBQ is admirable and manages to round out solid meat offerings with very good sides and fantastic desserts.In addition to wings (see Fire on the Mountain for my extensive treatment of the subject for more on wings), I'm a BBQ rib fiend. These are two dishes that against my own better judgment I frequently 1) Consume to excess 2) Occasionally baste with excessive quantities of pain inducing hot sauces 3) Order anyway in spite of clearly better menu alternatives either out of habit or simply for the sake of making a comparison. I focus here on the ribs.Blue Smoke offers Kansas City pork ribs, Memphis baby back pork ribs, and Texas beef ribs. I'm generally partial to pork ribs. However, Blue Smoke comes out strong with an understated but well prepared salt and pepper dry rub beef rib. The meat breaks apart nicely and retains enough moisture to give a good mouth feel and texture. The beef flavor presents strongly and has a nice smoky hint to it. If you've primarily had pork ribs that are heavy on sauce, Blue Smoke might provide you with a chance to try a very good beef rib offering.The pork ribs are a curiosity in my view. The KC ribs employ a traditional BBQ sauce applied to spare ribs. By contrast, the Memphis ribs are baby back ribs with the expected minimalist vinegar and tomato based mop sauce. What's strange about this is that I think they would be better off doing the spare ribs Memphis style, where the meat flavor is a little more on display, and the baby back ribs with the KC preparation. Baby back ribs (and short ribs, for that matter) are best served slathered in a sauce or marinade suitable to the heavier KC BBQ sauce.If you're doing ribs at home on the grill, a slathering of KC sauce or something like a Hawaiian or Asian style marinade is great for baby back and short ribs: it's brainless and it tastes great. This works out because those rib cuts aren't the greatest cuts of meat and this preparation tenders and provides a little more pronounced flavor. By contrast, Memphis BBQ preparations are minimalist on sauce and for that reason, the better meat found on the spare rib would really work better. Also, Memphis BBQ is often served with some sauce on the side, which isn't the case at Blue Smoke. For people expecting more on their ribs this might be a bit disappointing.But what do I know? Danny Meyer is the famous chef in this equation, and he's got this (apparently) respected pit guy, Kenny Callaghan, working the meat. With that little digression aside, a couple remarks on the pork ribs themselves are in order.First off, they're both good. The Memphis baby back ribs are slight in the sauce department but they remain moist and tender. The rub ("Magic Dust" they call it) brings out a nice flavor and the sauce provides a pleasant, but not overpowering complement. I think I'm partial to those over the KC preparation, which is also good although not mind-blowingly awesome. Again, tender and moist with a sauce that provides a sweet BBQ flavor without drowning out the meat. In both cases, the meat comes off the bone nicely, although it doesn't quite slide off, as though melting away, like you'll find with some truly sublime ribs.Invariably when it comes to ribs, there's always a contingent of people who say you can't possibly call [these ribs] good compared to what you get in [insert Southern region here]. Those people then apply the absurdly faulty reasoning that the ribs in question are therefore terrible, and call it one star. The only tripe around here is that position. Don't jive me with that cosmic debris.The ribs are good, even by national standards. The premium that you're paying might feel a bit high based on the meat alone, especially compared to what you picked up one time at Tyrone's Pit, where he's got the trailer set up and once the meat runs out in the afternoon you're out of luck. This isn't Tyrone's Pit though, and it isn't a shack in Smalltown, South. On ribs alone, these are good and probably some of the best you'll find in Manhattan. The portions are quite good as well, so that's a plus. I didn't eat dinner after lunch at Blue Smoke.The sides are important because whatever complaints one might have with the meat, the sides are exceptional. I know a woman who doesn't like BBQ at all, but likes Blue Smoke because of the sides. The macaroni is a creamy, gooey, delicious treat. That's the must-have item on the sides. Sweet potato fries, mashed potatoes, and greens receive high marks as well.  Kudos for the deviled egg appetizer as well.Finally, and importantly, dessert should not be skipped. Blue Smoke has a dedicated pastry chef who makes obscenely decadent desserts. The ice cream is homemade everyday, so don't be bashful ordering "just ice cream."
<review# 628,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2008,1/7/2009,299,846,35,20,29>Jeffrey died for somebody's sins but not mine....To the tune of Patti Smith's version of "Gloria"youtube.com/watch?v=aBRh…Eatin, without relief6 a pound, I'm a thiefbeef on the bonewings for myownthey belong to me... meeee.... Doctors say bewarebut I don't care.Fat is justthe rule for carnivation to me.... meI-i am walking on back, to the meat man windowI want some more uh that uhhh, pork and chicken somethin, well, anything's allowed.If I get some starches, I'd just get boredUntil I, see him cut off some more sirloin,cuttin me another piece and salt and grease me another piece.wooahh! it looks so good! ohhh, she looks so fine,and I get this crazy feeling that I'm gonna ah-ah make it mineohhahhahh my eyes are, so damn wideHere it comes!comin off the spithere she comes!drippin tons of shithere it comes!don't be so scaredhere it comesblinding all my eyesall that red red meat, yeahohh it looks so good, ohh, she looks so fine!and I got this crazy feeling that I'm gonna ah-ah make it minemidnight - still taste itBack on the barsalt meat back on the barand I walk out, down that Brasilian blockand say, oh my God this is fatty and so crispyand I want it allevery bone by Brazil. He whispers to meand I take a big whiff andoh it was so good, ohh she was so fine and I'm gonna tell the world, that it just ah-ah blew my mind and I said, darlin, tell me your name, what is this place?He whispered to me, He told me this placeand the name isand the name isand the name isand the name is -A-S-Torr-IAyayayayayayayayaAs-T-O-R-I-AAstoooria! As-T-O-R-I-A Astorrriaa!As-T-O-R-I-A Astoooria! As-T-O-R-I-AAstoooria!Continue...
<review# 629,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2008,1/6/2009,70,88,27,19,18>Ok dudes, check it out.  Hakata Tonton is my favorite newish place ever to exist.  Lemme paint you a picture.Ok, imagine a pig.  Piglet will do.  Awww, so cute.  Now imagine taking that pig and cutting all his feet off.  Poor Piglet.  Lastly, imagine turning those severed feet into a delicious melange of unique dishes inspired by various world cuisines.  Welcome to Hakata Tonton.My friend and I got about 6 different things off of the tapas-style menu, and all of them were worth going back for.  The ratatouille was a favorite of mine.  The millefeuille was also delicious and tasted like pizza.I never realized how diverse something as distinctive as a pig's foot could be.  I had previously only eaten the thing in the form of... well a pig's foot cut off and shoved in a pot and then put on a plate.  This was a truly delightful experience.Incidentally, though not surprising given the name, this is a Japanese restaurant, so while many of the dishes are inspired by world cuisine, many are straight-up Japanese, and most are fusion.Anyway, I gotta go to lunch now... somewhere that will be nowhere near as satisfying.  Make a point to check this place out.  Just don't read Winnie the Pooh beforehand.
<review# 630,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2008,1/5/2009,485,350,14,22,21>For my recent birthday, two good friends took me to dinner, and had made reservations at what we believed was going to be Samba-Le.  Turns out that Samba-Le is no more, and has been supplanted by a new restaurant called Yerba Buena (meaning "good herb" -- one can only surmise what was behind that naming decision. Ha!).  Whereas Samba-Le was apparently some mix of Italian and Brazilian, Yerba Buena lands solidly in the Latin American category, with a Cuban influence.Despite walking in and being slightly mystified, we were soon pleasantly surprised by all aspects of this new restaurant which, according to our super accommodating maitre'd Giovanni, has only been open a week.My friend and I sat at the bar waiting for our third dinner companion, and partook of some extremely tasty (not to mention enthusiastically crafted) mojitos.  Upon learning that we were celebrating my birthday, Giovanni informed us that he was going to make sure we had an extremely special evening, and indeed it was. When our remaining companion arrived and we were seated, Giovanni brought out a bottle of kava for us to share, on the house.The service, overall, was superior. It was attentive but unobtrusive, sophisticated but friendly and unhurried; our glasses were never low for more than 30 seconds before they were being refilled.  For appetizers we had a red snapper ceviche which was prepared with lime and cilantro, and prawns that were topped with chopped sauteed garlic and seasoning. Both were excellent; the ceviche flavorful and tangy, and the prawns tender and juicy.For the main course two of us had the "Ropa Vieja" (which means "old clothes"), which is a shredded preparation of beef with "patacones" which are fried plantains. The meat was succulent and juicy and prepared just right, and the plantains were crispy, warm and delicious. My other companion had the Roasted Suckling Pig (which also came shredded), also with plantains and mojo (which was good, since this friend said he had been trying to get his mojo back for quite awhile). The taste I had of the pork was delicious as well, and I'd go back just to have that next time, but both dishes were quite delicious and satisfying.The evening was capped off with desert and a preliminary port tasting consisting of Fonseca Bin 27, a Dow I can't remember the variety of, and one other that was fairly sweet, the name of which also escapes me.  We chose the Dow, and decided to split the Churros dessert, which came drizzled with caramel, vanilla ice cream and chocolate sauce for dipping. They were absolutely fantastico. It was delivered with a candle and a song, which made it even more special. Giovanni also generously delivered two more desserts on the house, one of which was a very subtly sweet rice pudding, that was definitely noteworthy.Prices are not super cheap, with main courses in the mid-twenties, but I would say that for the quality of the food and service, it was really quite a bargain. The atmosphere and decor are sophisticated but festive, and they play a mixture of latin and that lounge music that seems inescapable in New York City. I happen to like it, so for me it was all good.I would highly recommend Yerba Buena, and I would also highly recommend Giovanni as a maitre'd. He's very knowledgeable and has just the right touch with overseeing service. Dinner was a fabulous experience from start to finish.
<review# 631,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2011,4/22/2012,208,97,4,8,8>Ok, granted this was my VERY first time having Ethiopian food, you can take this review for what it is. I know, I know, what took me so long? I honestly don't have any excuse. But now I can cross that off my list and I plan on crossing it off plenty more because I now LOVE Ethiopian food!There were six of us, and we ordered five entrees which was plenty to go around. We actually had trouble finishing it all. I have to agree with the majority of the reviewers that said the vegetarian entrees are the best. We ordered two orders of the veg combo and the rest were meat but I'd say the veg combos were the best.[EDIT: We went back again last week and this time, both the meat and veg dishes were amazing. The meat wasn't as salty as the last time which implies a bit of inconsistency in their food but I think I'm willing to risk that just for their veg combo] We also got the avocado salad. It was really good! Perfectly vinegary and it was gone in less than a minute. We also ordered the honey wine which complemented the food very well. However, it was too sweet for my taste. It reminded me of the plum wine they offer at Japanese restaurants. The place isn't too big but they can accommodate parties of about 10 people as long as you let them know ahead of time. Also, the service was great despite the fact that our party kept changing the number of seats we would need. I've worked as a server before so I know how annoying this can get, especially when you have a packed house. However, everyone was really nice and I plan to be back!
<review# 632,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2012,4/21/2012,419,357,10,11,9>I just committed a robbery. I swear I did. $3.95 for 3 big bread rolls and a goat cheese/spinach turnover. WHAT?! Yeah- that's how I know I robbed Savoy Bakery. HA. In the same borough we have places like Pain Quotidien that charge an arm and a leg for a coffee and a pastry, it's difficult to believe places like Savoy exists. Obviously they do. This place is just awesome. "The coffee's awesome here!" I told the girl at the register, incredulous. She just laughed and thanked me. Pastries are ridiculously enticing and mocked me for opting to get simply a coffee and not indulging in the past. Well today I indulged and am glad I did- their pastries rock! AND to my understanding, they're made in-house (at this big kitchen you can see at the back through a huge window) which makes it that much better! Not only is their regular cup of joe absolutely delicious- strong yet smooth, and it kicks Sbux drip's ass any day, their baked goods are also delicious. I caved and bought a dinner roll (I'll explain) and a goat cheese and spinach turnover. The DINNER ROLL was my mother's idea so we bought 3- one being MINE, of course. I ate it. Well, actually I took one bite. I really don't know what happened to the rest of the roll-- it disappeared before my eyes! :( The turnover was good too although I'd prefer it had more filling-- but at a mere $2, I'd gladly have it again. It was a great snack (although I'm sure the calorie intake isn't very snack-like). It was great and got me through a 3 hour work meeting-- yikes! Savoy is a must see, must visit, must try if you're ever in El Barrio! Do trust.
<review# 633,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2012,4/20/2012,73,234,8,5,6>Her: "Join me and I will complete your training!  With our combined strength, we can end this destructive conflict and bring order to the galaxy!"Me: "I'll never join you!"Her: "If you only knew the power of vegetarianism!!!"I'm a carnivore.  Put me in the vicinity of an Argentinian steakhouse and I run rampant.  I will toss over cars and break free from an enclosure as if I was the T-Rex in Jurassic Park.  However, I'm dating a vegetarian (and according to Jules Winfield, this will pretty much make me a vegetarian) so I have to look for places that cater to her dietary preferences without sacrificing my desire to eat yummy dead animals.My friend's significant other is a vegetarian and though she herself is an omnivore, she raved about Red Bamboo.  The food is amazing!  I have had the Voodoo Sticks and though my brain knows it wasn't meat, my mouth didn't believe it.  My date ordered the southern-fried chicken (though she believes it was baked) and she was blown away.  We've been here a handful of times but she says that this is hand down her favorite restaurant.  From her, high praise indeed.It's usually busy but if you leave your name and number, they will call you once a table is available.  Friendly service is one more reason that I'll be coming here often.I love steak.  I love chicken.  I love pork.  But Red Bamboo will be always pull me to the dark side, the siren's call that will demand that I submit to its cornucopia of culinary meat-free delights.
<review# 634,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2012,4/19/2012,156,655,5,9,10>Spanish Harlem has for many years held it down as the place for good Mexican food, and this place was part of why. Cafe Ollin has been open for at least three years, and I used to go regularly at lunch and find the place deserted. I loved the food, the friendly owner, who also took orders and helped cook, plus the no-frills, hole-in-the-wall vibe the place exuded. Yet, I often worried the place wouldn't survive, as I'd see so few customers come in. After leaving a job I had around the corner, I stopped coming by, and just revisited for the first time in over two years. Thankfully, the place has survived, and although I never had come for dinner (it was my lunch spot), it seems like business is great. There were four or five chefs at work, plus a waitress and a cashier, a far cry from the days when it was just the owner and one guy in the kitchen. To see this business doing well was heart-warming.As for the food, I used to come here for the burritos and tortas, which are always huge and always delicious. This place uses the best ingredients and prepares their beans, rice and meats well. I would highly recommend a torta de carne enchilada, or a cemita with the same meat. The carnitas or pollo asado burritos are also delicious.On my most recent trip, however, being as it was dinner, I opted for my favorite dish (and the one I measure Mexican restaurants by): enchiladas. I was not disappointed. Although different than those from my native New Mexico, they still had everything I wanted in a good enchilada. They were smothered in spicy green chili, covered with raw onions, sour cream, and parmesan-like cheese, and stuffed with tasty chicken. Needless to say, I cleared my plate.My girlfriend had the chorizo cemita and loved it, but still could only finish one half. Another friend order the barbacoa de res and devoured it briskly. The spicy red chili smothered over large chunks of meat more resembled the carne adovada we make back home, but it looked so good I'm going to have to go back to try it myself.One final comment, I long advocated for El Paso and still enjoy the food there, but this place surpasses it in terms of flavor, quality of service, price, and humility.El Paso has opted to be the choice of the gentrifying elements of El Barrio, but this place aspires only to survive and provide delicious food. This should be at the top of ever NYers restaurant lists.
<review# 635,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2011,4/18/2012,286,739,4,7,7>Love this little joint! What's to die for? Takoyaki (Octopus balls) and Okonomiyaki (savory pancakes).  Like most people, I was initially quite perturbed by the idea of eating Octopus balls...wait, what? "Balls"? But no, it's just grilled octopus rolled into a ball-shaped dumpling. But, whoa, Octopus?  Trust me, it tastes just like calamari. Whatever magic they do in that tiny kitchen, their takoyaki are the best.  I also love their Okonomiyaki and you get to choose either beef, shrimp, pork, or squid in your pancake. Add a bit of mayo, sauce, and bonito flakes, you get this amazing meal for under $10. The only set back is that the place is really really tiny (no seating; just take-out) and it's a bit of wait since they make everything on the spot.  Therefore, guaranteed freshness.
<review# 636,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2011,4/17/2012,240,971,4,7,6>Nestled inside the Ace Hotel is The Breslin, an English inspired Gastropub that (along with Albert Hall) is rapidly changing my perception of these establishments.  This is no greasy spoon, but instead underneath its exterior of pig sculptures, old kitchy items and dark wood is an eatery and bar that takes both its food and drink seriously.  I've only hung out at the bar so far, but that seems to be a good area to chill with friends or just by yourself.The staff is very friendly and if time allows, very open to engaging in conversation.  The place can get crazy busy at times so if you're dining in, a reservation may be in order.My first experience with The Breslin involved its cocktails, here's a rundown:Forbidden Fruit: A mix of brandy, bitters, citrus and ginger beer, this is a rather mild tasting drink, but it sneaks up on you like a wine would.  This would probably be good to have with food.Rush of Blood to the Head: Prosecco, blood orange and more, this is my favorite drink.  It's sweet, but packs a punch to back up the sweetness.  I think I downed three of these and was really nicely buzzed on one visit.Liquid Swords: Whiskey, Chartreuse, Curacao, - this thing is pure liquor and it packs an insane punch.  A very manly drink with dark flavors that you really have to nurse.And what about food?  They do that pretty darn amazingly too!Seafood Sausage:  Made by the restaurant, this concoction includes fish and lobster inside a sausage on a wonderful cream sauce with some greens.  It was *amazing* and I instantly wanted another.  The sausage has a great chew and with the greens and sauce it's pure win.Frittata with ricotta cheese: Beautiful in presentation with tons of cheese on top, this thing is super rich, so have a drink handy to help wash it down.  French Fries: Thick cut, deliciously crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside, these are served with a cumin mayo that makes your mouth sing.I can't wait for my next visit to this awesome place!
<review# 637,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2012,4/16/2012,315,285,19,18,24>Granted, I'd had an emotionally vulnerable day, and I was likely to be enamored of any great meal, especially alongside my darling friend of 14 years, briefly in town from the left side.We were treated as both royalty and like old friends, complete with stories about regulars, light medical history, our gentle server's half-marathon time the day before (I solicited all these stories; I'm sure they automatically come with neither the buttery miso cod, cooked in yuzu over low heat for 48 hours, nor with the gigantic tray of perfectly transparent, sensational iberian ham with tomato toast.)Alam opened new bottles of wine to pour our glasses, which we left him to thoughtfully select for us. Oh my sweet tiny baby Jesus, I just remembered I forgot to tell you about the amuse bouche courses.1. In a huggably warm large shot glass were three perfect layers to start dinner: creamy foie, dark purple port, and parmesan foam on top, which managed to be the lingering, subtlest flavor that I marveled in stunned silence while our second course was prepared.2. Chilled white asparagus soup, surely inspired by Miró, centered with a garlicky tomato dollop, generous caviar on a creme fraiche pillow at 12 o'clock, a couple other colored dots of flavor here and there, and the two most pungent microbasil leaves I've ever met.3. (Yes, three unannounced starter courses.) Raw hamachi tightly cuddling mashed avocado, improved a thousand times by julienned mint leaves and citrus vinaigrette, sour notes biting through every half second or so. This was my friend's favorite bite of the night.I think we were talking more about which cast members in Newsies were cast from SYTYCD over the second appetizer course, creamy asparagus soup over lobster, trumpet mushrooms, and cashews; and perfect, perfect spaghetti with razor clams and roasted tomatoes.God is good, and the chefs were kind to give us a five-minute respite before the main course. His Wagyu with wasabi spinach was perfect to behold, but I was too full to try it. I barely had two nibbles of my veal/chicken/ham pate, but it's perfectly wrapped in a Four Seasons box in my fridge, and something tells me it'll make good leftovers.I hope I'm doing an adequate job communicating how incredible it all was, because it was one of the finest meals I've had, emotional vulnerability notwithstanding.Of course, the gracious chef came out to say hello before dessert. Tart yogurt sorbet and prickly pear preceded our our heavenly chocolate "Tendance," which (of course) was accompanied with another unrequested treat, a bubble of shiny blown sugar filled with elderflower cream and pineapple sorbet. Of course my espresso had a foamy smile on top. The meal queued a happy playlist to sing in my head as I walked home on a perfect night in my perfect town, feeling more grateful for everything.
<review# 638,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2012,4/15/2012,583,242,14,13,15>Take a ride on the Orient Express. Walk up to the sexy, dimly lit bar and pull up a seat for your ride. The bartender will conduct you as you sip your way back through time. You'll board the train in Paris with the Sleeping Car, though far from sleep you will be as you shake hands with Houdini, cross over The Danube, and bundle up as you make your way through the Simplon Pass. As you go along your journey you may even sit down and listen to Agatha Christie share her latest tale with you or move your feet to a new dance move from the Mata Hari herself. By the time the train reaches Istanbul you will even get the chance to share a drink with James Bond. As you depart, you'll be filled with such affection for the Orient Express that your mind will float away and your heart will be singing, "At last my love has come along, my lonely days are over and life is like a song."
<review# 639,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2011,4/14/2012,33,139,2,14,6>If you've never been on one of the Tenement Museum tours, I encourage you to try one out. Yes, they are $20 a pop. But it is absolutely money well spent.At least one of the tours is a living history tour -- your guide is in character and in costume. However, this is not true of all the tours, so it's best to check in advance. Please also check their website to see what floor each tour is on. I mention this, because there are no elevators. Personally, I hoof it up 3 flights of stairs at least once a day, because I live in a walk-up. But walking up to a 4th floor apartment isn't for everyone -- if you're bringing small children, someone with bad knees, or heart problems, you might want to aim for a tour that explores an apartment on lower floor. (This is what I did when I brought my mom, who had finally recovered from a dislocated ankle -- going to the 2nd floor was doable. Going to the 4th floor, not so much.)The amount of history that the guides cram into each tour - complete with documents from actual former residents of of the apartments, and often with audio recordings of conversations etc. - is amazing. You learn so much and it is not at all dry or tedious. You get a real sense of how it was to live in the tenements, and what challenges the residents faced as immigrants. On both tours I attended, every single person was completely focused on the guide. Both times, I left wanting to immediately do an another tour that same day -- and would have, if I hadn't already had plans mapped out for the day.The Tenement Museum experience has, both times, been an utter delight, and I plan to eventually do each tour that is offered. Two thumbs up - more, if I had more than two thumbs.
<review# 640,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2012,4/13/2012,816,264,9,8,11>Great Melkor's Ghost this place is AMAZING!! One look at the bartender's beard and I knew this was the one.Finding the door is easy. First of all, there's a doorman. On the remote chance that he isn't there, the door says Vault in large print. I almost wish this place was harder to find, because they change the music to top forty stuff whenever the bar is crowded, which is...every weekend. And as much as I'd like to, society frowns on people drinking on Tuesdays. There goes listening to Duke Ellington and swilling bourbon. It's ok, Vault, I love you anyway. I hope losing "at Pfaff's" and "the" isn't too forward.The waitresses look like ringmasters, the menu is folded like a newspaper, and the cocktails are sixteen dollars, but it's somehow not pretentious. You get the typical "we aren't thirty yet, I promise! watch me bro it up as proof" suit and tie crowd, but I got the sense that nothing could take away from the laid back yet elegant vibe of the place. It's a feeling a bar achieves from being the genuine article, not a cheesy Mad Men-esque caricature. We came for the Yelp Drinks special, but I could honestly say that I'll go again, sans special, because it's worth it. The Subway Rumble was my favorite drink of the night, mostly because I like scotch, but everything we tried was phenomenal. Our waitress was also incredibly knowledgeable, helpful, and accommodating. When she talked me into trying the Bohemian, she checked with me multiple times after I received it, assuring me that if it was too sweet she would happily take it off our tab and bring something else. The Leaves of Grass actually came with a piece of grass, which we tried using as a stirrer, somewhat effectively. It was probably the strongest tasting drink of the night, but it was still balanced and eminently enjoyable. The Ada Clare was a little sweet for me, but it was perfect for her. Our waitress talked me out of getting a Melkor's Ghost, even though I was ordering it 80% for the name. Maybe next time.I could talk about this place for much longer than this review warrants, so I'll sum this up by saying places like this make me thankful for Prohibition. Hats off to you, Volstead Act. I like to think that after his attempted veto was overridden, Woodrow had a glass or two here....I'm so wearing a cardigan next time.
<review# 641,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2008,9/27/2008,38,38,7,11,10>Cognitive Dissonance.According to Britannica.com, this psychological phenomenon is "the mental conflict that occurs when beliefs or assumptions are contradicted by new information."I had spent several weeks eagerly clicking the Momofuku website at 9:59:50 to login to try to score a reservation - they say this place is harder to book than Per Se.  David Chang is being lauded as the best new chef this side of Hester Blumenthal or Ferran Adria (ok, I'm exaggerating, but only a little).  Surely this means I could not give Ko anything less than five stars, could I???  Well, I copped out and gave it five stars, but it was close.Others have already described the decor, so no need to belabor that.    I went with a female friend, and, as others have also mentioned, we were served different things on a least a few courses.  We noticed that there were two other pairs eating at the same time, and the man received the same dishes I did, while the woman received the same food as my friend.  However, the last group consisted of two girls, and one of them was served the same food I was, so I don't think it's completely by gender.  I think they do try to give a group of people a variety.  In addition to the food, you can pick from a $50, $85, or $150 (!!!) drink tasting menu.  I was going to go for the $50, but my friend talked me into splitting the $150, asking me "When do you think you'll come next???"I thought the first 1/2 of the meal was underwhelming.  The biggest disappointments: Spiced chicharron (aka pork rind) - After hearing so much about this, I was sorely disappointed. The rind was too subtle (read: bland).  I honestly would rather have eaten pork rinds from a bag, or, as my friend put it, good ol' Chinese style shrimp chips are better.Kim chee consomme with pork belly and raw oyster  - The consomme is a latter-day version of kimchee chigae, and I have to say this was the most disappointing dish, because i had looked forward to it the most.  Neither the broth nor the pork had much flavor, and the oysters were not enough to save the day.  Other dishes that were bland were the chawan mushi with asparagus, pea soup with crawfish, and halibut.  So how the heck can I justify giving them five stars?  Because of the last 4 dishes:The shaved foie gras torchon - You know when you eat flavored shaved ice desserts, such as those at Vietnamese or Korean restaurants? When you put a spoonful in your mouth, all the shaved ice melts together into once mass, and then you taste the intense sweetness of the azuki bean or condensed milk?  This is the same, except better - you put a big bite of shaved foie gras in your mouth, just experiencing the powdery texture, but not the taste yet.  Then it all starts melting together, and you get this taste explosion in your mouth. Combine that with the lychee and the pinenuts.  Foie gras in general is great when you contrast the rich flavor with the sweetness of fruit and the bitterness of nuts, and David Chang nailed this combination.  Wow.  Deep fried short ribs - Tender and moist on the inside, yet crispy on the outside, and flavorful throughout.  That says it all...Fried apple pie with sour ice cream and miso paste - This felt like it came straight out of the Wylie Dufresne/Sam Mason school of dessert-making.  Great crispy apple pie, with just enough sweetness and tartness, combined with some ice cream and some intense paste.Cereal milk panna cotta - brings you back to your childhood, it tastes like a fantastic bowl of corn flakes in milk on those days when you poured the perfect amount of flakes from the box and added just the right amount of milk, and the cereal has been soaking in the milk long enough to impart its flavor, but not long enough to melt into the milk.Also, the pasta with mascarpone and snails that Janelle mentioned was pretty good, and so was the hens egg with caviar and potato chips (though I have to say, many others are doing pretty good things with eggs these days).  Of course, my review of each dish is a bit irrelevant, because if you go, you'll eat exactly what they feed you and like it.  So should you slavishly mark out 10am every day to sit at your computer to try to book a res here?  The answer is yes, because some of the dishes served were transcendent.  However, I will say that I have had recent meals at L'Atelier, Adour, and Dovetail, to name a few, that were consistently better throughout all the courses.  So sure, if it takes a few seconds of your time, try to score a res.  But if you don't get one, don't worry about it, and go eat at some of the restaurants above (and others) that are just as good or better and won't cause you as much stress to book.
<review# 642,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2008,9/26/2008,205,261,14,15,17>The last 4 times I've been by here they have actually been open!!!4 stars for that! Seriously the other 20 times I'd come by they would be closed. At like 3:30 in the afternoon.So they are going to lose a star for the random hours, because if I find myself all the way over here and I can't get my coffee, I feel like going Kung Foo on a bitch. There is no where else to turn but the diner, a bodega or McD's if this place is closed.But I think I am catching on to their system.- Every other Wednesday and fourth day in the month they probably won't open. -Every other Thursday and Friday they may be open for a half hour, one hour tops in the 11-2pm range. -Saturdays and Sundays, call ahead. They may be at a BBQ at the beach or across the street at the park or something.-Monday and Tuesdays they'll be open till 3:35 (well maybe 2:30 if it's a nice day).*Not a bad idea to knock on the window even if the closed sign is turned around. I've detected some activity and a mellow vibe floating out from the cracks under the door.Seriously, seriously...this place is cozy. The coffee is good, but what do i know, I'll drink that bodega crap. But the vibe, man, is alright.
<review# 643,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2008,9/25/2008,355,129,14,26,18>Have been dining here since day one and over the years, I've noticed:-more crowds.-inexperienced hostesses that try to make you wait when there are three empty tables (sorry, but we can't seat the three of you because that's a table for four.....and oh, sorry we can't seat you there because those two tables are only for two people each.  Hello...manager?)-more YUNnies (Young Urban Narcissists).All that aside, I'm still giving Mermaid Inn FOUR STARS because:-Their pommes frites are probably the most crispy, delightful, sodium-indulgent extravaganza you will ever experience..even better than McD's!!  The Chesapeake Old Bay spices are amazing!!-The seafood spaghetti is better than ever -- scallops, shrimp, swiss char and basil done simple with perfectly cooked al dente pasta.  Delicioso!-You don't need to order dessert - each patron is given a tasty chocolate pudding in a small espresso cup at the end of your meal.In the 4+ years Mermaid Inn has been open, they haven't raised their prices extravagantly like other restaurants in the East Village!  Bravo for keeping it realz!
<review# 644,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2008,9/24/2008,277,531,24,21,22>Michael: A buh-buh buh buh-buh J5: A buh-buh buh buh-buh Michael: You went to school to learn, girl Things you never, never knew before... Jermaine: Like I before E except after C... Michael: And why 2 plus 2 makes four Now now now, I'm gonna teach you... J5: Teach you, teach you Michael: All about love, dear... J5: All about love Jermaine: Sit yourself down, take a seat All you gotta do is reapeat after me. CHORUS: J5: ABC Michael: Easy as... J5: 123 Michael: Or simple as... J5: Burger Shot BarMichael: ABC, 123, baby, you and me girl!J5: ABC Michael: Easy as... J5: 123 Michael: Or simple as... J5: Burger Shot BarMichael: ABC, 123, baby, you and me! Tito: Come on, let me chew you just a little bit! Jackie: Come on, let me dip you just a little bit! Jermaine: I'm a going to teach how to eat it out! Michael: Come on, come one, come on Let me show you what it's all about! A burger, shot and beer bar Are the branches of the fun times tree Jermaine: But without the roots of love every day, girl Michael: Your education ain't complete T-T-T-Teacher's gonna show you J5: Show you, show you Michael: How to get an A! J5: Nyah nyah nyah nyah nyah nyah! Michael: Spell "burger" "shots" "beer"J5: Add the three! Jermaine: Listen to me baby, that's all you gotta do! REPEAT CHORUS BRIDGE: Michael: Sit down, girl! I think I love you! No! Get up, girl! Show me what you can do! Shake it, shake it, baby, come on now! Shake it, shake it, baby, ooo oooh! Shake it shake it, baby, huh! 123, baby, oo ooo! ABC, baby, nah nah! Burger Shot Beer, baby, huh! That's how easy love can be. J5: ABC Michael: ABC, it's easy Easy as123 It's like counting up to 3 Or simple as burger Shot BeerSing a simple melody ALL: That's how easy love can be! $1-3 fries, super mini burgers, shots, beers, etc. I have easily enjoyed 4 people sharing 1 uber pitcher (3 beersish each?), 4 shots, 3 orders burgers and 4 orders fries, a 25% tip... and for only $20 each. The fries were all very tasty, with the sweet potato fries edging the others out. Companions enjoyed the mini burgers too. Very super small White Castle-esque. Tables and chairs are a 6 on the comfortable scale, but the decor is totally, as they say, cute enough. I'd not take a group bigger than 8-10 here tops. There's a small back patio but its 2 tables are usually pretty full. One bathroom for all those packed in people though? SO does not deserve the five stars the rest of Burger Shot Bar does.
<review# 645,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2008,9/23/2008,664,120,51,19,22>The lady in the gift shop called me Papi.Then she charged me $2 for a packet of two Advil.Como se dice, "sugar daddy?"However, this place did afford me the opportunity to have the following text message exchange with a friend:Him: This will shock you, but Willie Nelson's weed is outstanding.Me: This won't shock you, but I'm looking at the Chrysler Building.Him: On your tv?Also, I'm currently sharing music with someone named "Fruit Salad" on their wireless network. "Fruit Salad" owns lots of Barenaked Ladies.
<review# 646,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2007,9/22/2008,608,608,41,30,29>So I realized recently that I may not have withheld enough money from my paychecks (oops, my bad) and might end up having to pay upwards of 10 Gs come tax season.Yes.10 Gs.AT LEAST.Okay, after picking myself up off the floor upon a total and utter meltdown, I took a deep breath and reassessed my spending habits.Annnnnnnnnnnd...let's just say that those $60-70 "I feel like treating myself to Jean-Georges" lunches have morphed into...50 cent sesame pancakes (which are REALLY good) and 5 for $1 dumplings from Fried Dumpling (flavorful and, more importantly, bountiful!).And, yes, like Jean-Georges, I am also giving Fried Dumpling five stars.At this point, you can either think "WTF" or you can...go to Fried Dumpling with the loose change under your sofa cushions and find out for yourself! :)
<review# 647,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/4/2008,9/21/2008,43,21,58,22,15>After a week that had been extremely stressful, a friend offered to take me for a run, followed by Brunch, followed by a massage at this institution.  Sort of a way to relax me....mind, belly, and body ( I have no soul).Since I was going to have a massage, I was more than happy to run a little harder than normal, and finished the 6.2 mile loop of central park in a 7.5 minute pace.  Legs tight, my friend and I left for a brunch that consisted of three cups of coffee before heading to this massage salon.Walking in, they immediately were able to take us, and ushered us down the beige painted dimly lit hallway while the Asian version of an Enya CD played on the music system.  Why is it that every place where you can get a massage plays this music?My massage room was the typical beige, and I was told to disrobe and lay down on the table, which I did.  Now is it just me...or does anyone else get uncomfortable wondering...do I go naked under the towel...or do I wear underwear?  For this massage...I chose to go commando under the towel, and lay only  a moment before my Asian masseuse entered the room.She asked what kind of pressure I preferred (medium pressure please), and asked if I was ready, BEFORE REMOVING MY TOWEL.  Ladies and gentlemen...a full moon was on display on West 85th street as my dignity and towel were hung on the hook on the wall.  Now I probably would have asked for the towel back, but the woman began to massage me.It took every bit of self restraint I had to not scream.  This woman had the strength of a Russian power lifter, and she was on a mission to snap my spine like a twig!  She kept saying something in Chinese that I've come to believe was "Stupid Capitalist Swine" as she manipulated my shoulder blades into a pulverized mess.  When she reached my middle back, I realized she was planning to murder me in that room.  It was at that point that I grunted out an "oh my god".  What I mean to say was "I submit! I surrender!  Here...take my wallet!".She took it as encouragement.  I glanced at the clock and noticed that we'd only been at this for 10 minutes, and those coffees I had drank before coming to this torture chamber were working their magic.  I had to pee...big time.  Unfortunately when I told her this, she didn't understand my English, and started to push harder.  Never massage someone's lower back when they have a full bladder.In the background, I could hear running water...which was making this moment so much more difficult.  I realized that she had the "sounds of a bubbling fountain" playing on the CD.  And as we neared the end of my hour and I could FINALLY get dressed, she offered to do a foot massage.  NO...just point me to the bathroom.Two days later, I wonder if I'd go here again.  Yes.  But I'd stress a lighter touch...and take a pain pill before I arrive.   The cost is worth it.
<review# 648,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2008,9/20/2008,84,60,28,20,25>There are dollar stores.And then there are DOLLAR STORES.Jack's on 40th Street (between 5th and Park) is, without a doubt, a DOLLAR STORE. Seriously. This place may be crowded, the employees may be snarly (once, a security guard yelled at me for taking photos), but for cheap deals on everything from beauty products to household goods to cheesy gifts and even, I kid you not, perishable foods like yogurt and frozen pizza, Jack's is the place to go. I'm not going to lie. There are certain items you should never buy here. The cleaning supplies are worthless, some of the foods are frightening, and 99-cent tool kits will no doubt fail you.If, however, you're in search of a superhero nightlight, an I LOVE NY shot glass, or cheap party supplies, then you're in luck. Arm yourself with $25.74 and an open mind, and make your way through my list of bargain buys, from A to Z:Start off with an (A)pple-shaped oven mitt, (B)lue dish towels, pillar (C)andles, a set of (D)ominoes, an (E)xtension cord, and some purple filing (F)olders. Stock up on (G)ift bags and clothes (H)angers, grab an (I)ce cream scoop and a lemon (J)uicer, and then put some (K)itKats in your bag for the walk home. You can always use a (L)int brush and a (M)esh strainer, and how about (N)apkins, some crazy (O)range cups, and plastic (P)lates for your next party? Move on to the (Q)-tips, enormous boxes of (R)aisins, the aforementioned (S)hot glass, a (T)ape measure, and--if you're brave--a couple of pairs of (U)nderwear. Finally, pick up a bottle of (V)egetable oil, (W)rapping paper, plastic (X)-ray vision goggles, some not-quite-expired (Y)ogurt, and a Let's Go to the (Z)oo coloring book for your nephew (or roommate).
<review# 649,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2008,9/19/2008,308,363,14,20,18>Where can you have a mini 10-year reunion with eight of your high school friends, eat sushi and not break the bank?  After a quick search on Yelp for "sushi group," a few enticing places popped up.  But only Funayama had all-you-can-eat sushi on a Thursday night.  Yelp comes to the rescue once again!We trickled in over the course of an hour, but the wait staff never rushed us or even seemed to care that we weren't ready to order.  That we were taking up so much space in their restaurant, yet not even eating or drinking, didn't seem to bother them in the least.  In fact, once we *were* ready to order, they were too busy with other diners to notice us and we had to flag down a server.  It's a bit of a hectic atmosphere, but you're obviously not here for the ambiance.  You're here for the AYCE sushi for $23.10.This was actually my first AYCE sushi experience and I wasn't really sure how it all worked.  We were worried that everyone at the table would have to order AYCE, but thankfully that wasn't the case.  We figured those would be our back-up eaters in case we couldn't finish our sushi. Since they charge for uneaten fish and/or rice, being wasteful was not an option. Filling out our sushi cards kinda felt like taking a test. We were given #2 pencils and we had to write our names at the top.  It was actually kinda fitting since this was an evening with high school friends.  And just like high school, we all kinda glanced over each other's shoulders and whispered, "What did you put down?" as if you could get a wrong answer.  I actually did do a bit of strategizing.  I focused more on the sushi so as not to get filled up on the rolls.  I thought the sushi was pretty good, and they give fairly large cuts of fish.  I can happily say that I got my money's worth of sushi.We ended up spending 3 hours here, but time flew fast as we were all catching up.  The wait staff never even hinted that they were trying to close up shop.  They just let us enjoy ourselves.  And when the time came for group pictures at the end, the managers themselves snapped photos of us...with their own cameras!  We weren't quite sure what that was about, but we were too full of sushi and good times to really care.All You Can Eat Sushi: $23.10Making memories with friends that will last another 10 years: Priceless(Yup, totally cheesy.  Just like high school reunions should be!)
<review# 650,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/6/2008,9/18/2008,405,569,18,24,21>I waited until I had enough time to review both Rudy's and the Crocodile in one sitting to compare two bars with free food. Now, just to fill everyone in, Rudy's is a dive in Hell's Kitchen that does cheap beer and free hot dogs. The Crocodile Lounge is not a lounge by any means, rather feels like being in your neighbor's basement. And while that could be a good thing (read: Welcome to the Johnson's), in this case it feels drab. The clientele is mostly underage NYU kids and skeevy clusters of professional men looking to buy drinks for pretty sophomore English majors. The bartenders look exasperated. Alright -- free pizza. Unlike Rudy's, which works on an honor system of sorts (1 drink, 1 hot dog) at the bar, the Crocodile's bartender will give you 1 ticket per drink. And the drinks aren't as dirt cheap as Rudy's. And then, you have to take the ticket to the other side of the room (goodbye bar stool...) to pick up your piping hot pizza. It's not that good. It's mostly crust. There's three square inches of cheese and sauce and a hell of a lot of crust. However, they make it in-house. Major points for effort, Croc. So that's that. Would I go back? Probably. Would I rather spend $5 on a beer elsewhere and grab a slice of great pizza for $2? But that's New York, baby. If I was just a bit younger, and just a bit into pizza crust, I'd be there in a heartbeat.
<review# 651,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2009,12/28/2009,151,352,18,23,20>With over 120 reviews for M&H, all I can do is reaffirm what other reviews have mentioned;-Yes, they're not playing around with the reservation policy - and will politely, yet firmly ask you to leave if you didn't plan ahead. Now that M&H has gone semi-exclusive, 4 of the 6 5-person tables are for members only.-Yes, the jazzy soundtrack provides a great background for the quiet murmurings of intimate conversation. But occasionally it forays into up-tempo acid jazz or salsa, making you squirm in your seat with the urge to dance, which would sadly be frowned upon at this quiet speakeasy-esque joint (it's not *my* fault the rhythm make me wanna move!) -Yes, you will drop as much cash here as you probably would for dinner. But they will be the BEST COCKTAILS OF YOUR LIFE; its takes a rare mixologist to ask about your preferences (we're 'gin' people) and then further break it down (he's gin 'spicy/herbal' while I'm gin 'sweet/herbal') in order to consistently deliver lovely libations. If you're a party of two and it's the weekend, I suggest sitting at the bar; watching Sam work his magic is cocktail porn, pure and simple.)...But you will undoubtedly leave M&H feeling satiated, sauced, and undoubtedly a lil sexy. We always do.Top picks - Penicillin, Sazerac, Bee's Knees, and Sunflower - which is their delicious version of a Corpse Reviver #2
<review# 652,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2008,12/27/2009,410,456,9,18,19>On a very cold snowy day like today.  There was nothing else better to have than a good bowl of hot  soup. a hearty one.  Didn't have any breakfast nor lunch earlier so while still seated on my dentist chair I  already have my mind fixed into heading to this hand drawn noodle place once I was done.  Ordered their House special soup which is a combination of all the different kinds of meat  with noodles and vegetables.  So delicious.. It was that good and I still can't believe I finished the whole bowl. Camille stuck with her diet and just ordered Dumplings soup to go.It was also fun watching the chinese lady make the noodles from scratchpulling the dough into strings until it becomes thin ..ready to be dumped   into the pot of boiling  soup ...add vegetables ..and poured into the  bowl......this  was not new to me ...I used to watched them make it in Hongkong way back when I was still living in Kowloon...The marketplace was2 blocks from where I use to.llive and  order some on my way home from work. .  Saves me the time cooking my own food.  ..Those were the days....My only regret I should have learned how to do it...who knows...I probably open up my own soup and dumpling place.   I guess its not too late isn't it...
<review# 653,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2009,12/26/2009,405,68,19,14,16>Sometimes I just need to kill. I would just like to take a shotgun and do some big game hunting around the city. According to the boys in blue, I'm not allowed to do that. At least this time, I have a seamless Alibi to carry out my wicked deeds.This is the only place where I can get drunk and kill things. Unfortunately I'm talking about shooting animals on the big screen in Big Game Hunter, but that should satisfy my bloodlust for the moment. I think $6 to take out digital panthers, elk, musk ox, and adorable elephants  is way cheaper than a psychiatrist's bill and less humiliating than a life sentence. The hot chicks that flash in between rounds definitely make the time pass quicker. Don't expect astounding service from the bar. Just order up and quit your whining. Watch out when you pass by the pool table as well. As friendly and outgoing as our resident poolsharks get, they will tear you a new hole if you mess up their shot. Serious hustling goes on in the pay-per-game billiard table. Speaking of hustling, there is definitely some pimping and ho'ing that goes down in these neck of the woods. A sticker that reads "Melinda will swallow your jizz for $40!" on Big Game Hunter's surface top speaks volumes.A backyard lit in whore-red is the perfect spot to catch some somewhat fresh air in between my African mammal murder sprees and to catch up on a $4 Guinness. When the place appears empty from the inside of the bar, most likely everyone will be out here puffing away and complaining about their jobs or professors. It looks and sounds like a great casual hangout. Maybe it is.
<review# 654,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2009,12/25/2009,270,301,16,21,20>So I'm walking down E 7th street trying not to retch from the piece of pig stubble I almost consumed at Porchetta, wondering what can make me feel better, when it hits me:  palate cleanser.  And what better palate cleanser and belly soother is there than yogurt?  A little search on the old Yelp iPhone app returns the information that there are approximately 458 frozen yogurt shops in the East Village, but 16 Handles is 0.1 miles away from me!  I'm basically in it already!  I walk in, and all of a sudden it's like I'm at my own Bat Mitzvah--MAKE YOUR OWN SUNDAE!!!  I am so pleased.  I make a chocolate-mint yogurt medley with heath bars and strawberries--goodbye, plain yogurt flavor only and 4 blackberries, and hello WHATEVER I WANT!!  What's also awesome is that you pay by weight, which is so very fair.  I was a little nervous bringing my cup up to the scale--did I just load $10 worth of yogurt and candy in there?  Would the cashier judge me if I did?  But as it turns out, I wanted a totally respectable amount of yogurt, and the total came to just $3.83!  You will never get out of Red Mango or Pinkberry for under $4, never ever.  So, if you happen to be in the E Village and need a little cheering up, a bad food memory erasing, or would simply like to revisit your Jewish rite of passage party, 16 Handles is the place to do it.
<review# 655,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2009,12/24/2009,157,490,25,29,29>Sizes 12-26 only.The huge billboard was the first thing I read emerging from the subway station. Well, I mused, it was but to be expected that plus sizes would prevail in the neighborhood, given the unprecedented number of bakeries per square mile in the Little Italy of Bronx!As I stood in front of Morrone Pastry waiting for my partners-in-crime to arrive, I re-read the reviews for Madonia. "Best bread and cannolis" danced off the iphone screen, and I was so tempted that upon meeting Champagne Frank, I immediately brought up Madonia. Frank who also has a sweet tooth didn't need any convincing: "no harm in taking a look".No sooner had we walked in and surveyed all the breads (Jalapeno, Olive, Prosciutto, etc.) on display that I noted from the corner of my eyes that Frank had already ordered the chocolate drizzled cookie, and was evaluating bread options. "Wow, what happened to just taking a look", I thought as I placed my own order for a pound of Italian butter cookies, Pignoli, Amaretti, biscotti, etc. The serving lady politely packed everything and thanked us courteously as we left. As we were leaving, I mentioned to Frank, that in our excitement we had forgotten to sample their celebrated cannoli.We went back, and the lady took out the shells and piped in the ricotta cheese fresh into them. Frank took a bite and gushed how great the ricotta cheese tasted, much like frosting. As I bit into the crunchy shell, I too realized that the texture of the cheese was dense, semi-freddo like, and while not too sugary sweet brought out a great balance of citrus and chocolate chips in the flavor. Exceptional!However, while the shell was not soggy, frankly it did not add anything to my enjoyment of the cannoli. To its credit, the crisp shell didn't flake all over as is the case with some other famous cannoli places that pipe in ricotta (I am looking at you Rocco's). Madonia regularly wins accolades for the best cannoli in the city. It quite possibly deserves the accolade as Veniero's cannoli are not piped in fresh, even if their ricotta cheese similarly tastes fantastic! I will reserve judgment here till I've gone back and sampled the cannoli at a couple of famous Italian bakeries in Brooklyn.For my money's worth, Madonia has some of the best Italian cookies in town. While not a big fan of their biscotti (other than Pistachio Chocolate), my love for their Coco Cashew cookie is fast approaching that for Levain's cookies. The textural variations (one bite crunchy and the next fudgy!), nuttiness, and cocoa all come together wonderfully. Another delightfully rich cookie is Mario's Special - with chocolate chip, walnut and coconut, again due to the flavor and texture variations. Please note that these are nothing like Levain's cookies, though best-in-class in their own right!But, before you commit yourself to a contractual relationship with Madonia, do remember that it will extract its pound of flesh in return. Or, rather, add (at the very least) a pound of flesh from your returns. Let the huge billboard serve as the Surgeon General's warning, for no Portia will be able to bail you out! :)
<review# 656,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2009,12/23/2009,229,165,24,17,17>This just in:Size does matter.Koronet beats us all in that department. Don't even pretend otherwise.I had 2 jumbo slices the other night and ohmigawd, it just FEELS different. Sure, I'm a fan of "it's the motion of the ocean" 'cause Lord knows that's my only shot at success, but at the same time, you simply can't beat the "size of the wave" at Koronet Pizza.So give in, go to Koronet and get yourself a jumbo slice. You will be satisfied (to the point of being sore from its massive self).
<review# 657,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2009,12/22/2009,611,712,26,31,31>MY TOP 3 THINGS EVER: Family, fantastic food and love. I was completely immersed in the three from the moment I sat down for my birthday dinner at Bozu. I've been sitting on this review for about a month. It's hard to come up with the words to describe such a perfect experience. Our server was a complete joy. I had chatted with him for a good five minutes on the phone discussing the tasting menu that my family would be enjoying. He paid attention to every detail, from my sister's nut allergy to the fact that my grandmother is not the biggest fan of all things spicy (what a pity..). It was no surprise to me that his attention to the little things translated to our in-restaurant experience. After ordering our divine mango margaritas (sans alcohol for those who do not drink) , we were presented with our first course. Several bowls of VERY thinly sliced lotus root, in some kind of soy/sesame sauce. I've had lotus root before and thought it was decent, but this was fantastic! Nutty, savory, and slightly crunchy - a wonderful introduction to the culinary delights that Bozu has to offer. 2nd Course - Tofu SaladThis tofu was unlike any tofu I've had in my life. This salad is presented as a sort of Japanese spin on a Caprese salad. The tofu is almost reminiscent of cream cheese, and complemented perfectly by the basil infused soy sauce dressing, tomatoes, and avocado. It's a creamy and fresh taste explosion. DIVINE. 3rd Course: Stuffed Mushrooms These aren't your great aunt's "Famous Stuffed Mushrooms". This is not what she serves at her dinner parties. These are heaven in mushroom caps! There's no way to describe how these are better than any stuffed mushrooms, but they are. Trust me. 4th Course: Rice Croquettes Fried carbs! Doesn't get any better than this! Sage and squash stuffed balls of rice, fried to a golden crisp. Some people at the table weren't ecstatic about this dish, but I thought the flavors were on point - perfect for fall and 100% comforting. 5th Course: Tuna TatakiTUNA TUNA TUNA. HOLY CRAP. Some of the best tuna I've ever tasted. AND WE WERE HERE ON A SUNDAY! The grape & plum sorbet was an incredible accompaniment to the almost stained glass-looking tuna. Rare & silky, this course was a SERIOUS hit.6th course: Sushi Bombs (Spicy McBomb & Shiro Bomb)Bliss. Pure bliss. Ecstasy. Rainbows, hearts, stars and puppies exploded all around me as the sushi bombs graced my tongue. Both pink & white tuna were incredible. I would change nothing about these, other than to make them available to me whenever I please. The shape, the melt in your mouth, heaven sent tuna, the accoutrements (kataifi, ginger sauce, spicy mayo), the quality wasabi...this is the kind of sushi that haunts your dreams. 7th Course: Japanese Fried ChickenThe only miss of the evening. This tasted like a bizarre Japanese take on popcorn chicken. I found myself biting into many a gristly piece through the strangely dense fried shell, and found the flavor of the dressing to be strange and confusing. It wasn't delicious. I was surprised that our fabulous server said that it was one of the best items on the menu. Although I was disappointed by this course I in no way let it affect my opinion of the establishment. 8th Course Steak, with asparagus and fingerling potatoes. HELL to the YES. This steak was cooked to perfection, served with sage-y potatoes and fresh, expertly cooked asparagus. A dream, and an interesting departure from the rest of the menu! EXTRA COURSE...ORDERED BY UNLUCKY HERSELFPORK BETTY - Definitely a renamed version of the classic dish, buta kakuni. This pork belly was UNREAL. Cooked in sake & sweet soy sauce, with a dab of wasabi sauce on each piece, this course was so rich it was nearly a chore to indulge after our intense meal. Still, we carried on, and clutched our stomachs at the thought of...DESSERTBozu graciously allowed my grandmother to bring in her famous (Martha Stewart famous!) chocolate cake. He placed the candles on the cake, my family sang, and we thought we were good to go. We were mistaken. The server rushed back to ask us if we would mind going through that rigamaroll again. He explained that a Japanese TV   crew was filming a segment on the restaurant, and wanted footage of the birthday ceremony. We agreed, and I put on my best TV face, andsucked in the 9 courses of gut. After that amazing meal and realizing how wonderfully I do have it, it was difficult for me to even make one wish, forget two! It would seem I have everything I could ever want.$30.00/pp (excluding beverages, pork betty, tax etc.) - Party of 10
<review# 658,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2009,12/21/2009,119,457,18,18,19>i had to save luger for my 300th.  it was just too perfect of a bday dinner not to.have you ever had a group of friends who have another friend that you've never met and they go on and on about how funny he is and how "you 2 would get along so well! your senses of humor are exactly the same.  i can't wait to get you two in the same room. it's going to be amazing!"?  and when you finally met this friend you're completely unimpressed by their sense of humor which in turn makes you question your sense of humor and frankly how your "friends" perceive you.  ever had that?peter luger was nothing like that. i'd heard, over and over, for years how great peter was.  how delicious peter was. how absolutely earth shattering the steak was and how the sides were just as special.and he is.that big, perfectly medium rare piece of meat that Mike (our Turkish now Brooklynite waiter) slapped down on the table was probably  THE best steak i've ever put in my mouth.  they cook the house aged meat in a salamander and the result looks charred to hell...the bone still kinda smoking on the plate...but inside the meat is perfectly aged and intensely flavorful. just simple, perfect steak.the sliced tomato appetizer was a great start, however it was early November so i'm sure they weren't the best tomatoes they've ever served.  the creamed spinach was delectable and the hash brown type potatoes were good but i think we should have opted for a baked potato ...a classic steakhouse side.the service was efficient and gruffly old school. the atmosphere was about the same.  but you and i both know that ain't why you go to peter luger.  visit peter sometime...you two are so much alike...you'll get along famously.
<review# 659,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2009,12/20/2009,275,454,18,32,29>Review Dedication:  Brooklyn's Finest CM!  Peter D!  After reading his review of Luigi's, the pizzeria sparked many thoughts of wanting to try their pizza.  Without the Brooklyn CM's indirect suggestion, this review would not have happened.There's a tall tale legend that the Mozzarella used at Luigi's is about 100 years old.  Word has it, back in the days of immigrant voyages to and from native Italy (a time when luggage was not inspected), the grandfather of the legendary owner of Luigi's would bring back mozzarella from the mainland in mass quantities.  The mozzarella that was brought back is apparently used in the pizza today.Of course, I will not speculate as to whether this legend is true.  For starters, I hope it isn't.  Can anyone imagine consuming one week old mozzarella, let alone something that's a century old?  Didn't think so...A venture to Luigi's was not to confirm this legend, nor was it to dine at an establishment where the movie "Big Daddy" was filmed.  So what was the reason for going to Luigi's?  My mechanic is a block away from the Pizzeria and Yours Truly was in need of lunch.  Yep...  That's it.  Alright, so Peter D had a little indirect push with this one.  Aren't recommendations from friends the ones most noteworthy?Arriving at Luigi's revealed a surprising site... NO LINE!  This came as a shock as most patrons that have dined here before me warned of the 10 to 15 minute wait.  Nevertheless, the petite surprise was welcoming.  Good pizza that required no wait.Walking into Luigi's provided a slight feeling of claustrophobia yet excitement.  For starters, the front counter area is small.  Luckily, the petite nature of the ordering counter allows for patrons to view the creation of each individual pizza by the owner, Giovanni.  On this particular occasion, two renditions were available for purchase...- Plain Slice - $2.25- Fresh Mozzarella Slice - $2.75Thus...  I began to order one of each.Seating in the back of the establishment was small and quaint.  The section is available for approximately 10 people segmented into 2 tables of 4 and 2 tables of 2.  Most patrons order slices made by Giovanni and eat standing in front of the establishment (a la...  Artichoke Pizzeria in Manhattan).  Nevertheless, the pizzeria was empty, and a table immediately behind the gas oven was available.Plain Slice:  Perfectly balanced in both texture and flavor!  To start, the crust possessed a beautiful contrast between crunchiness and a soft doughy texture.  There was no smokiness or excessive char stemming from the crust.  What you do get is something that's remarkably flakey, but possessing an abundance of crispiness.  The tomato sauce was full of flavor in both the structure and balance.  A heavy robust detection of salt, pepper, and oregano were evident with each sampling.  The processed mozzarella topping was the definitive statement for this slice.  With its slight gooeyness and saltiness, the flavors of the mozzarella helped to further amplify the already hearty tomato sauce.  Furthermore, the processed mozzarella had a subdued level of oil renderings that was by no means burdensome.  The slight excess in oil provided the welcoming balance in flavor to bring all elements of the composition together.  Simply put, one of the best plain slices one can consume.Fresh Mozzarella Slice:  Similar in application to the Plain Slice, the difference stems mainly from the Fresh Mozzarella topping and a slight drizzle of Herb Pesto.  Contrary to the robust and hearty nature of the plain slice, the Fresh Mozzarella used in this application allowed for a slight contrast in flavors, stemming from the robust structure of the tomato sauce with that of the subtle sweetness of the fresh mozzarella.  The contrasting flavors worked to create a welcomed disparity in flavors that made the slice more pungent in nature.  Ultimately, the Fresh Mozzarella slice is finished only by the drizzle of Herb Pesto.  The components of the pesto itself are speculative, but hints of basil, salt, and garlic were evident during taste detection.  The pesto provided a much welcoming complex flavor stemming from the velvety / buttery texture of the Extra Virgin Olive Oil while supplying a powerful earthiness in the Basil used for the Pesto.  Ultimately, the Fresh Mozzarella Slice is robust, complex, and full of flavor.Leaving the restaurant after consumption revealed a line of about 15 people.  Perhaps we arrived at the right time.  Nevertheless, Giovanni's renderings are often worth the wait, more frequent than not.Notes:- Cash Only!  $5.00 worth of Pizza doesn't need to be debited / charged- Wait times, anywhere from 0 to 15 minutes- Best combination?  Plain & Fresh Mozzarella Slice.- Most patrons visiting Giovanni's domain are locals.  You won't find many out of towners / tourists here.
<review# 660,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2009,12/19/2009,351,208,31,16,15>essa very good bagel.  They are fresh and steamy when you get them in the morning.  I will cut it open and steam the wrinkles out of my shirt when I get to the office.  Keeps me looking fresh and bagely.This is why you live in New York.PS: I don't want to hear about your low carb diet, I don't care.
<review# 661,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2013,10/8/2013,213,367,9,18,10>If you're willing to go to Chinatown and shell out $15-$20 per cocktail, you're most likely heading to Apotheke (however you pronounce the name).Because Apotheke is a speakeasy, the exterior is unassuming, save for a man (bouncer) sitting outside of the entrance. Look for an "Gold Flower Restaurant".  The Chinese characters don't really match up either, it translates into "Gold Flower Karaoke."  These signs were from the prior restaurant that no longer exists.As you walk in, you pass through a panel of heavy curtains, and you find yourself in a darkened room.  Mosaic flooring, Victorian-era sofas, and lamps whose bulbs were fashioned out of beakers, line the path to the bar.  The yellow tinted bar at the back provides the main source of lighting for the room.  It also serves as the focal point of the room.The bar is beautifully aged.  Its design is reminiscent of a chemical laboratory.  Your bartenders wear white lab coats, your drinks are ordered off of a menu titled "A Selection of House Prescriptions" and all drinks feature some type of exotic, foreign ingredient.  All drinks range from $15 to $18.  You can't order shots like lemon drops here. Sorry college kids!SERVICE: If you're camped out on the couches, brace yourself for unbelievably slow service.  It would be easier for you to grab your drinks at the bar and bring them back to an open table.PEOPLE: a mix of professionals relaxing after a long day, couples on dates - this is not a good first date spot, in my opinion.MUSIC: awesome 90s and throwbacks on weekends. Jazz/live band during the week.Bathrooms are unisex, so guys, be kind and put the seat back down. Also, the bathroom sinks are impossible to figure out.  I've been here several times now, and I still don't know how to turn off the faucets.
<review# 662,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2013,10/7/2013,359,355,7,14,8>Summary:  Great for groups and a nice spot if you don't want to trek it to Queens or Chinatown.  Mid-range Chinese food alternative.  Reasonably priced vs. other non-dive mid-town Chinese food places. Four stars for BYOB sans corkage fee.Atmosphere:  It looks like a Chinese New Years decoration store exploded inside here.  The restaurant is located in the downstairs of the building.  It's very clean and darkly light without being too dark.  While I think most will find the various luck symbols to be a nice touch to Asian-ize an otherwise, green windowless space, for Chinese folks may instead feel like they stepped into year around Chinese New Years.  Wow... that's a lot of luck being symbolized on the walls.Service:  I'm going to give it a four, but honestly, there were times when it was a bit confusing to me.  We had a party of 6 that arrived over the course of a 1/2 hour and ran up against their closing time. In all fairness, I think that may have been part of the confusion.  They classically will want you to order everything all at once, vs. Western tradition of apps first then main course.  There were three main oddities which included: pouring water for one person, but not for everyone who had no water, bringing a single hot sauce for 1 person when everyone at the table was requesting, and some very unconventional use of plates.  We started with 2 plates each, 1 was cleared then half of us got 2 plates at a time while some only had 1.  After the initial oddity, though, things started to normalize. They started to bring more condiments and also just swapped out plates in the normal custom.  Food:  The food was good, but surprisingly, it wasn't all of the classically Cantonese dishes.  Salt & Pepper Squid or Shrimp.  We had both.  The chef really excels at salt pepper dishes.  As the name suggests, this is breaded slightly thicker than tempura with salt and pepper. 5 stars.Beef Chow Fun - This is the Gan Chow Ngow Haw (flat noodles) and is one of the better in the city.  Great with the hot sauce.  5 StarsSoy Garlic Chicken.  Surprisingly delicious, this lightly fried chicken dish was a so good we ordered 2. 5 starsSoft Shell Crab with Soy - Solidly executed.  The underbelly is separated for those that like that, thus making the bitterness not permeate into legs. 4.5 stars for execution.Chicken with salted fish fried rice.  Well executed.  Worth a try. Mustard Greens.  Surprisingly this was the stalk instead of the leaves.  After our initial confusion, we dove in and found it delightful. 5 stars.Sea Bass with Ginger & Scallions -  Fresh enough, but the point of this dish is for the steamed mixture of ginger, scallion and soy to magically infuse a gentle essence of flavor into the fish so that a light pouring of sauce brings it all out.  The fish stayed fish and the sauce wasn't enough to bring it home.  3 stars.Ginger & Scallion Lobster - Fresh and executed, but not an amazing execution.  There was an actual sauce on the plate... odd.  If you're craving it, go ahead. That said, I'd save this for China town.For my crustaceans list, 3.5 stars, because it saves me the trek to Chinatown.  For general overall 4 stars.  Would definitely go back.
<review# 663,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2013,10/6/2013,379,192,33,22,23>I broke up with my boyfriend a week ago. Coincidentally, my iPhone screen shattered around that same time, making me absurdly convinced that every time I tried to dial a number or look at my pictures, I was staring into the physical manifestation of my broken relationship.Fast forward to this morning, I couldn't take it anymore. Off to Yelp I go! And at LaptopMD I found myself, plopped on a couch reading the NYTimes for less than 40 minutes. If anything, only 30 minutes. And everyone was so, so nice. My phone is as good as new, which is great because it was new (the last one took a dip in the ocean... (I'm a one-woman economic stimulus package for the post-Steve Jobs Apple stocks)).Contrary to another review down below, there is nothing at all sketchy about LMD. You take the elevator up to the 12th floor and ta-daa, it's an office. A comfy one at that. Bonus, buy the Yelp deal and you get $25 off. Win win win win win win.
<review# 664,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2013,10/5/2013,1356,271,7,11,7>This is precisely what vegetarian eating should be. Normally, when I go to a restaurant I am forced to flip directly to the one small portion of the menu that caters to the vegetarians. On large menus there are usually a few items (sometimes even a whole section), but on smaller ones it's sometimes just one. One! Heaven help you if you don't want what they have chosen to serve you. Vegetarians deal with this dilemma every single time they go out to eat.I have been a vegetarian since I was pretty little. If you gave me a ham and cheese sandwich in kindergarten, I would have picked the ham out. It's not a moral thing, the idea of eating animals just creeps me out. When I was little, my dad would tell servers that I had a disease (jokingly, of course). This also happened:Me: What would you recommend for a vegetarian at this restaurant?Server: Ummm, lettuce?So, when I walked into this place and was handed a menu of pages... and pages.... of delicious vegetarian options? Happy doesn't quite cover it. I'm not trying to convert anyone. I'll eat my dinner, you eat yours. As far as I know, I'm not contagious, but it was nice to not have to worry if there is food for me for once.-------------------- Comes down from soapbox. ----------------The decor of this place is swanky and trendy, but not so much that you and a friend can't show up without a reservation and get a table for two. We had a prime spot next to a gorgeous fish tank. If the whole restaurant is as clean as that tank, we are in good shape. It was spotless. Definitely wins the award for cleanest tank ever. Service was prompt and friendly. Although, she never actually mentioned anything about the restaurant, or asked us if we had been here before. Seems like vigilante meat-eaters would want a warning about what they are ordering.We ordered some sake, which was reasonably priced at just $15 for the large. I got the fbeef teriyaki bento box, and my cohort got a fchicken stir fry.* Everything was soo good. The bento box came with salad, edamame, veggie potstickers, fcalifornia roll, and sliced teriyaki beef over vegetables. So much food for only $14! I ended up bringing a bunch of it home for tomorrow. I ended up asking my non-vgetarian cohort if hers was vegetarian too. Her response, "Oh, I don't know. Is it?" Victory. I'm quite sure that I will be back here again and again.* I add f's before anything faux-meat, or "fmeat."
<review# 665,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2013,10/4/2013,157,490,13,27,19>MMD, what's a nice restaurant like you doing at an address like this?1149 First Avenue. It's been home to many Indian restaurants in the past - Baluchi and Bawarchi being 2 prior tenants in the 5 years prior to Moti Mahal Delux (MMD)'s incarnation. However, instead of being haunted by the ghosts of restaurants past, MMD, is able to charge prices that would be 20-25% less than what you'd pay for an Indian restaurant in Mid Town East - partly due to cheaper real estate.Speaking of prices, I don't understand those who whine about MMD being expensive. Seriously, just because the cuisine is Indian, does that mean that a meal SHOULD cost less than $ 20 per person? Do the whiners understand that quality of ingredients, and uniqueness of preparation, result in higher costs - and thus actually merit higher prices? Or do they think that just because the restaurant has "Mahal" in its name, they should pay the same prices that they did for that pathetic Indian restaurant of their college years, likely one that had Taj, Mahal, India, or Curry (if not Hurry) in its name?Saffron. It might well be the most expensive food in the world (good saffron ranges between $ 2,500-7,500 per pound, depending upon origin). Quality saffron is used by chefs in the Indian subcontinent when they want to impress the guests - sparing no expense in doing so. Saffron, is the secret ingredient in MMD's famous Dal Makhani, a dish so well executed that NY Times described it as "a bowl of lentils (that) can make you go wobbly with happiness". Despite dedicating two paragraphs to it, Pete Wells wasn't able to identify the starring turn of saffron -instead focusing simply on the ocean of butter that the lentils has absorbed.Now I didn't try their "signature" Tandoori chicken (apparently reason alone for the owner to acquire this Indian Franchise), for I never eat Saag Paneer, Chicken Tikka Massala or Tandoori chicken at an Indian restaurant - pet crutches of the food critic who doesn't understand Indian cuisine. In fact, should you find a review of these in my reviews, please do alert yelp HQ that my account has been hacked... as there could be no other reason. But, I did try enough chicken dishes in the menu to realize that the kitchen converts a pollo into Apollo! Starting from the clay oven dishes (Anardana Tikka: chicken with black pepper, pomegranate marinade; Cream Murgh Tikka: cardamom, cream cheese marinade) to the Kadhai Murgh in the entrees, they are all superior executions. I've also liked the Mutton Tawa Tikka (grilled mutton cubes, finished on the griddle). However, I can't say that I'm a fan of the spiced okra, or of the Biryani (despite the grains of rice not being clumpy, but distinct - as they should be) that was, to be polite, bland. I do think their vegetarian executions lack those for chicken, but not every Indian restaurant in the city excels at vegetarian - the way the cuisine should, per potential.Unlike the NY Times' view, I didn't think that the desserts were a waste. The first time I tried it I really liked the Ras Malai, however the next time around, I thought the consistency of the cream was lacking. Instead, I much prefer the Phirni (rice pudding with raisins) that has to be amongst the better versions in its class, and much denser than comparative interpretations.Service is competent, but not exceptional as at Tulsi. The comparison is relevant as the manager at Tulsi was prompt to greet me with "nice to see you again" on my 2nd visit, while my 4 visits to MMD in 2 weeks led to no such recognition in any of my visits. That said, I'll live with the price / value proposition of MMD any time over that of Tulsi. (4.5 stars)
<review# 666,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2013,10/3/2013,32,82,2,17,16>This place has amazingly rich food that will put you in a food coma afterwards.  My favorite dish on their menu (which I had yesterday for the 16th or 17th time within the last 2 months) is the parpadelle alla casalinga.  You can taste the fact the parpadelle was freshly made (and never dried).  Then it's smothered in this creamy, rich mascapone sauce and covered with mushrooms and crispy prosciutto chunks.  I'm usually full after the first 3 bites but I'll keep eating because I just can't stop! Pricing is a bit steep there but they are gracious enough to let you order a half order of the pasta.  They've done it for me everytime with the parpadelle.  As far as I'm concerned, that half portion is the equivalent of a full size dinner.
<review# 667,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2013,10/2/2013,105,71,10,12,9>A solid breakfast and lunch option in the financial district. I really like a lot of their breakfast options. They have lots of different breakfast sandwiches with many different kinds of meats (sausage, bacon, ham, turkey, pork roll, beef sausage, etc.) and they also have some great muffin varieties (chocolate cream cheese, cinnamon coffee cake, chocolate fudge)!My favorite, though, has got to be the tater tots. They're so delicious! Perfectly crispy on the outside, soft on the inside and not overly greasy. Whenever I order or pick up breakfast from Champs, I be sure to get a tray of the tater tots to share with my coworkers. They always get devoured and everyone's grateful! We have to be careful how often we order them, though, gotta eat a little bit healthy!My only complaint is that they're pretty busy on weekday mornings. Because of this, when I'm busy too and I need to order delivery instead of takeout it often takes a pretty long time even though they're super close to my office. Other than that, though, it's a pretty great place!
<review# 668,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2013,10/1/2013,309,472,9,15,13>Brought the wife to Matisse for brunch following a visit to Japan Society for an exhibit. The restaurant is located in Turtle Bay on 2nd Ave and draws a good crowd from what I've seen on the weekdays. Our visit was on a summer Saturday afternoon and there was still a great turnout inside, but no one was dining outside.There's a brunch special for 18 bucks where you get a brunch drink like a mimosa or coffee, one select appetizer or sweet item, plus the actual brunch item. I thought this was too much food for me, as I didn't really care for the way they bundled the brunch. Nothing too enticing to make me opt for that versus just getting the brunch item and coffee, exactly as I had wanted that day. But if you were to drink and get really brunched, this option would be the best bet.I went with the Eggs Benedict that is served with prosciutto versus regular ham or Canadian ham which I find at most places, so this which was a nice added touch. The poached eggs were perfectly cooked, the yolk not cooked through as I find at a quarter of the brunch places I've been. This was served with a side of home fries cooked nicely and not overcooked and mushy. It comes with a small romaine salad that was seasoned with a hint of lemon, simple and perfect.My wife went with the Eggs Niçoise but they mistakenly brought her a Niçoise salad. The server and our waiter didn't realize the mix up right away until I asked the waiter to read the correct item off the menu. Then he got the picture. Fortunately, they brought out the correct dish under 10 minutes later so the error made was smoothed over just enough to end the meal on the right foot. I would go back here, but if you go make sure you point out exactly what you will be ordering from the menu so there are no wrong dishes served up.
<review# 669,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2013,9/30/2013,140,155,7,11,8>Brand New pizzeria in the country club area of the Bronx, (where the Italians there try to hard to be Italian! ) anyway! This place is your normal pizzeria that makes dinner dishes! They're all over the place in the Bronx! Wht makes this place different is the authenticity of the food! For a pizzeria to make fresh quality dinner dishes equal to a trattoria is pretty good!! I was def surprised at the quality of the food, it was made fresh and everything seemed homemade ! From sauce to bread! The broccoli rabe something to rave about! It was heaven! And prb the best grilled chk and broc rabe I ever had!
<review# 670,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2013,9/29/2013,246,416,7,4,5>Review #300!!After seeing Scott Conant on countless episodes of Chopped being hailed as the king of pasta, I've been dying to come to Scarpetta. I was afraid all the hype would leave me disappointed but I've actually never been more wrong in my life! The food was perfect!Between 3 girls, we split creamy polenta, the spaghetti, the duck and foie gras ravioli and black cod.Although I am not a fan of mushrooms at all, I forced myself to try the creamy polenta. Unsurprisingly I still did not enjoy the taste of the mushroom sauce, but the polenta was very creamy.The spaghetti was my absolute favorite of the night. I know you're probably thinking "how good can plain ol' spaghetti really be'? I for sure thought that as well,  but this spaghetti was perfectly al dente, wrapped in a light blanket of spicy tomato sauce with fresh bits of basil mixed in. Apparently this is the pasta Scott Conant made to woo his lady friends in college. Consider me wooed.Not to dote on just the spaghetti, the duck and foie gras raviolis were equally delightful - smooth, rich and perfectly salty.I cannot rave more about this place...except that the service was ridiculous fast...perhaps a bit toooo fast. I felt it lacked that Italian homey feel where you're welcomed to stay for longer than you should.All in all, a perfect place for some ridiculously good pasta!! All hail the king of pasta!
<review# 671,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2006,8/15/2006,87,49,2,19,9>There's nothing more anxiety-producing for a gal than going to the Ob/Gyn. And there's nothing more encouraging, empowering, and enlightening than going to PPNYC's Borough Hall clinic.I chucked my longtime MD for the nurse-practictioners and MDs here. Not only are they smart, thorough, and non-judgmental, they are backed up by the best support staff I've ever met at a medical facility.From the front desk staff to the entitlement counselors (who help you with the frustration that is health insurance) to the nurses to the lab techs, everyone here is kind, warm, conscientious, and thoroughly professional.Do not miss this exceptional place and these amazing people.
<review# 672,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2006,8/14/2006,49,120,16,5,5>Jim love Pop Burger. Jim no eat meat but Jim sat next to hamburger and had stimulating conversation. Atmosphere is good. Friendly service. Drinks awesome. Make Jim woozy. Good times. Anyone who not like Pop Burger, Jim SMASH!Jim has Yelped.
<review# 673,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2006,8/13/2006,47,63,9,4,5>Ms. Pac-Man, pinball and an automotive theme.  Good happy hour, and a fun, hard-drinking kind of crowd.  There's a good chance that Jack Daniels is a best seller here.  Plus, you can buy someone a drink who isn't there -- they keep track of it on a board behind the bar, and the person can come in later to claim their drink.  The bartender was a spicy, energetic minx who sang classic rock to me as she poured my beer.  When the transaction was completed, the cost of my two beers was conveyed to me as "7 dollah.... make you HOLLAH!"  I rarely blush when drinking Guinness, but there are exceptions to every rule.
<review# 674,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2006,8/12/2006,121,114,13,12,9>I'm not a 'wine' kind of guy. Partially because wine is so expensive, but also because I feel like an idiot when people start waxing philosophical about "Oh, the undertones of black currant and summer apricot, lends to the oaky finish." All I can taste is Red or White. I guess my palette just ain't as fine tuned as other's.So, buying expensive $15+ wines always felt like putting premium unleaded into your rusty Chevy Nova, it won't know the difference. Enter Trader Joe's wines store. Finally a place that isn't pretentious and tries to sell you a bottle of 62' Rothschild for an office party. The wine here is, on average, really good and really good value.I first started off with the 3 buck Chuck ($3 Charles Shaw) and was pleasantly surprised that is didn't taste like paint thinner. Don't get me wrong, it didn't taste like the best wine I had ever had either, but it wasn't near as bad as other cheap wines I have partaken in. Totally drinkable. I have since moved all around the map. My favorites are the Barefoot Chardonnay ($4.49), The French Market Series ($4), and the double magnum (that's 4 bottles kids) Amarone ($30).While I may not be a wine connoisseur, I am gradually improving my tastes. And everyday I get closer to tasting "undertones of black currant."
<review# 675,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2006,8/10/2006,349,349,5,11,16>M akes for the best modern art museum anywhereo nly big ding being the regular ticket prices (~$20)M aybe you can visit on Target Free Friday Nights?A ll said, great new venue and a superb collection!
<review# 676,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/25/2006,8/9/2006,658,727,7,5,9>This quaint stand on the sidewalk has beautifully arranged fruit--from bananas, cherries, lemons, apples, oranges, pineapples...  I pulled out my camera to take a picture of the seemingly depressed vendor and his stand, with the backdrop of a huge truck of empty fruit boxes in the street.  Once he saw us, his face lit up, and my friend started to pretend he was going to buy fruits for the sake of posing for the picture.  We couldn't leave empty handed.  After all, he gave me the purest and most honest smile I saw all day.  I told my friend that I wanted bananas, and he bought two pieces, for a quarter each.  We're cheap bastards.   Though the bananas were on the verge of becoming over-ripe, I was glad to have this slice of New York City life at 1:05am.
<review# 677,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2006,8/8/2006,72,570,9,3,4>I use to think this place was really snooty and elitist because everyone who goes here is a health nut.  But yesterday, while waiting in line at Jamba Juice with some friends, I decided to cut across and go to Au Bon's instead because the line at Jamba was hugely long and I was dying of hunger.So I go in, expecting to find some food for under $5 as all I had with me was $5 after spending an exorbitant amount of money on Fun-Tac an hour earlier.  Nothing costs under $5.  Well, I mean, you can't have a substantial lunch here for $5 unless you want a chocolate cookie.  I head for the yogurt section.  Yogurt for lunch is feasible, I think.  But being the eternal klutz/idiot, I managed to drop two yogurts onto the salad dressing while reaching for it, cracking the plastic open and splattering yogurt all over the place.  "Nice going, idiot," I say to myself.  I take one of the yogurt cups (the other was taken away by a worker there) and proceed to pay for it at the cash register. The lady looks at me funny and puts the yogurt in the bag and throws it in the garbage. Me: *stammers*  See, I was reaching for one of the...yogurts...and it just splattered apart...I'll pay for it of course...sorry about the mess...Her: Oh that's alright; accidents happen.  Go get a real yogurt.  So yeah, I ended up with this awful sour tasting yogurt for lunch...but they're really nice here.
<review# 678,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2006,8/7/2006,541,1054,,9,3>We had a group dinner at the Standton Social, then sauntered over to THOR for a nightcap.  (Nish, I swear I am not shadowing you!)The entrance to the hotel is very impressive - like entering a cave in outer space.  The inner space and bar itself is modern and nice, with plenty of room to stand and an efficient bar staff.  There are nice couches to sit on if you can get one - the coolest part being that the sides of the couch are structured enough that you can sit on them, too - creating seats for just about everyone - clever.  The crowd is young, attractive, hip, and somewhat chill.  It's a designer shirts-out kind of place, with nice shoes.Drinks are good - I had a pineapple/vanilla vodka concoction that smelled and tasted like a Push-Up.  It wasn't on my dime but I imagine that cocktails are on the expensive side, as this hotel bar is somewhat of a scene.  I was entertained by visiting Annie O., the hotel gift shop adjacent to the bar.  It's unlike any hotel gift shop I have ever seen, with unusual jewelry, home products, and screen-printed tees.If nothing else, start or end your night out by walking into the hotel for the "wow" factor, have a cocktail, and take in the environment.  It's a nice break from the crowds on the street.
<review# 679,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2006,8/6/2006,37,34,4,3,13>Sometimes - all too rarely - you have a dining experience that makes you remember what you're missing the rest of the time. This is a tale of delight. It is all true. This is my story:Last night, Susan and I had selected a restaurant on Irving Place with a beautiful garden as our dining venue, but due to a (fortunate, as it turned out) series of missed phone calls, by the time we were ready to go the daylight hours were waning and I suggested a new restaurant on East 4th Street I'd just read about. It was, you know, HOT out, and as they are wont to do for inscrutable sanitational reasons, the fine garbage men and women of New York had elected not to pick up the stinking, putrid sacks of trash that had been piled high on the sidewalks for days.But I digress. This is no way to open my first five-star review. Let's begin again:In honor of the high heat, Susan and I donned our best summer dresses and heels and tottered down to East 4th Street. No, wait - strolled. We strolled down. Because that's more elegant, isn't it? Five stars should be dignified, after all.Upon our arrival at Fork + Knife, we were greeted by Zoe, the most gracious Australian barmaid this side of Up Over, who asked if we had reservations. "Well, no," we replied, all too casually. There were plenty of unoccupied tables and it was nearly eight o'clock already. We had our location of choice, the table for two in front of the doors thrown wide to the summer evening, all picked out. I prepared to tell Zoe which table we had selected.Ah, what folly. She informed us with true regret that they were fully booked that night, and that as the chef prepared only a certain amount of food each evening, there was no way they could fit us in. Our faces fell. Our stomachs growled. Our dream receded.We accepted our fate, however, and sat down at the gleaming natural wood slab bar to drown our sorrows and regroup. The menu included a wine by the glass called "Knife and Fork," which, as you will recall, is the very name of the restaurant. I asked if the owner was also a wine maker, but it turns out that the name is merely a happy coincidence. We had to try it.I'm not a big chardonnay fan. Particularly if it's of the California ilk. If I want that much oak I'll just eat the tree. But this was Australian and quite lovely. As we savored it, Zoe pleaded our case again with the chef-owner (Irishman Damien Brassel), asking if he would let us eat if there were a cancellation. No. Absolutely not. Rules are rules, and, well, he'd lose credibility as a chef if he weren't capricious.We were not yet prepared to leave our beautiful and tragic surroundings, however. We marveled at the attention to detail - the impeccably shaped wine glasses imported from France, in a range of sizes to properly support various wine varietals. The wide-plank wood floor. The beaded-glass lamp shades suspended from the ceiling. The high-design silverware also imported from Europe. We each ordered another glass and continued to chat with Zoe. And then, well, the chef must have seen the sadness that had settled in our eyes - even his iron heart (and skillet) could not withstand this unsettling loss of hope - because miraculously, two plates of herb-crusted salmon appeared before us. Now, the bounty of the sea has never been my thing. But, oh, the salmon! Sashimi style, coated with fresh Italian parsley and dill. Laid upon a slash of creme fraiche and garnished with fresh baby lettuce. "You couldn't buy fish this fresh," Susan said. "You have to be...[whispered] ...connected.""Please tell the chef we are most grateful, " I told the waiter. "And that we found the salmon extraordinary."He indicated that this verbal feedback would be unecessary, signaling to our plates, stripped of all evidence, scraped bare.Many unreserved parties entered throughout the evening. All were turned away. We ordered a third glass of wine to celebrate our good fortune. But bounty has a way of multiplying, and so before long a fresh tomato consume was sent out to us in fabulous, oblong teacups. Pure distilled essence of tomato. I closed my eyes and gave silent thanks. When our chef at last determined that we simply would not go away, he relented. Zoe told us we could be seated. At the table we had mentally chosen so long before. Victory. Was. Ours.I ordered the - ready? - "torchon of foie gras with saffron poached pineapple and coriander, passion fruit and vanilla reduction." And since the chef's gifts were endless, he also included a second variety of foie gras (not on the menu) on the plate. And since we had already had the tomato consomme, he insisted we consume the seared scallop for balance. There's more, but I'm exhausted. I know you are too. So I won't take any more of your time. You'll simply have to try it yourself. (The menu changes frequently.) But make a reservation, for the love of God. And wear your trousers with the expandable waist.
<review# 680,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2006,8/5/2006,19,21,2,1,1>Skip the appetizers and the entrees and go straight to dessert.  Roasted peaches in an amaretto sauce.  Considered giving up sex and self-pleasure and simply roasting peaches twice a day.  The tiramisu is the best that i've had in ten years living in this city.  Only drawback...creepy Montenagren manager making slightly inappropriate racial comments...just wear earplugs.
<review# 681,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/31/2011,3/12/2012,286,298,12,19,18>Move over Room Service! There's a new flamboyant Thai restaurant in town, and it's bigger AND better! Qi's decor is fabulously over the top. Adorned in textured white and clear acrylic, Qi is like a futuristic Buddhist temple complete with a Buddha statue in the back. To break up the sterile white, there are massive, lenticular panels of Thai dancers yelp.com/biz_photos/JzD9… that run throughout the whole restaurant, including a particularly creepy one in the bathroom that appears to be staring at you as you wash your hands. If you think chandeliers are just for ceilings, think again. Qi uses glass-encased chandeliers for tables as well as for table-top decor. yelp.com/biz_photos/JzD9… Too bad the front of the restaurant is completely glass. Even though I discovered Qi because their interior caught my eye when I happened to be walking by, when you're inside, being able to see all of the traffic and grunge of 8th Ave makes the experience feel a lot less glam. It would have been really cool if the glass were double-sided, a window from the outside but a mirror from the inside.The food at Qi won't win any awards, but it's just as good if not better than a lot of the other Thai restaurants in the area. Qi has two menus: the Bangkok Selection menu and the Bangkok Classic menu. Designed by Pichet Ong, the Bangkok Selection is supposed to be the more "authentic" out of the two. How else can they explain the higher price point? The Bangkok Classic consists of the typical soups, salads, curries, noodles, and rice dishes you'd find at any Thai restaurant in Hell's Kitchen. I've tried items off both menus and I enjoyed both. While the GREEN DUCK CURRY yelp.com/biz_photos/JzD9… I had off the Bangkok Selection menu was very flavorful and tasty, the RED CURRY yelp.com/biz_photos/JzD9… I had off of the Bangkok Classic menu was equally good, proof that more expensive does not equal better. Give the Bangkok Selection menu a try if you're looking for something unique to Qi, but keep in mind that items on this menu cannot be adjusted. The Bangkok Classic menu is easier to tailor to your own tastes since you can specify spice level and choose the type of meat you want in your noodles or curry. Do not skip dessert! Pichet Ong, known primarily as a dessert chef, also designed Qi's dessert menu. I had the CHOCOLATE HAZELNUT DOME (with green tea ice cream) yelp.com/biz_photos/JzD9… the first time I went to Qi and it was so rich and creamy. Even if you're too full for dessert, at least get the ice cream trio (Bailey's, chocolate-chili, green tea). yelp.com/biz_photos/JzD9… My favorite was the chocolate-chili; they definitely don't hold back on the spice. Qi can also boast of a creative drink menu. They have a huge selection of flavored mojitos (I recommend passion fruit, watermelon, or lychee because those are made from real fruit) yelp.com/biz_photos/JzD9… and potent herb-infused drinks. There's even a drink with a paragraph-long name! yelp.com/biz_photos/JzD9… Apparently that's the official/old name for Bangkok.I've already been to Qi two times in the past couple of weeks and I can definitely see myself coming back for more. It's a great place to grab drinks after work or pre/post theater as a well a solid choice for Thai food lovers, or if you simply want to overdose on glitz and glamor.----LUNCH: Hey Midtown lunchers, Qi delivers! Their lunch deals are pretty good too; you can get a lunch entrée and complimentary appetizer for less than $10. Order on seamless.com for 20% off.
<review# 682,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2012,3/11/2012,356,239,4,9,6>I'm am not a hipster, nor a vegetarian...I have dreams about steakhouses and avoid Williamsburg.S'Nice provides fresh and healthy food with fast service.  As a result I come here often for lunch, it makes me feel better about myself when I don't have time for the gym and I've been sitting at my desk all day. I think to myself "I'm not working out or having any sort of physical activity today, BUT I ate something nutritious."The choices are all vegetarian, but appetizing to the non vegetarians. Ive tried several sandwiches and I have yet to be disappointed.  The atmosphere is trendy. They have communal seating and free wifi that makes it ideal for a meeting or catching up on work.The staff could not be anymore helpful and friendly. I will definitely be back.
<review# 683,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2011,3/10/2012,95,152,5,7,5>Fleece, wool, puffer coats prohibited! ........of course unless you WANT TO smell like Korean BBQ and make people salivate as they sniff you.Good quality meat and great service. I highly recommend the pork belly. They have generous portions and unlimited refill on the side dishes. The price is a bit steep but it's about what other Korean BBQ restaurants would charge you.
<review# 684,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2012,3/9/2012,253,690,3,7,6>Having never heard of Summit Bar, I was intrigued when it was selected for a friends birthday before a later dinner. Summit is way way east in ABC City. The place is cozy, with a long bar, that is broken into 3 sections. There is also a small seating area in front and in back. The atmosphere is great and you don't feel packed in like cattle like you do at some EV and LES bars. The cocktail list is extensive and exactly where you should spend your money. They are also reasonably priced. The regular stuff, like a manhattan, old fashioned are under $10, yes you heard me right. The specialty stuff are in the 10-15 range, but are excellent. If you are in the area and looking for a reasonably priced cocktail in a low key, but fun setting, this is your place.
<review# 685,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2012,3/8/2012,277,531,6,8,11>I love it here. Walked in on a Friday having been scared off of our original destination by a loud, large crowd. Stayed for the next 6 hours, with friends coming and going, many rounds of food and beverage enjoyed, and friends made with the lovely staff throughout the evening. Highlights include the options for seating - with a long bar, a few easy tables up front and a large dining area in the back there is a lot to choose from, and all lit with soft old-style bulbs that make everyone look cute. The menu is varied and local-ish, with standouts in the grilled cheese, fried pickles, shrimp salad, sliders, and I'm sure many other things we didn't have time to try. Prices on food were a fair $8-15 for appetizers, $20-30 for entrees. If I have one (minor!) complaint it's that some plates from the same sections had very different portion sizes, such that I envied my friends shrimp salad and wondered where the rest of my beets were. Mixed drinks were great, the bartender flexible and happy to please, beer selection was also a hit, and happy hour provided us ample opportunity to feel as if we were saving money and had choices on how to do so to boot (money which we then clearly spent on countless treats after the 7 o'clock witching hour passed.)Seriously, if you like feeling as if you've discovered something wonderful, while at the same time realizing you feel as if you are in your favorite neighborhood spot, come to sit with friends and talk for hours, or to go on a hot date (with sexy lighting!), enjoy a delicious meal or just pop in for a good stiff drink... you should go to Pour George, stat. It's easily a new favorite in the West Village, and one I'll search out in the very near future!
<review# 686,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2012,3/7/2012,547,793,6,11,7>This is such a hidden gem inside the Park South hotel (note you need to gain entry through the hotel). I think a lot of tourists eat here but NY foodies don't miss out!  The space is really small but intimate. Apparently they can accommodate large groups but I only saw maybe 2-3 6+ seaters. All in all, Black Duck is an intimidate affair with dim lighting, old American decor (with weird mermaid chandeliers) and a swanky bar. My bf and I came on a quiet Sunday around 8pm. Not many people were here - it was maybe 75% full. We made a rez for 8:30 but they sat us early. The hostess/coat check girl was super sweet. Our waiter was sweet too- he wasn't pushy considering we had a restaurant.com deal for $25 off $40 min. and 18% tip...and that we didn't order alcohol.  Our waiter made good recommendations and food came out really fast.  His top 2 dishes were the duck, and the halibut (per Yelp also) but sadly they only had the duck confit that night (not the breast, as the menu says) so he was honest in saying skip it. Apparently the breast is the highlight. Instead, I got the halibut. It was really good- nicely roasted to give off a crusty, yummy flavor. It wasn't overcooked at all. Atop really yummy sweet corn risotto, which was...really sweet! In a good way. Risotto done nicely. And sauteed spinach which was really nice and not overly done (just right).  $28.My bf ordered the burger, done medium rare. He said it was more rare, and juicy. It came on a wheat bun (cheese is optional). Instead of fries, he got extra salad, which they had no qualms with. Didn't try as I don't eat beef but I take his word that it was yummy. $15. I would have liked to try the tuna tartare appetizer but we just weren't too hungry. I wasn't blown away by the dessert selection (and not hungry enough) but they had brownies with vanilla ice cream, berries and sorbet, creme brulee, and chocolate molten lava cake (but not that night). All were $8 ish. My bf ordered  peppermint tea- which is kind of pricey here. $4 but you get 3 cups worth and they have lots of flavors.This is kind of normal new American hotel fare for me but done well so I had no complaints. They were also showing Golden Eye so that was a plus...a little entertainment on the side. Apparently they had live jazz sometimes but I have no idea where the band would play.  I probably wouldn't come back just because there are so many other places I'd like to try, but I recommend this place. It seems like they change up the menu for RW, which is quite the opposite from most places, which showcase their weakest dishes on RW.
<review# 687,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2011,3/6/2012,893,1315,5,6,8>Who travels from LES to Harlem for a little soul food? I DO! My roommate and I wanted to try something new, so we took a little trip up to Lenox ave and found a spot that was still serving a late lunch. Our first attempt was Red Rooster, but their lunch service stopped at 3. Sylvias is not only a restaurant, but her brand is also widely recognized in supermarkets for her canned food recipes and famous HOT SAUCE!Looking over the menu with so many different soul food options, it was extremely hard for me to choose one. but maybe even a couple of different plates. While we were making up our mind, our server brought over cornbread. The smell of the delicious bread made us devour it so fast, the basket was empty before the server returned to take our order. Instead of ordering when she returned, we handed over the basket and asked for another serving of cornbread first! LOL I had the smothered dark meat chicken with candied yams and delicious cheesy mac and cheese. My roommate had the fried chicken with black eyed peas and mac and cheese. You could tell we were hungry because we almost licked our plates clean in under five minutes!What a great choice we made, and we will definitely be returning here again soon!
<review# 688,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2011,3/5/2012,48,139,6,6,5>This place is hard to find...you'd walk right past it 100x before you'd even know its there, but once you know... The decor is dark and classy and feels decadent and mysterious and sort of noir-ish. Many people have commented that its a great place for some quiet quality catching up, and that it is. There is an insular feeling created by the atmosphere, so even if you are sitting right next to another table of people, you still feel like the only people there. I've never seen any raucous drunken behavior here; everyone keeps it down, talking in the sort of hushed voices you use at the library or at church...it adds to the mystique, I think. The 44 North is like liquid Skittles and packs a nice vodka punch. The never ending flow of popcorn (are those dried carrot shavings mixed in with the popcorn?!) is tasty and I always find myself shamelessly stuffing my face with it. (I was never one to contribute to a classy atmosphere...)Only thing is, after 3-4 drinks, I'm usually broke...and wasted. Not a place to spend the whole night drinking, unless you make 6 figures and have a robotic liver and iron fortitude.
<review# 689,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2011,3/4/2012,243,169,11,8,6>Best grocery store I've ever been to in my LIFE in terms of selection. I knew I was really in New York when I came here during my Freshman year of college. Every energy bar, bagel chip, obscure Greek yogurt...they have it, and they have it in every flavor. The produce selection is also amazing. I can't comment on the prepared food, because I've never gotten any. I always would hit up the olive bins, the fruit, and the upstairs. Upstairs is my FAVORITE. Not only is it a bit quieter, but it has the scoop bin area of everything from granola to nuts to peanut butter malt balls. YUM. You should definitely try the energy bites, which are cubes of carob, nuts and I believe figs mushed together into a delicious, protein-rich bite of energy.I'm docking a star because FOR THE LOVE OF GOD this place is so crowded. It makes you want to cry. And don't try to outsmart the crowds and go at an obscure time. New Yorkers will grocery shop at any time of day or night.
<review# 690,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2011,3/3/2012,358,1283,6,19,13>This place is ridiculously good. I am baffled as to how Loeser's still exists after such a huge demographic shift in the Bronx over the last 50 years. I guess it's a testament to the quality of the food and the steadfastness of the owner, who has ensured that all of the the Jewish classics he makes are still top quality and made with great care. This is one of those under the radar places that doesn't get the accolades that Katz's, the 2nd Ave Deli, and Barney Greengrass do. But Loeser's is absolutely in the same league, if not the best out of all of them.Lunch was about $30 for 2, and included sandwiches, soups, cole slaw, pickles, and drinks. A bit pricey for the area, but you're getting some of the best Jewish food anywhere.Without a doubt, this is a five star Jewish deli. Worth a special trip up to the Bronx.
<review# 691,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2013,1/9/2014,40,215,7,15,7>Having recently moved into the city, my goal is to have one All-Star restaurant for every different cuisine (Yelpers, as soon as my collection is extensive, I'll turn it into a list!). I've already got my Israeli and Mexican places; this may as well be my Spanish go-to.Casa Pomona offers an amazing selection of authentic Spanish tapas, with a handful of innovative additions. The decor is beautiful, very emblematic of restaurants in Madrid. This is THE places to go "tapear" (Verb: try different arrays of tapas, to obtain a diverse culinary experience, and to shun the individuals who suggests everyone order their own main course). I came across this place through Blackboard Eats, a site that emails out new restaurants offering discounts; I took advantage of the 30% off deal to try out Casa Pomona. As for the individual tapas, here's what I thought. Patatas bravas: best fried potatoes I've ever had; crispy perfection, topped with a sublime tomato-paprika sauce. Cochinillo: pork skin wasn't entirely crispy, but it was juicy and flavorful. Cheese sampling: let the chef decide for you, he knows best! Albondigas: mama mia what an amazing meatball. Only two downsides: the sangria was nothing to write home about, and the service was slow (took a while to pay for the check, servers weren't super friendly). However, we had a large pitcher of water (steady access to water is important for me while eating out), so they were pretty minor issues.
<review# 692,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2013,1/8/2014,343,542,8,12,10>When Hungry Boy asked me if I was interested in brunch, I was like, "You had me at brunch, say no more!" However, he's not as much of a brunch person as I am and I was very curious to see which place this was and bam, he said, "Family Recipe." This place has been under my foodar for awhile already, on top of that, a Groupon deal has been purchased a few months back.The entrance is a solid wooden door, which can be missed and thought of as a door to the apartment building. The place was small and cozy. The ambiance was pretty modern and laid back at the same time. The servers are really friendly and attentive. For this place, I suggest a reservation is a must, unless you get there right at opening hours. We didn't reserve and we were fine by the bar because we got to see every order that came out.Bottom-less coffee...well I can't really give input on this one because I'm not much of a coffee drinker. It's good once, I added 2, 3, maybe 4 lumps of sugar to it! Yuzu mimosa, it's very citrusy and refreshing at the same time. I absolutely love it (I vouch for this)! Bloody samurai was okay. I prefer white wine over reds. To start we had the miso soup was actually pretty flavorful with chunks of tofu and heaping amounts of seaweed. The vinaigrette salad was very fresh and refreshing. I really love the combination and texture of the different types of vegetables here. Plus, I love the hint of pink peppercorn utilized in this dish. Apple smoked bacon was crispy and delicious...what more can I ask for from bacon?As for Hungry Boy's entree, he had the Lobster ramen with lobster miso broth. Lobster and ramen? Now that's something we both never had before. This ramen came with one lobster claw and half a tail. The lobster was slightly overcooked. The ramen had a good texture and the lobster miso broth was just WHOA! I mean literally, I wished Hungry Boy's phone would ring or something, so he be too busy talking and not see me scarf down the entirety of his ramen!For me, I always have a sweet tooth. So of course, I got the green tea chocolate pancake with raspberry maple syrup and black sesame ice cream. I wish it was waffles instead of pancakes lol. Anyway, the texture of the pancakes were...hmmm..let me put it this way, "it's so fluffy, I'm gonna die!" The pancakes were so airy and fluffy at the same time, it's kind of like a cross over between cotton candy and a cloud (not that I've eaten a cloud before, but if I have the chance I sure will). The pancakes alone were not overly sweet, it was just right. But topped with ice cream and drizzle of syrup makes it perfect!Overall, it was a great brunch date with delicious foods! I recommend going on a date here. Plus, this place still have a deal on Groupon!
<review# 693,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2013,1/7/2014,176,162,6,9,8>The gyro pita here is so so good and much healthier than its street cart counterparts. It comes as a pita stuffed with hummus & plenty of lamb and a great selection of veggies and sauces. The thing weighs close to 5 pounds. I'm not a fan of the fries: they're always soggy & a little greasy, but the gyro beyond fills me up anyway. Also, delivery takes about an hour, so order early. But try the chimichurri sauce, it's so flavorful.
<review# 694,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2013,1/6/2014,349,349,16,19,18>Gene Schafer at Arc Athletics is a one-of-a-kind personal trainer and rehab expert who should be your best friend if you are genetically predisposed to bulking up in the wrong places or if you simply want to get on the fast track to recovery from a self-inflicted sports injury.I have known Gene for a couple of years, from the time he moved Arc to Tribeca from its original location in the Upper West Side.   He is genial, accommodating and knowledgeable.  Gene is increasingly well-known in the community and has a fan following that comprises beefy bankers, recuperating realtors, NBA stars and a long list of average Joes, myself included.Try a 45-minute session with Gene.  Or sign up to use the Alter-G, the only anti-gravity treadmill in the downtown area.  Or, better still, set up an appointment with Gene at his 'industrial cool' facility on Staple Street to develop a customized program for your particular needs.  I highly recommend it!
<review# 695,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2013,1/5/2014,171,92,11,16,12>In all my years of eating ice cream and racking my brain around the "who has the best ice cream??" debate, I'm finally willing to admit my (and many others) mistake for stubbornly getting lost hating on certain stores and all 50 flavors they serve just because we didn't like the two that we had that day.For instance, Sundaes & Cones is one of those risk-taking parlors. Sure, they have the classic chocolate and vanilla which are pretty solid. But if you have never tasted or do not like wasabi, ginger, or black sesame (in their actual forms), you probably won't be happy with those particular ice cream flavors that your asian friend recommended because he/she was trying to be exotic and demonstrate asian-pride. The fact that they can draw out those particular flavors into their ice cream is definitely impressive to me but I personally think those three flavors are absolutely disgusting. Well, the black sesame is ooooookay but it's still way too strong, in my opinion. So why 5 stars?? Because they have three flavors which, for my particular palate, are three of the most amazing scoops of ice cream I've had, one of which I would venture to say is the best scoop I've had in New York.  Pistachio-Almond: Most would say if you want a good scoop of pistachio, you're better off going for some gelato, which I would completely agree with. However, for ice cream, this is really damn good. Bring in a scoop of pistachio gelato and have a scoop of their pistachio-almond and you'll taste the difference. It might not be as rich as gelato but the almonds definitely add a layer of flavor that is unique and works really well with the pistachio.Taro: For starters, the best scoop of taro that I've personally had is at Chinatown Ice Cream Factory (CICF). But Sundaes & Cones comes out in a close second and really, it all comes down to preference. The taro at Sundaes & Cones doesn't have the grainy texture but instead, is more smooth and easier for people who may be trying it for the first time. Granted, I think some of the flavor is lost relative to CICF but when it comes down to it, there is still plenty of taro flavor and for many people I've taken, they've been immensely satisfied having never had taro. Hazelnut: One word: Fragrant. If you want to experience what I think is the best scoop of ice cream I've had so far in NY, go get some hazelnut from Sundaes & Cones and judge for yourself. It's. Fucking. Delicious.oh yeah, the prices aren't too bad either :)
<review# 696,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2013,1/4/2014,76,138,3,11,2>you'd think that after studying and passing the new york bar exam i'd be sick to my stomach at the idea of sitting in another coffee shop . . . ahh, but you'd be wrong. turns out my comfort zone IS the coffee shop. pleasant people watching, delicious cup o' brew, typically great music, and an escape into my thoughts and ideas. yes, coffee shops are places where i can zone out and read and write to my heart's content.it was a great surprise to find birch, just one subway stop away from my apartment. i had known of the flat iron location for quite some time but just never made it there. and while i had every intention of making lenox coffee my go-to neighborhood coffee shop, i'm a tiny little gal. and tiny little gals probs shouldn't go too far uptown into harlem alone at night. (yo, i'm just being real . . . can never be too careful!) hence, my venture to 96th street one sunday evening.i didn't really know what to expect from birch. but, i definitely have high standards for coffee shops (check out my list - "it's espresso, not expresso" for all my coffee shop adventures).aside from the fact that i walked in and stood at the counter for a solid 2-3 minutes before i was greeted (looks like a baristo was socializing with some guests), i was pleasantly surprised.the space is significantly large, but not dangerously cavernous (take note, bourbon coffee). the menu is extensive - i noticed a dinner menu and beer, but settled for a decaf cafe au lait. the baristo was super nice and helpful. the music selection was on point. and perhaps my favorite part . . . CANDLES! yes, there are tiny candles at each table. shut up. i dunno . . . there's just something beautiful about a cute coffee shop, candlelit at night, great music playing. ya see . . . i'd rather fall in love with someone at a coffee shop (or library) than at some random bar. shrug.i didn't use the Internet (strictly a reading and writing sort of night), so i can't attest to how good or bad it is.regardless, i plan on being a frequent customer here. and i'm hoping i get better service next time i visit. not that service was terrible - i'm being picky here. but, it seems rather rude to ignore a customer for almost 3 minutes, especially when the place isn't packed. but, i'll give them the benefit of the doubt.
<review# 697,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2013,1/3/2014,605,206,9,15,13>Finally, a decent bagel place in Alphabet City.  While I am a big fan of David's bagel, it's new location is too far for me.  Lucky for me, Tompkins Square bagel opened just below my apartment!  YAY!With a wide selection of bagels, cream cheeses and sandwiches, you'll be able to find something to satisfy your hunger pangs.  This location has plenty of seating in the back and it even has a backyard area for those especially pleasant afternoons.  I also enjoy sitting at the front counter for my favorite past time, people watching.While the service is friendly and prompt, check out is always a bit confusing and slows down the whole operations.  At times, the cashier is calling out for pick up orders, at other times it's another back counter employee.  I also find it annoying when people who ordered after me get their orders before me.  Just a personal pet peeve.  Other than that, this joint is spot on for all of your bagel and pastry needs.
<review# 698,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2013,1/1/2014,239,287,4,7,6>I came here to see Yayoi Kusama's I Who Have Arrived In Heaven. I wouldn't have known about it had it not been for a friend out in SF who sent me the link.It was a Saturday and I guess when things are hyped up... there are lines. We walked way to the back of one line only to realize it was for the infinity room and the wait was probably 3+ hours. No thanks. Someone outside trying to organize the chaos that was the line situation brought us to the line for the Love is Calling exhibit. We waited for maybe 15-30 minutes until we got inside. Were they colored tentacles? I'm not sure. You get to spend 1 minute inside and take as many photos as you want. The mirrored room definitely gives the place much more depth.Once you exit, there's a video of Yayoi singing one a poem about Manhattan, wearing a red wig and a polka dotted top. I think the dots are a consistent theme in her work.We then ventured over to the gallery. What a huge space. And her pieces, vibrant... so many eyes... so many faces... I noted to my plus one that I appreciated the imperfection in the pieces--every dot didn't need to be the same size. But I'm no art afiicionado so I'll leave the interpretation to the pros.Probably better to come on a weekday. I might come back for infinity room... caught a small glimpse of it as I was passing by the indoor part of the line--I think you can only fit 1-3 people in there at a time.
<review# 699,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2013,12/31/2013,211,383,14,15,12>on a lunch date with a friend that has been here many times and she suggested:wait for me there and order the soup dumplings and the scallion pancakes and something else for you.I said she is not hungry how is she going to eat 8 dumplings.. let me just order spring rolls and we should be set.I walk in, when i speak to the lady in front:ME: im waiting for a friend, can i check to se eif she is hereLADY: sure take a lookME: the place was empty since it was after lunch and i didn't se her so i asked to be seated.LADY: this guy will seat you.DUDE: looks at me and says, are you sure you are at the right place?ME: yeah im sureDUDE: this is Shanghai HepingME: i know i have been here before. I get seated and realized what just happened, so i placed the order:The pork soup dumplings are delicious,  follow the instructions that Chun M list so you dont get burned. We got 3 different sauces to put in our soup dumplings and pancakes. The pancakes when hot tasted superb.. reminded me of fresh pastries when i was a kid.On the other hand the spring rolls were subpar- greasy and nasty. My friend said, from now on do not order spring rolls at a chinese restaurant. Then she says, this is all the food you ordered? so she orders a seafood fried rice that had no salt (better for you)The food all was good except the spring greasy rolls. The price was super cheap and the place was not packed. Food arrived promptly and i was happy with the overall amount of food.
<review# 700,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2013,12/30/2013,547,793,8,13,8>Thank heavens there is an authentic SPANISH grocer. I mean, there are plenty of Italian ones so why not change it up a bit.  Despana is a unique experience that's obviously done well for itself considering that multiple locations have opened up in Queens and NJ.  I came here to buy my bf's mom some yummy cold pressed olive oil and was happy to see various carving stations with jamons galore (they do a carving class! But it'll cost you).  The best part about Despana as its little tapas, coffee, and sandwich (bocadillo) options.  For tapas, I've tried two types of tortilla espanolas: the chorizo (I mean chorizo is yummy always), and the queso (cheesy, goodness). They make their omelets so fluffy and delightful.  And not overly greasy.As for the other tapa: I had these flatbread thing with goat cheese and some weird-tasting onion jam (eh), and the pulpo (also eh, but cold pulpo is always eh).  The goat cheese was good, though.  Bf and I shared two bocadillos- the chorizo- just spicy awesomeness with some manchengo, and the serrano jam, which some even more awesome mancheno (soft and sharp) but this sandwich had a weird hint of mustard (something yellow) that I didn't care for.  The best part was the dusty, crusty, and fresh bread.  I would do that over a French baguette any day. And last but not least?  The Cafe Bombon, the Spanish version of what I take to be a Vietnamese coffee- this small shot of espresso is amazing with considered milk (I always ask for less).   Prices are cheap- bocadillos for $10 ish and everything else under that.  Yum.  Definitely a huge fan and will frequent here a bunch.  Too bad their seating area is rather small, and too bad they close at 7 on weekdays which makes this really only a weekend lunch spot.
<review# 701,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2009,9/5/2009,203,182,11,13,12>I was looking for someplace special for my birthday a few months back. So I called on the expert advice of Becca S--she pointed me to Zenkichi, raving about its sexiness and great food. (and pointing me to her hilarious review..i.e. don't go to Zenkichi with your old pal you just reconnected with on Facebook)The restaurant is a dark, maze-like den for lovers. One narrow hallway among bamboo-curtained tables leads to another...turning, you step from one slate-gray stone to the next and arrive at the next hallway...oh wait--that's a mirror. Turn around. Watch out for that tiny step. It is an absolute thrill to navigate the narrow halls of Zenkichi, catching vague glimpses of parties behind the shades and scattered laughs and chatter."Excuse meeee---" That's the sound of your waitress arriving to roll up the bamboo curtain separating you and your date from the rest of the world. The servers are impeccably polite at Zenkichi, almost to the point of embarrassment, in a way that only the Japanese can truly pull off.And the food--it's delightful. Portions are small, as intended, but big on flavor. Creamy kumamoto oysters with jellied bonito broth ease you into the current winter tasting menu, accompanied by delicate spoons of silky homemade tofu topped with urchin and a vinegared, thinly sliced maguro-topped salad.The chicken and mushroom salad is forgettable--but only because it's followed by tempura-style shirako, or cod milt. If you bother looking up what you're eating, it seems wholly unappetizing--but it'd be a big mistake not to try it. It's like a delicately battered and fried mushroom on the outside and a creamy warm oyster on the inside. Don't miss this seasonal treat!The miso grilled cod is predictably wonderful and buttery, and the final hot dish, albacore simmered with daikon, is a surprising treat, a sort of comfort food home-cooked just for you by the Japanese mother you never had.Desserts aren't a strong point at Zenkichi--honestly I'd prefer an interesting tea in lieu of the forced renditions of western favorites (strawberry shortcake?).To drink, it's nice to try the sake tasting, where they serve you three shot-glass-sized portions of different sakes from their well curated menu. The choices on the last visit ranged from a junmai dai ginjo, a delicately floral sake made with the sweetest part of the rice grain and best drunk alone, to a junmai, heavier, slightly acidic and more redolent of ferment--perfect to pair with fish.I don't believe I could ever tire of Zenkichi--leaving, you'll feel as if you just walked out of your personal paradise. With a full belly.
<review# 702,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2009,9/4/2009,786,1284,29,36,39>_______________ 1000TH REVIEW!!! _______________ Island's Grand Grill replaced Dampa's Grill a few months back. i moved to Rosebank from South-A-Beach-A; "Italian territory" about a year ago.  i was in dyer need of Filipino food and never realized that in many parts of Staten Island... there are clusters of Filipino joints. i would walk by everyday and try to peek inside. it's literally on my block and you could almost smell the Pork Adobo from my window. now, Rosebank/South Beach/Clifton... you don't see many other options but Italian. everything is run by the Italians in these neck of the woods and sometimes i feel really out of place. you walk into trattorias  and there's a glare and/or surprised look on everyone's face. till this day, i'm still not used to it. the pinky rings, the guidos, the "boys clubs"  (which i'm not going to disclose more information about what it is) and soda shoppes... i was crying out for something comforting. the first week Island's Grand Grill opened up for business, i realized that this was a turo-turo style restaurant. "turo-turo" means "point-point" in Tagalog. you order by pointing to the steam table. everyday is something different... which i LOVE. i can't name everything they serve- but some of my favorites are: Milkfish, Chicken Menudo, Kare Kare and Sinigang. you can also order freshly made items like Lumpiang Shanghai (filipino style spring rolls)- a TOTAL HIT!!!, Pancit  Bihon (thin rice noodles w/ your choice of meat), Palabok (thick rice noodles smothered with a thick, golden shrimp sauce and topped with: shrimp, crushed or ground (chicharron), hard-boiled egg) and almost ANY Filipino dish you ask. the moment i walked in. i was a little skeptical. almost petrified. i didn't even like stepping into Chinese take out places in S.I.- but i needed to get over my anxiety. the owner, a quiet and smiling elderly man greeted me and asked what i wanted. it was still mid breakfast hour and not many steam dishes were ready. i was craving for something hot and broth-y. i usually order Sinigang (a sour soup of fish, pork, shrimp, or beef is stewed with tamarind, green pepper, tomato, and onion), but the cat had my tongue. i didn't know what to order. now, he could probably see my body language and knew there was something "off" with me. he yelled into the kitchen and asked them make Chicken Mami (chicken noodle w/ clear broth) for me. i was confused- but something in my heart told me to trust him. it was magnificent and just perfect for my taste palette. that's how it all started. i've been coming here for a long time- the owner and his wife smile and welcome me every time i stop in. they may not know me by name nor do we have long conversations. however, i feel like they know my soul. i feel so happy when i'm there and all the great comfort food is available that i miss from living in Manila and the westcoast- with its abundant Filipino community. anyway, on with the menu! the breakfast deals are extraordinary. most people don't like heavy breakfasts... but Filipinos- don't care. this menu consists of:  * Daingsilog - fish, garlic fried rice and fried egg  * Longsilog - longganisa (filipino sausage), fried rice and fried egg  * Tocilog - filipino ham/bacon, garlic fried rice and fried egg  * etc. if you ask, they will cook it. =)my personal favorite is the Spamsilog or Longsolig. i top it off with some Jufran banana ketchup. you can also order Lechon Baboy. wtf is that? WELL... if you're a fan of Anthony Bourdain: No Reservations- you can recall the episode when he's in the Philippines. yup. the ROAST PIG. you can either order it whole (which will take a few days to pick up) or just ask for cuts of it at the restaurant. also in that episode... the sizzling Sisig, a Philippine dish made from parts of pig's head, liver and usually seasoned with kalamansi and chili peppers. sounds scary, right? it's actually pretty good! Island's Grand Grill will whip this up for you, too! During the spring/summer- they offer Halo Halo, a dessert that is a mixture of shaved ice and milk to which are added various sweet beans and fruits. it's a must try! Turrón (plantain/banana spring roll) is fried up and on display for you to drool over daily. Leche Flan and other baked goods such as Sio Pao (like Chinese buns) and Pan de Sal (sweet rolls) are available to purchase. i hope this place never goes away. ever since i've developed a love for this restaurant, i feel like it's a part of my family. i bring my friends who will brave it out to visit me in Shaolin (SI). they fall in love with the owners and enjoy the delicious food, too. i know practically everything on their menu and in total awe every time they randomly freestyle something for me if i have a craving. in all honesty- on the outer shell, i am a Korean. in heart; a true Filipina. =)
<review# 703,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2009,9/3/2009,646,1303,19,19,17>***250th Review!***There are days in our life that seem like any other day, but they are borne of events that end up making them extraordinary.  On Saturday I spent the entire day in Brooklyn and was exposed to every great thing about that borough.  I never appreciated all that I was missing until that day.  But one thing clearly stood out, Grimaldi's Pizza.  I am almost embarrassed to say it.  I mean, if I see a line of tourists, I immediately look for another place to go.  I am not even all that crazy about pizza -- I usually don't even eat the crust.  Everything about this place just seems wrong for me.  As a couple we would never make it.  My friends would whisper in my ear, telling me that this Grimaldi girl is bad news.  But I have to throw away everything I think I know about food, or at least pizza, because this is the best damn pizza I ever had in my life!  How do I know?  I ATE THE ENTIRE PIZZA BY MYSELF!!!Yes, you read that correctly.  I am a fairly thin guy who is never yielded to gluttony.  And somehow, miraculously, I summoned a ravenous appetite that could not be assuaged.  On my pizza, I had the pepperoni and the garlic.  Sweet, spicy, delicious pepperoni.  Rustically cut, thick, and robust in flavor.  I slavered for this.  But then there was the garlic.   I do not recall ever seeing garlic as an option for a pizza, but it was a brilliant stroke.  Warm roasted fresh garlic made this pizza sing, "That's Amore"!  The marriage of such hedonistic tastes was further enhanced by the gentle call of that decadent marinara.  Like a siren leading me not into ruin, but into unabated temptation.  I was more than pleased.  Everything was just right about this pizza.  Even the crust.  The crust!  So light and puffy.  As I was just savoring this experience, they played "New York, New York" in the restaurant.  Indeed, I was just having one of those incredible New York days.Now I am in a terrible predicament.  I have found the best pizza in the world, but it will only see me in Brooklyn, and even then only after I wait an hour in line.  Like glimpsing David for the first time, you are awestruck, but you can never have it to yourself.  You must suffer for the great things in life.  So, only in an effort to make the lines a little bit smaller.  Stay away from this place.  The pizza is terrible here.  Leave me alone to eat all of it by myself!
<review# 704,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2008,9/2/2009,110,187,17,18,13>how to stop an oncoming cold / flu dead in its tracks*:1.) go to liquiteria.2.) order a double shot of wheatgrass.3.) order a large "killer" it has green apples, ginger, lemon, and immune prevention.  when they ask if you want cayenne pepper, say that you want all the cayenne they've got.  they won't give it to you, but they will give you extra.4.) throw back the wheatgrass and chase it with some killer to drown out the taste (and feeling) that you are drinking someone's front lawn.if you think this is too expensive, it's a hell of a lot cheaper than a doctor's visit, or even a co-pay.    * this statement has not been evaluated by the FDA and this reviewer will admit he does occasionally get sick even with this method.  but, like they say, 60% of the time it works every time.
<review# 705,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2009,9/1/2009,349,349,26,41,33>Dr. Bronsky is to orthodontics what Bach is to the Cornelius-styled Three Bs of classical music.  A talented practitioner with great bedside manner and an excellent grasp of your work, lifestyle and interests.  A slim yet well-rounded physician.The doctor is complemented by two associates--the m&m's--Drs. Matos and Moon--both quite proficient, even if they are yet to develop the gravitas of their senior partner in crime.  The staff is friendly and accommodating, with the rare exception.  And with two locations--Tribeca and the UES--you have some flexibility with your appointments.His services come at a premium (five figures!).  But you cannot find better braces to help correct your bite, or a better doctor to fix your irregular incisors, crowded canines and misaligned molars.So don't wait to get your appointment for a new patient consultation with Dr. Bronsky.  And don't forget to bring a hefty retainer.  You will likely get two pairs in return, as your treatment draws to a conclusion after a couple of years of professional care rendered by Dr. Bronsky and his deservedly flourishing practice.
<review# 706,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2009,8/31/2009,87,272,16,18,16>So *this* is the advantage of living in Queens.  Oh, OK.  Got it.The combination of being engulfed by a few 5 story buildings on the periphery & a few spot lights gives you the feeling that you are stepping onto CitiField for an at-bat during a night game.  As such, I ran through the bench aisles doling out high fives and then when I got to the end I jumped & chest bumped a random stranger.  It was the atmosphere, I swear.Then there is the fire pit.  Its only about ten feet by 3 feet, but it did prompt roommate & I to hop around on one foot and do a rain dance.  Fortunately, our dancing sucked and did not please the rain gods.  Studio Square also has a wonderful slate style patio- not the gravel pit of some other local outdoor venues.  Did I mention the area is freaking huge?  This place knows they're going to get jammed in the summer and have planned ahead:  - at least two large bars, where we didnt wait at all for drinks.  - open 4-4 M-F, noon-4 Saturday & Sunday.- about 12 individual bathrooms for the fellas.  Sorry, but you're not supposed to go together for breaks anyway.Between Studio Square & Water Taxi Beach (& perhaps Dutch Kills?), LIC looks like its becoming a nice summertime addition to anyone's repertoire.
<review# 707,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2009,8/30/2009,353,1039,12,14,16>Beer snobbery at its finest!I discovered this great place thanks to Yelp. I went once in the summer and really need to get back here asap. This cozy beer cellar on 7th Avenue has a real intimate feel to it. The room only has three wide tables--so the place gets crowded easily. Beer Table's menu is heavenly...yes I said heavenly. When I stopped in last July they had three specialty drafts, plus a dozen or so bottled beers. The owners told me that their menu changes daily and that they put a lot of work into making a great new variety each day for patrons.I tried the delicate Reissdorf Kölsch. Absolutely delicious and worth trying (if it is there of course). While I wet my whistle I partook in some of their numerous cheeses. I love me some cheese. They match the cheeses with the beers perfectly. Chomping on cheese and throwing back beer on a beautiful afternoon in Brooklyn...isn't that what life is all about?Damn I think I am headed back there now this weekend. You win again Irish genes! Damn you!
<review# 708,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2009,8/29/2009,440,271,23,12,13>Why I hate you with love:You make me wish I was Asian....You are huge, 2 floors FILLED top to bottom with cool stuff making me wander around aimlessly for hours....You are cheap, and because you are cheap, I spend a fortune buying so many things, I am onto your tricks...You make me realize I need to buy something that I had no idea I even wanted... Hello, Chinese Takeout Box Replica Lamp....You make me want to be a geisha not just on halloween but the weekends...You make me yearn to have my entire apartment Asian themed, and you really convince me with your waterfalls, buddhas, chinese signs, and your plethora of kitchenware...You made me buy chopsticks and actually think I can use them, grrrr.....You make me relax by the steps going down to the basement with that huge waterfall and rock scene, and so relaxed that I want to nap, on the steps...You make me take a ton of pictures, leaving me looking like a tourist, I may as well wear a flower shirt when I come in, have maps coming out of my pocket, and a huge camera strap around my neck....Oh how I hate to love you...
<review# 709,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2009,8/28/2009,107,117,15,21,15>This is the best Malaysian I've had (aside from eating in Malaysia itself).  The atmosphere isn't anything exotic, it's your average low-key "asian" restaurant stuffed onto the streets of Chinatown / Little Italy.  The wait could be long, so the other option is to go to Jaya which is also good and has a cool atmosphere, except they don't serve my favorite dish which I will mention below.I like to do "Family style" at any Asian restaurant I go to, because there are so many different flavors to each dish, it's good to share.  Like everyone else, you have to order the Roti Canai which is a thin, papery, crispy pancake that you dip into a curry chicken sauce.  You should also order the Roti Telur which is a thicker pancake stuffed with egg and onions that you can dip into the curry chicken sauce as well.  I also like the steamed spring roll with the jicama and shrimp, it's very similar to a Vietnamese fresh summer roll.Best dish that no one seems to write about: SARANG BURONG - it is a mix of shrimp, chicken, snow peas and other veggies sauteed and put inside of a fried Taro basket.  This dish is OUT OF THIS WORLD.  The fried Taro basket can take the place of coconut rice because of it's subtle sweet flavoring to offset the saltiness in the dish itself.  I mean, I dream about this dish, it is THAT GOOD.  I haven't been able to find another Malaysian place that makes this - except 1 place in Malaysia.  I don't know if it is authentic persay, but I all I know is that it is DAMN GOOD.The tumeric rice dish as a side is good too, it is coconut rice with shrimp, eggs, and chinese sausage.  The Hainese chicken dish is also very very good.  You will spend about $20 each on a good, filling, authentic dinner.
<review# 710,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2009,8/27/2009,119,457,13,19,26>Thank the sweet Lord in Heaven above for independent bookstores. Mark my words: we will be eternally sorry as a country and a civilization when we let all of these wonderful institutions slip through our stupid little fingers into the corporate, big-boxed void. You MUST support them. And if you live in/visit Greenpoint you must support this one. Its stock is small (as is the store) but diverse and geared to the discerning book lover. Great new fiction mixed with classics mixed with fascinating nonfiction. And I'm sure they could order anything for you. The also have a fantastic children's section complete with a perfect little reading area. You'll also find super cool, hip little stationery and journals and chapbooks near the register. PLEASE. I BESEECH YOU: When shopping for books, shop independent. Shop Word.
<review# 711,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2010,11/11/2010,689,545,12,12,12>Had you asked me a year ago.... I would have said... bagels?? WTF.  there is nothing special about bagels and I don't eat em' anyways.  pssssssshhhh.I've got news for you.  I've been on a bagel kick lately, and not sure if it's due to the cream cheese, the salmon or WHAT....but i've been hooked.  simple as that.   you either care for them or you don't..and right now, bagels got a whole lotta lovin' from moi.  Was in the neighborhood and so I stopped to get a whole wheat everything bagel with lox... tomatoes & onions.  one point lost automatically for not having red onions. you simply CAN'T eat lox without RED onions...not white, not yellow.....RED!!!  Well, that's my philosophy at least...awesome friggin' bagel.  better than Murrays... crunchy on the outside and crispy & chewy on the inside.  it definitely didn't need to be toasted.  it was perfect.  the bagel was also nicely seasoned, i'm not sure if it was the sesame or the garlic..something was tossed in salt.  it was delicious.  scallion cream cheese was very good..however, i think i like the salmon at Murrays better...and all the other fixins.  i'm gonna have to do a taste test challenge for myself.. after a few times of eating at both places...i'm pretty sure i'd like the bagels here more though.  one thing is true....undeniably GOOD.  i had exactly half a portion left and actually toasted it... it actually didn't taste any better!  i was shocked. i  was really adamant on getting it toasted, but if it's that good, no oven is required.hmm.. now i wonder how much better a non-whole wheat bagel tastes??anyways, i'll be back here for some bagels and their spreads only... charging $12 for a lox bagel is a little astronomical don't you think?!?!
<review# 712,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2010,11/10/2010,611,712,15,16,17>Sometimes you have to be fancy. Sometimes, you have to be fancy with your lady friends. And your coworker. And your lady friend's coworker. Sometimes you have to coerce non-whiskey drinkers into drinking the whiskey that comes with their three course meal.This three course meal + booze cost us under 40 bucks (sans tip) thanks to Blackboard Eats, and Char No. 4 did not skimp. It was clear that the promotion was a serious attempt at winning over future customers. Win us over they did. We were early so my party indulged in some Lagunitas and Kelso. Here's a tip: They offer Bulleit and a beer for $10...great bargain. Unfortunately I was almost drunk by the time we arrived, so I opted to wait for the flight. Abstaining from happy hour definitely didn't do me any favors. Once we were seated and served our first course (a sublime chilled soup of green chile, cucumber, avocado, and invisible smoked shrimp. The perfect amount of slow burning kick really made my day), they brought our first round of booze. I don't remember what it was. But it was great. And from that moment on, we started our transformation from a smiley, giggling group to a full on gaggle of laugh gasping, cheekbone hurting, flailing goons. And it was fabulous. Not one drop of soup remained, and the same went for the bourbon. Course # 2 was our entree. I went for the house sausage w/ mustard potato salad and crispy shallots. I appreciated the sausage, and it was well made, but there was somethign that was just not quite to my liking. There is no denying that it is probably a popular dish, but it just was not my style. The potato salad, on the other hand, was fantastic. I'm a big fan of mustard, so it was right up my alley. With this course came a sour mash whiskey. It was perfect. I sampled the sweet potato gnocchi, which was a tad large in my opinion, and I enjoyed its flavors. The hen of the woods were a great touch. For dessert we enjoyed slices of key lime pie topped with homemade marshmallow, over the perfect graham cracker crust. I had almost no room for this, but somehow managed to eat half of my serving. I did, however, have room for the whiskey. Needless to say, I stumbled out of this joint full, happy and quite drunk. Full from the food, happy thanks to the company and the sexy, accommodating service, and drunk from all that fucking alcohol. The logical next move? Well, to another bar of course!
<review# 713,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2010,11/9/2010,361,716,19,30,26>Qualifications to judge Korean restaurants:[insert statement about being Korean and having grown up with Korean food][insert obnoxious statement about being from LA where there are an overabundance of good Korean food so I **really** know Korean food and NY just doesn't compare][insert statement about parents being authentic Koreans from Korea*, so they know Korean food][insert statement that parents are particularly picky about Korean food]Okay, after Kun Jip I had one more chance to convince my dad that NY wasn't all bad, so I took them to the best Korean restaurant I knew. I've been praising Hahm Ji Bach to my mother for a while, but my mom is suspicious of my taste in Korean food after not having lived in LA for so long. The best part of Hahm Ji Bach is the ban chan (side dishes). I could happily make a meal out of their side dishes and rice. With ban chan that goooooood, you don't need anything else. Read my previous review for what Hahm Ji Bach means. There was a huge spread of ban chan and while certain things like different kinds of kim chi and tofu will always be there, other side dishes always change. The marinated tofu in the chili soy sauce mixture is my favorite, along with the the Korean squash. My parents were mightily impressed with the quality and quantity of ban chan. My mom approvingly nodded her head and agreed that they really do serve great ones. She was absolutely ecstatic to see one of her favorites, which is a crab kim chi like thing. 1) All other restaurants that have this, have this as a special, not as a free ban chan, and 2) when they serve it, they give you just a small portion. She was amazed with how much of it they gave to us. Aside from a small taste that I had, she ate the whole thing herself. The ban chan is always really fresh and great. I've never had a single bad ban chan there. PLUS, as in the tradition of Korean restaurants, you can get as much ban chan as you want. The waitresses are really great about figuring out what you really like and they will often times slip you another before you have a chance to request it.We had our fill of ori (thinly sliced duck meat) and pork bulgogi. The waitress warned us that it would be spicy, but it wasn't spicy at all. I've had this dish three times and I have to say, this was the least spicy that I've ever had it. Usually it's spicier. My parent thoroughly approve of this place both in food and price. It's much cheaper here for better food compared to Manhattan. My parents complimented the waitress about the food. At the end of the meal, I asked my dad once more what he thought of this restaurant compared to LA.His answer was, "It's just as good as LA."Got it here, folks. Now go eat there!*They've been certified.P.S. Hahm Ji Bach loves Yelp. They had snippets of Yelpers' reviews in their menu and Wing's review was one of them! Great job!
<review# 714,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2010,11/8/2010,552,567,15,21,22>Five stars, really? Yes. Because Walter Foods is my local Little Black Dress - the just-classy-casual-enough, all-purpose bistro-pub that you can dress down with brunch and a buddy, or dress up on a low-key-elegant oysters date, or opt for business casual at, sipping Sazeracs with an acquaintance. In addition, you'll find the timelessness of sophisticated gender neutrality in dark wood benches and old-school manly-man gin and whiskey cocktails, and a seasonally apropos garden. There's functionally no occasion, climate or temperament that Walter Foods can't pull off*, and that's not even to speak of the food!The menu is succinct but versatile - find higher-brow, $20ish fare like truffle-drizzled cous cous, steamed lobster and an informed little digestifs selection, as well as tasty, $10ish staples for coarser palates - fried chicken (with waffles! on the weekends), beer, and (a luscious) short-rib burger. *The ironic drawback of an all-purpose, all-delicious, full-bar neighborhood hive is actually fitting into your little black dress when you have to**. **I get carried away with analogies. Figuratively and literally. You love me.
<review# 715,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2010,11/7/2010,646,1303,8,25,20>Soto is a Michelin starred sushi house just off of west 4th street.  How I have never been here before or have heard about this place is beyond me!  It's a nice find.I made a reservation for one, but that was ultimately unnecessary since there was only one other person at the entire sushi bar on my visit.  I was seated in front of Sotohiro Kusugi himself -- nice.  A third generation sushi chef, I found him to be affable, in control, and always professional.     The restaurant itself was the essence of Japanese minimalism, comically taken to the point of not even having a sign outside of the restaurant.  You will likely need the street address to find the place as I have walked by it for years unaware.  For dinner, I opted for the 12 piece nigiri omakase at an attractively priced $58.  I was warned that it would take some time to prepare the sushi and was strongly encouraged to try some appetizers in the mean time.  I found this strange, but I quickly relented.  I additionally ordered the miso soup which, surprisingly, is not included in the sushi dinner.  To drink, I went with the Koshihikari Echigo beer.  The miso came in at a pricey $10 for a small bowl (all of the other menu selections were considerably more expensive and equally appetizer sized).   As far as miso goes though, this was considerably better than the usual offering.  It was jazzed up by mixing in a lobster broth with the white miso and including chunks of lobster as well as chives and ginger shoots for flavoring.  I appreciated the sophistication, but I was not overcome by the broth.  The flavors did not meld as well as I would have liked.  Also, the lobster was too sparse to justify the price point. Now for the sushi, the part that really matters.  The selection was impressive with some uncommon choices in the mix.  Definitely no salmon and hamachi here.  This omakase was designed for the enthusiast.  -  The first selection was completely unfamiliar to me.  It sounded like enamae.  It had a characteristic green marking in its flesh and hailed from Japan.  A nice beginning, the rice was quite good, soft,  and served at the right temperature (a sign of a good sushi house).  The fish was fresh and melted in my mouth.  -  Squid.  Very nice.  I was surprised by how tender it was.  Another good selection.-  Tasmanian ocean trout.  A less common selection, but one I was pleased with.  Great color.  The flavor and texture were wonderful.  -  Aji (horse mackerel).  Fine, if otherwise unremarkable.-  Stripejack.  This was brought out only moments after the placing of the horse mackerel.  At this point, I noticed the tempo of the meal picking up, though I understood why these two sushi might be paired together.  I did not have the presence of mind to ask if it was wild or farm raised.  It was quite tasty, making me wonder if it was the wild version which is known to be rare.  -  Ama ebi (live sweet shrimp).  Yes, raw shrimp, not that dreadful cooked shrimp that you will find at discount sushi houses.  This was so amazingly good.  The natural sweetness, the texture, it was all wonderful.  I even said as much to the itamae, to which he politely smiled and nodded.  -  Saba bakno? (more mackerel).  I wasn't sure what type of mackerel this was, but it was enjoyable.  -  Toro.  No proper omakase can exclude toro.  This example was deliciously fatty and fresh.-  Maine sea scallop with sea salt and yuzu zest.  A regional selection!  Akin to the raw shrimp, this too was naturally sweet and delicious.  Good scallops are like that -- never a miss.-  Japanese sea bream with pickled wasabi inside.  The wasabi was especially noticeable with its lovely piquancy.  This was especially good.  Another great selection.-  Uni.  Noticeably large and generous in portion size.  This was clearly a high grade uni.  It too had natural sweetness.  Good uni can be so decadent.-  Unagi (freshwater eel).  This was fine, but I was surprised that this was the final course.  Swapping the order with the uni would have been more memorable, for example.   A wonderful sushi experience.  I did not find it to be the best sushi in the city, but it does easily place in my top five.  The ease of getting a seat with the master sushi chef, and the rich diversity in the selection are distinctive points of note.  The place is definitely on par with Ushiwakamaru if not a touch better.  Recommend.
<review# 716,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2010,11/6/2010,266,463,21,23,26>i waddled out of traif. oy vey i did waddle, because i ate so much tasty, and rich food.here's what i really like about traif:the grape arborthe puckish serverthe owner-chef who is having a fantastic time creating the tastiest of dishes! when each little dish is created with such earnest enthusiasm, and so much emotion, this of course translates into good food. my favorites are still the sweetbreads.the sliders were excellent. if i were to quibble, i think a firmer bun would be in order. perhaps an arepa?my favorite desserts were the budin and the bacon doughnuts with coffee ice cream.my drinks were also fabulous.  the lapsang souchong infused booze smokiness, combined with the cointreau was perfect and i loved the added touch of the myer's lemon slice. the vietnamese coffee was refreshing.best of all, mr. sin suerte enjoyed his father's day meal immensely!
<review# 717,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2010,11/5/2010,472,510,16,20,19>You know when people say you'll know when you're in love because you will.... "just know"?  David Burke's Townhouse has brought me closer to this sensation.  From your colorful displays of modern art, and the predominant use of my favorite color, red, to the cheerful, glass balloons lining the entrance to the main dining room, your style suits me well.  The smile-inducing, fun décor, to your scrumptious food (a la crab and pretzel appetizer, to your cheesecake lollipops), have set my heart into motion.  What a joyful playpen of a restaurant you are.  I have fallen in love.Maybe this is a place to see and be seen, but I was too giddy over the experience to notice the Fonz sitting two tables across from us, or Donald Trump's right-hand man, George, but a table away from where we sat.  I actually didn't even know who he was until Jimmy gave me a lesson in the Apprentice roster.  How lucky we were that Restaurant Week was upon us this past summer.  This dinner was one of the best I have ever had anywhere.  The service is above average.  Better than that, even.  In a room full of diners, the waiters were attentive as if ours was the only table they were waiting on.  They anticipated all our needs and were never once intrusive.  Thanks to my butterfingers, I spilled a glass of water on the table, but before I could turn beet-red with embarrassment, one of the waiters materialized out of nowhere and cleaned up my spillage in a matter of seconds.  They also wiped the crumbs off our table with that fancy device only sold at high-quality retail stores like Williams-Sonoma.  If you've been to any shi-shi restaurant you know what I'm referring to; that little metallic scraper that never ceases to amuse people.  Everything here is beautiful to look at, absolutely delicious, and fun to explore.  American Cuisine can certainly be interesting and unique enough for the food enthusiasts out there, so don't shy away or flash a pretentious turn of the cheek on what it may be.  David Burke is a genius man with happy intentions, which could very well be inverted as a happy man with genius intentions.  Any way you look at it, Townhouse is spectacular and American Cuisine can proudly hold its own with a restaurant like this.  5 (very enthusiastic) stars for Townhouse.  (Sidebar:  Fishtail - another David Burke brainchild - my sights are set on you next.)
<review# 718,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2010,11/4/2010,274,615,9,15,15>We just returned from Australia a few days ago and we really wanted some good food and a nice dining experience upon our return to NYC.  Now, from the last two reviews I did,  you can see, my last two dining experiences in NYC before my departure were sub-par, at best.   We deserved a welcome back meal with style and we weren't sure we were going to get it at Saul but to my pleasant surprise, we got it!We had a 7:30pm Saturday night reservation and when we arrived a little early, we were seated right away.  The space was really simple, candlelight, white table clothed tables, brick walls and a small bar towards the back.  It was small, but they made great use of the space and it didn't feel cramped, but cozy.  We had a nice private table towards the corner of the restaurant.  They did offer a $40 prix fixe as well as their tasting menu but we opted to go a la carte.  I decided to start off with the Ceviche of Local Albacore Tuna which was a marinade of citrus extra virgin olive oil and micro dice of peppers.   Soon after we placed our orders we were brought some bread and homemade butter followed by a delicious amuse-bouche which was a chilled potato soup flavored with a tangy yet spicy red pepper seasoning and topped with sour cream and chives. DELICIOUS!!  We were off to a great start!Our appetizers arrived in no time and what flavor this ceviche had!  It wasn't spicy, but the citrus flavors just infused the tuna and there was so much flavor and textures.  I was having a ball eating this!  Very well done! I could not wait for what the chef had in store for me in my main course.  For that, I opted for the hangar steak which came with a potato puree and oxtail stuffed with red  peppers.  Very shortly after we finished our appetizers, they brought out our entrees.  The steak was cooked medium rare to perfection and sliced over the potato puree.  I put one slice in my mouth and it melted ever so nicely on my tongue.  I usually expect this cut of steak to be a bit on the chewy side but it was not that way at all.  This was very nicely done and I enjoyed every bite!  Next thing I knew, I had cleared my plate.  I am not a fan of oxtail, but I did taste some of it and it was very flavorful and the red pepper slices stuffed in between the meat and bone of it was a nice touch.  We did not get dessert, however we did get some French-pressed coffee which was fantastic and made for a perfect finish to a wonderful meal.  The service, food and ambiance made this a perfect choice for a nice, romantic evening in Brooklyn and also for our first nice meal upon coming back from vacation.  I was really not expecting much since the menu items didn't seem to blow me away, but the creativity and flavor of the dishes really did.  I would definitely recommend giving Saul a try.
<review# 719,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2010,11/3/2010,476,542,53,52,48>You know the little brass sculptures that adorn the 14th St. subway station? They're the work of Tom Otterness, whose studio is located in the Gowanus, in BKLYN. Every year for Open House New York Weekend I try to go to Tom Otterness studio, and every year the tours sell out instantly.So, instead of Tom Otterness, this year  for Open House New York Weekend 2010 I got to visit a poop plant.Newtown Creek is the largest of NYC's 14 wastewater treatment plants, with a capacity of a whopping 310 million gallons of poop water a day[1]. What attracted me to this sewage treatment plant is the look of it: if Frank Gehry were to design a sewage treatment plant, he would have created the Newtown Creek plant.Affectionately known as the Shit Tits by the locals, the plant has 8 gigantic  steel "digester eggs". Each massive egg is clad with low reflectivity stainless steel, is 145 feet high and 80 feet in diameter, and holds 3 million gallons of sludge. Overall, they look like a gigantic space ship out of the movie Dune.During our visit[2], we had the opportunity to climb on top of the eggs, which are connected by a bridge. From the top of the egg there is a magnificent, unobstructed view of Brooklyn and the skyline of Manhattan.The plant is illuminated by a diaphanous blue light by night[3], creating a rather odd, if beautiful, effect that can be seen pretty well from the BQE. A sight that is sure to take your breath away... for many reasons.Which other sewage treatment plant has a sleek design, a visitor center, and a nature walk? This is most likely the coolest poop plant on Earth.--------------------------------------------------­----------[1] During the wastewater treatment process, organic material called sludge is removed from sewage. Much of the sludge is converted into water, carbon dioxide and methane gas. The remaining digested sludge is then dewatered to form a cake, which can be used as a fertilizer. The word 'cake" will never have the same meaning for me...[2] The visitor center is open Friday and Saturday, 12 noon to 4 pm. Groups by appointment only. To book call 718-595 3509 or email educationoffice@dep.nyc.….[3] The lighting was designed by artist Hervé Descottes of L'Observatoire International, an American/French company. Hervé Descottes is known for lighting projects ranging from the diverse architecture of Steven Holl and Frank Gehry, to local projects such as Lincoln Center, the Highline, and Columbus Circle.
<review# 720,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2010,11/2/2010,270,301,9,15,12>I want to live here; that is all.OK, that's not all.  But seriously?  It is so nice here. Yesterday my mom, sis, and I squeezed in between an Italian family and a young couple on one of the Ace lobby's monstrous suede sectionals--for sure, a LOT of burgundy cows died for these sofas--and we just stayed and stayed.  The large, high-ceilinged space is filled with antique furniture and lamps, and is lined with wood-paneled walls that feel as if they were plucked out of an Ivy League classroom.  Having spent much time in Ivy League classrooms, I feel more than qualified to comment on such details.We started with a round from Stumptown, but when the last of our espressos had been sucked down, we were so not ready to leave.  We thought about it thusly: outside- minus 5 wind chill, no booze (vs) inside- cozy suede sofa, yes booze.  The answer was obvious, and we sent for the cocktail menu.  The ONLY complaint I have about this whole operation is that the cocktail list is not superb.  It offers only 5 or 6 drinks, none of which features whiskey--in my mind, a glaring omission. There should be a whiskey cocktail on every drinks menu in the city, particularly during the winter months. This doesn't mean, of course, that you can't get a whiskey drink here (I had a nicely made Manhattan), but still, I like to try a bar's original creations, and at Breslin Bar, that is not compatible with wanting to drink whiskey.The drinks that we did have, though, were very tasty (The Starling: St Germain + Lillet Blanc was light, subtly sweet, great for mom!), and I appreciated our server double-checking when I unknowingly asked for the priciest rye in my Manhattan.  Or should I be insulted that I don't strike one as a high-roller?  No matter.  We snacked on their $5 caramel popcorn too, and when the fun-size bag arrived we at first scoffed, but when we ate we nodded in agreement...this is $5 popcorn.
<review# 721,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2012,6/13/2012,566,339,7,12,9>Make sure to come here for the happy hour, which is everyday from 11:30am - 6pm and weekdays from 9:30pm to closing. They have much cheaper dishes - up to 50% off - and it makes it much more worth it to come here.The bistro harami hanger steak (regularly $8, $5 at happy hour) and gyu-tan (beef tongue for those of you who are more adventurous, regularly $9, $6 at happy hour) are my favorite. I also really liked the spicy pork (regularly $6, $4 at happy hour) and the chuck kalbi chuck rib (regularly $7, $4.50 at happy hour). Do not get the mushrooms ($6) - it is basically a stack of mushrooms in butter that you can make and eat at home for $1. My friend really likes the garlic chicken noodles but I think they are just okay and would rather eat more meat!There is also a bar with TVs so it's a good place to watch the game and get drinks right before dinner!
<review# 722,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2012,6/12/2012,185,295,10,16,13>Wow. Amazing experience..even more amazing I was able to finish. The timing of the dishes was great..I figure by the time you are on your third hour of eating you've already finished digesting your first hour of food =PSmall dining space, with 12 seats wrapped around the cooking area. The high stools are not the most comfortable, but they give you a better view, and we were too wrapped up in enjoying the food and watching the chefs anyways.Loud music on the dining side, so you have to lean forward a bit to hear the chefs when they explain the dishes. It's nice that they are willing to answer questions and encourage your curiosity.I don't remember everything, and the dishes change seasonally and at their whim (says one chef), so I'll just provide a brief run-through.Chicken gelée with fried chicken skin crisp (flavorful)Honeydew with uni (really good, crisp and refreshing)Fried halibut ballKushi oyster with brown vinegarPotato tube with caviar (great filling)Set of 3 crudos - mackerel with beet, diver scallops with avocado, flukeAged beef carpaccio with rice crisps (great texture and flavors, especially the horseradish)Poached egg foam (not a huge fan, texture was weird for me)Octopus with lily (one of my favs)Ricotta balls with grilled ramps in broth (the ramps smelled amazing)Softshell crab hand roll with mustard greens, grilled rice ball, clam soup (absolute fav, love softshell crab, and the grilled rice ball had great texture and smoky taste)Lobster tail and turnip cake (cooked very well)Shaved foie gras over lychee, nut brittle, and Riesling jelly (amazing dish, great mix of tastes and textures)Chicken breast with leg sausage stuffed under the skin (well, I've yet to find a chicken I really enjoy..)3 dessertsGoat cheese ice cream (not a fan of goat cheese)Pea ice cream with peas and pound cake (great flavor)Miso ice cream in a toasted rice waffle cone (I loooove the cone)Had a takeaway snack of kimchi rice wrapped in seaweed. Definitely plan to return.P.S. keep track of the address..I walked past this in broad daylight.
<review# 723,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2011,6/11/2012,94,61,6,10,9>oh yumminess.  there is a reason why this is so highly rated.  the layout of the restaurant gives off a high-end chillaxing aura, if that makes any sense.  the decor is very relaxing and its somewhere i would want to linger for a while, if it weren't for the people i knew are waiting for their chance to sit down.  some of the tables over look the street and there was a wonderful breeze that came in and kept the sheer curtains softly swaying in the background that were nicely illuminated by the skylights.  the staff is super friendly and do their best to accommodate you even with the numerous amounts of visitors.  the host/hostess were super nice and i was personally escorted to the bathroom by the very sweet looking host.  someone else did mention that there were lots of good looking people which was definitely true, but its not somewhere i would feel awkward in.  the brunch menu is delicious., although my venison burger was a bit dry, that would be my only minus.  its much more of a slider than a burger and couldn't have been more than 5 or 6 bites.  my friends got the salmon, the waffles, and the turkish eggs, all of which were delicious and mostly completely devoured.  i cannot wait to come back and check out the dinner.  i cannot wait to try the kangaroo.
<review# 724,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2012,6/10/2012,1319,184,6,10,9>It's interesting to see such a wide range of reviews for Luna Piena, but I can assure you that the one time I've visited (so far!), everything was excellent.I actually learned about Luna Piena from the concierge at a hotel where my parents were staying across town. We were looking for a good place in Midtown East and this one was at the top of his list. It's easy to see why.The atmosphere was elegant and intimate. We sat in the back room close to the waterfall. There was quiet music on, but we could easily converse at a normal speaking volume. I tried one of the specialty cocktails, which was made with Grey Goose pear-infused vodka. Yum!The Frito Misto appetizer is awesome if you like fried stuff -- calamari, shrimp, zucchini, and mushrooms all mixed together. The lasagna del Mamma tasted truly homemade, though I can assure you that my mom's was never this good. (To be fair, we're Jewish, not Italian, so it's not really our specialty.) Luna Piena boasts a number of dessert options, from traditional (tiramisu, creme brule) to exotic (poached pear) with sorbets and gelatos in between. You can't miss.Lots of the complaints I see are about the price, and it's definitely not cheap. But our bill came out to $200, which isn't bad considering we had several appetizers, multiple drinks, and dessert. For $50 per person, you won't find a better Italian meal anywhere else. Grazie, Luna Piena.
<review# 725,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/29/2012,6/9/2012,487,104,9,18,11>We walked down the stairs, rang the door bell, and were greeted by the french door man (who had a pretty awesome mustache).Agreeing with most of the reviews, this place is really sexy.  The drinks are sexy, the couches are sexy, the bar is sexy...you get the point.  It's a great date/couples place, couples all around "sucking face" (as stated by Peter D. in a later review).  But, whatev's!  My friends and I enjoyed our drinks, we enjoyed them so much we probably managed to erk the waitress as we kept turning the "i need another drink" key.  Not sure what this place is like on the weekends, but I do know that Monday, Tuesday and Wednesdays are the only days you can make a reservation, via email.
<review# 726,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2012,6/8/2012,215,192,33,20,16>Yeah, yeah. Call me a cliche, a stereotype. I get my brows threaded. But these caterpillars need taming once in a while. And it's worth it for $8 and a 5 minute visit.That's why I go to ~Perfect Brows~. The first time I came here, I purposefully chose this location because it's 3 blocks from my apartment. Proximity is great, and, having sensitive skin that turns red rather easily, it's nice to be able to run home and not scare too many children on the sidewalk. (I already do that with my regular face, after all.)But I choose to keep going back here because it's clean, I've never had to wait (though I have seen it become especially busy right after work during rush hour), and the ladies are pros who won't roll their eyes at you when you sit down and immediately grab a tissue. Because, let's face it, threading can hurt like a botch. It makes my eyes water and I have to take a break between brows to cry it out. (Women obviously have a greater pain threshold than men. First childbirth and now eyebrow threading. I bow down to thee.)After 6 visits, your 7th is free. And there's a dish with Starbursts for the taking. I mean, heller. Free candy!And now you know my beauty secret. Maybe he's born with it. Maybe it's Perfect Brows. Ta-daaa. Ugh, who am I?
<review# 727,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2012,6/7/2012,236,311,15,27,29>Everything happens for a reason. That's what I keep hearing since my accident over 2 months ago. What do you think? I came to realize that it is certainly true. For many reasons. Similarly, this Kori story is somehow connected to this rational since we unexpectedly ended up having dinner at Kori after finding out that Zutto Japanese American pub does not have handicap access. By the way, talking about connections, Kori's people says that Kori means connection in Korean to explain the concept under which the restaurant is built. They want to expose all us New Yorkers, to Korean cuisine. My Korean friends are not completely agree, but instead said that Kori means chain .. Chains connect two things together so lets just leave it like that . And let me tell you, that concept is quite well executed here. If you are having first contact with Korean cuisine, Kori made the job quite right. But be warn, the flavor is there, yet something is missing. Which it can be good if you are not use to it. I visualize Kori in between the two worlds.  East meet West and vice versa. Korean enough, but made to satisfy unexposed palates. Said this, and getting use to it, I have to say I really liked the food. It was well done and tasty. In fact, there wasn't not even a little thing that I could complain about. Not bad for a backup plan, right? Since we didn't have a table and it was on Saturday night, the waiting time wasn't short when we showed up. I was surprise by this being located in a quiet area in TriBeCa.  At any case, they were extremely courteous and keep checking on us many times and apologizing for the time. Later, they serve us scallion pancake on the house to compensate how long we had to wait. Judge it yourself.  The space is really cool. Modern, calm and peaceful. Candle lights fill up the ambiance, definitely on the dark side along with the furniture and general color notes. That gave you the intimacy for an special dinner. While waiting for a table we were seating on the bar drinking a bottle of Kaori sake, as per the bartender recommendation. Since he said the sparkling nigori that we selected first was on the very sweet side. Kaori however was crispy and fruity. Not too sweet, not too bitter.  Perfect. The selection of sakes in not that large but he knew what they serve and I like bartenders like that. Soju is also on the menu, of course, and many cocktails as well as wines and beer. In case you are wondering, we saw a couple eating on the bar instead of waiting for a table. We were three+2 crutches, that formula wouldn't have work, but who knows next time. Contrary to the fine ambiance, the menu features mainly simple dishes that I would call street food. We order Topoki (Dubokki), rice cakes on chili sauce. While the texture was perfect, the chili sauce wasn't quite right as I have get many times in other places. It was spicy, not too much,  but I mostly missed the sweetness and garlic. Still, it is an enjoyable dish and definitely a must order to contact Korean cuisine for rookies. We got next the seafood jun, (scallion pancake with squid and shrimp). The pancake was crispier on the edges and I liked that, but still tender and fluffy and full of seafood, which was the predominant note. Don't expect banchan on the beginning of your meal but instead along with the main dishes, 2 kind of pickles and Kimchee. Excellent kimchee. I particularly enjoyed the ramyeon, o Korean ramen, instant noodles on a spicy broth with kimchee and rice cakes slices that we choose with tofu and vegetable dumplings. Comforting, and with the characteristic spiciness from the kimchee. But what I enjoyed the most was of course, their bimbimbop. We choose Seafood dolsot with brown rice. This reminds me that all in their menu seems to feature organic products and that they gave you the option to choose in between brown or white rice. Unusual yet appreciative for many I bet. Even they asked if someone of us was vegetarian to accommodate our food to it. I really liked the bimbimbop. Served on a hot stone bowl (dolsot), the crispy rice on the bottom is still on my mind and the flavor was intense, rich on seafood but I was impress the most by the texture of the squid. So tender and perfect. Order this. As others says, is their stellar dish. You want the connexion with the West? think of less creamy than risotto, more juicy than Spanish seafood rice. Well, everything happens for a reason. Because of what happen at Zutto, we went to Kori, first time I went out after many weeks of taking good and mandatory care of myself. And got inspired enough, in a good way, to be back and told you about it. I find it to be a very good reason for something to happen.
<review# 728,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2011,6/6/2012,30,160,18,14,10>Apparently the macarons here are flown direct from Paris every night.  but just in case we didn't realize that this is a french establishment, all of the workers here have this amazing french accent to get us in the frenchy mood.  in fact, when i was literally on the threshold of the entrance of the store, one of the workers approached me and, in her silky accent, told me to close the door so that we wouldn't have a "draft."  Imagine that, using the word "draft" without actually referring to beer.  perhaps 45 min later, that same worker asked me what macaron i would like to try...but in an American accent.  Her french accent is fake!!but fortunately for her, the macarons are exquisite (and exquisitely priced.)  so why the 4 stars?  surely i wouldn't hold such a dumb grudge against a worker who faked a French accent?  No, i don't really care how she sounded.  but i do care about the outrageously long line.  this is one of those places where critical mass has hit and everyone must try out this place because everyone else is doing it.  the macarons are delicious, yes, but they are no more delicious than many other macaron places in nyc.  i have given every other macaron place in nyc 5 stars because i love macarons.  but i cannot and will not say that this macaron place is better than any other macaron place i've been to.  so brave the line if you must.  just don't fool yourself into thinking that this is the ultimate macaron.  Or that this is a real french accent.  but if you must brave the line, try the ORANGE BLOSSOM and ROSE PETAL.  i have not yet seen another place with these flavors.
<review# 729,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2012,6/5/2012,2947,2195,32,51,36>Japadog is a fortunate case of joining two loves: Japanese cuisine and hot dogs.To those doubting Thomases, Japanese-style dogs aren't a stretch: replace the meats, toss on ingredients like spicy, teriyaki or soya sauces, yakisoba noodles (!), cabbage, shrimp sausage, edamane, and there you go.Hungry yet? Confused? Both? Just get their #7, a tender treat with deep fried pork cutlets[1]. The bratwurst's hefty, and the kitchen doesn't skimp on the meat. If you're a glutton for diversity - as if eating here wasn't enough - pile on the fixings. Gherkins, peppers, sriracha, hot mustard, horseradish, and sauerkraut are just a sample of what's there.Japadog is a welcome addition to St. Marks. They're anti-plastic but a nearby ATM, friendly service, snappy decor, and ample seating softens that sting.[1] We substituted chicken for pork, and it was still delicious.
<review# 730,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2011,6/4/2012,291,395,7,12,10>If (like me) you have feelings of hero-worship for the Most Interesting Man in the World, you may find yourself drawn to Beecher's Cellar.  It's a sexy, subterranean lounge with intimate seating, animal skins, sexy low lighting and an endless supply of cheese.  Exactly the kind of place the Most Interesting Man in the World would take the Most Interesting Woman in the World to sample the "World's Best" Mac and Cheese.Non-gamers, kindly check yourselves at the door and be content with the frozen mac and cheese sold upstairs at Beecher's cheese shop.  We managed to wrangle a deal on UrbanDaddy Perks for a mac and cheese flight, which totally kicks the asses of wine and beer flights, AND FOUR GLASSES OF WINE PER PERSON, which, you math whizzes have deduced, is pretty much an entire bottle.  The cost of the deal $35/person:1. "World's Best" Mac & Cheese - really phenomenal cheese.  It's not the world's best for me, but only because I prefer southern style baked mac and cheese, the kind with elbow macaroni, butter, eggs and a top note of cheddar and undertones of many other cheeses.  Beechers is made with penne and Beecher's Flagship and bursts with high quality, potent cheese flavor2. Balsamic Mushroom & Fennel - delicious, had an unexpectedly smoky bacony taste, which I found enthralling3. Curried Califlower & Sweet Onion - probably my favorite of the flight because it was so different from any other mac I've tried.  I'm not usually a califlower fan, but this was really good with a nice crunch to it.  Everything tastes better with cheese and sweet onions!4. Beecher's 3 Cheese Plate - we made a fortunate (primarily wine-induced) choice to order this cheese plate and it was delicious!  Also very fun to try the flagship by itself after eating the melted mac and cheese version.  Still delicious!PARTING THOUGHT: If you missed the UD Perk deal, fret not.  Every day from 5p-7p, Beecher's has a pretty sweet happy hour.  $5 glasses of house pinot grigio & cab, $6 cocktail of the day, $7 food (including "world's best" mac and cheese and a 2 Cheese Plate, which includes the flagship!).  Holler Dollar Baller!!!
<review# 731,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2006,10/16/2006,68,62,6,4,5>I've always loved drugstores. I used to like stationery stores even more, but now that I work in an office I don't generally purchase pens or notebooks or colored pencils (though I noticed last night that the girl I tutor was sporting a new Bic "Velocity" mechanical pencil--Office Max doesn't deliver those). So anyway, drugstores are now my browsing grounds. Point is, I was on the phone with my grandmother the other day, and it was a lot of answering questions that are really easy for me--how was your trip, how's your job, isn't your brother's girlfriend nice, and smart!--so I took a walk down to the Duane Reade on the corner and looked around in the shampoo aisle, the vitamin aisle, and even the hair thing aisle. It was very soothing. It's much more pleasant to talk on the phone, which I generally hate b/c I get restless, while looking at things. If only they allowed cell phone usage in museums, the Whitney Biennial this year might not have been such a disappointment.
<review# 732,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2006,10/15/2006,658,727,6,6,8>Go up for the view or to reenact that scene in An Affair to Remember or Sleepless in Seattle.   I personally don't like to succumb to the marketing team of the ESB when they push their "express pass" for hella more money--basically, you pay extra to cut in front of the long line... it's like USPS priority mail... Anywhoo...Be patient and just kick it and schmooze in line with amusing fellow tourists.   Or if you're feeling imaginative, do it like me and pretend you're King Kong, swatting the helicopters, while I try to hold that weetow blonde lady in between my fingers.  If you're into design, take a picture of the walls, floors, light sconces, and art reliefs--all in Art Deco.  There is an "amusement ride" in there somewhere-- reminiscent of those shaking theatre seats in front of a screen at Six Flags--which I unfortunately had to go to with my little cousins.  At most, if you're too cool for school, just do it.... the seats vibrate ;).The first time I was at the observatory deck, it started hailing.  Painful, but the view was just.... WOW.
<review# 733,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/4/2006,10/14/2006,31,35,17,4,3>I have said that I use Target for birth control. Anytime my biological clock starts to tick a little loud, I shop here. Seeing tons of ill behaved little hooligans ransack a store while their parents do nothing, immediately quells any maternal desires. I have seen kids LICKING items in the kitchen section. I am just fine having only plants to feed. Bring your own shopping cart. They are impossible to get and I always buy more than planned and need to somehow lug my stuff home.  Checkout lines are insane, even with express you won't get out fast . That said, Target does have pretty much everything and at cheap prices. Just make sure you wash your purchases (all of them) before you use them.
<review# 734,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2006,10/13/2006,0,0,8,6,5>1. Product hangs like  snowflakes from a third-grade ceiling. Or like a forest of pinetree air fresheners. Only it's seasoned meat.2. It's a deli. Don't go for any NON-deli product and then complain about it.3. Gotta love a place with a phone number of 1800-4 HOT DOG.4. Send a salami to your boy in the army!5. I wouldn't orgasm over this place, but GeeWhiz it's nifty!
<review# 735,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2006,10/12/2006,47,63,8,5,7>The name of this bar is a tribute to its former incarnation--a laundromat.  While it bears very little resemblance to a laundromat anymore, the spirit of such still haunts the place: I had several beers there last night, and this morning I woke up to the faint smell of bleach, with a fabric softener sheet in my underpants.  It was weird.The bar is spacious and welcoming, with some booths along the wall and plenty of room at the bar.  It's a great venue for a small party.  Happy hour was great ($3 drafts), but prices doubled at the stroke of 8.  Friendly staff.
<review# 736,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2006,10/11/2006,121,114,56,30,14>I am a New Yorker. I was born in Spanish Harlem in 1977 at the Flower on 5th Hospital. I grew up on the Upper West Side and spent my formative years in public high-schools throughout Manhattan and Brooklyn. I went off to college at SUNY Purchase in Westchester and graduated with BFA in 2001.I did all this on a learner's permit (well not the being born part).But once you get out of college, a learner's permit just doesn't cut it. You go out to a bar and you hand over something that says learner's permit and immediately you toughness quotient plummets. So at 28, I decided to get that license and finally grow up.I signed up for an 8 pack at The Professional Driving School. The actual school looks really seedy. It looks like they just moved in. There is stuff stuck into corners, and the bathroom looks like a the washroom in a Russian submarine. Luckily, you wont be spending much time there.The classes start off with your 5 hour class on driving safety, which this school smartly schedules after working hours. It was painless and you get to watch videos with Scott Baio explaining the importance of not drinking and driving. The classes in the car were fantastic. Learning to drive in New York City is probably one of the best decisions I have ever made, because once you feel comfortable driving in Manhattan, noting will scare you... well except highway traffic in Los Angeles, but that's another story. You learn all the basics and my teacher was professional and very informative. He picked me up during my lunch hour and we went through K-turns, city driving, and lots of parallel parking.When it was time for my test, I met up with my instructor and drove over to Staten Island to take my test. Although I missed a stop sign (oops!), my quick driving reflexes impressed the tester so much that she passed me without any comments.Now when I walk into a bar the bouncers all nod to my immeasurable drivatude, women flock to my arms, and drinks are always on the house. I guess the next step is owning a car to drive, but let's not rush it.
<review# 737,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/12/2006,10/10/2006,103,2108,33,7,9>If her name was Gladys Glimschlitz, this clothing would be selling for a quarter of the price.
<review# 738,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2006,10/9/2006,786,1284,4,11,9>first off, i've never been able to find a Thai place in Staten Island, or ever been to one in Brooklyn (that isn't over-priced/trendy/upscale) that i liked which also delivers, etc. so one day i passed by a "Grand Opening" sign on Hylan Blvd. i love Thai food to the fullest. however, i'm VERY picky when it comes to the taste. the pad thai has to be just right and spicy, the mee krob has to be just sweet but not overbearing, the tom kha gai must not be too thick and sour, the curry puffs couldn't be too spicy or plain, etc. after many attempts of trying out Thai food in Brooklyn (mostly around Bay Ridge/Bensonhurst), everything has disappointed me to an extent. then, when Talay opened... i knew it had to be it. i've been craving for some Tom Yum for months. I was greeted by the most beautiful girl i've ever seen. she was intimidating- as much as the decor and ambience of the place was too. i felt a little underdressed and scrubby- but she made me feel warm and welcome right away. the interior design is absolutely chic and beautiful. little intricate details all over the place. with a mini waterfall by the checkout, romantic candle lights, white table cloths, and bold colors/lines/patterns all over the walls, doors, etc. the interior decorator knew was he/she was doing. the Tom Yum (lemongrass soup w/ shrimp or chicken, delicious veggies, mildly spicy) immediately warmed me up. oh, how i craved for it!!! as i'm studying the menu, i notice the music playing in the background.... very nice. from light r&b, jazz, dance, neo soul, acid jazz, and a lil bit of break beats... the music was tasteful.  the Curry Puffs (Chicken & Potato in yellow curry sauce in a Puff Pastry) were delectable. it felt so perfect in my mouth. Try their Khao Pad (Thai fried rice) w/ Chicken is delicious! My favorite item is the Massaman Curry (Potato, Peanut- in Sweet Tamarind & Coconut Milk curry sauce) and the Pad Thai (Rice Noodles w/ beansprouts, beancurd, scallions, crushed pepper, and chopped peanuts in tamarind sauce) with Chicken, Beef, Shrimp, or Tofu. i always get Tofu or Chicken- and slightly spicy. it's better spicy! lol. all of the meals are served on beautiful rectangular platters, etc. oh yes, the Thai Tea is satisfying!!! Why do i like this place so much? well, the service is out of this world. the hostess is such a doll (her family owns/runs the place), she's very fluent in English (so no language barriers, people! it's difficult for an Asian like myself to order from thai, japanese, or chinese places too!), very precise, and will give you honest opinions on the food and suggest wonderful dishes for you. (she suggested the Massaman Curry) the vibe is great. it looks like a trendy/chic bistro but don't let that scare you off. it's quite comfortable and enjoyable.i think i fell inlove.
<review# 739,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2006,10/8/2006,57,91,1,9,8>What an amazing little store on a teeny, tiny little alleyway (not truly a street) in Chinatown.  If you love to cook and particularly Thai food, this is an incredible find.  From the most common ingredients you would need to the most obscure Bangkok Center Grocery has it all. thai-grocery.comIf you need equipment, a true sticky rice bamboo steamer and pot, say, you will find it here.  Kaffir lime leaves? Lemongrass? Noodles? Thai spices you can't pronouce at all whether it's in English or not? They're here!  Cheesy decorations and spectacular service with a sweet smile? All here.  Make the trip, it'll be like going on a scavenger hunt, playing in an urban maze and feeling like a tourist during the process but you'll emerge with treasures in the end.
<review# 740,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2006,10/7/2006,0,0,7,5,6>I don't know if John's Pie still deserves the hype after all these years but this California boy say YES.  I've tried a few of those 24 hour local pizza joints and THEY SHOULDN'T BE MENTIONED IN THE SAME SENTENCE WITH JOHN'S.   And wait?  What wait?  The trick is to waltz in here after 9:30 and you can sit down, order a pizza, and be out of there in 25 min.  This gives you just enough time to walk back to Blue Note for some cool jazz in the second showing.  The pizza here is best consumed quickly because the ceiling fan is strong which makes the super thin crust cool down fast, too fast.  Sigh.  I don't think I can take another bite of commercial pizza in Cali when I return :(
<review# 741,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2005,2/27/2006,376,410,,3,3>Caffe Med is a great place to grab lunch in the upper east side. It's between 66th and 67th sts. I had a caprese salad that was fresh and delicious and an italian tuna sandwich that was incredible.  This is real authentic Italian cafe style food. Also, the waitress was really pouty and cute and I think my buddy is probably dating her by now.  He left her a romantic little note on our bill along with an exorbitant tip.
<review# 742,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/2/2006,2/26/2006,100,512,3,2,2>Had a tasty tequila flight here but it was the only thing about the place that warmed my cockles.
<review# 743,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2005,2/25/2006,1632,440,3,2,>Place was huge, and had tons of people. If you like to go ppl watch at the mall, this was an extremely overwhelming place to go.
<review# 744,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2006,2/24/2006,65,167,2,2,1>Funky Broome is indeed Funky and it is also on Broome Street.  It's kind of like the Chinese hipster restaurant, with young, hip waitstaff and modern designer color lighting.  The cuisine is fairly straightforward American Chinese food.  I like the salt & pepper squid and greens.  They do the free oranges at the end thing.
<review# 745,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2006,2/23/2006,48,52,2,6,1>I try and make it here whenever I visit Manahattan. Its definately old school, so do not expect modern spa ambiance.This is the only place to get something called a "platzah" -- thats phonetic cuz I do not know how to spell the word. Any way you lay in the really hot russian steam room, which is mostly stone, and get buckets of water poured on you and then you are massage with oak leaves tied together and dipped in some sort of herbal astringent. It feels amazing and there is no way to really describe, you just have to live it.I also got an excellent salt scrub that polished my skin and gave me a nice massage. Its been awhile since I have been here, and I sure miss it at this moment.
<review# 746,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2006,2/22/2006,288,330,1,6,5>So hip, so excellent, so well tailored! Everything about this label is amazingly well done and held to a consistent aesthetic - even the guy working in the store looks exactly as someone in such a place should - slightly traditional and unbearably cool!A dear good friend of mine bought two coats here, the likes of which I have not seen anywhere else. A beautiful meeting of traditional English wool and tweed with urban cool lines. As close to couture as you can get in a boutique.All the detailing is breath-taking!Update: Designed by Alexandre Plokhov - a russian emigre. Makes me so proud!
<review# 747,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2006,2/21/2006,12,48,,1,4>A cross between an English pub and a German bierhaus, this spot is a cozy hideout from the "scene" of so many other Manhattan bars, yet still retains a definite element of cool.All 19 beers on tap go for $6, no matter if it's Guiness or Stella, served in a fresh, cold 20 oz. glass. You can tell yourself that you're only going to stop in for one drink, but as I have come to discover, it is basically impossible; each time I go in after work around seven, I find myself stumbling into a cab at eleven wondering where the time went. Simple candlelit tables, comfy booths and chatty bartenders make Drop Off Service unpretentious and friendly. Order a pint, grab a bowl of the complimentary (and never empty) Chex mix, and settle in for the night.
<review# 748,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2005,2/20/2006,99,304,6,4,4>The seared tuna is indeed fabulous. I dragged a self-professed seafood hater here for lunch ("nothing from the sea" is, inexplicably, her motto), and caught her eyeing my plate curiously. I wouldn't share, though, as the last time I checked, tuna comes from the sea.We're going back next week.
<review# 749,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/14/2006,2/19/2006,11,54,5,1,1>Is it just me, or does Bobby Flay lose more Iron Chef battles than anyone else? My concept of "tapas," right or wrong, has always been a bunch of fun apps that a group shares. The tapas here are presented on micro-plates, in many cases, making them impossible to share. I'm never a big fan of waiter advice, but our group grossly under-ordered, and the dude should have opened his trapper. If you like over-paying for corn, black beans, and cilantro - this is your hot spot. Maybe it was the false hope that I was venturing into Kitchen Stadium, but this dining experience was underwhelming - and another losing battle for the over-exposed Flay.
<review# 750,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2006,2/18/2006,387,259,1,4,2>I swear, I'm going to throw MY next party there...it was awesome. Yelptinis are even better than cosmos! And Fontana's is so cool..the bathrooms aren't even icky!
<review# 751,isUSA=TRUE,2.0,12/20/2005,1/18/2006,37,89,,3,2>High concept store, the term "HIGH end" never made more sense.  Neither did that saying: "You can never be too rich or too thin." You will probably max out your credit card.  - Also abrupt and consistantly rude sales staff.  Have a thick skin.
<review# 752,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2006,1/17/2006,8,13,4,6,3>here's a story. i brought home a sugar sweet sunshine pumpkin pie for thanksgiving. my mom had also bought a pumpkin pie at her favorite bakery of ten years (not in nyc). so we conducted a taste test. she took a bite of her pie-- loved it-- then she took a bite of my pie-- and no joke, she gasped. her jaw dropped open. she said, "mina, if you don't bring this pie home every time you come, i won't let you in the house." i have similar stories for their brownies, their bread pudding, their raspberry bars, their apple pie... and of course-- CUPCAKES. i gotta say-- F*** magnolia-- i'm so sick of people talking about how magnolia is this, magnolia is that... what magnolia is is hyped up beyond belief... take 1 nibble out of a sugar sweet sunshine cupcake-- from ANY of their numerous flavors, pistachio, red velvet, chocolate, yellow-- and the magic of the world's best cupcakes will be unleashed in your mouth. it's cheaper, tastier, healthier, and will give you more pleasure than crack, though it's probably more addictive. i am a sugar sweet sunshine evangelist, can you tell?
<review# 753,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2006,1/16/2006,72,570,1,2,1>The Cuban sandwich is one of my all-time fav. sandwiches.  It's not so filled with flavor that you have to stop once you're halfway through like a Viet sandwich.  But it's also not as dull as a plain ham sandwich.  It's got just the right amount of flavor that you'll gladly eat another one once you're done.  You won't be able to, but you'd want to...and that is def. the mark of a good sandwich.
<review# 754,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2006,1/15/2006,135,158,3,1,1>shh,,, dont tell the girlfriend, but i love going in here, your treated with the upmost respect, and the designs are fresh. only problem... they really do over charge for plain ole silver,,, just imagine the gold and the platnium
<review# 755,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2006,1/13/2006,577,529,4,7,6>I don't have any problems with going to a restaurant with a celebrity chef.  In fact, I quite enjoy checking these places out, if only to find out if their status is well-deserved or not.  Well, after my meal last night, Mr. Batali deserves my five stars indeed, and I'm not even all that enamored by him or his status.  Dinner was amazing!  Perfectly cooked tripe, decadent beef cheek ravioli and braised beef done to tender perfection.  Other dishes on the table included the mint love letters and the calamari, both also excellent choices.  Service was attentive without being overbearing.  Definitely a place I would go back to!
<review# 756,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2006,1/12/2006,15,33,1,1,1>DuMont is one of my top 5 comfort food restaurants in NYC, and now that it has a smaller outpost just two short blocks from my house, I am in heaven. The menu at DuMont Burger features just the highlights from the original's menu, but really, what do you need beyond the perfect burger, the uber-rich mac&cheese, and the addictive fries? And they've added a DuMont Mini Burger, which is not slider mini at all...it's the regular burger, sized down just enough that you can eat the whole thing without feeling ill. The full bar, friendly staff, and cozy decor round out the experience nicely. One complaint - they don't (or don't yet) offer the DuMont salad, and that is a shame.
<review# 757,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2006,1/11/2006,447,211,1,2,1>Really nice, really expensive. Great bathroom toiletries, i raided the cart with all the goodies on it for my entire trip.... shhhhh.....Smaller rooms, but hey, its NYC. Great location with all kinds of bars and restaurants around.
<review# 758,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2005,1/9/2006,29,24,2,4,2>I don't know how one would survive growing up in this town without Dominick's.  It's the only pizza place  in the area (that includes about 23 other pizza joints) that doesn't deliever.  Because they don't have to.  Dominick's is worth gettin off you lazy butt and driving down there for.  The gnocchi are amazing, and so are the cavitelli, but yet, for some reason, every time I order I am compelled into spaghetti parm (don't remember when I conjured this up, but they've been makin it for me ever since).
<review# 759,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2005,1/8/2006,123,152,,3,1>Service: A-Food: A+Decor: B-Dessert: A+Nobu is the best Japanese restaurant. Period.If you are to visit Nobu, lunch time would be the best bet as dinner reservation would take 1 month+. When you are to visit Nobu, you should be adventurous and focus on Chef's specialties because teriyaki dishes, fresh sushi and sashimi can be found else where.Tuna Tataki: Average dish. Simply forgettable. Squid pasta: Extremely tender squid with light sauce. Good choice of vegetable to accompany the squid textureRock shrimp tempura: One of the highlighted dishes and is perfect with the spicy sauce.Broiled black cod with miso: My personal favorite. Subtly marinated with miso and had light sweet taste. Yellowtail sashimi with jalapeno: Creative dish that actually worksBento box (warm chocolate cake with green tea ice cream): Average cake but the pairing with slightly bitter green tea ice cream to counter the sweetness of the cake is well thought. Apple spring rolls: Very refreshing but I question the pairing with the accompanying ginger ice cream.The mixed drinks are expensive but very worth it. (We tried the lychee martini and mango martini)Overall, you will get what you pay for. The dishes are very creative and delicious.
<review# 760,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2006,1/7/2006,20,143,1,5,1>One of the larger Crunch's with plenty of available equipment and lots of hot guys.  A motivational workout.
<review# 761,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2005,10/22/2005,90,0,1,1,3>An excerpt from a short story I wrote entitled "Subway Urine Never Smelled This Good" involving La Madeleine:  "Why did it have to be him to show me how much I love NYC, how much I want to celebrate its lack of virtues? I took it like a punch in the stomach. His alternative-insider-tour still feeds my addiction. Gimme just one more chance to sit across from those blank brown eyes and that sickly pale face while eating the best spinach omelette I've ever had at La Madeleine in Midtown. It was a day for decadence. A day for strong drinks in the afternoon. A day for boxing with the wind."
<review# 762,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2005,10/21/2005,376,410,4,6,4>Hummus Place is a specialty shop that has mastered the art of Hummusry.   Specializing in their namesake, you can get the Hummus Foul, with egg and fava beans, for 4.95, the Hummus Masabacha, with whole chickpeas, for 4.50, and finally the Hummus Tahini, traditional style, for 4.50.  Each and everyone are delicious, creamy and exemplify what hummus can be if done with loving attention. The delicious puffy pita's that come with your hummus can also be found across the street at the Israeli market.
<review# 763,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2005,10/20/2005,62,209,1,3,4>Looking for something different, we chose the Library Hotel, near the New York Public Library, and immersed ourselves in a literary experience. Over 6,000 volumes, organized by the Dewey Decimal System (remember those days?), are placed throughout the hotel for guests to peruse and enjoy. It's a small hotel with 60 thematic rooms. We were in 400.003 Languages: Germanic - Although, my father is a 1/4 German we never went beyond the occasional 'danke', so the lovely German story and poetry books went unread. The illustrations were nice though! We're hoping for The Arts next time around.Our room was very small but so beautifully detailed, we almost forgot that we had to take turns walking across the room to avoid a low impact collision. Dark wood furnishings accented with celadon and gold tones gave the room warmth and sophistication. The hotel staff was a bit sparse but friendly and pleasant when encountered. Pulling art and photography books off the many shelves reminded me of school days and trips to the library... but more fun. There isn't a restaurant in the hotel but you can dine on a simple breakfast, afternoon tea or evening wine and cheese in the Reading Room. You'll find tables and lounge-friendly sofas surrounded by walls of books. Upstairs, in the writer's den, are big club chairs, a fireplace and terrace with a view. Before a night out, we had a glass of champagne in the outdoor Poetry Garden and enjoyed a view of the vibrant city lights. The Library Hotel is not your typical New York swank-as-all-get-out place to stay. It has a special personality that you won't find in a lot of places, and it's quite modest by comparison. If you love books or just want something a little different, you'll find this place quite enchanting. Staying here was such a treat. I highly recommend it.Make sure to visit their web site to see their complete list of room categories & availability: libraryhotel.com Rooming in 'Slavic' may not be so romantic.
<review# 764,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/21/2005,10/19/2005,376,410,4,3,2>Asia Grill must have been started by a frustrated restaurant owner competing with other asian restaurants. "You want Chinese, we got chinese, you want Japanese, we got Japanese, you want Vietnamese, we got Vietnamese" So, he started a restaurant that does all that, Chinese, Japanese and Vietnamese and his competition is dying quickly. Who can compete? Well, the food isn't amazing, and I never trust sushi that isn't from a sushi restaurant by rule of thumb, but if you are hungry and in the Upper East side, you could do worse. The food is relatively healthy and the vietnamese style curries are pretty tasty.
<review# 765,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2005,10/18/2005,376,410,3,3,4>Bua, pronounced either Boo-a or Boo-Yaa, is the bar Irish drunks dream of, and Simon and Mark have created a new home for East Village drunkards. Open early to late, it's a joyous place where the owners go shot for shot with you and throw down Irish Car Bombs every hour or so. When I stay in NYC, I sleep above Bua and start and end almost every night there. It's dangerous, but highly recommended. Simon will keep the place open until daybreak if you can keep up with him and stay on your feet.  Ask for Simon's special drink, it's a whiskey and ginger conconction that will cure any cold.
<review# 766,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2005,10/17/2005,99,192,10,4,5>One of Great Neck's most venerable institutions, for secular Jews this bakery has essentially replaced the synagogue. First, the restaurant: don't be scared off by the number of alter kakers that come here for all three meals. If you could, you would too. The portions are generous and hearty, and the massive basket of muffins, breads and cakes you get with every meal is worth its weight in gold. The bakery: from all the shmaltzy pictures of Bruce cavorting with celebrities it's clear that Bruce thinks his comparative advantage is in being a "Baker to the Stars." No, his comparative advantage comes from his unworldly challah. Sweet (not too sweet), moist, delicious, sliced or pulled, buttered or plain. This challah is so superlative you'll want to do things with it that G-d never intended.
<review# 767,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2005,10/18/2005,376,410,3,3,4>Bua, pronounced either Boo-a or Boo-Yaa, is the bar Irish drunks dream of, and Simon and Mark have created a new home for East Village drunkards. Open early to late, it's a joyous place where the owners go shot for shot with you and throw down Irish Car Bombs every hour or so. When I stay in NYC, I sleep above Bua and start and end almost every night there. It's dangerous, but highly recommended. Simon will keep the place open until daybreak if you can keep up with him and stay on your feet.  Ask for Simon's special drink, it's a whiskey and ginger conconction that will cure any cold.
<review# 768,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2005,10/15/2005,103,2108,5,4,4>It's not as titillating as it sounds. With more than nine thousand objects comprising its permanent collection, the Museum of Sex offers a studied and sometimes clinical look at the history of sex in our culture, utilizing drawings, paintings, photographs, film, video, and ancient artifacts to achieve its goal. Past exhibits have included one exploring how NYC transformed sex in America, with displays of 19th-century brothels, videos of Times Square in its sleazy heyday, and S&M paraphernalia, and another dedicated to 2,500 years of Chinese obsession with the erotic. Their latest acquisition - a collection of pornography including more than four hundred 8-millimeter films, seven hundred videos, 1,500 magazines, one hundred books, and quaint artifacts such as blow-up dolls - is less shocking for its content than it is for the identity of its original owner, Ralph Whittington, who recently retired as a curator at the Library of Congress after thirty-eight years of service. The gift shop offers an eclectic assortment of publications, home accents, clothing, and a wide selection of sex toys. You don't need a raincoat to enter, but leave your maiden aunt and the kids at home.
<review# 769,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2005,10/14/2005,376,410,4,3,3>Great place to stop for an iced coffee on a hot day of shopping on Madison. High end produce and specialty chocolates and european delicacies surround you in this air conditioned tourist trap.  It's also provides me with a wicked pleasure  to watch people squirm when they see that their box of chocolates costs $55 and then see it melt as they walk out  into scorching 100degree sun.
<review# 770,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2005,10/13/2005,35,75,,5,2>This IS Harlem!...St. Nick's Pub is the last true bastion of the BeBop in New York City & it's no coincidence that it's located in the quintessential "Jazz" neighborhood of all the 5 boros, Sugar Hill, Harlem. Sugar Hill was home to such Jazz legends as, Duke Ellington, Sonny Rollins & Billy Strayhorn. It was also home to yours truely, Mr. NaN K for the past 7 yrs.C'mon and take the A train if you want to find yourself in Harlem...Stepping down into the pub you can feel the history. A small non-descript awning that simply says "Jazz Pub" is really the only thing that sets the entryway apart from the rest brownstones on the block. to be continued...For now I just want to let you know that you should go to the Jam Session which is held every Monday night from 9pm-3am...$3 table cover, FREE to sit at the bar, and there's a FREE home-cooked buffet for all patrons. Cash bar only!
<review# 771,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2010,7/12/2010,1301,215,6,24,18>Having lived in the South Florida/Miami area for almost 20 years, I thought I knew everything there is to know about the perfect Cuban Sandwich (Cubano). Sweet Cuban bread, mustard, mayo, pork, cheese, ham and pickles. Pretty easy, yet 90% of restaurants who try to perfect a Cubano still have no idea what they're doing. But, somehow, I was able to find the best Cubano in the most unlikely of places; New York City.Milanes Restaurant is located on 25th st. between 6th and 7th Ave. (closer to 7th). The burgundy awning outside is what I look for whenever I can't tell which door to walk up to. You walk in, and right away you get greeted in Spanish, no matter what you look like. This, to me, is just one of my stamps of approval; legitimacy. For $7 on special, you get a Cubano and a drink. I sat up at the bar both times to talk food with the owner. Once again, a Bobby Flay recommended spot (featured on Throwdown) does not dissappoint, not at all. Now, on to the food...Every aspect of this Cubano is perfect. It's nice when most of the flavor does not come from the mayo, mustard and cheese, but from the meats instead. The pork on this Cubano is definitely the best tasting pork I've had on a Cuban Sandwich. It is juicy, tender, and SO flavorful (the meat actually drips sometimes, although not messy). The bread is perfectly pressed and toasted. The pickles are sweet and thickly-cut, adds great texture to the sandwich. The cheese stretches and pulls with every bite you take. The sandwich is seriously perfect, better than any I've had in Miami.Although I have not tried a Cubano in Cuba due to obvious reasons, I assume this would blow most of those away, as well. It does not matter which country this pork is cooked in, it's just the best. I crave this sandwich's delicious flavor all the time after coming here, and it was even better the second time.This Dominican joint also serves up any other dishes you might assume they would, all for very cheap prices. They close at 7pm, so don't try having a late dinner there.For those of us who have been searching for legit, delicious and cheap Spanish/Dominican food, look no further. Milanes has, what I think is, the best Cuban Sandwich. Thank you for the recommendation, Mr. Flay.
<review# 772,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2010,7/11/2010,110,170,9,7,10>Good Morning (Viet)Nam Nom Nom!!!!I'm afraid my objectivity is lost due to my happiness of having Pho, Vermicelli and Banh Mi's in walking distance to my place.I was satisfied with everything I ate. My favorite was the catfish banh mi, I usually get a pork or chicken so this was a nice change-up.I loved that they make the banh mi's in front of you and were hustling to get them out. I would describe the inside as a really nice fast food joint which suits me just fine. Excited for delivery, the ice coffee and pho when I'm sick.All this talk about the place makes me want to head there now and I can, so maybe I will.
<review# 773,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2009,7/10/2010,0,304,12,16,21>At first I thought he was playing a joke,When he arranged a birthday dinner for me here with his folks.Whatever his reason is and the effort he took,I'm not going to let him off the hook!Once I learned the executive chef is a favorite of Anthony Bourdain,I have no reason to complain!A whole chapter was devoted to Chef Scott Bryan in Kitchen Confidential.Knowing this made dinner with "the family" feel very special.The sleek décor is French inspired with dark polished wood & round hanging lights, The cushy wide Jean-Phillip Nuel designed geometric chairs are a comfy delight.Ambience is classy and unpretentious,Reading through the list of creative dishes on the menu can be adventurous.Cuisine is American Nouveau where the common ingredient is honey,Entrees are not outrageously pricey. For such high quality, you get more value for your money.Getting a good bottle from the wine list can be hit or miss,So I recommend you take advantage of No Corkage fee Mondays...I insist! For appetizers, we shared the diver sea scallops and lemongrass squid salad. Squid is amazing! The claim of this being the best dish in the house is certainly valid.The diver sea scallops were meaty and large in size, But it only came with 2 pieces too small for us to share...I'm not surprised.For entrees, the 2 gentlemen ordered the same dish. They had the roasted monkfish. It came with artichoke barigoule, tomato, basil, and leeks.I tried the fish and liked the crispy coating, but felt the flavor is a bit weak.I had the Risotta with chanterelle mushrooms, peas, parmesan, lemon, and herbs.It was too rich and creamy for me, but the taste and flavors were superb!The Mrs. had the squid ink linguine with shrimp, neck clams, chili flakes, & white wine.It was strange to see linguine with black coloring, but she said it tasted fine. For dessert, we had the vanilla panna cotta with raspberry coulis sans birthday candle.Fine with me, a team of servers serenading me is embarrassment I can't handle.Allowing me to pick the dessert was a nice gesture.I liked the vanilla flavor, but I wasn't crazy about its gelatinous texture.Overall, our dining experience was amazing.High quality ingredients & savory dishes are what I've been craving.I would love to come back here another day,Hopefully, we don't have to wait until my next birthday.
<review# 774,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2010,7/9/2010,251,671,23,31,23>I don't care what anyone says - tattoos hurt like a mofo. They really do. I mean you're essentially being stabbed with a needle over and over and over again. On the same spot. Over and over and over again. However, I like tattoos. No, wait, I'm a burgeoning junkie actually. And that is why I like to get tattooed by David Sena. He has this light hand on him that makes the pain, well, less painful. Not to mention he's super friendly and actually works with your ideas to come out with something incredibly beautiful. Awesome. The shop itself is great - bright, clean with a sense of calm about it that only makes for a really untroubled experience. All the equipment used is sterile, the ink quality is very high (which makes for a lasting tattoo as opposed to one that fades over a year or two) and all the other artists are really friendly as well. My tattoos usually take about 2-3 hours, so if I am going to be in a world of hurt, I want to be that way in a place I am comfortable in. That makes sense, right?* Definitely come here if you want a quality piece of art and a great overall experience. As good as it gets people!*no, I am not into *that* kind of pain. Sheesh!
<review# 775,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2010,7/7/2010,236,311,26,37,34>"Manhattan is the greatest island on Earth"I'm tempted to stop here as with this headline at Painkiller's site I just should give a try.  But one sentence reviews induce lately no other than "unlikes" so ... yelp.com/biz/1-sentence-… Painkiller is a Tiki bar. If you tell me that before urbandaddy reveals this new opening in the East side, I'd laugh on you as from my Spanish background tiki is such a funny word. But happen to be a whole culture in USA referring to restaurants and bars that involve Polynesian-themed and funny use of Tiki carvings and mythology. It was born a while ago in Hollywood ... of course. From a bar theme, a whole Tiki cuisine and cocktails was generated since then. The archetype for cocktails? Mai tai. Another populars include Scorpion and Zombies. In fact, Painkiller refers to a classic tiki cocktail. Now I understand the name. I was quite happy too with my assumption that after a couple of drinks over there all pains must be killed either because you forget about it, or because you have such a great time that makes it relative or most likely because of both. I have to say however, that Tiki cocktails are not my favorites. I just find them sweet, not balanced for my taste and the ice is just too much. But I have it before and Painkiller know how to do it.  Well, you should now that two of the owners of Dutch Kills, an speakeasy located at LIC with a category reaching the best of the best, are behind Painkiller. They are owners and they are actually there. But in the top of that blenders are everywhere in the bar as the fruit juices are fresh squeezed and all seem to be fresh made and natural.  As Polynesian theme you can imagine the aesthetic of the place. Bamboo walls, colorful, flowers, Hawaii, topless Polynesian women* and funny Tikis. And let me give you too Tiki's definition: Polynesian carvings in humanoid form. Another killer word. HumanoidAt first step you will see people drinking colorful drinks through long straws in crazy glasses? if I can call it like that, as those are actually ceramic pots characterizing Tikis or empty pineapples. Add to this a candle on fire in the top in a few of them. If we go further, the concept is also about friends gathering. There is a few seats at the bar where you can directly interact with the owners while they make your cocktails; guys that by the way are funny and superfriendly. But there is a few tables in the back for groups of 6 or so where bowls of your selected drink will be served. But most importantly you can order Scorpions, classic and signature versions of this drink served in big bowls for 4 to 6 people to share.   The ones that we tried included: Swizzled, Painkiller, Cradles of life and the flights. A visual Festival all of them. The flights are 3 different cocktails: mango, strawberry or banana very strong and large. The friend who order this was just shocked. Well, we all were shocked seeing what it was served as by flight we all think about small glasses. Well not here.  But I highly recommend Cradles of life. This one I liked a lot. And happen to be a version  of Scorpions, the one that you will order for your group. And this one, is also the one with fire in the top. Even this are not my favorite drinks and I'd rate it 3.5 because of that, the whole theme is a plus. The service, superplus if I can use this word. And I may not crazy about coming back tomorrow or this weekend. But Painkiller truly represent the Tiki culture for what I have read. And at Painkiller happiness is all around. Like when you are on vacation. Nothing can be wrong.Aloha* in paints and pictures in the walls, guys.... you really thought this was for real?
<review# 776,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2010,7/6/2010,395,204,30,17,24>I totally dig this place. I know I've been to this location twice and from both times I've had very pleasant experiences. What stands out isn't just the taste of the food, which I enjoy very much, but also the setting....Pinkberry. Have you been there?... I know you have.[in a whisper] I've been following you.[pause]In fact, I'm watching you... Right now. I see you. You're sitting at your desk...[pause]Now, you're having a Matrix (the movie) moment and you're looking around. You're asking yourself, "Wait, what? Are you talking to me?"[pause]Yes. You. I'm watching you right now...I see your underwear, tee hee, tee hee *giggles like a schoolgirl*[pause]Did this review just take a hard left turn? I hope so. I hope you just got creeped out. I feel that it is important that all readers of my reviews derive some fear from having read the words that come out of my brain. I truly believe that it's important to make my reviews not only NOT "useful" whatsoever BUT slightly "harmful" to the reader.(silence)Well anyway, (smile) KyoChon has that very modern, very clean and very plastic feel to it that's similar to any of those Pinkberry places. It must be some sort of preferred Korean aesthetic. I bet you every restaurant in the city of Seoul, Korea is like that:Dear Obama, Please look into stealing ideas from Korea because from my understanding, they are living 10 years ahead of us. Also, since you're reading my review of Kyochon on Yelp right now, please take the necessary steps to change the alternative side parking rules outside my house because it's a pain to have to move my car so early on Tuesdays. Thanks Barack!Sincerely yours,Jimmy...[I turn to you] Yes! We're friends like that! =)Anyway, what was I talking about? Oh! Right, hmm... What did I eat? I've had their hot wings that first time I went and there was so much that my friend and I couldn't finish it. They give large servings if you pay them more money. Yesterday, I had the chicken bulgogi with white rice lunch special that came with a free soda. I didn't get any soda. I just asked for water. The waitress looked at me like I was crazy. She was thinking all, "What the fuck!? Why would you ask for water when you can get soda!?!?!" You should have seen her shocked look, with her eyes and mouth wide open and gasping like there's no tomorrow.Maybe that was an exaggeration. Maybe not.So yeah, you should go there cause it looks nice and have food that taste good. Also, because their waitresses are all kinda hot. Thank you for having wasted your time reading this. Your IQ is now slightly lower for having done so. Please have a great day! :D
<review# 777,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2010,7/5/2010,308,363,11,19,17>Forgive me for giving the brand-spanking new and very "green" Battery Park City Library five stars simply for existing!  I had heard some rumblings awhile back about a library being built in the neighborhood, but then didn't keep breast of updates.  I didn't even realize where the library was going to be until I heard on NY1 that the grand opening was today.  Damn, I really should read my BPC Broadsheet from now on!I, of course, hightailed it to the library to check out the new digs.  It's in a prime location, across the street from the movie theater and Embassy Suites, and a few short blocks from all the local schools.  Best of all, I don't have to cross the highway to get to my nearest library.  Goodbye New Amsterdam Branch, hello BPC Branch!  Having grown up in this neighborhood and lived here for so long, it makes me really happy that this new generation of kids will have such a wonderful resource available to them within the bounds of Battery Park City.Apparently it's the "greenest" library in the city, with all kinds of environmentally friendly technology in use.  It's 10,000 square feet and two floors.  There are tons of tables with plugs built into them, plus lots of other chairs for reading.  According to the website, there are 24 public access computers, but it didn't look like that many to me.  Perhaps more will be on the second floor, where the multipurpose room is situated.  Right now, it looks like they still need to expand their collection - the shelves on the first floor are not nearly brimming full enough of books, and there's only a magazine section on the second floor - but I'm sure the NYPL's shrinking budget has something to do with this.  There is a large children's section, though, and lots of DVDs (movies, tv shows, anime) to choose from.  I may very well cancel my Netflix account if it's this convenient to rent movies in my own neighborhood!I'm also very excited to have such a beautiful local library to use as a writing spot.  Free wi-fi and a clean, quiet, well-lit environment with a view - what else could I ask for?  Best of all, I don't have to buy anything to use the space, and I won't reek of coffee for hours afterwards.  I think I'm in love.  And if you live in Battery Park City, I'm sure you will be too!
<review# 778,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2010,7/4/2010,294,271,25,20,23>I once went to a birthday party. A friend brought Black Hound's triple chocolate mousse cake. Shh, don't tell anyone, but I ate 75% of it and I think I forgot to wish the birthday boy. If you think that's shameful, DON'T JUDGE ME TILL YOU'VE EATEN THIS CAKE, OKAY?This cake is very special. You have to refridgerate it within 30 minutes or it will self destruct (something to the effect). Three layers, dark chocolate rich and dense, and the lighter layers fluffy as a pillow. A tad sweet, maybe, but good texture. Gooood.They have cakes ranging from delightfully fresh (pear almond) to heavenly fluffy (choc mousse) and tangy creamy (cheesecake). The staff, while friendly and eager to help, didn't have very many recommendations to make. On the upside, it doesn't seem like you can go very wrong here at all!Now if I were not such a fan of honing my baking skills, I can safely say that you, you, you AND you will get a birthday gift from me in a black hound package. But now now, the world is not perfect, is it? Tee hee.
<review# 779,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2010,7/3/2010,85,223,12,20,17>I was at a holiday party with the most amazing cheese table I've seen outside of Murray's shop. The hostess recognized my dairy-lust. She grabbed my arm and stage-whispered, "East Village Cheese." She then proselytized to my partner and I about how little each cheese on the table cost. "Brie for a dollar! Boursin for a buck fifty! BOURSIN!" Boursin in our neighborhood is $7 for 5oz. I like it, but I don't like it seven bucks worth. I REALLY like it for a buck fifty. Monet water crackers on which to smear your Boursin, President double cream brie or chipotle marbled white cheddar are $1.99. Their other groceries are competitively priced. Anchovies, sausages, olives, capers and other savories at prices that aren't low enough to bring you in the door, but aren't high enough to drive you out of it. Jams, chocolates and baked goods are priced slightly lower than average.The crowds seem to be at their worst from 3pm-close on weekdays. I was both blocked in and shoved during my first attempt at rush hour cheese shopping, and have now vowed to make my purchases in the morning. Lines move pretty fast. Know what you want when you get to the counter, and stand close to the counter so that you don't block other shoppers. Leave the cards in your wallet. This place is cash only.
<review# 780,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2009,7/2/2010,215,192,11,11,9>I almost wish this place was named "Trumpet" so that I could start my review with something corny like, "Sound the trumpets! Trumpet is awesome!" Would you settle for "Sound the flutes!"? Anyway. What a gem right in Midtown. This is a wonderful place to toast something special: A new job, an engagement, a bun in the oven . . . surviving another day without killing yourself or someone else. The usual.It's really romantical too. A great place for a date--quiet and cozy, good for conversation without loud music. But I've also witnessed a lot of PDA here. If anything, it makes for hilarious conversation. Welcome back to the halls of high school.If you're going with a group, be fancy and split some champagne. There's also wine and cocktails to choose from--all delicious! I normally forget that they have food because I have yet to eat anything there. It's pricey, so I put my money toward alcohol like any sane person.Definitely make reservations if you're going with a large group of people and/or late at night. Otherwise, I've walked in shortly after they've opened with one or two other people and never had to wait for seats.Love ya long time, Flute.
<review# 781,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2012,8/24/2012,205,245,9,29,21>I rolled my eyes when I heard about the Chobani bar. I assumed it was going to be overpriced and just a waste of space. I was wrong. The "priciest" one is at $3.75 and just a plain yogurt is $2.75. And they are all served in a glass bowl...that you can later return for 25 cents off of your next yogurt visit. I got the plain Chobani and cucumbers...which also has mint, salt, olive oil, served with pita chips. It was absolutely delightful. The mint was the best part. As soon as I walked in, I was greeted by a Chobani employee carrying an iPhone ready to jot down my order. I gave her my name and she suggested some of her favorites. Each employee takes care of their own customer's orders (commission and whatnot, I believe). They couldn't take tips. While you wait for your yogurt(s) to be made, you can go over at the bar and watch the people make it. There are no seating areas, so it's all to go. The bar looked like a showroom for kitchens. So pretty. I'll definitely be back since I work across the street.
<review# 782,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2012,8/22/2012,547,793,6,13,6>Excellent meal with the Bloomspot pre fixe menu! My bf bought a deal for $78 and we left very satisfied and full.. feeling like we got to sample BondSt's best dishes. Our rez was for Sat at 7:30- they didn't have anything after until 10:30.  When we arrived, it was pretty quiet but started bustling at 8pm. The space is really beautiful (except the bathroom is very small) but note that with this deal, you can only eat in the lounge (which is a separate space- downstairs). If you can, try to eat at the bar because honestly the lounge tables are so low, you need to hunch down. The seats are nice plum benches with pillow...everything looks Japanese zen. We took a peak at the restaurant- the space above, which looked also very sleek, trendy with flowery decor. On the service: our waitress was so sweet, polite, and refilled our waters on time. She was not stingy about the deal at all and kept saying it was a sampling of the best dishes.  She gave good recommendations as well and paced our meal nicely. Of course, every dish had the most beautiful presentation.We had: 1. 2 cocktails- $14-15 each.  I had the St Germaine- which was very good. I love Shochu because it's not strong.. I get pretty drunk off it. Otherwise, there was a hint of lemon, and elderflower..not sure what that tastes like but it was very sweet.  My bf got The Maurice, which he said he didn't like. I liked it- it had a very rice-y aftertaste and wasn't as easy to go down as the St Germaine because it was less sweet. Other suggestions our waitress made was the lychee martini and the dry saketini. 2. The tuna tarts- AWESOME. my favorite dish!! It was so buttery because it was thin slices of delicious fleshy tuna soaked in truffles and butter...with some kind of green leaf atop (cloves?)..on a crispy thin rice cracker.. cut into two small pizzas. So yummy. 3. The red snapper tacos- I loved how crispy the taco shells were; very freshly fried. The snapper was soft and flaky..and the guac and lime  were great accompanists. I would say that this was probably my least favorite dish- though excellent- the flavors weren't as complex (I've had this kind of fish taco before) 4. The sea bass skewer- 2nd favorite. AMAZING! I'm glad we got to try this because people like the sea bass at BondSt. It was perfectly charred on the outside without being overcooked- and the bass was so buttery, with a yummy sweet sauce. The mung bean salad that came with it was also great- crispy with a touch of salt. 5. Main dish:  2 rolls of sushi, and 4 sashimi. The menu gave us a great taste of BondSt's sushi and apps. Our rolls were spicy tuna and shrimp tempura. I didn't love the shrimp tempura but then again i am a sushi purist and think anything sushi tempura was made for fake sushi fans. The shrimp was very breaded and fried- differently from the typical panko batter. It was so fried it sort of drown the flavor. The spicy mayo that came with this roll had a curry accent. The second roll was excellent- spicy tuna. I could tell the tuna was very rich..pretty sure it might have been the toro (belly). I especially loved the RICE- it was packed with flavor; with black sesame, which was great! The sashimi- was very fresh, but not the freshest. It was firm and had good texture- not too goopy (hate sashimi that's goopy and cold.. meaning it was frozen). We had 2 slices of: big eye tuna, salmon and yellowtail. Yellowtail was my favorite- but it usually is; very clean. 6. Dessert- chocolate meltdown which was a molten lava cake. Very delicious but my all time fav molten cake is that of JeanGeroge's. The outside layers were on the drier side (not bad just fyi) but the middle was very melty. It came with espresso ice cream, which had a strong flavor and had a bottom cookie crunch. They were no pressure to upsell anything; we paid 20% tip for excellent service on our pre discounted amount. Def. get this deal if you see it- it's a steal! Deal or no deal, I'd come back when I want some yummy Japanese... this place is kind of like EN (equally amazing) but a bit trendier.
<review# 783,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2012,8/21/2012,179,279,5,11,7>"Stretched-Out Medium"XL has yet to disappoint my friends and I.  HK and Chelsea can't rely on the Ritz and Splash alone for our dancing needs. I mean remember the days of The Roxy, Spirit and Limelight...to name a few.  You eventually developed your favourite spot.  Crowd is very mixed and gaggles of like minded gays tend to cling in certain areas of the dance floor.  The main dance floor appeals to the more remix/dance/electronic  music whereas the other side is much more pop.  Need I mention the stellar sound and lighting system.  (Saturday is one of the best nights for music)I finally attended their '20 something' party and had a blast. It wasn't that crowded for a holiday but the people there were cute and fun.  Coat check line always moves pretty quick, or at least when the people waiting in line pay attention when the attendant says "Next".  Contrary to other reviews I have never paid $6 for coat check, so I don't know what that's about.  Besides...soon you won't even be needing it. The bartenders are always amicable and observant.  The promoters and door guys definitely remember a face.  The outside smoking area is convenient and well planned.  I have rarely waited for the bathrooms here and if there is a line it moves fast. Tip your attendant!Oh and if you don't have an XL membership card, you're silly.  It's complimentary and grants you discounts on any door cover and drinks!!
<review# 784,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2012,8/20/2012,483,449,7,12,10>Came here one Sunday evening with some friends for drinks. Seriously I thought it was just a tiki bar, but it's so much more, because of the live music in the back of the bar.I got to the place before my friends did, and heard the music coming from the back. Of course I immediately walked towards the music, and saw a ragtag group of very talented musicians playing a variety of a rowdy version of popular songs from the 60s and 70s. I was later to find out that this was a group of musicians led by the incomparable Frank Wood. They had a very captive audience of people who are obvious fans and friends.The drinks are also nice, and you can also pay a little extra to keep their tiki mugs. But if I go back to Otto's, I'd be going back for the music.Check out their list of events:ottosshrunkenhead.com/pa…
<review# 785,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2012,8/19/2012,106,375,5,12,7>Upper East Side, mourn the loss of Francois Payard no more (you can go to the Plaza Food Hall or Columbus Circle if you must). Eric Kayser est arrive. The Maison Kayser on Third Avenue is a boulangerie (bakery) and patisserie (pastry shop), with a coffee bar and sit-down restaurant. I tried the shop when I stopped by on opening day, I did not stay for the restaurant. Staff were friendly but in the weeds, but that's completely expected for the first day. Heck, a work crew was still screwing light fixtures to the facade! But who cares, they could be spraying a nail gun around the room, nothing was going to get between me and Parisian baked goods!The croissant was light and flaky, characterizations that are almost cliche with croissants, but worth noting for this one - it was especially light and especially flaky. My favorite croissant in the neighborhood remains that of Cafe D'Alsace, but the Kayser croissant was terrific - as good as Ceci Cela, if not better.The pain au raisin was not as sweet as I expected, but was otherwise so good that I feel like other pain au raisin examples do not measure up to the Kayser.The manager convinced me (it did not take much) to get the pistachio cookie, and boy I'm glad she did. Crisp, with plenty of pistachios and tons of flavor. Perfect.There were bowls of little financiers for sampling - they were good enough that I ended up with a bag of them to go. I'm not sure how that happened, they were in with the other goodies when I got home - caught up in the frenzy of bakery acquisitions, I suppose.Iced coffee from the coffee bar is delicious, though I think I spotted a shot of espresso thrown in - cheating perhaps, tasty certainly. The price was right, so no complaints. I do not know if the iced coffee is cold-brewed - in a baked-goods delirium, I did not think to ask.Now, as for the baguette? Waiting for later!Speaking of later, they will see me again for sure!
<review# 786,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2012,8/18/2012,1319,184,8,10,8>These things are good:1) Social Media -- That's why we're all here, right? To share our views on what rocks, what doesn't, and whatever else we feel like Yelping about.2) E-Commerce -- From Groupon to Etsy, who doesn't love a great deal? 3) Tavern On JaneWhen the three collide, it's like an electronic orgasm. With no AA batteries needed.My favorite new E-Commerce platform is Scoutmob. Download the app, see where the deals are, and take advantage. No need to buy up front. It's like they're giving away free money! And thanks to Scoutmob, I learned of Tavern on Jane. When I needed a place to meet friends on the West Side, I "scouted" it out and learned I could get $20 off, so to the Tavern we went.The place is cute, for lack of a better word. It's really more of a restaurant than a tavern, though they do have a large bar and a decent beer selection. For quieter dining, hit up the back room. My burger was juicy without being too messy, and the fried oysters we shared for an appetizer were quite tasty. And my friends liked what they had (roast chicken and grilled chicken sandwich), too.That covers E-Commerce and T on J, leaving only Social Media. Here goes...Go to Tavern on Jane, my wonderful Yelp friends! It's really good and you'll have a great meal! Fun times await! Hooray!!!
<review# 787,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2012,8/17/2012,79,62,37,20,19>Holy shiza these guys are straight SPEEDY GONZALES when it comes to delivery, so much so that I'm actually thoroughly confused. I placed my order through Seamless at 7:25pm this evening and it arrived at 7:32. SEVEN THIRTY TWO. That's SEVEN MINUTES later. 7. minutes. I can't even comprehend this. I live a good 10 blocks away, so there's a decent amount of distance between the restaurant and my apartment. I ordered a Pad Thai with some special requests, and the adjustments were made too so they actually had to take a minute to alter their recipe...which takes time. But they delivered to me in 7 minutes. Which is no time.  I don't get it. Have the folks at Enthaice discovered a primitive form of time travel? Do they have a helicopter? Do they have a small, side kitchen in the lobby of my apartment building? HOW?!?! Me and my roommate have an ongoing competition to see who gets their Enthaice order faster. He held the previous record at 11 minutes, but I'm the new King as of tonight, and It'll be a long reign. 7 minutes can't be topped. Though that's what we said about 11 minutes, so who knows...The food? Oh right. Listen, I like their Pad Thai. It's a good portion size, the chicken isn't half-bad, they make it spicy upon my request, the noodles themselves are just a pinch more flavorful than my ex-lover Tiny Thai across the way, and it's always satisfying. The Basil Chicken is delicious, though a bit small-portioned, and their curries excel similarly in flavor but lose points for size. None of the dishes are life-changing or 'the best rendition of a Thai classic you've ever had' but they hit the spot, and they hit it hard. And dude, come on. 7 minutes. SEVEN MINUTES?!?! I'm almost scared to eat food delivered to me that fast.I realize this won't apply to even 1/100th of the people that ever order from this place, but I order from here twice a week and I've never waited more than 20 minutes in my life, so how can I knock 'em? Andale, andale!
<review# 788,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2012,8/16/2012,236,311,17,29,33>Good things come in small packages. That's what it's been always said. Somehow, I thought about it while reading Sorella's Qualcosina menu. Literally, "a little something", which I think it is not only an extremely cute word but an excellent example that the proverb is generally true. The small dishes menu offered a Sorella are an excellent exhibition of what seems to be simple at first, but that hide "a little something" to made it special. Foodies out there ... this is a loud call for you.Getting into Sorella a few days ago, I desired two things. Handicap access and a wine menu featuring other than Italian. The last one exclusively related to the fact that I don't know enough Italian wines and therefore I feel lost if I have to order. However, only one of those prevailed when we left. And I believe even my 3 friends secretly shared it with me. Because let me tell you, crutches or not, no one wanna deal with a high step after 3 bottles of wine. I find Sorella an extremely delightful place in all senses you can think about. Even their logo is something you must take a look. Sorella, which means sister, and so an specular image of two girls holding a glass of wine that connect them together. The patio in the back is lovely but when I was leaving I also desired that we have stayed in the main room, the ambiance there is captivating an intimacy come by almost instantly. Please, bring the one that is continuously in your mind and in your heart. It was also my desire to have been there with him. Even when the style is modern and sophisticated, it feels warm and cozy. Mainly because of the human factor. You know, the way they greet you, the way they serve you, the way your glass is refill with an smile every single time. No matter who. And also because the overall ambiance it's calm and peaceful. I would recommend to order a few dishes to share. We just felt attracted to their qualcosinas, but their entire menu is appealing and intriguing. We went with some of their classics: Pate di fegato (liver), of course. And here is where Dan T. pointed it out right: Flavor. The bite is exceptionally tasty, even when it is chicken liver mousse that I have find in many other places to be bland and tasting like plain liver unseasoned. Here, the duck takes control. And it's fascinating that apparently it came from the bread, a muffin bread made with duck fat. The liver mousse is more than generous portion, unctuous, rich and filling and it wouldn't even need the egg, neither the bacon but those additions elevate the dish even more. We also order Fava beans and Brussels with bacon and apples both of them excellent and extremely tasty although I wasn't satisfied with the Brussels texture because they were dry. All the opposite however for my favorite dish of the night: Beef Carne Cruda, which is beef tartare topped with crispy shallots, accompanied by Podda cheese and celery, apple and herb salad together with lemon alioli. The small chunks of meat were juicy and flavorful, pure high quality meat. The wine menu offers a large selection of Italian wines. Either by the glass as well as by the bottle. With a price range extremely reasonable. You can also choose among their beers including some Italians. Tap (birra) and also by the bottle. Yes, you can order beer bottles.  Our idea of lets just have a bottle and something to eat, ended up several hours later with a total of 3 bottles for 4 people. Each one better than the other. As usual for Italian wines,  the menu is presented by the region where the wine is coming from and the year. Our friend took care of the wine because he knew better, and I can't recall which ones we had other that an excellent Barolo to start. All of them were light and delicate to the palate. It feels great when in Sorella and time just flew by without noticing. Quoting Jonas M.'s brilliant question "When you look into your napkin at the end of a meal, what do you see?"  I would say "I see myself asking that same question over and over to Sorella's napkins from now on"
<review# 789,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2012,8/15/2012,226,316,12,15,14>In the distant dregs of Manhattan, way up by Columbia University, lies a new ramen house - Jin Ramen. Jin has been garnering a lot of attention from ramen lovers, and with good reason.Let's take into account that this is all the way in Harlem. It's not worth trekking from lower Manhatten, but if you're craving a bowl of ramen, and you're uptown on the west side, Jin is worth stopping in for a bite. The storefront is hidden directly next to a subway exit - so much so that if you're on the east side of Broadway, you'd never know that it was there. Like any great ramen shop, Jin Ramen has a bar that you can sit at while watching the chefs plate together your meal. You know what that means, right? It's one of those places you don't mind eating at alone. (Smiles!)The Kani Salad is a combination of imitation crab, cucumber and kelp mixed with a spicy mayo dressing. It's a delicate combination of richness that will make your taste buds squeal with delight. The Miso Ramen is different from most of the other ramen that you will encounter. The broth is a blend of chicken and pork stock - common enough. However, in addition to the typical ramen toppings that you might find somewhere else, the Miso Ramen is served with a spicy bean paste, butter and corn, leeks, scallions, bean sprouts, chicken sausage, bok choy, sesame seeds, nori roasted seaweed, and pork belly. Instead of the typical ramen noodles, you'll find that the noodles served in this ramen are thick, curly, slightly chewier, and yellow.
<review# 790,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2012,8/14/2012,3042,746,8,15,14>Fresh + Delicious ItalianTeleport yourself to a different neighborhood while dining in Midtown. Delicious food, excellent quality, rustic decor, great prices. Fresh fresh fresh and ohhh so delicious. In a hurry, and in route to another event an artist friend who is a regular suggested we stop here for a quick bite. I was happy to oblige and delightfully surprised by the quality and variety of items on the menu + how sweet the employees were. LOVED my salmon with cherry tomatoes and salad, would definitely come back again.Date Rating: 2Pick up Scale: 2Strong Suggestion: quick bite, delivery, coffee, quality food to go.
<review# 791,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2010,8/14/2010,225,194,10,17,13>Poco is a bustling spot on the corner of Avenue B and 3rd Street that I have somehow managed to bypass until last weekend for a friends bday brunch. I am pretty sure that I will come here for brunch on a regular basis now.The restaurant is small, bringing a very intimate feel to it. The decor has somewhat of a rustic feel and the tunes playing are upbeat. The chef Abe Lopez is the winner of food networks "Chopped."The food was a unanimous success, every plate looked and smelled delicious. I had the Lobster Mac n Cheese which I knew I was getting as soon as I looked at the menu and was not disappointed.   What was even better- our wonderfully cheerful servers made sure that there was always two pitchers of mimosas at our table.  That's what I call BOTTOMLESS DRINKING. Well done Poco.So next time you are looking for a terrific place for food and/or drinks definitely head down to Poco. They seem to have drink specials every day of the week.  You will not be disappointed.
<review# 792,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2009,8/13/2010,480,166,6,17,24>I drown on Columbia's campus sometimes. Taking a full load of doc classes, teaching three classes, and writing a novel, I sometimes walk through that gorgeous quad and feel like I'm walking too slowly even if I were at full sprint.Riverside Park is an oasis. It runs 4 miles along the Hudson--330 acres of playing fields, horticultural and playgrounds. Its serpentine route includes beautiful boulevards, promenades, flower gardens, rocky precipices and groves of elm all along terraces and manmade shorelines. It includes Grant's tomb, the boat basin at 79th, and is pocked with ice cream trucks and drink carts. There are playing fields for handball, volleyball, softball, basketball, tennis and football. It's a park to rival the central parks of any other city but because of our CP, it is often forgotten. It shouldn't be. In fact, I prefer Riverside.I go to Riverside to sit and watch the Hudson float calmly by. I go to Riverside so I can read more slowly, enjoyably, with the help of rustling elm. I go to Riverside to walk the promenade and exchange smiles with the other happy people walking by. I go to Riverside to bike with a date or friend and feel the park's calmness blow the stress from my soul. I go to Riverside to step outside the city and reconnect with those things green and calm and beautiful.
<review# 793,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2010,8/12/2010,472,510,14,23,24>Timmy's a big, affable man and his creamy, frozen custards are just as bold in flavor and inviting in taste and value.  My friend Jeff O., the mastermind behind the 2010 Roosevelt Ave Taco Cart Crawl, decided we cap off our ceviche/LENGUA taco/fritada eating excursion (yes!  I had cow tongue for the first time IN MY LIFE and it was delicious~!!!), with some frozen custard at Timmy's.  I shared a small double-scoop cup with a friend and had their flavor of the day (Mocha) and Vanilla.  The consistency of the custard here is velvet.  It's rich, it's thick, and very much egg-based.  He and I, along with other members of the taco tour, enjoyed this decadent dessert,  and though their flavors are limited, I found comfort in knowing that what I got was all natural and free of preservatives.  Without pause, I'd go for any one of Timmy O's 3 or 4 flavors over the heaping pile of 31 selections offered at a Baskin Robbins anytime.  Best part of my experience is that Timmy graciously gave me some soaked hand towels to wash away the stickiness on my fingers.  That is customer service.  I'll never forget this man's kindness.  With that said, I want to go back and try... maybe not a custard this time, but a peanut butter sundae!
<review# 794,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2009,8/11/2010,229,165,12,17,13>"Hey baby, Mrs. Pacman's got nothin' on you!"Hey baby, put your wallet away - I'm buyin' your game, you're with a real man tonight! *swing around a bag of quarters*""Hey baby, I love the way you work that joystick..."These are all stupendously clever lines I hope to hear at Barcade but never do because people aren't skeezy in this joint, they're just here to get down and dirty with a good ole arcade game. Don't hate - embrace the nerd within!Barcade's just a good time, even if you don't grab a joystick (granted it just feels so much better if you do). People bring their dogs in, there's a great booze selection (beers for dayssss) and beef jerky is available for purchase at the bar. Basically all you would ever need. Ever.And at the entrance is a very nifty mosaic of beer bottle caps. It like, inspires me to drink massive amounts of alcohol, because massive drinking results in fantastic works of art and I want in on that action.
<review# 795,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2010,8/10/2010,151,352,20,25,34>Sometimes, when you have 3 hours to kill between dinner and a movie, you don't mind waiting 10 minutes in 40 degree weather outside of a non-descript triangular street corner for entrance to a subterranean hideaway.Sometimes, an additional wait at the bar for a table can be overlooked by cocktails that coincidentally compliment your physique; his was tall, pale, and full of gin and ginger, while mine was wide, dark and spicy with bourbon and cider.Sometimes, the hostesses will cleverly set down a bowl of beer nuts at your private booth when she notices that you and your spouse are starting to slightly slur your speech after 4 bourbon based drinks. (I see what she did there...)Sometimes, she's also a life-saver for immediately replacing the nuts with hard pretzels when she learns of your severe allergy.Sometimes, you don't care that paying $13 per drink in a faux-speakeasy is 'so 3 years ago', because the company you keep and the quality of the cocktails are timeless and classic.Sometimes, Little Branch is perfect.
<review# 796,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2010,8/9/2010,786,1284,52,90,51>what to bring: - plastic water bottle from a bodega- swim suit- sunglasses- flip flopswhen to go: - in the MORNING. yes, morning. you will have ALL day to hang out there.1. get to Main St. station on LIRR or 7 train. 2. walk to Municipal Parking Lot. stay on the south side across from the bank.3. look for a shuttle bus labeled "Spa Castle". no payment necessary. 4. check in at front desk. pay $35. 5. the wrist watch you get will be your wallet/tab for the whole day. 6. you can stay as long as you want. no one will bother you. 7. get your towels, your uniform and a water. you will be dehydrated.8. open locker with your wrist watch. BAM! open sesame. 9. change into your swimming suit. 10. walk upstairs. 11. choose between: outdoor pool, sleeping rooms, hot sauna/stone rooms or food. - if the pool: go everywhere! start from the semi-outdoor jets or where you can swim up to the bar for smoothies. the area where you sit and the water plummets down on your head/body is my favorite! - if the sleeping room: go to sleep! - if the hot sauna/stone rooms... take in a wet towel, your bottled water and prepare to sweat it out! - if the cafeteria... try the salad bar. sometimes they have OK items, but i like to eat instant ramen bowls or snacks. ordering a MEAL here is kind of expensive and not that awesome. *note: you will use your wrist watch as payment. do not bring your wallet or pocket books upstairs, you silly goose! I RECOMMEND: pool, indoor pool, dry off in the hot saunas, take a nap in sleeping rooms and then eat a snack. 12. try NOT to be on your iPhone or Blackberry in the spa rooms. 13. go downstairs to the locker room. 14. get nekkid. yes... butt ass nekkid. 15. drop off your towels and uniform in a laundry basket near the bath house. this will freak some of you out. but YES... there will be a whole lot of NEKKID ladies (or if you're a man... then men!) in the bath house. this will make you very shy or totally liberated. in my case... I FUCKIN LOVE IT!!!16. take a shower. use the products provided for you. this feels awesome. 17. step into the hot baths. they are all different temperatures, aromas or type of therapy. 18. step into the cold bath or under the cold water shower. you will squeal from the shock! 19. go back into the hot baths... coyly look at other women's bodies and just relax. 20. the jet streams are niiiiiiiiiiiiiice. do it. see? it's nice. 21. get a body scrub if your want. those ladies are gangsta and will do a good job. expensive, though. 22. you can buy your own exfoliator pad from where you got your uniform from earlier. 23. take another shower. feels good, huh? 24. get clothed, get your swim suit in the plastic bad provided for you, chill at the comfy couches for a breather and then... check out! 25. give the front desk your wrist watch. pay your bill. 26. there will be a shuttle every 30 mins. catch it back to the same lot. 27. how was it? hope you liked it! =Di hope this review has helped someone. heheh.
<review# 797,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2010,8/8/2010,794,428,23,18,21>This truck is the big gay mirage of my dreams.Yes, a mirage inside a dream--- it's beyond the mortal understanding of magic. There's no particular location that they're stationed, that's the beauty of their truck, the pride is mobilized. Yah, so when I bumped into the truck serendipitously outside of my office, I got it for lunch.Usually, you have to follow their Twitter or go to their website to hunt them down, but that fine day they were at my doorstep.There is one savory item that everyone swarms the truck for and that is the CHOINKWICH. Oh my word, an ice cream sandwich with CARAMELIZED BACON.It's a taste of the darkest corner of heaven. One of my go-tos is the vanilla soft serve with olive oil and sea salt. I love olive oil gelato and this is a sexy twist. A literal twist...What else can I say about this truck besides  it's the only reason I keep cash in my wallet--- just in case I ever run into it.Let it be gay, let it be ice cream, let it be near my office.
<review# 798,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2010,8/7/2010,224,218,16,20,11>I really want to give Rockaway five stars, but I wont. I LOVE the beach, and this is the best (least expensive) option for New Yorkers. You can take public transit (A to Shuttle) so it costs practically nothing for a day at the beach. For me, it takes about 1.5 hours door to door (or beach), but I live in Harlem. Typically you're looking at about an hour commute, but it's well worth it.If you surf, skim, or boogie, then you'll want to go to Beach 90th street stop. You have two blocks of beach, where no swimming is allowed, only boarding- from 88th to 90th. If you come with a group and some may want to get in the water, post up at either 88 or 90, so you can do both fairly easily. If you want to rent a board, or pick up some gear, check out Boarders Surf Shop and Skate at 192 Beach 92nd street. $30 for half day, $50 for full day board rental. If you want to check the conditions, go to- surfline.com/surf-report…If you dont want to Surf, you can go further or all the way down on the shuttle. The beaches are much larger. The only downside to this, is that this is where a lot of the kiddies go to hang out. So you may encounter a lot of immature, disrespectful (to humans and the environment) behavior. There is a lot of litter and such down here.     The reason for 4 and not 5 stars- The lifeguards can be quite irksome. I understand that they have a job to do, but come on. Sometimes they wont even let you get out 20 yards before they start blowing their whistles. I just turn my back and ignore them, then when I get back to the shore, I act like I didnt know they were talking to me.    Next, it can get riddled with litter. This isnt the beaches fault of course, its the beach goers. At the surfers beach there is far less refuse, as I think people are more responsible. And yes the boardwalk can be kind of sketch, so treat it like sex- always wear protection.**NOTE**   Perhaps you and I are of the same mindset; beach and beer, go as hand-in-hand as Catholic priests and alter boys do. Be careful here. I always pour my beer (do cans) into a cup to attract less attention. Ive found that at the Surfer beach, it is less of an issue. All the way down at 116, on two separate occasions, I have actually had a woman check into my cooler as I walked down the boardwalk. She made me turn around. I just walked a few blocks up, but still. So keep your alkie in a bag, and you should be okay.All-in-all, Far Rockaway is a great choice for a day excursion from the city. So hop on the train, head on out. When you get there dont forget toNot dance, pull up your pants, and do The Rockaway, now lean back, lean back, lean back...
<review# 799,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2010,8/5/2010,275,454,14,28,27>A story about the little sibling...As we all know, the little brother always strives to be like their older brother.  The youngling would do things such as imitate, dress like, play the same sports, eat the same things, hang out at the same places as their older counterpart.  Imitation is indeed the sincerest form of flattery.  Of course, the little brother is always picked on.  Whether he is blamed for things the older brother is actually responsible for or subject to wedgies at school, these are the entitlements bestowed upon the youngling.  There are no considerations or exemptions alike.  As the younger sibling, you are subject to the mercy of your elder brother...Until Today!Ovest Pizzoteca (sibling restaurant of the notorious Luzzo's)...  You have officially shed the belittlement of being the younger sibling and have created a new foundation of the superbly well-executed Neapolitan Pizza!I'll avoid going into detail on the decor of Ovest...  If anything, the restaurant is best observed as both homey and upbeat.  One note of interest, the wood fire-burning oven can be observed in the main dining room.  Patrons of this establishment will find a relaxed yet tranquil feel; despite the Chelsea locale...The Food:"Alessandro" Pizza A Cono ($9.00):  THE TRUE PIZZA CONE!  A perfectly baked piece of Neapolitan Dough is stuffed with Fresh Mozzarella, Prosciutto di Parma, Cherry Tomatoes, & Parmigiano Reggiano. At first bite, patrons will discover the initial taste of the Pizza A Cono to be derived from its smoky, charred crust.  The toppings stuffed within the Cone provide a subtle, delicate, and earthy presence.  With a strong boldness stemming from the Arugula, that's complemented by the sweetness of the perfectly ripe Cherry Tomatoes, the pizza provides a welcoming earthiness when consumed.  The slight application of the Buffalo Mozzarella provided the much welcoming velvety creaminess that amplified the refreshing flavors of both the Arugula and Cherry Tomatoes.  Ultimately, the "Alessandro" Pizza A Cono embodies the true freshness and complexity of the ingredients.  What you will get with this application is a true observation and appreciation of subtle, delicate, and refreshing properties of each individual ingredient.Ovest Pizza:  Picture the Margherita, now add on Buffalo Ricotta, Pepperoni, Freshly Cracked Black Pepper& Thinly Sliced Garlic...  This is the foundation of the Pizza named after this establishment.  A stark contrast to the delicate properties of the standard Margherita, the Ovest Pizza possesses a robust outcropping.  From its initial taste, the derivation from the application is that of heat!  The lightly spicy, yet welcoming, properties of the Pepperoni took center stage by presenting the stark boldness of the vividly hasty flavor.  The precisely topped amounts of Buffalo Mozzarella & Ricotta provided a soothing, creaminess to the aggressive heat of the Pepperoni.  Ultimately, patrons will find that the use of the contrasting ingredients to be a perfect complement, as the spiciness of the Pepperoni helped to release the excessive delicate sweetness of the Buffalo Mozzarella & Ricotta. Patrons consuming the Ovest will find an array of flavors ranging from spicy, sweet, and smoky.  There is no shortage of complexity in flavors of this application.Big Brother...  Little Brother...  Perhaps little sibling started lifting weights and decided to fight back; as there is little doubt that Little Brother can pack a wallop...  How then does Little Brother compare to Big Brother?  An Apples to Apples comparison would just not be fair...Notes on Ovest:1) Takes Reservations!  Although the dining room was empty at 7:30pm2) Apertivo Hour on Weekdays from 5:00pm to 7:00pm.  Don't want to pay for the Pizza?  The Apertivo Bar serves up small bites of their traditional Bufala Pizza, along with many other snack items.3) Check Out the Wood Burning Oven in the back.  The Pizziaolos are friendly and welcoming if you're up for chatting4) Price Per Person:  $30.00 (this includes drinks, Pizza A Cono & a Large Pizza).
<review# 800,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2010,8/4/2010,349,349,14,24,24>Wall and Water might conjure up images of the Hoover Dam, but is simply a hip, creative and fresh restaurant in the Financial District that is located on the second floor of the Andaz Hyatt Hotel on Wall Street. WaW's wow factor comes from equal parts of its impressive entrance through a marble stairway, the high ceilings and stylishly appointed interiors, the welcoming and friendly service and, importantly, the abundance of wholesome food.I was here for a celebratory dinner, thanks to the thoughtful planning and patronage of a dear friend.  We opted for the 'family style' tasting menu.  Of note, the boiled artichokes were delicate even if a little messy to consume, three of the four cheeses were a hit, the chickpeas potpie with a puff pastry crust was excellent, as advertised, and the chocolate dessert was rich and filling.WaW is by far the best dining option in the Financial District.  While the assortment might be relatively narrow for a vegetarian, and the ambience not as 'happening' as one might expect for dinner, the overall food and service quality, coupled with my friend's enthusiasm to make this a memorable experience, raise it to a solid five-star experience.
<review# 801,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2011,12/17/2011,142,338,1,15,9>In my short time inside this small shop, I only saw people come in for freshly baked bread, but the reason I like it more than other Georgian bakeries is the decent selection of salads and hot dishes they can prepare as well, all for takeout.The star of the bakery are definitely the shoti long ($2), which were flying off the shelves as I was lingering over my selections. Shoti are in essence the Georgian version of a baguette that is long and shaped like a canoe. I gravitate towards khachapuri ($5.50, round), a baked cheese bread that Georgian cooking is famous for. They also sell khachapuri puffs here, but the problem with all of this is that it seems a bit tired. While the shoti are popular for taking home and eating with any meal and constantly popping out of the brick oven, these might be sitting around for a while.Also good for taking home are the meat pies ($3.50), which can come in potato, bean (lobani), mushroom tarragon, and cabbage versions as well. The breads are nice and chewy, and a bit on the greasy side.You might be asked to check out their arrangements of cold salads or your eyes might naturally avert themselves to this refrigerated case anyways, but the options are worth giving a try. The salad olivie ($6.99/lb) is not specifically Georgian but is very good here.The more Georgian options are versions of satsivi, a sauce made out of walnuts that is used with chicken, or other salads that use walnuts. They all look delicious. The prepared hot dishes also looked pretty tasty, but on this hot day the cold dishes appealed much more. It would be worth returning in cold weather to see what else is on offer.
<review# 802,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2011,12/16/2011,1379,2327,16,28,27>It's about time that the far Upper East Side where East Harlem meets starts getting spots like this that you would normally find only downtown. Earl's Beer & Cheese is located in a pretty vacant stretch along Park Ave and 97th where the train overpass meets the tunnel underground. Not much of a view but who cares when all you need to look at are your terrific beers and wonderful cheese plates.As others here have mentioned the place is insanely tiny. Personally, that does not bother me as long as I can grab a seat or spot to enjoy my brew. For others I can see where they would become claustrophobic quickly. When we arrived here around 6PM on Saturday there were only around eight people there, but by 7PM  I had counted around 25 and it was jammed packed. This place has become popular very quickly in this neck of the woods, and for good reason.Basically, it is one long communal table that seats 8-10 people. A small counter with a few stools looks out the front, and there is another narrow counter along the wall to stand at. Really, before we left a few hours later there still must have been close to 25 people in there and it was rocking. They were playing a cool mix of 80's rock and I remember hearing The Cars and The Police playing a lot. Also, it can get a bit warm in here but they had the whole front open letting in a nice evening breeze. The place resembles a faux hunting lodge with mounted deer heads on the walls, murals of deer in the woods, and a bathroom that looks like you are in a wooden shed. The menu features some creative takes on cheese. We had the Beer Cheese which was terrific. Comes in basket of bread that is presented as toast points buttered on each side. So airy and crispy. You get a good amount of spreadable cheddar beer cheese, and a tin with garlic cloves too. Yummy, yum, yum!Mmmmm......Beer Cheese. Just thinking about it is making me drool.There are other plates such as a cheese board, grilled cheese sandwiches, Asian Gnocchi & Beef, Mac & Cheese, a gourmet Eggo waffle with foie gras, cheddar, and coffee-cured bacon, among a few other items to choose from. From what we tried, and talking to the people around us eating, everything here is on-point. Just order at the bar and the staff will bring it over to you. Accepts credit cards too and everything here is pretty cheap overall. Can I mention the beer selection? I was pleasantly surprised at the craft beer options on tap and in cans. Draft beers served in glass mugs go for $5 - $6, and canned beers run $3-$8. They even have Growlers To Go  - $19 Refills / $4 for a Growler. The four line beer selection rotates and they bring in different brews constantly. Autumnation in cans, Victory Pilsner on tap, and Troegs Stout on tap were just a few that we enjoyed. They pair exceptionally well with the cheese plate selections here.Personally, I love a small place like this that serves the local community. Saw a mix of younger newbies and older stalwarts of the area in here. There was even a group of older ladies visiting from Poland that came in to down a few pints next to us and then head out. It was too funny. Again, this small place is probably not for everyone, especially if you can't deal with crowds and being squished next to other patrons. I guess it also depends on what time you go as I heard that right after work hours / early evening is very busy. Still, this has become a new favorite of mine in my hood. So glad it is not downtown or in Brooklyn, as it is only a few minutes walk from where I live. Easy access for me to go and try out some more wonderful cheese concoctions and thirst quenching tasty beers.
<review# 803,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2011,12/15/2011,795,723,7,15,11>I'd been waiting to try this place out for literally over a year the first time I went.  I go to Arthur Ave every once in awhile, but I kept putting off coming here.  Its owned by Roberto Paciullo, the man behind Roberto's and arguably the best Italian restauranteur in New York.  He's opening another 089 location in Manhattan eventually, but I believe in always trying the original.  Finally I got to try 089, and it definitely lived up to the billing!First thing you notice here is the amount of work they did to make this place look like its smack dab in the middle of some Campanian village.  From the texture on the walls, to the skylight, to the oven, if this place doesn't transport you to Italy nothing will.  The service is very professional, and as hard as I am on servers I found absolutely no fault with them.  Thats a festivus miracle in itself.  And smack dab in the middle of the restaurant was the most important thing: Roberto Paciullo.  He wasn't barking out orders or anything, just sitting and having lunch with a friend.  His presence alone was enough to ensure that everyone was on their game.  Thats great leadership, and exactly what it takes to make a great restaurant one of the best in the city.Since the first time was only lunch, I just got pizza although the rest of the menu made me think twice.  The bread they brought out as well was a great variety, and looked to be from Madonia but could've been from a few different places as there were several kinds.  The pizza I got was the Riccardo, which had buttersquash puree along with smoked mozzarella, spicy pancetta, and basil.  The crust could've used more char, but was pillowy soft and had a nicely risen lip all around.  I was actually expecting something more crisp and with less of a lip as this is Salerno-style pizza, but this worked just fined.  While the crust was great, it was outshined by everything else.  Simply put, this combo WORKED.  The pancetta was the fatty kind they serve in Italy, broken into bits and with a subtle little bit of heat as promised.  This contrasted with the smoked mozzarella from Casa della Mozzarella around the block, which was bursting with milky smokiness.  Combined with the sweetness of the squash, every bite was bursting with flavor.  The only change I would make would be to add a bit more basil, as it acted as a wonderful balancing agent that brought all the different flavors together.  All in all, one of the best pizzas I've had, and thats saying something at this point.  The next time I came back for the normal menu with a group of 6.  For starters we had the zuppa di vongole and the calamari alla peperonata.  Both were pefectly executed, with the sweet, tiny clams being the standout for me; the calamari was also perfectly cooked, with the flavor of the peppers standing out in particular.  We decided to get a bottle of wine, and our server was extremely helpful in selecting one that worked with all of our dishes (a reasonably priced Super Tuscan).  For my main, I got the Linguini al Nero di Seppia e Calamari, which is their homemade linguini in a black squid ink sauce with calamari and cuttlefish thrown in the mix.  It was awesome.  The flavor of the tomatoes wasn't lost and the squid ink wasn't overpowering--two common issues with this dish.  The homemade linguini was a perfect al dente as well.  Once again, the calamari here was perfectly cooked, and the cuttlefish--which feels halfway between octopi and calamari--was too.  This was food exactly as it is in the south of Italy.  Fresh, simple and straight forward.   Also, when we were leaving one of my friends left something behind and the waiter ran out after us to make sure the schmuck didn't forget it.  From the appetizers to the service to the espresso we had at the end, this place was remarkably consistent in how great it was.At this point, if you're interested in Italian food, you've probably heard of Arthur Ave already.  If you haven't gone already, you're probably looking for an excuse.  The restaurants around here can be a mixed bag, but you'd be hard pressed to go wrong with this place.  One weekend, go to the Bronx Zoo for a few hours, use the Southern Blvd exit, walk north a bit and turn onto 187th, and walk over to the neighborhood.  Retail Market, bread bakery, meat market, cheese shop, pasta shop, eat some clams on the side walk at a seafood market, and this place.  If that isn't a good day, then what the hell is?
<review# 804,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2011,12/14/2011,593,1089,13,14,14>spitting distance from the Marcy Avenue stop, just follow the trail of black t-shirts and you're at Duff's! major props to Phil and Stacey for inviting me out here...apparently everyone else was being lame, but I am always in the mood to RAAAAAAGE, so I signed up for the expedition.first: cheap drinks. I'm a weekend warrior, so I rarely get to experience happy hour specials. anywho, I rolled in here at 10:30 and drinks seemed to get cheaper as the night progressed. at some point I paid 7 dollars for a Stella and Jameson shot. the bartenders were freaking incredible (one is the guitarist from God Forbid), friendly and fast slinging the drinks.second: the atmosphere. despite our grizzled and frightening appearance, metalheads are probably the friendliest people you'll ever meet. music was roaring, people were talking, and I even mingled my way into playing a game with some regulars...it involved spinning a wheel of numbers, and slapping each other across the face. aaaand there was 70s porn playing on some TVs. aaaaand tons of memorabilia of metal bands and classic horror movies.third: LIVE BANDS! they were playing mostly covers from what we heard - heard a lot of Slayer and Pantera. then, at one point, Jimmy Duff was strolling around (sidenote: the guy is one of the friendliest, coolest people on the planet! you rule!) and said "they're stuck in traffic, but Machine Head is on their way to play a suprise set". HOLY SHIT!honestly, this is now my number 1 bar. if you want me to come to your parties from now on, throw them here or I'm not coming. no, I'm not joking.DEATH TO ALL BUT METAL!!!!! \mm/
<review# 805,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2011,12/13/2011,170,240,12,26,11>If you lack patience, then this is not a place for you.If you don't like to get arm workouts, then this is not a place for you.However, if you:- like to get things at a super cheap price- can put in at least an hour or two aside from your busy work schedule- don't mind gaining arm muscles - have an open-mindTHEN YES, I recommend for you to definitely give this place a shot, for those that worry about "bed-bugs" clearly worry about that only if you don't wash your thrifted clothes before you even wear it (GROSS who does that?) and if you are paranoid about "bed-bugs" you can google it if you like but you can always put the thrifted clothes you buy in a plastic bag, put it in the freezer overnight and then throw it in the laundry. And Viola, you've got yourself a brand new wardrobe you can show-off to the world.So back to the review, as I mentioned this place is great, it goes by the pound, I've been here numerous times and have always found something that I loved, I've found a few blazers here that I wear religiously when fall/winter rolls around. I must re-iterate though, you must have patience to go through all the bins, I guarantee if you give it a chance you will fall in love instantly with this place as well. I've left this place with 10lbs worth of goodies and only paid a measley $12 bucks. I can't argue with that at all. I'm always a happy camper when I leave this place.They always say "don't knock it til you try it" ;)
<review# 806,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2011,12/12/2011,666,1833,10,18,17>I've been to Astor Room for drinks, for brunch, and have tried out their table at Taste of Queens 2011, so clearly I fancy myself something of an Astor Room expert at this point. However, if you think I'm all Astor Room'ed out, you are sadly mistaken, my friends. I will come here time and time and time again, because dang, Astor Room makes you a lusty promise, and then delivers! I don't know many men who can please 13 women simultaneously, do you? Intrigued? Read on!The cocktails menu will make you swoon, as long as you're not a PBR drinker (and if you are, well, stop reading now). Delicately made, delicious to the sip, and packing a punch, you basically can't go wrong. For brunch, the bloody mary has a nice balance of heat and flavor, and I didn't hear a single complaint about the mimosas.Foodwise, anything involving the short ribs is a clear winner. I wanted to get the Maryland Crab Melt for my entree, sadly, it had sold out. that'll teach me to sleep in on a  Sunday, though, so next time! Instead, I went with the Astor Disaster, cos I'm a gal that likes variety (although I skipped the bacon). French toast topped with cheese, eggs any way you like, onion rings, short rib, and a side of potatoes? Yes please! Overall, a winner. The donut holes are epic as well, and great to share with a group. I particularly appreciated the three different jams/cream you can choose to dollop on, making every bite an additional exercise in culinary variety.Every time I have come here, there's been some sort of live music, which is a great touch for ambiance. I'd recommend anyone come here, be it for a date, a group outing, or just to swing by for a snack and/or drink. You really cannot go wrong!
<review# 807,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2011,12/11/2011,168,363,9,13,14>All things Scottish, everything else is crap.*We were in the neighborhood for dinner and afterward wandered in here on a Friday night based on a Yelp iphone app search of bars in the area. I'm glad we did too.Nice vibe, cool/friendly bartenders and a good selection of single malts and whiskies. And hello, they have Belhaven and Belhaven IPA on tap. I perused the single malt and whiskey menu and settled on Laphroiag 10yr. (I wished they had the quarter cask) while my companion had an Irish flight of whiskies (sorry, I prefer peaty whiskies). They also give you a tiny cask/pitcher of water to add to your whisky, if you need it, which I thought was a nice touch. We sat and sipped and took our time. Because that's how you're supposed to drink whisky my friend. Perhaps it is my Scottish heritage that influences my affinity for whisky (sorry Irish side of my heritage), I know I'll definitely be back.*Please tell me you get that reference. Hint: SNL, Mike Meyers.
<review# 808,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2011,12/10/2011,393,406,23,19,20>I do not understand. Happy hour until 10PM every single night? Incredible $5 lychee martinis? A huge tapas menu? Is this heaven?Came here with a gaggle of Yelpers last night. The service was great, even though we took up 80% of the restaurant.I had a lot to drink. I still have money left over. But no dignity.I am just seeing on their website that they have Pappy Van Winkle. This is the holy grail. I must go back...every day.This concludes my hangover review.
<review# 809,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2011,12/9/2011,187,258,17,16,11>Blossom is one of those places you curse yourself for not having visited sooner and promise yourself to come back as frequently as your teensy paychecks allow.Armed with my yelp deal for a 30 minute massage and facial, I stumbled my way to Blossom after a particularly brutal spin class. I was feeling a wee bit woozy and my body was wrecked after three weeks of keeping my ass in line at the gym. I was struck by how cute and clean and efficient everything was inside. It was busy, but all the staff was bustling about and no one seemed to wait long. Sally took me back to my small, dark, candlelit room smelling of delicious aromatherapy and instructed me to take everything off but my underwear. I giggled and told her I wasn't wearing any and, not fazed in the slightest, she told me to just get comfy under the towel. Sally. Is. Amazing. If I wasn't too busy drooling through the face-hole in the table, I would have dropped right down on one knee and proposed to her and her miracle working hands. She asked how I liked my massages and I told her pretty hard, but she laughed and said she'd start medium because sometimes people cried when she went full-force. My advice is this: trust the woman. She has a LOT of power packed into that tiny body and she worked into every knot in my back and tushie (I LOVE when they massage my tushie!) over and over again. We moved onto the facial and it was equally fab. Everything smelled delightful and her hands went seamlessly from insanely gentle around my eyes to the perfect pressure on my head and temples. She started with a cleanser, then steamed my face for a good couple of minutes, and then...came the extractions. I felt like my face was being sliced open, but I can't fault her for that because I always want to cry like a bitch during this part of facials. So much so that today, while involuntary tears fell down the sides of my face, I wondered how I would ever endure the pain of childbirth. Ah well. That's a discussion for another day. She finished with exfoliation and a hydrating mask. It felt so good that I dozed off. You guys! My skin looked immediately better. Luminous and clean and tight tight tight. All this despite the fact that those extractions left me sure that my face was bleeding and mangled.I HIGHLY recommend Sally and Blossom. I can't wait to come back!
<review# 810,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2011,12/8/2011,399,1361,12,22,15>I am not into following movie stars, television personalities, circus clowns, whatever. What I look for in a NYC restaurant and what I truly appreciate is a talented chef.Then if the restaurant decor is pleasing to me, I enjoy it even more. I plan future events in my head based on my experience. I also vault my future plans on location in the city. I'm rarely on the lower east side so going to 7A is a stretch for me. Marea? Smack dab in the middle of my world.I could care less if Gerard Butler loves this place. He probably sold his soul to the devil to get where he's at in this stage of his career.Talk to me about fusilli with grilled octopus and bone marrow. mmm..The crowd here is a little stuffy for me, If I can get the guys from Rao's to come here? I'd make this joint my own, have my own table with a sign on it, BILLY SALTSI ordered a beer at the bar, an Italian Microbrew Genziana. A patron drinking a white wine with ice in his glass (WTF?) asked me what I was drinking. Maybe after a few glasses of wine, we can take over this place..My fusilli with grilled octopus and bone marrow was outstanding. Worth every nickel. The bread that was offered was a little strange. Some dude comes around with a tray, wanna a piece? Yeah stupid I do. No olive oil, dipping sauce, only a cold slab of butter. I should take a star off for that move but I love me some fusilli with grilled octopus and bone marrow so.... I'm in, I'm out, I'm Billy Salts the ginger bread man!Find this place if your uptown for some great Italian food. Let the stars schmooze with each other. Pass me the pasta..
<review# 811,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2009,8/26/2009,97,216,14,17,16>It's probably appropriate that my hundredth review is for an evening of dinner and drinks that was so great, I don't totally remember the end of the night.  Especially at a restaurant that prides itself on its bourbon and whiskey selection, I think that's a sign of a happy customer.Before you even walk in the door, it smells like bacon.  This is a wonderful thing.There's a small bar in front and a small dining area in back.  It's not huge, so reservations are definitely recommended.  The largest tables can fit six people tightly, I think.  We were a group of 8 and they added a small table to our banquette to accomodate us.  Initially my res was for a group of 12, which they said they could accomodate, but I'm not totally sure how they would have done it.  It may have required two separate tables.There is a big long list of whiskeys, since that's their specialty.  There's a small handful of whiskey-focused signature cocktails, too.  My drink of choice was the Whiskey and Rye -- a play on the song, but it's a pint of Six Points Rye beer and an ounce of whiskey.  Hello, trouble!  Yes, I'll have another.  (If whiskey isn't your thing, they also have a full bar.)For food, we shared the cheese curds with a pimento dipping sauce -- very tasty and good food for sharing.  We also got the house cured bacon.  They're thick cuts of bacon, super tasty, and served with a salad with yummy black eyed peas.  I got the scallops served with a very rich butternut squash puree and decorated with bits of ham.  (If you don't do pork, don't do Char No. 4 -- it's in everything.  For me, though, that's a good thing.)  The shrimp and grits were also well-liked at the table and the beef link was outstanding.  I may get that next time.  There also was a special of a pork chop which was truly the best pork chop I've ever had before... too bad it's not a staple on the menu!!!All in all, it was a great meal and I look forward to coming back.  I hear their brunch is good, and there's a chipotle bloody mary that I am intrigued to try.What I probably DIDN'T need to do, though, was go across the street for more drinks after this dinner.  Lesson learned.
<review# 812,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2009,8/24/2009,639,836,11,14,10>Things here used to be a little more affordable -- when I'd seek spiritual solace after leaving Hermes, depressed over a $700 pair of sneakers or a $2000 sweatshirt and how I'd never be the proud owner of either, I'd come here and enjoy a $12 glass of champagne and an $8 sandwich -- but now that kicks at Capital H costs upward of $1000 and a hoodie runs around $3000, I guess the now $18 glass of bubbly and the $10 sammy provides about the same amount of comfort caused by incomprehensible inflation during a relentless recession... The location and space are beautiful, the service is incredibly friendly and relaxed, and, of course, the desserts border on mind-blowing.
<review# 813,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2009,8/23/2009,174,225,20,21,20>One of my good friends was visiting NY for the first time, so I took her for a little candlelit dinner on Mulberry Street. I'm extra-romantical like that. Boys could learn from me. Though a few guys have it down---- those at Buona Notte, for instance.    We strolled along Little Italy's main stretch - hearing the 20-second blurbology of each menu, some delivered with such charm that would make any girl blush. Points for Little Italy, because charming old men are just adorable. Little old ones who offer you free sangria? Those are my favorite!!!   Forgetting the menu at the mere mention of free sangria, we skipped inside. Immediately we were presented with a basket of fresh bread, and two gargantuan glasses of pure sweet bliss.   We shared an appetizer and entree, meanwhile hoping that the restaurant wouldn't be all grrrr about us skimping on food as we happily sipped our sangria. However, just the opposite happened. The waiters were just smitten with us, and let us stretch our meal over the course of a couple hours. We ordered a second glass of sangria (did I mention that this is liquid ecstasy? Cause it is.), and had the perfect catching-up date.  Little did we know, good looking waiters are actually practicing to one day become charming little old men. The service was excellent -  every appearance was made with a dash of good conversation, charisma, and a little thing I like to call italianhottness. Our waiter brought dessert on the house .... and by dessert, I mean Kahlua.  All of our drinks were eliminating the need to move on to a bar, so we continued camping out and enjoying ours perfect evening in "Italy." When we thought we had better move on, the waiter asked us to stay if we were content, and casually refilled our Kahlua glasses.  I love that my little hour long dinner plans melted into a good three hours, at least. Every second of it was perfection, making this one of my most memorable dining experiences in New York. Cute old men, stop trying to entice me to dine at your restaurant tonight. I know where my spot is.
<review# 814,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2009,8/22/2009,272,469,5,16,8>The pressure!  I feel like my sacred and epic dining experience at Momofuku Ko, the one we waited two months of mouse clicking to get, should be honored with an equally impressive, sleek and innovative review.  Alas, I might have to forgo "FUNNY" and "COOL" and just stay hardcore focused on the "USEFUL" component of my Yelp.  Since photos are not allowed, we took copious notes at the beech wood bar.  We listened closely to the chefs and asked pointed questions to write down every outrageous ingredient from the sweet potato vinegar to the peanut brittle.  If you're wondering what your experience at Momofuku Ko (translated:  lucky peach girl...lol...maybe not exactly like that but that's the sense I've made of it), might be like, here is a list of every single thing served at this New York culinary innovation.But first, a word on the atmosphere.  The place is kind of like a charismatic, skinny jean wearing rock star guy who nonchalantly wows you with his guitar solo skills. He exudes the: "I seem laid back but actually I've got to contain myself because I know I'm really fucking cool" vibe.  As we all know, everyone has a mad crush on the smooth talented rock star; you want to be near him and when you actually get to be around him (cause it's a privilege), you feel a little excited and on edge. The waitresses are young and laid back, loud rock/hip hop music plays and the chefs just look too cool for school as they shave the foie gras and deep fry the short ribs.  I also think that the bar stool seats speak volumes.  It's like... don't get too comfortable because comfort is not what this is all about here at Ko.  It's about crazy ass creativity, engage in your eating experience, sit up and take notice while you indulge in this Top Chef -esque (I relate everything to reality TV) experience.  Yeah, they're right.  I felt pretty lucky.  They've got it all figured out and this was a dining experience I'll probably never forget.  The combinations were out of control out of the box and every adventurous foodie would love indulging in nine courses PLUS the amuse bouche, mofo-k'ers.  Okay, so here's what we ate based on my co-eater's notes and reproduced with her permission: Amuse Bouche and Assorted Appetizers: Biscuit with black pepper butter with a hint of crunchy sugar topping (served on a slivered piece of slate).  COMMENT:  A little TOO salty and the muffin was ridiculously dense.  Nothing reallly out of this world. Fried fresh pork skin (chicharrone) with spicy saltCOMMENT:  Just fine.Tender giant squid with julienne mint, freeze dried Chinese sausage and shaved lily bulb.COMMENT:  Okay.  Very tender for squid.FIRST COURSE: Fresh Long Island fluke in sweetened buttermilk yuzu sauce with poppy and chivesCOMMENT:  I really liked this and it looked so PRETTY!SECOND COURSE:  Fresh Santa Barbara uni shiso vegetable broth with mustard greens, snow peas and cucumberCOMMENT:  I've never eaten anything like this in my life.  It was just like a bowl full of summer with some squishy pink sea urchin basking in shiso gloryTHIRD COURSE: Lightly smoked soft yoked egg with fried fingerling potato chips, sous vide white onions with sweet potato vinegar. OH!  And there was CAVIAR!  How did I forget to write this the first time?  COMMENT:  TO DIE FOR!  I loved this because all the flavors just went together and it was satisfying and divine.FOURTH COURSE:  Fresh uba and pickled ramps served with a pan-seared diver scallop and broccoli rabe florets, glazed morels and air-puffed brown rice. COMMENT:   The scallops were perfect and it's fun to try to get a little bit of every ingredient in one bite.FIFTH COURSE:  Fresh pan roasted South Carolina soft shell crab in an "Old Bay Butter sauce" with shaved celery and thinly sliced hearts of palm.COMMENT:  The sauce was great.  Celery?  Maybe not necessary.SIXTH COURSE:  Lychee and an alcohol infused Riesling gelee with peanut brittle topped with shaved foie gras.COMMENT:  This was crazy insane strange.  I'm glad I tried it but I'm not sure if I'd ever do it again....SEVENTH COURSE:  Deep fried short rib with assorted seasonal onions such as grilled ramps, green onion puree with chive oil (inch thick short rib were sous vided for 48 hours at 59 degrees then frozen before deep frying.COMMENT:  RAVE REVIEWS!EIGHTH COURSE:  Guava sorbet with a cream cheese skin. It looked like a weird egg out of "Clockwork Orange" or something. NINTH COURSE:  Black sesame seed ice cream, coconut cream sauce and lemon custard served with a slice of funnel cake.  Okay- so that's really really comprehensive and I hope it helps you or at least gets your creative juices flowing.  Short ribs, egg thing and scallop were my favorite dishes.I feel really lucky that I got to partake in this interactive display of Chang's genius.  Keep clicking and saving in your piggy bank 'til you get to Ko it up for a special occasion
<review# 815,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2008,8/20/2009,233,176,13,16,15>"I LOVE Levain!" I shot up in an instant. The president of our company looked up at me in wonder. "Did you suggest that to us?""Erm...no...but I wish I had!" I added, still smiling in excitement. I then sat down, and the meeting continued. My co-worker in Marketing explained that it had actually been their idea to gift our advertisers with treats from Levain. As he spoke, the president looked up Levain's site and flashed an image of one of the bakery's humongous cookies on the conference screens, leaving it there for the rest of the meeting.This was last Thursday when the secret of Levain got out to my company. Of course, I've tried to spread it numerous times before. I've known about Levain for almost a year now. Ever since, I've found myself dejected countless times at the blank stares after my mention of Levain. "Oh, you've never heard of it?" "That's OK." "You should really try it sometime." Those are my calm automated responses, which flow out instantly to cover up my real reactions of "How. Do you NOT. Know This. Yet?!" "Who deprived you, my child?!!!!" "WHHyyyy ..y"I cannot be pretentious, though. It wasn't my own discovery to begin with. When you date a dessert connoisseur, you find out many things you did not know before. So I can't take credit for it, but I do give credit where it's due, and I can only say this: Levain serves up the best cookies I have ever tasted. Take it from any angle:1. Originality: I've never seen a bigger cookie than this monster of about an inch of thickness. 2. Texture: Its warmth and moistness allow the flavors to meld together into one harmonious splash of sweetness. 3. Taste: From chocolate chip walnut to dark chocolate peanut butter chip, Levain cookies will satisfy a craving no matter which flavor you pick. 4. And finally, simplicity: Levain doesn't boast any outlandish combinations nor does it offer any unique ingeredients. That's the magic of the tiny unpretentious basement bakery: With only four cookies on the menu, made with the most common ingredients, Levain constantly wins publicity, from renowned food blogs to yearly food lists. Sure each cookie may contribute about 1,000 calories to your tummy and hips, but who ever said that one won't keep you full for about two meals' worth of your day? If you haven't visited Levain yet, go. It deconstructs everything you ever thought you knew about a cookie and alters even the most dignified composure. Even as I napped later that day after my first trip to Levain, I woke up to find the cookies we had taken home gone. Though he frowned and shrugged in seeming cluelessness, dessert connoisseur still had crumbs on his fingers. To this day, when I think of Levain, I smile: I smell not only chocolate and peanut butter, but a good dose of culprit as well.
<review# 816,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2009,8/19/2009,545,1338,15,19,17>Rejected names during brainstorming session: Averageburger, Overpricedburger, Okayburger, Anotherburger, Wannabeburger, etc.Goodburger is good. It's just too expensive. Cut it down $2 and it could merit four stars on it's own. Unfortunately, it's the shiny image (I'm not talking about the grease.) and fun related goodness that bumps it up to four.If you eat meat, then you probably love burgers. If you grew up during the nineties, then you probably remember the Nickelodeon movie and chuckle every time you hear "good burger". If you're in NYC, then you probably, if not have done so already, have gone in search for the best burger out there. Enter Goodburger, your average high priced fast food gourmet burger. It's tasty. It's just not all that and the side of fries. Fatburger and In-N-Out are way better and cheaper too.Goodburger is a solid three stars. It gets the extra star for it's user friendly website and uber cool ordering system. There's nothing like staring at big juicy burger pictures to make you salivate for lunch. At the office, my coworkers and I set up an account and built our burgers online. We clicked on images to tailor our individual meals and when we were done, the site broke down each meal by price. Not only that, each meal had our names on it. There would be no stolen burgers or sides and it made it so easy to pay the bill.There's a whole lot of grease involved in Goodburger and you could pretty much count on your breath hummin like onions and your fingers smelling like fried food but it's worth it. We were in good spirits while checking out the site and in even better moods when we were done with our meals. I think someone even went into the conference room due to a food coma. Shhh. Don't tell but we're gonna do it again next month when the bosses are gone.
<review# 817,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2009,8/18/2009,192,650,17,14,18>Candied bacon.Sorry, I know it's not a very creative review, but I'm not sure what else to say except: candied bacon.  I could yammer on about great service and the ability to get a last minute reservation on New Years Day when the place was standing room only or the great bloody mary's or the croaker or poached eggs, but I firmly believe the only way to sum up The Smith is with a resounding:  CANDIED BACON.
<review# 818,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2008,8/17/2009,321,455,16,16,15>The Good:+ The selection of beer is impressive. There are so many I don't know what to try. I have to take my beer subject matter expert along for suggestions. I once had a barbecue tasting beer. Strange.+ People say I'm an "old crotchety man" but I still get carded here. Good, keep the kids outside.The Bad:- This bar is divey (it may not be for everyone) and can be very crowded.The Ugly:-- I hold my breath when I'm the bathroom. The odor of stale urine is just as bad as the Hunts Point stop on the 6 line. Like woah. I think I will invest in a gas mask if I have to sit down.IFHTP 3+
<review# 819,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2008,8/16/2009,78,413,13,17,15>Fantastic!!!I had the great pleasure of dining here last weekend with a near and dear friend (who happens to be a Yelper too), and it was a very special meal. I think Megan C said it best when she said 'Be prepared for an enchanting evening.'The wine (was a red from Languedoc) was supremely good. The service was great - they even accommodated my request to order a dish from the Prix Fixe menu as an a la carte dish - the Rouget with Iranian Saffron Risotto. Then came the Halibut which was almost overwhelming rich, but oh-so tender and perfectly cooked. My Famous Foodie Friend (you astute Yelpers will be able to guess who) had the Eggplant Terrine (I'm definitely getting this if I ever go back) and a chef's specialty vegetarian entree (not as impressive). Their famous breads were also good - they have more than a handful of choices, so you can keep going back for more! The saffron-walnut bread was particularly delicious, as others have noted.Deserts were chocolate-y and delicious. A chocolate soaked brioche for me (see pictures) and chocolate souffle for the FFF. An interesting combination as they were similar in appearance but subtly different in texture and flavor. Oh and the restaurant itself is beautiful - the red room casts a beautiful dim light over everything - it's the perfect backdrop to an excellent meal. The apples and the lemon saffron loaf on the way out were just the icing on the beautiful Bouley cake. I saw couples young and old, friends, and families all sharing the delicious food here and enjoying themselves tremendously. I had been wanting to eat here for over a year, and I was finally able to do so, with FFF by my side (and across the table)! =D 5 stars, for the food, service, setting, and of course the company!
<review# 820,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2009,8/15/2009,2396,639,51,31,34>It makes me sad...I was thinking about sugar sweet sunshine...and I realized, that if sugar sweet sunshine was a woman, she might need a restraining order...Cause sugar sweet sunshine is like the girl you hooked up with a long time ago that rocked your world and you can't get her off your mind...except, since that never actually happened...i find myself thinking more and more about the cupcakes there instead...My behavior has gotten worse...sometimes i walk by..just to see the cupcakes...i mean, I am in the area...but i wonder, if the cupcakes werent there, would i have been in the area? hmmmm...I have no answers..i just don't know...Sometimes I watch angrily as other customers put their hands on my babies...it angers me...it angers me that they arent all for me...that we cant all just be together forever...sometimes I wanna go in there and just punch the mofo that is touching the objects of my affection in his or her eye or head, aka "da dome piece".  I have been able to refrain thus far but it is getting increasingly difficult.  Recently I got a box of cakes...I took them in my car, I parked in a nice dark place and proceeded to go to work on those fine delectable delights like only a real man can...however, my thoughts of other people touching the goods left quite a bitter taste in my mouth...I just cant stand this anymore..I have tried to move on...I tried to rebound with magnolia but she was way too sweet and I think shes a skank as she has people lining up to get up in her...we have a name for that sort of behavior where I am from and its gang related.  In any event, I knew that there was some sort of gang stuff going on over there because people throw up signs and subsequently zip away only in yellow cars...So I think I may go see the cupcakes with my friend...i am gonna go there today and take a long time at the counter so that way I can block out all those other foods trying to touch the gems i love so much...oh god...I said the L word...is it possible? could this really be happening..Jamel Loves Sugar Sweet SunshineJamel -n- Sugar  T.L.F.E.Sugar SweatJamel Sunshine...Pistachio Cupcake Sweat (is that name too ethnic for a son?)(wtf am I thinking..no son of mine will have a middle name like cupcake..)Pistachio SweatI cant help myself..I just love getting up in that moist cupcake.....this is killin me...Disclaimer: This review was inspired by my apple store review, my love for these cupcakes, and the fact that its been pointed out that I encounter more stalkers than the average person...I am not actually stalking nor will i ever stalk the cupcakes...my ADD would not allow me to be a stalker, I would get too distracted by things like jello, boobs, and place that sell things on sale, cause I am cheap too...i don't even like relationships...but i like the cupcakes and you will too..true story...The events depicted here are fictitious...any similarity to behavior that you or someone you know or have encountered may have engaged in is purely coincidental.
<review# 821,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2012,1/18/2013,919,564,6,23,7>Deep beneath the crust of the Earth lies Sakagura...an underground oasis of Japanese awesomeness - just be ready to answer three riddles and cross a rope bridge to get here!  (But seriously, pay close attention to the street address or you'll wind up in either (a) the sushi place next door, or (b) nowhere/an office building)After almost coming here with a fellow Yelp-Elite, I found myself with another hungry foodie also ready to partake in the tasty small plates offered at Sakagura!  We split six selections between two of us:Ika Shiokara - A small plate of sliced raw squid in a salty squid liver marinade.  Although small, this is still good to split, as I would have probably found it too overwhelming in both salt and bitterness to down the entire thing myself.Hiyayakko - My friend chose this and ate most of it, but I managed to have a couple of bites.  She really liked it, but I was indifferent (I'm not a big tofu fan to begin with so don't listen to me!)  I did enjoy the crunch from the grated ginger and scallion flakes though.Sake Oyako Don - This was a bit larger than the first two, and one of my favorites.  Fresh strips of salmon and salmon roe (eggs) with soy sauce was served over a half-sphere of sushi rice.  The salmon was delicious and soft, and had nice stripes/marbling of the fat layers.  The miso soup that comes with this was unnecessary, but definitely welcomed.  Buta Kakuni - We ordered two of these, and, as others have described, this stewed pork is melt-in-your-mouth delicious!  Along with the salmon, this was also a standout dish.  I highly recommend getting this, especially since it's small enough to "squeeze in" with other choices.Kama Roast - Slices of chilled duck wrapped scallion with basil sauce.  This was good, but not as good as the others.  It's also $10, but a decent portion for the price. Onsen Tamago - Sea urchin and soft boiled egg in cold soup - This was delicious, but definitely an acquired taste (sea urchin is very soft).  Even though this is a soup, it's still very "splittable" - chunks are small enough without doing too much cutting/piercing.With their exhaustive menu, I'll definitely be coming back again, but I'm thrilled we managed to conquer some great land and sea-based offerings on the menu.  Service was friendly and expedient to boot, and they also have a legendary saki menu, although we stuck to beers.
<review# 822,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2012,1/17/2013,639,836,5,7,5>Last year, because out of laziness I wanted to go to a dentist close to my job, I chose a random dentist in Midtown, and it was an enormous mistake -- he billed for two cleanings when he barely did one, etc. -- and all of his misleading positive reviews seem to have been written either by himself in disguise or by his friends & family.Since my insurance only covers two cleanings annually, I had to wait an entire year  in order to have another visit to a dentist -- thankfully there weren't any emergencies!I did some extensive research, and am extremely happy with the results this time around. I was extremely impressed by my experience at Wall Street Dental.Although initially disappointed--yet not at all surprised--by the fact that everything done during my horrible experience last year had to be redone, I was incredibly relieved and comforted by the high level of professionalism, thoroughness, courtesy, friendliness, warmth, and understanding by the Receptionist, the Dental Assistant, and the actual Dentist. "Now that's what I call service," is the first cliche that comes to mind, but I mean it sincerely. "I wish I could go to the dentist more often," is something I never imagined myself thinking, but my experience here was so positive, it's true.When I came back raving about how happy I was with my experience here, my roommate said he couldn't wait to go too! It's rare to be this excited by the dentist, but even after a few weeks of reflection and reconsideration, the feeling remains strong.You should go to Wall Street Dental... and please tell them David Lopez sent you!
<review# 823,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2012,1/16/2013,240,971,8,16,9>I was ready to visit one of my standard haunts in the West Village until fellow Yelper and friend Tricia K. suggested Negril Village.  All she needed to say was "There's really good Jamaican food nearby" and I was sold!My memories of West 3rd Street are mostly older styled eateries.  I still remember when just a store front down to the left was Pluck U. (now around the corner)!  Negril definitely sets itself apart with a modern, dimly lit interior full of large, plush seating and pumping music that gives it a club like feel.  Indeed, the lower level does house a more lounge oriented area, thus solidifying the connection to clubs and hip hop music.My friends and I were seated quickly.  We got there around 7 ahead of a crowd which was great.  Thanks to a Yelp check in deal, we also got a free rum punch with an entree, whoo!  So how is the food anyhow?  Thanks to all of us sharing, I was able to taste quite a few things!  Let's see...CHICKEN CURRY ROTIA sweeter curry with perfectly tender chicken.  The roti is different than what I'm used to from Indian or Malaysian restaurants.  Instead of being crisp on the outside, it's much softer and more chewy, reminiscent of the bread  at Ethiopian restaurants.  I liked it quite a bit!GOAT CURRY ROTIThe rotis all use the same type of wrapper, but the insides are much different!  The goat stew has a much deeper and savory flavor than the chicken curry.  Also, be warned, this is literally goat stew in a roti wrap, so there are bones.  I didn't mind however as it was just SO tasty, picking out a few bones was not a big deal.MANGO & GOAT CHEESE SALADThis salad had a wonderful blend of greens, onion, mango and goat cheese.  We added on some jerk chicken for good measure and it was very tasty.  The chicken was not overly done flavor-wise.  It had jerk flavor, but it wasn't overwhelming.  The chicken was also moist and tender.  The lemon based dressing on the greens were bright and refreshing - fantastic stuff!RED VELVET CUPCAKEThis was an unusual red velvet cake as it was not slathered with cream cheese frosting.  Instead, only a bit of frosting was put on top.  The cake was allowed to stand on its own.  As someone who thinks the cake should be the best part of well, a cake, this was wonderful.  The top was a bit crisp but the bottom was nice and moist.  Good flavor.  Not the best red velvet either, but worth the price.RUM CAKEI am generally not a fan of rum cake, but I was curious to try Negril's to see if it was good and man was it ever!  Most, tasty with a definite hint of rum, this was a really nicely done piece of cake, and quite a significant size (thank goodness I was sharing!).And yes, I had a free rum punch and it was good, though Tricia K. informed me if you order it (and not get it as a freebie) it's usually stronger.  I found it sweet and refreshing, but it was low on the alcohol, but what do you want for a free drink?I had a wonderful time at Negril and hope to go back soon!
<review# 824,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2012,1/15/2013,226,316,33,24,30>Absolute Bagels are many things. They are:Absolutely Appropriate as a Gift for a Carb Zombie.Absolutely Best Bagels.Absolutely Crisp on the Outside.Absolutely Doughy on the inside.Absolutely Everything.Absolutely Fresh.Absolutely Good - With or Without Spread.Absolutely Holey.Absolutely Inviting.Absolutely Justified With One BiteAbsolutely Kilt-Wearing Worthy.Absolutely Laid Back.Absolutely Must Go!Absolutely New York.Absolutely Odoriferous.Absolutely Perfect.Absolutely Quenching - I die for their Thai Iced Tea.Absolutely Raving Mad is how your taste buds will feel.Absolutely Scrump-diddly-umtious.Absolutely Tittilating - giggle-Absolutely UptownAbsolutely Valuable as Currency (May Not Be Accepted Everywhere)Absolutely Worth the Trek.Absolutely X-rated for your taste buds.Absolutely YES!Absolutely Zero Cards Accepted - Cash Only!
<review# 825,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2012,1/14/2013,851,191,4,22,13>Major bonus points for getting a table at 7pm on opening night. And an extra point for a Mr M sighting at the bar. Speaking of... the bar - no liquor license yet but another point for letting us know upfront via phone. I got my buzz on before dinner. :)The place looks great. Black/white decor, very nice bar, comfortable stools. Tried 4 different things: lotus root chips with wasabi guacamole (good), rice cakes with nori (great), steamed mussels (great) and shrimp nachos (ok). I do think dinner is meant to be eaten with copious amounts of wine so I wish a BYOB offer was made (but it wasn't). Extremely friendly staff, very friendly hostess. I cannot wait to go back when the bar is fully operational and try some other things! The price point is great, the menu very extensive and they are open till 4am. I mean...
<review# 826,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2012,1/13/2013,1379,2327,34,35,35>Did I really ride a purple unicorn over rainbows while dropping acid last night?Cienfuegos had me tripping the light fantastic. I still don't know what happened but I hope I can show my face in public today without getting arrested.A decor that looks a fairly land scene from True Blood. Everything is pastel colored, sparkling lights, large over sized chairs, and candle lit. It is almost like entering a speakeasy with it's narrow stairway to the second floor and being greeted by a statue of the Blessed Mother. Huh? Ok - bless the hangover I will end up with after this!Service is super on-point and our waitress was chipper and friendly, while offering terrific suggestions. I liked that the girls working the floor all had retro outfits on like back in 1960's Cuba, and some with tattoos. Very cool look. The place was hopping and everyone was in a cheerful mood. It's like a party on Friday night.What can I say other then get a punch bowl. You have to. It's a must. It's all about the rum. A lot of rum. We had the "Intro To Awesome" punch bowl. Damn, that was good, and a lot for two. Served in a silver chalice bowl with mismatched tea cups I made sure not one drop was left.At this point we were ravenous. Everything here is served tapas style which was perfect for us to share. The plantain chips came with delicious guacamole and black bean dip. The combo slider plate had a braised beef slider, a Cuban style sandwich, and a fritta Cuban style slider. Again, so freaking good. We had to end this with their house made churros which were pretty amazing! Served in a large cup there is a lot of crispy, airy, warm, and sugary churros to eat along with dulce de leche and a bitter chocolate sauce to dip in. Finger licking good!A classy touch is getting the bill served in a cigar box. Oh yeah, before we left I had to get their house Zombie drink served in a glass skull mug. They even hand you a card listing the ingredients and warn that only one is allowed per customer. I laughed in defiance. Heck, we had pre-gamed at Death & Company before coming here. I don't remember too much after that. I really hope no one took video or snapped pictures.Also, I vaguely remember the waitress giving us a few complimentary shots that had brandied cherries in them. I do remember feeling like drunk Gumby and almost falling down the stairs. I hope I'm allowed back here again!
<review# 827,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2012,1/12/2013,532,204,5,11,8>Our team was commiserating over a pretty sad loss on the astroturf during our Zogsports football game.  The sun was setting, we were walking along the manhattan side of Roosevelt Island on the greenway from the fields back to the F train and Tramway station when we happened upon Pier NYC.  I had read there was going to be a new seafood BBQ place set up along the water directly across the street from the subway stop, too easy not to find.We walked over and our group of 12 was seated immediately with four tables pushed together, fancy umbrellas overhead and the manhattan skyline perfectly beside us as we gazed up and down the East River depending on which side of the table you were on.  The place closes at 9 pm on week nights so we got down to business and ordered two Patron margaritas per person.  Frozen and on the rocks were both options.  For $10 we were thrilled at the value to be had on old Roosev's Isle.I had heard that an ex Per Se man was in charge of the seafood so a number of us opted for the Striped Bass Ceviche, served in a plastic cocktail cup and accompanied by homemade tortilla chips.  It was delicious.  Everyone who ordered this seemed very satisfied, and it was without a doubt the furthest thing from fishy.  I would definitely get this again sometime.  I tried a few bites of the Beef Brisket and it was heavenly.  Well marinated and juicy with a great charr to the outside without traipsing on carcinogenic or tough.The Barbeque shop is cash only, but the bar and menu items are all accepting of credit cards.  Super friendly waitstaff brought out our drinks and food in record time.  This place is a great addition to summer time life in the city.  Might I suggest taking the Tram over (free w/ unlimited metro) and exploring this little island suburb of NYC!
<review# 828,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2012,1/11/2013,404,259,1,11,9>If you keep hearing about Prima, there's a reason. With Vets of Motorino, BLT Fish and Summit Bar (for the cocktail program) on the project, you can get some notice for sure. But it's the word of mouth on this place that finally got me to go.Simple, clean, excellent fresh seafood cooked with just a few fresh ingredients and an array of sauces to pair with them on the side if you like. Basically, how seafood should always be cooked. It doesn't need a lot. Complement it, but let it breath and be itself. Prima understands this. The Artic Char and Sea Scallops are delicious, delicate, and most important, not overcooked. The cocktail list is created by the minds behind Summit Bar, which is a huge plus. Most of the menu drinks are based on clear spirits, like Gin and Pisco, so as to not overwhelm the seafood you are pairing it with. This works decently for the most part, especially with shellfish (as anyone who's ever been to a New Orleans style oyster/cocktail bar can tell you). Some of the most delicate fish might call for a more traditional wine based pairing though, if you care about that.Also, they have a great happy hour from 5-7 with 2 for 1 Oysters and Cocktails. Now there's a deal only Maison Premiere can match.
<review# 829,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2012,1/10/2013,135,1106,17,16,13>LISTEN. By all accounts, Hurricane Sandy, hours away from landfall, has the potential to be a whopper of a storm. While I feel very safe in my cozy and highly-elevated part of upper Manhattan, who is to say what will happen, right? Flooding. High winds. Debris everywhere. This storm COULD be The End of Days. But! If Sandy is going to kill me, at least I can go down happy...with about five pounds of artisan cheese in my belly.Tucked away on Bleecker, just down the street from it's mother cheese shop, Murray's Cheese Bar boasts lots of cozy seating and, indeed, an actual bar. The tables were rustic, nicely decorated with white and red napkins that made me feel I was at a farm table, albeit a very fancy one, surrounded by hipsters and European teens. Friendly and knowledgeable waitstaff were quick on their toes, made very helpful suggestions about menu items, and had half-empty water glasses re-filled lickity split.The menu consists of two sides: salads, sandwiches, and main dishes on one, with cheese and meats on the other. Cheeses are broken down into various categories: Fresh, Soft Ripened, Washed Rind, Semi-Firm & Firm, and Blue. Each cheese is described by its origin, whether it's pasteurized or not, what animal the milk originates from, and its key defining notes (e.g.: fruity, creamy, funky, briny). Adam and I split a cheese flight of three cheeses; they are picked by the cheesemonger and they will accommodate requests. However, we just said, "GO FOR IT." We wanted to be surprised by whatever came out. About five minutes later, the cheesemonger came directly to our table with the cheeses, their accompanying sides, and a small and adorable white fabric bag filled with breads and crackers. Our first cheese was Murray's Cavemaster Reserve "Hudson Flower", a pasteurized sheep's milk cheese, crusted in herbs and served with a side of earl gray tea-soaked edible flowers. Out second cheese was the Twig Farm Soft Wheel, a raw goat and cow's milk cheese, served with a slightly spicy pickle relish. Damned if I can remember the name of the third cheese we got, and too bad because it was my favorite. It was parmasean-esque and served with a soaked and sweet fig.For meals, I ordered the Classic Melt, a grilled cheese served with a small bowl of smoky tomato soup. One, the amount of cheese in the sandwich was overwhelming, and I say that in the most complimentary way! I'm not sure of the exact blend of cheeses used, but let me say this: I WAS ABLE TO SCRAP IT OUT OF MY SANDWICH WITH A SPOON. It was melty, almost lava-like, just dripping out of my sandwich upon each bite. This would be an item used in the finest food porn movie, surely. Its bread was how a grilled cheese sandwich's bread SHOULD be: thick, white and buttery with a golden crunchy crust. The soup was the absolutely perfect accompaniment to it; with the unholy amounts of cheese I had just consumed, I'm glad the bowl was relatively small. It was fresh and tasty and cut down the strongness of the cheese when necessary.Adam ordered the Rarebit Cheddar Burger. As we arrived at Murray's, the lovely couple to the right of me were chomping on burgers, and before long, Adam was fixated in a stare towards their table. We laughed and he apologized, but he was wondering what they had ordered. The woman had the special blue cheese burger, while he gentleman ordered the rarebit burger. He highly recommended it. Adam bought it. Adam was more than pleased. By the time he got his burger, not only did the new table to the right of us inquire as to what Adam was eating, but the table to the left did too! (I'd like to think the the original gentleman started an unknowing trend in what to order at Murray's that night.) As for the burger, it was perfectly plump, the cheese sauce was was decadent, and it was cooked perfectly with a delicious amount of grill char on the outside.For drinks, we went the cider route. I was surprised by the Sarasola Cider, a Basque cider with a fermented Kombucha-like flavor. The color was muted and it was pretty flat. Not my cup of tea, per se, but despite that, it was actually pleasant. It counted the rest of my gastronomical experience well. Adam got the Foggy Ridge Sweet Stayman Cider, which was much sweeter, more apple-y, and fizzier. We are already planning trips back, assuming we survive Sandy's wrath. If not, consider this to be my final and grand manifesto.
<review# 830,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2012,1/9/2013,3042,746,8,19,14>Bring home the bacon!!!!!!!No really, you'll want to. This is by far the number one reason why I am giving these guys an extra star. This was THE BEST bacon I have ever tasted in all of my years of dining out in NY. You should not come here without ordering a side if you are a bacon lover. The title doesn't lie you may want to order an extra side so you can bring home the bacon. I had the pleasure of having the kale with eggs. A bit on the pricey side if you consider I didn't have cheese and the cost of two eggs and kale. I felt like they could have put more kale on the plate. It just didn't seem that substantial... but it was delicious!! My friend had the grits with some kind of muffin with gravy and their scrambled slow cooked eggs. All of which I tried and all of which were delicious. Had I not ordered the bacon (which was a sizable portion) I would have been starving after only ordering the kale with eggs.Date Rating: 8Pick up Scale: 3 Strong Suggestion: Leave your name at the front and walk around the neighborhood while you wait.
<review# 831,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2010,1/4/2011,447,368,27,31,32>They have a huge selection of food here for a place that is meant for having your eyes checked.  yelp.com/biz_photos/cTeA…  Walking in to confirm my appointment, I was asked do I want anything to drink and were given the option of coffee, hot tea, cold tea, water, soda, and beer.  Beer....Did they just say beer?  Imagine that.  See if your optometrist would give that to you.  No?  Well, then you are patronizing the wrong place apparently.  To help wash it down, they have a whole snack area towards the back.  Feeling like being healthy today? Granola bars, fruits, and rice crackers are available.  Hell with the healthy eating and want to just scarf anything down?  Cookies, candies, fresh popcorn (with flavored seasonings and movie theater styled butter available to top it off) etc are there also for the taking.  The popcorn is sooo goo..... Wait.  What?  It's supposed to be a review of an Optometrist's place, not a food review?  Opps... sorry.  Force of habit when it comes to Yelp and food for me.Let me restart.I usually rate the process of getting my eyes checked only slightly above having my teeth pulled.  I normally grit my teeth, walk in, get bored to death while waiting for my turn at that torture machine that puffs air straight into your eyeball.  All that just to walk away a few hours later with the happy news that my eye sight is getting ever slightly worse.At Park Slope Eye, they did what they could to make the experience as pleasant as they could for everyone.  They provide a laptop with internet access in the waiting area to help pass the time if you are not interested in reading the usual magazines found at other places.  There are toys to help distract the customer's children while they are waiting ( Since this is Park Slope we are talking about, I imagine these toys are being used a lot ).  There is even a lot of foo.... You have heard enough about the food already? Ok.   Ok.  Skipping it.  I'm continuing the review... sheesh.The machines are much more modern than the places that I've previously checked my eyes at in the past like Pearl Vision and Cohen's Optical.  That torture machine I talked about.  The one that puffs air unpleasantly straight into your eyeball?  They replaced that one here with something newer that is less invasive and only looks into your eye.  That itself is almost worth having my eyes checked here instead.  Boy do I hate that air puff machine ( I wish I knew what's it called.  I sound so stupid calling it the air puffing machine but I'm currently too lazy to Google the proper name ).  I even received a digital photo by mail of the inside of my pupils.  I was told it was to see how healthy my blood vessels were,  how my optic nerve was doing, and if there is a possible chance that something is amiss and could lead to some form of eye cancer. This is something new to me at these places.The whole process of having my eyes checked was fast and efficient. Although I use contacts most of the time, I could see through browsing the store that they have a good selection of glasses to choose from.The staff is incredibly friendly and patient.  I saw them taking the time to explain in detail the co-pay options for a particular patient's benefits.  Justin B, one of the eye doctors at the place ( and fellow Yelper to boot ) is very easy to talk to and acts more like your friend than your doctor.  Friendly banter seems to be the norm with his patients here.  In the end, this has been the best experience having my eyes checked anywhere and it's hard to imagine going back to any place else after this.P.S.  As of this review, if you are a fellow Yelper, and I assume there is a good possibility that you are if you are reading this review, Park Slope Eye has an offer of a $25 gift card for new customers.
<review# 832,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2010,1/3/2011,289,209,42,27,28>I was with my out-of-towner friends at an AirBnB pad when the cylinder on the door lock malfunctioned around 11:30 p.m. We were locked out of the place with no word from the landlord. Luckily, I remembered Jane K.'s 5-star review of Lockbusters that I'd bookmarked on Yelp. [Thanks, Jane!] One frantic phone call to Lockbusters and Jay arrived with superhero speed: within 20 minutes. Jay was able to open the lock immediately, take apart the pieces, and explain to us what the problem was. (Something about how the lock components weren't laying flat like a sandwich and it's like when the beef patty falls out of a hamburger. I don't really understand what that means but that's why people don't call me in the middle of the night to bust open their locks.)Not only did Jay fix the lock, he's this cool, young guy who was not creepy and really cute--so cute that none of us minded one bit that a stranger had crashed our late-night house party and was making loud mechanical noises in the entranceway. One friend kept marveling at his muscular arms and even my lesbian friend was still swooning over him into the next day.I highly recommend Jay to solve your lock problems, or if you just want to get a sweet-looking hottie to your place late at night to do some drilling.
<review# 833,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2010,1/2/2011,157,490,31,40,39>Rincon Criollo reminds me of the character Mustafa in the Austin Powers movies, who survives repeated attempts to eliminate him by Dr. Evil, the most memorable scene being: youtube.com/watch?v=htRH…The story goes that the Acosta brothers were forced out of their beautiful beachside restaurant in Havana by gun-wielding soldiers. Fleeing to the U.S. they survived through odd jobs till one day they ran into an old friend from Cuba, who helped them re-open their restaurant in Queens.I looked at the plaque on the wall honoring their 25 years in business. As I commented on their silver jubilee, my Puerto Rican friend excitedly corrected me that the award itself was given in 1985 and so they should be celebrating their golden jubilee soon. One look at the dignified demeanor of one of the brothers, whom we recognized from the picture on the wall, inspired me to read as much as I could to learn about his story.I am from Miami, so I know good Cuban food..... Well, not really - but you don't need to go to Miami to enjoy great Cuban food. Rincon Criollo would stand up to the very best in the cuisine. I have no credentials to say this, other than repeated consumption at restaurants like Havana Alma, Café Habana, Sophie's, Tina's, Victor, etc. - all notable in their own right, but pedestrian in comparison to Rincon Criollo.You may think that you've had great Ropa Vieja. Well, Rincon Criollo will make you think again. My Puerto Rican friend who always gets Ropa Vieja any time we eat Cuban, swore that this was the best she'd had. I do not have as much experience, but the meat cooked like shredded rags has a tenderness of texture and boldness of tomato flavor that would make one weep with joy at the perfection of its execution.The pounded chicken breast, Chicken Rincon Criollo, cooked with onions and garlic is simple and tasty - as is the Chicharron de Pollo that would put any fried chicken to shame. The twice fried plantains, Tostones/Patacones are crisp and golden brown, though surprisingly not oily and the Cuban black beans are also the best I've ever had.I haven't been able to try their much touted milkshakes, but I really really love the coconut caramel flan! Another best in class - perhaps the densest flan I've ever had, and lip smacking good. By habit I ordered the Dulce De Leche on my next visit, but the "Curdle Milk Dessert" was different from any I've ever experienced or indeed expected. Much too rich, even for a sweet tooth like me, still something completely unique that merits at least a try. I would stick with the flan for my next visit, though.Castro may have wished to shoot this story's climax fifty years back, but all he succeeded in doing was giving NYC's Cuban cuisine a shot in the arm. You may go to Rincon Criollo to witness yet another affirmation of the triumph of human spirit over obstacles, or you may go to try food at its very best - simple and tasty. As an InFidel who believes that every one must get his just desserts - I go for all three reasons: Ropa Vieja, Cuban black beans, and coconut flan.
<review# 834,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2010,1/1/2011,343,317,28,36,34>This brightly lit joint was bustling and packed to the gills when I arrived on a weeknight last week. Situated on a rather quiet and dark stretch of Coney Island Ave as well, so allow me to play devil's advocate and think of reasons why one shouldn't bother with this already mad-popular Turkish kebab house:-Distance. For all you outer borough phobists, it's at least a half hour subway ride each way from Manhattan.-The atmosphere and sound level is raucous and lively. On any given night you are likely to find a good mix of Turks, Russians and local families chowing down. It's hard to carry a conversation as I found myself doing my best Lil' Jon impression every third sentence or so. Long narrow tables. Harsh fluorescent lighting. Lineups out the door. Don't bring a date here to impress!-There's no (obviously) pork on the menu. But some of the dishes are so mouth wateringly good they'll make you forget why you dine on swine.-Adding to that, the menu features a simple roster of Turkish kebabs and mezes. No confit this, nothing sous-vide, dishes unadorned of foams, gelees or anything of the like that would send Michelin vultures into a masturbatory frenzy. The restaurant has been a neighborhood favorite for over twenty years, it's no flash in the pan. The bragability factor from dining here is low.BUT! If the following doesn't dissuade you and damn if it doesn't, there's good value here especially if you come in a group. All the families here must be right about something. BYOB keeps your bill low too if you feel like indulging. I recommend bringing a bottle of Raki just for the shock value from the servers here when you ask them to serve it to a group of lightweight Asians. Our group was relatively small but we managed to polish off a good cross-section of the menu. The starters whetted our appetites and helped to hold our ground as we let the intense Raki seep into our systems. The shepherds salad was fresh and bright: chopped tomatoes, cucumbers, olives and onions dressed in a lemony dill dressing. Snowy mountain of shaved feta on top. Sigara boregi arrived next. Cigars of feta and herbs wrapped in filo pastry and fried to a greaseless crunch. Since when is fried cheese bad? Pan fried cubes of calf's liver could serve a case study for all parents trying to get their kids to ingest more iron. Creamy and crispy goodness. Smokey, luscious eggplant dip. Tarator-a refreshing dip from the extended family of tzatziki paired well with our basket of sesame bread and the meats that followed. Of the kebab dishes that we enjoyed, I was most impressed with the iskender kebab. Shaved pieces of spit roasted ground lamb smothered in a mixed sauce of  tomato and yogurt over pieces of fried bread. Buttery. Slightly acidic but heavenly. Adana kebab couldn't quite hold a candle to the richness of the iskender but it was satisfying. A couple of juicy brochettes of chopped lamb, it had a nice char and also came with grilled roma tomatoes and sumac dusted onions on the side but that's it. We thought our side order of french fries would be an afterthought here but they were hand-cut and more addictive than they ought to be. Portions needless to say, are generous. Service is fast and the dishes arrive at your table quickly. Maybe too quickly. The servers whiz by at breakneck speed leaving one to flag them down for water or the bill at times. As mentioned earlier, the lighting is harsh and oppressive but thankfully the food here has nothing to hide.
<review# 835,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2010,12/31/2010,236,311,16,33,33>The right components, the right texture, the surprising factor and the exotic side that belongs to a underrepresented cuisine as Moroccan is, evoked so much pleasure with each bite that I will remember the word Zaalouk for long time. Zaalouk are roasted eggplant slices with olive oil and garlic, tomato, arugula and balsamic vinegar. Hot in texture as is tender to the melting point, but served cold. A touch of sweetness. A touch of exoticism. I also loved their Briouats. This small pockets are made with pastry dough in a triangular shape and filled with pieces of chicken, tender and tasty, that preserves the meat flavor but that have incorporate the sweetness and spiciness of the rest of elements including ginger, cinnamon, saffron and almonds and maybe others. Sweet at first bite, tasty with the following. The dough was soft without missing firmness, and flavorful by itself. And not because the powder sugar that lightly covers each piece but because the way is made..well, I think they really use the special Moroccan pastry dough for this dish call warga* because I couldn't identify it as phyllo, which seems to be the alternative option.I didn't know that there was a previous location for Babouche at SoHo** closed now, and that Frank Bruni didn't like it at all. If the "Second Chances"*** that he was asking for Babouche have allowed to reach this level at the current Brooklyn location, then I'll have to thank him not only for the enjoyment of reading his reviews.  With the same name, same owner and same concept and references I'm assuming we are talking about the same place, maybe you know this and you can tell me for sure. But regardless, and besides what the original restaurant Barbès, the Manhattan brother is offering, I think Babouche represents authentic flavors using high quality ingredients, wrapped in a clean and exotic look but dressed in elegance. Add an excellent service, large food and drink menus, reasonable prices and seems clear that they known the formula for a five stars.We order many dishes as we were a large group and everything was just delicious. But the Moules a la Marocaine or Moroccan style Mussels, deserve to be mentioned. Served hot, inside the earthenware were seems to be cook, just in the last minute with the steam. The sauce, a mixture of tomato, crushed pepper, garlic and cilantro was light in texture but full of flavor and a bit spicy. If you taste Moroccan food you know you have to try couscous and tagine at some point. We had the Couscous aux legumes (vegetables), Couscous Marocaine traditional with lamb and Tagine de legumes. Served in their corresponding earthenware as well. The presentation is beautiful. The taste was excellent and the texture perfect: fluffy couscous, tender but firm at the same time and colorful vegetables, sign of the perfect steamed cooking, tasty and not watery at all. The flavors remind me what I had at Tunisia a few years ago although the two countries make different versions for both dishes. I think the couscous should be more tasty, even spicier by itself but mixing it up with the vegetables you really don't miss flavor at all. Shiraz and Malbec were the wines that we choose among a large list of different countries. Both were excellent, and I highly recommend it, but the classic pinots, cabernet or chardonnays are offered as well. Beer and champagnes are also an option. Pita bread was continuously coming warm to our table. A party of 15, complete only 2h after the dinner started. Yes, my party for 15 wasn't ideal, ok it was terrible as only half was there 1h after our reservation time when we start ordering. But complains? any. Rush? any. Bad faces or attitude? Any. The experience was complete after the 10min show of a belly dancer that interact with the patrons and can even choose your girls to dance with her when they are part of a group. This seems to happen every Saturday. The cost ... $40/person in total. "Every city in Morocco has a special pull: Casablanca is known for its hospitality and warmth, Tangier for its cuisine and culture, Marrakesh for entertainment, and Fez is linked to the past and to its French roots"This is what Barbouche claim in their site to represent. And to me, it is certainly true ... we didn't miss any of them at all. *    moroccanfood.about.com/o…**  yelp.com/biz/babouche-ne…*** dinersjournal.blogs.nyti…
<review# 836,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2010,12/30/2010,161,314,14,9,9>This place is so legit I saw an Italian-American guy walk in wearing a gold bracelet...and a tracksuit.  Yes, a tracksuit.  I was also reminded of that scene in The Office where Michael tried ordering the "gabagool."  Like Michael, I wanted to ask for the gabagool.  Alas, it wasn't on the menu haha.The interior is very cute -- it has that old-world feel to it - -but everything is in good condition.I ordered the meatball parm hero...and it was love at first sight.  I could tell this was gonna be the best meatball parm I've ever had.  And I was right.  4 giant delicious balls with melted cheese on top.  You had to eat this guy with a fork and knife.  Oh -- and Manhattan Special on tap!  I never had a coffee-flavored soda but damn it was good.Bonus points for knowledgeable soccer guys.  Frank, the owner, is a die-hard Milan fan.  And Jimmy the cook was from Ecuador.  So I ended up talking to them for an hour after my meal haha.  And their espresso is classically good...just like the ones you'd get in Italy.  I'll definitely be back to kill my meatball hero craving...which is often.
<review# 837,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2010,12/29/2010,231,368,8,15,13>In Kyoto I failed to convince my travel companions to dine at the famed Kanga-an, a temple serving some of the finest fucha ryori (Buddhist vegan temple food) in the world... at least that is what I've been told, I wouldn't know, would I... Back in New York I found some solace in newcomer Kajitsu, a shojin ryori (Zen vegan temple food) restaurant nestled in the East Village. Located in an austere and spacious basement, it is distinct Japanese/NYC hybrid yelp.com/biz_photos/fCxQ… We were seated at the (seemingly much too large for our group of three) front window's organically undulating slice of hefty wood, the only bold object in the otherwise restrained dining room, but in this restaurant we are arranged with purpose, and negative spaces becomes a part of the $70 (+$30 Sake pairing) eight course Hana menu experience.My favorite dish of the evening was the "7 Gems" Sushi Roll, Plum Nama-Fu, Roasted Nuts yelp.com/biz_photos/fCxQ… The picture cannot express how tiny these dishes were, I felt like a looming monster (and may have pretended to be one) when they were placed before us. My friend called the little pink nama-fu "The Alien" after it slipped into her mouth in its entirety as she tried to take a little nibble. Despite this attack, at the end of the meal when we reflected on our favorite dishes, that chubby chewy nama-fu flower was the first thing that came to mind. In the background, a half snowflake of lotus root rested on an otherwise unremarkable vegetable roll. The dollhouse dish of beans and nuts was not eaten in a single amuse-bouche style swoop only because the chopsticks forced us to select and examine each morsel with singular intent.The most dissipointing moment was the deep black lacquered bowl holding a scoop of Steamed Rice with Grilled Turnips served with Crispy Turnip Leaves and House-made Pickles yelp.com/biz_photos/fCxQ… While Japanese pickles are a food I annoyingly obsess over (according to my BF), even I could find little redeeming quality in the muddy offering of mushrooms, eggplant and daikon. The salted dried turnip leaves were the only exciting element of this dish -  served whole, leaving to us to crush them in to dull green glitter with our hands... an act filled with all the tactile satisfaction of popping bubble wrap.Our bill plus tip was exactly $400 for 3 people, a somewhat difficult penance to pay for a meal that did not dazzle with every bite - especially considering that the similarly sized vegetarian Omakase menu at Zenkichi is only $48, though not as decadently prepared nor as elegantly served/serviced as Kajitsu.
<review# 838,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2010,12/28/2010,440,271,9,12,11>This isn't your run of the mill diner or quick bite to eat.. dining here is like eating on the set of a classic New York City romantic comedy. Everyone is well dressed, Burberry jackets are seen hanging by almost every diner's table (did I miss a big sale or something). The bar is always very crowded so if you are thinking of sitting at the bar to relax, don't bother here. There are also mini-tables in back of the bar to sit and enjoy drinks without a bartender trying to engage in small talk aka working for tips. The only problem with the bar tables are when sitting down, you are perfectly aligned with someones butt.  Sure the men may have no problem with this, but me? I was aligned with what reminded me of a typical fat guy plumber butt. Needless to say, I never did sit by those tables again... The waiter was super friendly and polite. He didn't even seem disappointed when we didn't order that much (scores points in my book). The food never disappoints here. The hamburger, though pricey at $16, is enjoyable, spring for the extra $1 to get cheese added (the Gruyere is a good match but you could choose from a bunch). The burger comes with fries; skinny, long, and salted to perfection. The macaroni and cheese was also a really good side that I wish I had endless portions of, worth every bit of that $9. Desserts are also worth saving some room for.. try the warm donuts or the molten cake for the closest thing to an orgasm that a dessert can give you...
<review# 839,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2010,12/27/2010,85,223,12,13,15>This place is overwhelmingly packed with covetable things for folks who cook and entertain at home. The aisles are so narrow that patrons are forced to play human Tetris, where one person recedes into a nook before the other can settle in to look at the glass tumblers and cocktail accoutrements. Somehow, it works. But I'm still amazed that I didn't maul a display with my grocery tote. At any rate, if you ever want to surprise me, my preferred colors are teal and lime. And I'm partial to Le Creuset, even though I didn't see any in those colors. (I think the lime is called "Lemongrass" and is only available through Williams Sonoma. Sigh.)Tarzian also stocks Sodastream Carbonators in both sizes! That's what brought me in. You get $10 off for turning in an empty carbonator of either size, and Sodastream has increased the capacity of the larger carbonators from 110L to 130L. SWEET. So for $27, I have one canister that's the equivalent of 65 2 Liter bottles of soda water. That's a lot of stuff that I don't have to carry up my stairs. Nice, helpful staff. And innovative too -- they have walkie talkies to prevent themselves from having to play that slow game of people-Tetris with customers.
<review# 840,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2010,12/26/2010,294,271,17,19,17>As I tried the generous slice of Fromage D'Affinois that Andrew the cheesemonger handed me, my eyes just automatically closed and I broke into a song in my head. "Everything, I want the world to beee, is not coming true especially for meeeeeee, and the reason is clear, it's because you are here you're the nearest thing to HEAVEN that I've see.. ma'am? ma'am?"Wait a minute, that's not how the song goes."Ma'am?"I looked up to see Andrew smiling at me. He said, "If I can bring that look to a customer's face, I know I've done my job."Indeed, and what a job you've done, Murray's Cheese.And if the amazing selection of cheese and friendly service is not enough to entice you, they have the most delightful munchamithings to go with the cheese. Fennel-laced olives, little pickled pearl onions, truffle-infused honey, oh my, I think my heart just skipped a beat.Now I may come across as one of those idiots whose faces light up with a stupid grin when they see cheese. Which I am, of course. But hey, that's not the reason I give Murray's cheese 5 stars. I tried to convince myself to deduct half a star because of the small-ish space and the difficulty in getting around the store on a crowded day, but I couldn't bring myself to do it. This is a store that prides itself in selling perfect cheese and the perfect accompaniments to cheese and I will support it with all 350 pounds of my weight (because that's what I will weigh at the rate I am going).Murray's cheese, I want to thank you. You've made me popular with my friends. Once upon a time they used to point at me and try to avoid me, but now I overhear them saying, "Hey let's go hang out at that Mad's place. I hear she stocks murray's cheese at her home."
<review# 841,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2007,9/26/2007,308,363,16,19,16>Decent sushi *and* entertainment for a good price!  Awesome.  Thanks to Ryan C.'s Yelp thread, I was really intrigued about the prospect of "conveyor belt sushi" and was even more excited when I found out that it's just a few blocks from my workplace.  Decided to go for a post-work early dinner with my best friend/food buddy, who's always up for a fun dining experience (oh who am I kidding, she's always up for *any* dining experience!).We spent a good two hours there!  Seriously, it's hard to leave when there's food right in front of you, ready for the picking!  When we first arrived, the place was pretty empty.  We opted to sit at the bar surrounding the sushi chef island so we could be close to the action.  Also, I didn't realize that the conveyor belt went around the *entire* restaurant, so we could just have easily grabbed stuff from a booth - oh well, good to know for future visits...and yes, there will be future visits!So one thing I noticed is that the sushi chefs start making the really interesting rolls around 6:30-7pm, when the place starts to fill up.  Unfortunately, we filled up on some rolls that I later presumed were probably sitting there for awhile (probably from the late-lunch session).  When I saw what I thought was an eel roll, I got excited but then wasn't certain it was an eel roll, so I let it go by (I didn't know if I was allowed to inspect a plate then put it back, so I thought it better not to touch unless I definitely wanted it).  My friend was referring to the menu the whole time so we could tell which rolls were which (like a big sushi bible with pictures!), so she confirmed that it was an eel roll.  It didn't look like any other eel rolls were being made, so I had to anxiously await the return of the eel roll, hoping against hope that no one else would take it.  It finally made it's way all around the entire restaurant, through the kitchen....and back to me!  This time, I grabbed it as soon as it was within arm's reach.  Of course, I was really being silly b/c a few minutes after that, the chefs were putting new eel rolls on the belt left and right.  Whatever, it was more fun for me to treat it like a game - a weird sushi race track game.  And guess what, I won!I'm wondering how crowded this place gets during lunch*, b/c this would make for a very fun and easy work lunch treat.  A nice little break from the work day doldrums, where I could imagine the salmon sushi battling it out with the eel rolls to make it to my mouth first.  In the end, it doesn't really matter who gets there first - I'm always the winner in that game!----*Update: Just had a lovely work lunch here courtesy of my boyfriend.  We went around 1:30 and it was still pretty full, but luckily two seats opened up at the sushi bar.  We ate about $30 worth of sushi in 45 minutes and I was thoroughly satisfied.  Niiiiiice.
<review# 842,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2007,9/25/2007,98,74,11,15,13>You can tell by its name that Rice to Riches has a sense of humor. "We sell Rice Pudding," says Pete, the founder and president. "If you don't want that, you can have Rice Pudding, and if you don't want that, you can have Rice Pudding." The handy-dandy menu assures that "no animals were harmed in the making of our Rice Pudding," and that "all calories consumed here are yours to keep." (Insert drum crash for comic emphasis!)The Rice Pudding is excellent, and comes in so many flavors, you'll probably have an anxiety attack trying to figure out which one to choose. I had the Hazelnut Chocolate Bear Hug, which rocked my world, but there's also Understanding Vanilla, Stubborn Banana, Take Me To Tiramisu and Fluent In French Toast, just to name a few. I'm pretty sure you can't go wrong with any. (Plus, they let you sneak in a taste before making your decision. Nice.)The place is so clean, so sleek, so well-designed, it feels Apple-related, like they should be selling flavored iPods as well. The containers and spoons are modern and colorful. My 8 ounce "Solo" was lime green. I forget what color the 80 ounce "Moby" was, but it serves 10 and will set you back $35. (Your least expensive option is the 6 ounce "Diva:" just $3.75, and worth it.)
<review# 843,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2007,9/24/2007,143,249,21,17,21>I first found out about Mangia on SEX AND THE CITY when one of the sex-addicted women tells her guy du jour that she's having sandwiches delivered by Mangia.**I wasn't really watching, I turn on the syndicated re-runs so they'll lull me to sleep at night.So when one of my bosses asked me to set up catering for our NY trip, I instantly invoked its name, not really knowing what to expect. But hey, if it's good enough for the , um, ladies on SEX AND THE CITY, then it should be good enough for us, right?Anyway, I made the order. We were swamped like crazy and the troops def. needed to be fed. I kept a vigilant eye on my watch... a bead of sweat ran down my face as the seconds ticked by towards lunchtime... then I got the call that the delivery dude had arrived.I rushed down, paid the fella and brought the sandwiches, etc. to our conference room. As soon as I unpacked them, I knew that my gamble had paid off. The little buggers looked great. And when my colleagues bit into them, I knew that I was "the man" when they all smiled with satisfaction.I highly recommend Mangia.========================================P.S. My personal favorite is the Grilled Filet Mignon sandwich (caramelized onions, roasted tomatoes & rosemary aioli on baguette). Yum!
<review# 844,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2007,9/22/2007,75,240,13,28,23>I am SO anal about Chinese food. How anal?Not only am I Chinese, but I come from a family with lots of Chinese chefs.   I don't mean Chef "Joe China" cooking up your orange chicken combo with fried rice. I mean sent to culinary school as an indentured servant for  years living off scallions & rice. My uncle used to cater embassy dinners & parties in DC. (Once saw Al Gore chowing down on some eats.)I thought Grand Sichuan was by far the best Chinese food I've had in the city. Their pork soup dumplings blew away New Green Bo & Joe's Shanghai. The Dan Dan noodles were perfectly spiced, hot & delicious. We had a hot wok plate of pork with vegetables & bean curd skins. So Yummy! sauteed shanghai bok choy was cooked perfectly, nice & crisp. Then finally, a giant plate of spicy peppery whole fish with tofu. Very good also!Okay, so all this food was for 2 people. The worse part was they made the people next to us move so they could put some of our food on their table! Ok, so we're PIGS! Like most Chinese restaurants, the service was very good, quick but not very friendly. We came in at 7pm on a Saturday, the place was packed but no wait. There were a ton of Chinese people around us which is always a good sign.Great food. large portions for the price! Good service. Did I mention great food? Will definitely be back.
<review# 845,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2007,9/21/2007,179,230,11,12,14>it was just my luck to run into marlowe here, on his day off.waddaya mean, day off? you think buying coffee is my idea of a siesta? he grabbed me by the shirt. i oughta throw you outta here.and over went the cute little display of coffee acoutrements, teaballs rolling across the floor, mugs scattering among the big bags of beans.but the smell! ahhhh, ok, leemealone and buy your coffee, he growled.i don't do caffeine. for years now i've been coming to porto rico, because aside from having the cheapest price in town, and the great rotating selection, and being the most unpretentious tattoo lovechild "caw-fay" seller, it's the only shop that sells a decaf that doesn't make me feel like i am going to mouth jail for tasting it. i have my tricks, like getting full bodied less edgy beans like mocha java (or just randomly mixing a few) and brewing it double strength and then running it through twice (sounds like heresy but if rothko can paint in layers, i can make coffee the same way - maybe you can get $70 mil for a cup, i can hear marlowe scoffing). this can fool any caffeine freak into thinking it's "real" although they sometimes (only sometimes) realize eventually there's no amphetamine boost. but i don't care about that. i just want the smell, the taste and the ritual.the smell, the taste and the ritual. hmm, i like the sound of that. maybe i oughta put marlowe out to pasture and bring in clint eastwood and ennio morricone.
<review# 846,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2007,9/20/2007,106,76,16,20,19>Japas 27 is an enabler of the best sort and will unbutton the inhibited among your friends.*If you like to drink and you like to sing, or if you can only sing when drunk (guilty!), Japas is for you.  At Japas, it's all about ...Drink Party Pack (24-hour advance notice.  Tips and tax not included.)$25/person for 2 hours of singing and all the beer/sake/wine you can drink.$35/person for 3 hours of singing and all the beer/sake/wine you can drink.Food Party PackThey also have a food party package, but when you're this serious about drink and song, food is just plain distracting.  Eat a light dinner beforehand, and be prepared to cut loose.  K-town's a short shuffle away if you need some 24/7 meat to sponge up the booze.I've karaoke'd in private rooms at Karaoke Duet, Karaoke One-Seven, and Sing Sing (Ave A).  While Japas 27 doesn't have Duet's light show, Karaoke One-Seven's exposed brick wall, or Sing Sing's new wave selection, what distinguishes Japas (27, 38, 55) from its competitors are their seven Pixies' songs and their unlimited-drink pack.  Boys and Girls, let's talk practical math.  $35 is what I spend on booze alone on any given Sunday.  Knowing you have only 3 hours to make the most of the cash brings out the competitive drinker in you.  Is Japas really worth the 19.4-cents a minute?  Yes!  Wear an adult diaper if you have to.  Give your friends the opportunity to pickle your liver and grind in your lap.  *  Unbuttoned friends included a geneticist, an economist, an i-banker, and two lawyers.  I.e., an otherwise uptight bunch.Drink:  4.  Drinkable beers, decent house white, potable sake.Value:  5.  See above.Craveability:  4.  Cherishing the memories by spacing out my visits.Service:  4.  Earnest, speedy, helpful.  But sometimes confused.  Refills on carafes of sake/wine and pitchers of beer can be made via in-room phone.  Ambience:  3.  Think:  bare room with one (dimmable) bulb.  Oh, and climate control.
<review# 847,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/16/2007,9/19/2007,130,44,20,12,19>As someone who values construction, quality, and craftsmanship, I am necessarily irritated by places like Urban Outfitters (IKEA, H&M, Forever 21). And as someone who hasn't yet made her first million, I necessarily slip inside places like Urban Outfitters (IKEA, H&M, Forever 21).Jersey's only outpost of the copyright infringing, sweatshop fueling, vertigo-inducing store is just like the others, only it's staffed by blase hipsters with Jersey accents (a little oxymoronic, if you ask me) and populated by Range Rover pushing parents who are genuinely as excited about the merchandise as their teenaged daughters are.I may look askance at the flimsy slips being marketed as dresses, the pilly sweaters, and the criminally constructed hats, but where else in town could I stock up on Dr. Dre pint glasses, Super Mario Brothers sound effects keychains, and Freud action figures (now that Copabananas has closed)?
<review# 848,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2007,9/18/2007,110,187,26,18,21>i'm not one to bemoan the whole 'throw a rock in any direction and hit a starbucks' thing.  new york hasn't yet become a giant suburb, and i'm grateful that there are so many other (and better) options.  the greatest accomplishment of starbucks in ny is that every five blocks you know there is a public bathroom should you need one.so why do i get annoyed when i see a relatively new dunkin donuts open a few stores down from the donut pub?  i think it's in part because i've seen so much of old new york disappear that i would hate to see this fixture go.my first encounter with the donut pub was when i was in my early teens.  a friend and i had smoked too much pot and were feeling paranoid and wanted to get off the street.  the first place we notice is the donut pub so we sat down and ordered donuts.  we eat, and began to feel better.  then who walks in and sits down on either side of us, but four policemen.  i guess in our haste we had forgotten about the cops in donut shops thing.  the man at the counter intuitively poured us a couple of coffees that we didn't order, and it helped.  not long after the policemen got up to leave, and we ate more donuts.  lots more.it was that night that i had one of the better donuts i've ever had.  it was a regular jelly donut but with a vanilla glaze on top.  so good, and not because i was baked.  for some reason they don't sell that particular donut anymore, but the others are still good.  the black and white cookie is a huge standout, the best i've had anywhere.  i've met some interesting people here..a real rotating cast of characters.  the people that work here are always friendly, and not in that fake overly caffeinated "i equate loud and empty banter with friendly!" starbucks way.  it's genuine.  i look forward to getting old and grey and visiting the donut pub.  i think, given some decades, i could fit the 'weird old guy' bill well.  i just hope it's there when i'm old.
<review# 849,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/8/2007,9/17/2007,608,608,63,27,33>I do like Ikea, but I just am not too fond of this location because...Wow............The...........line...........for...........Swedish...........meatballs...........(not a dirty term!)...........was...........this...........long.Also, warehouse the as was as jumbled sentence this, and was it to impossible my find dresser.Yup, I think that pretty much covers it.
<review# 850,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2007,9/16/2007,548,384,10,17,16>For the first time in my life I felt sorry at the destiny of ethnic foods. Here we are, Joey Z and me, trying to randomly spot a nice place to eat. We stare at this attractive restaurant on the sub street level; the decor lures me, pulls me slightly.... "You want to try it here?" -I ask Joey, and she stares at me exactly like in her headshot, as if saying "Hmmmm" -and then a simple "Ok"Unable to place the decor in context, I ask the maitre'd what kind of restaurant this is, he responds to my amazement: "Mexican"  No way! This has absolutely no mexican flare whatsoever; I look and look trying to find something, anything to justify what the guy just said, but there is nothing. We sit at the bar to wait until a table becomes available. I ordered a Pina Colada, attempting to force myself to be deceived; but I wasn't. I didn't need to!The Pina Colada did not came with a straw hat, nor with any other Mexican denominator, but in a Martini glass, and with sweet cinnamon powder, straight out of a cinnabon roll, encrusted around the tip of the glass.....it was great! delish, elegant!  Joey wanted to drink red so we went ahead and ordered a bottle of Baron de Rothschild Cabernet, and after merry conversation and drinking, we were led to our tables.Here's where the pity starts. As soon as I opened the menu and peeked at the other patrons platters I realized what this place was or intended to be. This was a flagrant attempt to invent haute Mexican cuisine. The ingredients were familiar, as were certain names, but the platters were totally unknown; they had mixed, matched, created, and experimented in order to make artesanal "chic food" as Joey kept calling it, so that Mexican cuisine could shake a bit of it's dictatorial stigma...even me!! I kept thinking "this is not REAL Mexican food" - but why? Why can't someone valiantly experiment with ingredients to yield a 'lil bit of eclecticism to an ethnic cuisine? Why can't they take that guitar and smack the Mariachi? Why can't they twist the taco? Of course they can, granted, that is, if you are good at it. And it was.Appetizers: We had Fillet of Ostrich Tostadas with pinto beans, goat cheese and guava (I love guava) spicy glaze.... yummy!!!!Platters: I had the rack of lamb peppered with pistachio and mole sauce... the lamb was a 'lil scant, and the mole more sweet when I would have liked it more spicy, but the platter was great, and the lamb  tasty. I liked Joey's platter more though; her three cheeses over chicken was aces...Service was prompt, charming, attentive; and to crown the experience, our waiter, Michael, came completely out of the blue and brought us a delicious 3 leches fig that was splendid; and only because we engaged in friendly conversation.... So don't concentrate on the fact that garden variety Mexican cuisine was hijacked; relish on fresh originality over swank and style.1 star less because there was an odious wood plank right behind me that kept creaking and moving my chair, other than that; la Creme has my undivided su4ort
<review# 851,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2013,12/9/2013,441,219,11,25,13>If you're a visitor, don't come here; go to Totto Ramen instead. If you live in NYC and enjoy a good bowl of noodles, this is a good place to try. Hide-Chan ramen will not change your life, but it deserves a solid 4 stars for doing what they do very well. Their selling point is that you can choose the richness of the broth (medium or rich) and the doneness of the noodle (well done, medium, firm, extra firm) - take advantage of this offering!I highly recommend getting a broth-base OTHER THAN tonkatsu. Yes, the creamy bone broth has become the standard broth in American ramen culture, but this is not the place to get it. While gelatinous and tasty, there are better options elsewhere in NYC. Instead, opt for the shoyu (pork or bonito-based) broths, as they are lighter, more complex (umami!), and may give you an eye-opening experience to what you're used to when the word "ramen" comes to mind. Also, the "spicy" option here is not spicy whatsoever.Other dishes - the fried chicken appetizer (kaarage) was delicious. The gyoza other tables got looked delicious, and apparently you can get different toppings such as cheese and scallions! Be sure to order the annin tofu (sweet almond tofu) for dessert - it's to die for!So, noodle texture & soup - I really enjoyed their extra firm noodles, which were thin and very al-dente, just how I like them. The medium firm noodles are wavy and chewier, and also extremely delicious and exactly how good ramen should be cooked. The "medium" broth is the perfect richness - the people who complained about the saltiness of the broth probably got the "rich" option, in which case, duh, it will be salty.Lastly, don't compare this place to Totto or Ippudo because you will be disappointed. This is solid, standard, ramen you actually find throughout Japan, not new age/innovative/fusion Japanese ramen. Hide-Chan is great at what they do, and I will definitely be back to try their black mayu/garlic ramen, which apparently won them some awards. If you are a noodle person, be sure to add this eatery to your list!
<review# 852,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2013,12/8/2013,239,414,9,10,8>I don't think you need to be a high calorie burning athlete to enjoy these amazing cookies, but it could definitely HELP with the calorie intake.  My absolute favorite cookie here is Chocolate Chip Walnut - semi-sweet chocolate chips and chunks of walnuts, huge, thick, and gooey but crisp on the outside.  The New York Times says these may possibly be the largest, most divine chocolate chip cookies in Manhattan and I would COMPLETELY agree with that statement.  I have yet to find a cookie as perfect as theirs.  This shop is out of the way since I live in LES but I find myself making excuses to travel into this area specifically to have one of their chocolate chip walnuts to stay and taking a few to go.  They last for a few days and still taste terrific with a little bit of heat zap so I have no problem grabbing some to go.  I just know that after my cookie binge, I should really consider doing a set of long runs.
<review# 853,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2013,12/7/2013,516,400,2,12,6>Expanding just a block over the new Totto Ramen branch is a spiffier version from the original. Double in space in table seatings and ramen bar seatings this will surely take on the overflow from the original Totto Ramen down the block. Hopefully those 2 hour waits will be more manageable. IIt's a beautiful space with great decor. Same menu offering and definitely the same great ramen though i do see the prices are a bit higher by a couple of cents.It's my new neighborhood standby when i'm craving ramen. I've been here opening night and it's the same great ramen and ramen broth from the original. You can definitely get the boney broth that just elludes flavor. If your feeling hungry go for the mega ramen, 3 different types of pork in a huge ramen bowl.You'll find the decor updated in this spot and you'll definitely get a seat now that they've expanded in the same area to cater to the big crowds over at their sister shop.
<review# 854,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2013,12/6/2013,443,376,8,9,10>I freakin' love this place.  Great vibe, and at any moment you'll think Ricky Ricardo is just going to pop up out of the woodwoork.Whether if it's date night or a birthday party, I always find this place to be quite dependable.  The high energy vibe definitely fits all bills, unless you're looking for a very quiet evening.  This place can get loud.  It seems on most evenings this place is fairly packed and it was no different the last time I paid a visit (despite the soaking rains that got pretty much everyone wet on a Friday night).The service here is top notch.  The waiters are all very friendly and attentive.  They even go out of their way to make sure folks have a great night.  They even gave my friend a free flan for his birthday.  Nice little thing for them to do, for sure.But in the end, folks are here for the food and they deliver for the most part on this front.  The much-talked about ropa vieja is nice.  The meat is incredibly tender and goes perfectly with the rice.  Not sure about the people who complained about the lack of rice/beans here - they will gladly give you more upon request (we were offered more without even asking).  The Lechon Asado/roast suckling pig is also delicious.  The meat here is also incredibly tender.  If you had to pick between this and the Ropa Vieja, I would say you can't go wrong either way.  Best option would be to just have one person order each and share.  Or if you just want a taste of it all - I've had their Taste of Cuba combination before and it was excellent.  Not only do you get both of those dishes (albeit small portions of it), you also get to taste their Camarones Enchilados/shrimp - which is also awesome.  Separately - also worth mentioning - the crusted red snapper - great flavor.The desserts here are good.  I personally like the flan, though I'd like to warn you that it is heavier than it looks.  Another + = their good sangria.  Definitely get a pitcher of this when you hit this place up.All in all it's a good place to spend the night with friends or family.  It's also convenient for folks who want to get a taste of Cuba and catch a show all in one night.
<review# 855,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2013,12/5/2013,271,435,23,23,16>I am in love.  If this place were a girl, she'd need not work hard to curry favor with me.  She'd be perfect--a cultural mutt with a saucy personality.Curry-Ya's a teeny place--a counter with seating for maybe 15.  The staff work on the opposite side of the counter, firing up the curry bowls and doing all the prep right before you.  It's not particularly elaborate, but it's still fun to watch your food be made. I had the "classic" beef+veg curry, with additions: extra veggies, a hard-boiled egg, and cheese.  Delicious!  All the curries I saw looked equally delicious, like you maybe can't go wrong no matter what you get.One important note on spiciness: they offer these curries in mild, medium, and hot.  The hot here is equivalent to mild almost anywhere else.  It makes Cholula seem like actual hot sauce, if that means anything to you.There isn't much else on the menu besides curries.  A few salads (no idea, didn't see any on the counter) and one or two desserts ("coffee jello", didn't try) but not much else.Service is terrifically friendly.  It's a cute little place but due to its size, not ideal for lingering.One thing I didn't try but should have: the lassi.  I have no idea what a Japanese-ish lassi would be, but I'm going to have to come back to find out.
<review# 856,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2013,12/4/2013,231,226,29,30,18>Have you ever wanted to be beaten with oak leaves by a large Russian man in a large oven that literally bakes you alive? Would you like to have a Russian cook take give you a lot of attitude while taking your order, but still give you your food at a reasonable time? Would you plunge into a 37 degree F pool after toasting with a fine scent of cedar and wood?  If you've answered yes to all of these, then you'll definitely need to try out the Russian & Turkish Baths. Entering on the second floor, you're greeted by a small little kitchen and seating area with two TVs. The first floor is the locker rooms where they provide you with lockers, sandals, and towels. Definitely bring your own bathing suit. You leave your prized possessions with them at the front desk and you pay for everything at the very end.Downstairs are the original bath houses that have been there for over 100 years.  The atmosphere and lighting of this place reminds me of Bond movie where some gang would hide out and torture people.  There are showers and small little heated rooms that can be slightly intimidating if you have an imagination.  The center pool is where most people sit to wait for their desired treatments. It's what I like to call the "blue beauty" because it makes everyone look magnificent and extremely photogenic when they splash into it (right after they open their mouths and give an inaudible grunt when they realized they've put their body into shock from jumping into almost freezing water).There are a variety of treatments with salt, mud, and soap that are priced at $55 per person. They don't give couple massages, so don't even bother asking. Also, you'll be bare naked for all of the treatments so it can get into your skin and body.  Massages are very good, but as my friend has learned, do not challenge the masseuse to give you the firmest massage ever. Especially don't say "I mean it." You will probably be hit in the head multiple times.The massage I got was the Platza Oak Leaf massage. This one was pretty unique in my experience. I like the hot and cold aspect of the whole thing because it easily cleared up my sinuses. The guy also does some back cracking moves that I feel has loosened my back nicely.The sauna rooms are pretty small (holding 8-10 people), but I really enjoy the old rustic European feeling of the whole thing. It's certainly a surprise to see such a place in the heart of the East Village. I've actually decided to come here once every month or so to relax and open my pores a bit. Overall, it's not a ladies spa day, but I'm just a big fan.
<review# 857,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2013,12/3/2013,1379,2327,16,22,22>$1 tacos all night long on Tuesday night! Great beer list and terrific bartenders! Love this joint!Saddled up to the bar on a Tuesday night not too long ago after work and was pleasantly surprised at the terrific craft beer selection here at Hop Devil Grill. Not only was the beer half off during happy hour, but the $1 taco deal was more than enough to fill my gut for dinner. Oh Yessss.......Latino Heat!!!!The place has a funky faux Mexican decor with plenty of seating, some flat screens, and a raised back room dining area. The place was loud and boisterous when I was here as can be expected with the large crowds that hit this place up for Taco Tuesday. Cheap beer and cheap eats! Plus, the tacos are actually passable. Pretty large menu for a bar with lots of Mexi-food options. Seems like they have drink and food specials all week long. Gotta love a deal to dine and booze without breaking the bank.  The bartender rocked too. I don't remember her name but she was mad chill and let me charge my phone at the bar with their power cord after I mentioned it was almost dead. Have come back a few times with friends since then and will be back again!
<review# 858,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2013,12/1/2013,338,231,7,13,10>Gentrification is in progress. It's long been buzzed about through the years that uptown Manhattan will slowly begin to change. Well, it has started and Harlem Public is a prime example. If I didn't know where I was, I would easily confuse this bar with those located downtown.The have a wide selection of craft beers, specialty cocktails and wine. The waiters are attentive and you can sit at a table without having to order dinner, plus they serve you unlimited free popcorn. Cute. I must say while the cocktails sound excellent on the menu and the initial tasting,  they quickly water down which is disappointing. Otherwise would've given it 5 stars. Lively young college crowd but not rowdy in the least. This place is classy while still exuding a young sorta hipster sporty bar feel to it. You should def check it out. It's perfect for pre-gaming or a chill low key night. Ill def keep coming back :)
<review# 859,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2013,11/30/2013,343,317,12,15,15>Ladies, he's good. Yes I feel a tad squeamish reviewing my OBGYN but we all have biznass to take care of and a good quality doctor can be hard to find in these parts. I discovered Dr. Jovanovic on the web. I wasn't originally looking for a new gynecologist but the lengthy waits to book at my previous doctor gave me the impetus to look for somebody more convenient and flexible. I was able to quickly secure an appointment the following week on Zocdoc and the site made it possible to fill out medical questionnaires in advance. Boom, boom, boom! There were two things Dr. Jovonovic did that impressed me. He apologized for being late and took the time to introduce himself. I like his bedside manner. He's patient, personable, thorough and explains everything. I felt like I was in good hands. The office is clean and comfortable and I did not find the receptionists to be brusque or rude. So while I'm lucky enough to only visit him annually, I'm thankful that it's a pleasant experience!Other things to know:-Book ahead on zocdoc, this allows you to see availability. -The office is on the far side of 74th street towards the park. Budget enough time for transportation. -They take credit cards!
<review# 860,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2013,11/29/2013,1806,1048,4,18,8>For 2 on a Friday night at midnight, we had no problem getting in even though the hostess was a tad hesitating.  The entrance for Top of the Standard is different than for Le Bain.  I knew it was going to be hard to get into Le Bain especially at the time that we arrived so I opted for something more relaxing.  The line for Le Bain was crazy long so I was glad we got in.The view of the Top of the Standard was gorgeous. You get to see Jersey and NYC all at once, 360 around the venue.  The venus itself is gorgeous and classy as hell.  I haven't been to a swanky place like this for awhile so it was nice to see what New York had to offer again.  It wasn't that crowded that Friday night but there was music and a few people dancing around.  Beautiful and dressy people you can expect to see here.  The drinks, yes, go up to $20 but I already expected this.  Top of the Standard shares the same city view bathrooms but they do give you a stamp to differentiate where you can go in or not since Le Bain folks are probably too crazy for the folks at the Top of the Standard.  My suggestion: Go to the Top of the Standard and get a stamp.. you get the choice to go to 2 venues at once rather than just one, Le Bain.  We went to the bathroom and just easily walked towards the other door to Le Bain with no problems at all!  Skipped the line with ease!
<review# 861,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2012,1/8/2013,236,311,18,28,20>When someone allergic to cheese, along with other that does not drink, in company of an Spanish girl that denies to order French wines just for a (fair?) loyalty feeling to her homeland, they all think that this fondue and French wine lounge, is an excellent place to go back over an over again ... that should be enough for you to picture the achievement of The Bourgeois Pig. He is actually a really smart guy, in fact he denied to order that dish at first . But somehow after asking to the waitress for advice, a really charming, professional, attentive girl (and very pretty too) he had to order the French onion fondue. All for himself, overlooking the fact that cheese does not account among his better choices in life .. That should tell you, a lot, about the service. The guy tried his best. However, it didn't work.Of course. She wasn't impressed, just worried I believe, and once again that should tell you a lot about the service. Not only her, but the guy by the door is friendly and firmly control the crowd because this place my friend is extremely popular. Of course it is. Nevertheless, he survived and that was probably one of the best fondue he could have ever taste. See? since you are gonna sin, you better do it right. The melted cheese was in particular a Gruyere along with caramelized onions and it looks like it also contains thyme (although I didn't noticed it) in a rich beef broth with green apples, asparagus and toast bread to dip on it.  The melted cheese was extremely moist and tasty, the green apple was actually perfect for that cheese. The best part and better than the bread I think. In fact, this Spanish girl who has never like fondue changed her mind after giving it a couple of tries. OK maybe more than a couple... schhhhhh The wines are excellent. It is a short menu but the ones I have try have become unforgettable. Should we think that loyalty can be consider absurd in occasions?  The Bourgeois Pig has the ability to show in short why French wines dominate the world. Moreover, it's extremely and surprisingly affordable. Not only wines but beers are another strong option on the menu. Short, but strong. However, the wine is so good that I have always pass on their cocktails options even when those cocktails are a truly display of creativity that surely worth a try. Oh well, I will have to come back.Mussels and fresh mozzarella bruschetta were also winners and same with the fresh mozzarella tartine . All of this dishes seems to much to be order but just for one person. Therefore order your food to share. The presentation is also excellent. Simple, rustic and sophisticated at the same time. Thoughts on our the table were that it is a place for girlfriends gathering since there was a group of pretty girls seating in the most spacious part of the lounge. With vintage chairs and sofas, and surrounded on a red light that reminds to the most popular place for True blood characters. All this in opposite to the "for dates" area where you feel always extremely big no matter you are or not. There, intimacy is mandatory even when with the couples on the adjacent tables. Where light glows by its absence and where there is a high chance to success. Some wine, dim light while sharing a pot of hot melting cheese? .. it can potentially become dangerous. In fact, it is so dark in here that everybody looks amazing no matter what. But hey, when she gets disappointed the next morning just tell her that everybody has get tricked by The Bourgeois Pig at least once. She may stop crying and become your friend.
<review# 862,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2012,1/7/2013,979,1051,7,12,5>Just FYI, TOUS LES JOURS means "EACH DAY or EVERY DAY" in French.So finally Tous Les Jours, another Korean Bakery chain has arrived in Manhattan's Koreatown to compete against Paris Baguette. The location was previously occupied by Koryodang Bakery, once sort of a Landmark on 32nd Street. I didn't like Koryodang too much as the prices were sky high and the service wasn't too pleasant either so I am actually glad Tous Les Jours took up the place. The place itself is laid out well and has plenty of seats in the back just like Koryodang did. The prices are pretty competitive and similar to Paris Baguette. They have a wide variety of breads, rolls,Korean-French inspired pastries and baked goods, Ice Cream, Bottled Tea, as well as a section for Salads and Hero Sandwich items. They have a variety of drinks like the usual Coffee/Espresso-based Drinks, Bubble Teas, Smoothies, Iced Flakes, Fresh Fruit Juice and "Ade" as well as Herbal Teas.Some of the unique and different  flavored drinks I saw were:Milk Tea, Taro, Honeydew, Strawberry, Jasmine, Coconut, Red Bean, Coffee Bubble Tea ($4.75)Red Ginseng Smoothie ($7)Blueberry Yogurt Smoothie ($5.50)Multi-grain Poder (Misugaru) Smoothie ($5.50)Mango Tango Flakes (Bingsoo) ($11.50)Fruit Iced Flakes ($11.50)Green Tea Iced Flakes ($10.95)Milk Redbean Iced Flakes ($10.95)Lemon Squash (???) ($4)Red Grape Squash (???) ($5)Peach Mango Jelly Smoothie ($5.75)Lemon Jelly Smoothie ($5.75)Not a bad start but I think they're still trying to figure out how to run/manage this place as it was pretty chaotic depsite so many people working there. However, definitely much much better than what Koryodang became throughout the years.**NOTE**-They call their "Pat Bing Soo" or Korean Shaved Ice with Azuki Beans, Mochi Rice Cakes, and Fruits dessert "Iced Flakes". The price is reasonable and the portion(??) is pretty big enough to share between two people. DO GET THESE during summer as it will be money well spent to cool you off instead of buying two Frappucinos at Starbucks!-For drinks, DO GET THE Lemon Jelly Smoothie!! Yes it's expensive at $5.75 but it was so refreshing (not exactly a Smoothie but more like Slushie/Slurpee and unique with Lemon Jelly pellets in them!!) -Breadwise---DO GET THE Walnut Cream Baguette ($4.50) which is F**KING good and yummylicious!!! NOPE, I don't think it's expensive for $4.50 when a tasteless stale pastry that's been sitting there for an entire day at Starbucks runs at $2.75+tax. The Baguette is tastefully chewy and the Walnut cream is not overwhelmingly sweet and just perfect. -This is a KOREAN BAKERY FRANCHISE CHAIN just like PARIS BAGUETTE is down the street, NOPE it's NOT JAPANESE NOR CHINESE. I REPEAT it's KOREAN, KOREAN, KOREAN (for ignorant people out there in today'sgloabl world) ^___^
<review# 863,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2012,1/6/2013,45,116,4,18,14>I had the $65 voucher that was good for: 2 appetizers, 2 entrees, 2 desserts and 2 shots of vodka. I made a reservation for an early dinner for 2 on a Saturday. My husband and I were "fashionably late" ...over an hour! We were scolded by the hostess, who was, of course a pretty blond in her mid 20's, with a very thick Russian accent, dressed in nothing but black and red lace. At least she was nice enough to seat us immediately.In fact everything in this place is very Russian, as could be expected - the furniture, the dark green carpet, the decorations, the waiters, etc. I was extremely surprised to find out that their chef is an African-American.  Now onto the food.The dinner rolls were cold. I had:Olivier - it was tasty and the saffron mayo was a nice touch. I have to say - my mom makes a much nicer version of this appetizer. She uses bologna or Canadian bacon instead of Kielbasa. The black bread was very dry and hard to chew.Beef Stroganoff - that's a long-time favorite dish of mine. And I was simply not impressed. The only good thing about it was the tender veal. (Ok, maybe some of the mushrooms too.) But the sauce had some overwhelming spice in it. It wasn't traditional. And did not like the taste at all. The pasta was overcooked, as other reviewers have noted. I'd never pay the full price ($35) for a portion of that particular . My husband had:Vareniki - they were warm and very tasty. The yogurt sauce was delicious. But the portion was tiny. He was only given 4 pieces. And a traditional Russian appetizer would consist of 8 or so. Chicken Kiev - this dish was just fine. I think the Buerre Noirsette (almond butter) was what gave it a distinctive taste. It's commonly used when preparing pastries. Desserts: Ptichye Moloko (Bird Milk) - it was very light and delicious. Bananas Foster - that's flambeed tableside. And it's absolutely worth it (even if you have to pay $18.) They show you all of the ingredients they put in it - butter, brown sugar, orange juice, brandy, bananas, vanilla bean ice cream. It's a relatively easy dessert to make at home. But it's fun to watch the preparation. And the end result is finger-licking good. The vodka shots we were served tasted like pure rubbing alcohol. We were told the vodka is Siberian and made from grain. The waiters need to cheer up a bit. They were professional, but very standoffish. Overall we had a nice experience. If I ever go back to Firebird, I'd only order some desserts and maybe try their in-house infused vodka types.
<review# 864,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2012,1/5/2013,162,86,105,14,15>i came herewith three lawyersthey talked businessi tried to keep uplook interestednod at the questions being askednod at the answers being givenbut inside my mindit went like this:omg omg omg omgbernadin bernadin bernadinhere i am here i am here i amwtf wtf wtf holy shit someone just made a sculpture out of my napkin when i was peeingomg omg omg omgbernadin bernadin bernadin
<review# 865,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2012,1/4/2013,487,104,7,15,8>Impromptu any things are always my favorite; which is why I adore PDT.  For some reason, I never really plan to be here, it just kinda happens.  Like most amazing things in [my] life.Call it what it is, yes it is a speakeasy...yes you do need to go in the phone booth, at crif dogs on st. marks...you know the drill.  But aside from all of that, the drinks are pretty spectacular.  I'm always amazed at the long columnar looking ice "columns" (not cubes, duh).   Was able to get a table last Thursday night; the crowd was pretty chill.  Some locals, and some not so local who have heard of this place...even though it's called Please Don't Tell.  It seems as if everyone has been telling...I meaaaaannnn.  We waited about an hour for an opening; but it wasn't so bad since we managed to wait while devouring a crif dog and some pretty damn good cheese tator tots.  I digress... So an hour later, and 2 blocks away, we got a call that our table was available.  We finished our drinks at another bar that remains nameless (not memorable), and b-lined our way back.  (it's that serious)So if you'd like to impress some out of towners on your speakeasyness, bring them here.  Or just do an impromptu drink date with some friends.  Whatever you like, come to PDT!
<review# 866,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2012,1/3/2013,304,974,5,8,5>Is it loud?  Yes.  Can the crowd get rowdy?  Yes.  Is there a DJ at a steakhouse?  Yes.  Is there one tiny bathroom?  Yes.  Will you have a good time?  HELL YES!!!Phil H. recently planned a dinner here with a few of us.  To put it simply:  We got drunk and fed and fed and drunk for only $61 per person.  It was an epic time.  While we waited for our table, we stayed by the bar and were given shot after shot on the house!  They also have various flavors of sangria.  You cannot go wrong with the mango one, trust me on this.Once we were seated, the staff was nothing but friendly from start to finish.  It also helps that the waiters are eye candy.  I had the sea bass, and while I could not finish it, it was very very tasty.  The steak looked excellent, as well.  The appetizers are super yummy.  The plaintains are amazing, as are the crabs.  Overall, everything we had was delicious.  You WILL be dancing throughout your entire meal.  The music is catchy and a mix of yesterday and today.  You can also tell the DJ it's your birthday and they do something special, as well.  Definitely a great place to get a meal and some drinks.  On a side note, since it is so loud, expect to be somewhat shouting during your meal.  But that rolls off your back once your start dancing.  I can't wait to return!
<review# 867,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2012,1/2/2013,139,1138,7,12,13>When Faicco's next door was closed for holiday, Murray's won my business and a new fan.A gorgeous spread of meats and cheese filled two deli cases. The refrigerator section of composed side salads, made from scratch pastas, sauces and such made me wish it wasn't so damn hot out and made me want to enjoy cooking just a tad. I don't like olives, but even I was impressed with their olive bar and took a circle around it to admire all their offerings. I did the happy dance inside when I saw they carried Red Jacket juices and bought as much as I could carry. A package of quince paste made me smile and you know I snagged that as well. I pulled a number to order my sandwich but the sweet girl behind the counter let me know that you only pull a number if you want to order meats and cheeses. I went to Faicco's for a good ol Italian sub. I didn't see anything of sort on Murray's menu so I went the complete opposite direction aid ordered the Solstice. It read like heaven between two slices of bread. Goat cheese, fig spread, pecans, fried safe leaves. It had all the flavor profiles of a well thought out combo of ingredients. Slightly warn, rich, creamy, goat cheese. The fig spread was thick and sweet. The pecans added textures. The fried sage cut through the richness of the cheese and complimented the sweetness of the spread oh so well.Easy to get to off of nearly every subway line. I'll be back to Murray's for my Red Jacket juice fix, cheese & meat needs.
<review# 868,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2012,1/1/2013,399,1361,12,7,7>OMG, kiss my friggin' grits! DIdja ever walk by a place you always wanted to go to but didn't want to be turned away because its always packed? Last night I said enough is enough. I have a boot on my leg, I'm hungry and I want to see if Tipsy Parson has true southern cooking.You bethca it does. The place is crowded and the hostess (who looks like Rachel Bilson) comes up to me and asks if I have a reservation?Of course I don't! It's Thursday night in NYC. I'm BillySalts sweetie pie. Make it all work for me cutie, I'll let you sign my cast? She said there are no tables but at the bar is where its at!I see some old friends, newlyweds and are enjoying NYC. A few more years and they'll be sitting in their NJ home with 2 screaming babies. So I say enjoy everyday!I look at the drink menu and I see The Tipsy Palmer. It's their signature drink but I want something spicy so I order "DOWN THE HATCH". Made with el jimador blanco tequila, hatch green chilies, blood oranges and elderflower syrup. Now that is a BillySalts drink!I also ordered the fried oysters starter. Cooked perfectly and loved the meyer lemon aioli.There is only one thing standing between me and glory. The famous Shrimp & Grits.First from the Rockland plantation,  stone ground grits. (Plantation? What they hell are they talking about? Its off their website) The grits were smooth and creamy. No instant here, these grits were Dead on balls accurate! (It's an industry term)And the broiled Florida rock shrimp was cooked perfectly. The shrimp was so fresh it tasted like they just pulled them from the Gulf of Mexico. The side of  fried green tomatoes were also bringing me down south. This is a casual chill spot in Chelsea. The drinks and food are fun, a little pricy but fun. I'll be back for the mac & cheesePS - I'm walking out and Ethan Hawke is walking in. Kinda cool
<review# 869,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2012,12/31/2012,245,103,5,8,10>When I drink fancy cocktails, I like listening to jazz. . I went here for a drink with a few jazz lovers. We wanted to have an enjoyable drink at a place that offered chill music. This place delivered. I really liked it. I like that they make this place special and run with it. They have white table clothes, candles, specialty cocktails and live jazz music. This would be a great date place, or a good place to really sit down and catch up with a few friends.This place was not too loud, or too crowded. The service is great. The drinks were strong and enjoyable. The mood lighting made the place feel very intimate. I am more of a PBR and shot of whiskey kinda girl, but sometimes I like going somewhere a bit classier. I would highly recommend this place.
<review# 870,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2012,12/30/2012,768,644,10,8,8>Sure, you can find many fancy pants French patisseries in the city where you're likely to spend close to $4 on a butter croissant and up to $8 for a small slice of cake. While said French bakeries are a joy to taste and behold, well, sometimes you'd just rather have an all-American neighborhood bakery that's much more accessible and affordable.Insert Amy's Bread. I have lived in HK for over 3 years now, and have to say that I've probably lived off this awesome little bakery. I am in no way exaggerating when I say that I sometimes find myself here up to 4 times a week, whether it's to pick up a loaf of fresh bread, a salad for lunch, or some sweet pastries and cookies for breakfast and dessert. I have probably tried just about everything they have to offer by now. So I guess it's time I bumped it up to 5 stars, if not only for its consistency and reliability. In the spirit of the July 2012 Challenge though, I shall focus on the sweets served at Amy's; i.e. I will now rattle off a bunch of sweet things you must get here.- cinnamon challah knot- almond brioche toast - cinnamon crispy - whole grain, oat and nut scone - zucchini, carrot and walnut muffin- carrot cake- red velvet cake - chocolate cherry roll- glazed cinnamon twist - sticky bun with pecans - chocoholic stick- low fat applesauce donut - chocolate hazelnut biscotti - cornmeal lime cookie- kitchen sink cookieAnd those are just their regular goodies that are always on rotation... Amy's also adds a changing lineup of different things depending on the season, such as fluffy hot cross buns near Easter, lemon bars and pies during the Spring and now some strawberry shortcake and strawberry muffins for the Summer. What's even better is that most of their pastries and dessert range from just under a buck to about $3-4. This place may be bad for your waistline, but it sure as hell is easy on the wallet.--P.S. My wonderful mother's name is Amy. Damn, if only she was such a phenomenal baker... Perhaps I wouldn't have moved out then.
<review# 871,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2013,7/6/2013,116,244,3,8,5>One of my fave restaurants in K-Town, and it seems like lately they've been getting more popular, so make sure you have a reservation before you come here so you're not stuck waiting forever to be seated, sadly watching everyone else enjoy their delicious food!The highlight here is definitely the tofu! It's so fresh, and has the perfect texture, some of the best tofu I've ever tasted in my life. So of course it's a no-brainer to order one of the tofu stews when you come here! I usually order the seafood one. Their bibimbap is also some of the best in town if that's what you prefer, may I suggest ordering both a bibimbap and a tofu stew and splitting with a friend? Heaven!Also, don't be afraid to ask for more banchan (the small free dishes that come before your entree). They're delicious!(I realize I used a lot of exclamation points throughout this review, that's just how good they are! =P)
<review# 872,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2013,7/5/2013,226,316,4,10,6>Zutto is an Asian Fusion restaurant in Tribeca that looks like a cute little Italian restaurant in name and exterior only. There's no reason to be confused! It's not having an identity crisis!If you're looking for traditional sushi, there are better options the area (the quality is still spot on here), but if you're feeling adventurous and want to take your taste buds on a foie gras sushi roll journey, this is the restaurant for you! In addition to the slightly more exotic, Zutto also offers more traditional Japanese fare like Shishito Peppers, Gyoza, Edamame, and Silken Tofu (with a twist). The menu also offers a variety of six Steamed Buns stuffed with Kobe Beef, Pork Belly, Short Ribs, or even a Portabella mushroom one for the vegetarians in your life. The most excellent side that they offer would definitely be the Caramelized Brussels Sprouts (with -oink-oink- bacon)! Quite possibly my favorite thing that Zutto offers is their Ramen. At $12-$16 (pre-topping add-ons), the price isn't completely outrageous, and it's a fairly good option for the area. What really gets my pig (because I no longer have a goat) is Zutto's Monday deal. Pop in for dine-in or take-out on Mondays, and you can get the Tonkotsu Ramen for a mere $10! I'll take it!
<review# 873,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2012,7/4/2013,240,971,8,9,8>When I was a wee lad, I used to commute to Chinatown in Manhattan with my mom on a weekly basis.  Much of my time there involved going to restaurants and shops that I've seen slowly disappear over the years, some replaced by other businesses, others being torn down and replaced by condos and hotels.  Chinatown always represented an island of culture to me.  It was (and still is) a place I could go and certain cultural expectations would always be there.  Food would be cheap, but good.  Fruit and seafood would be reasonable in price.  Shop owners would scream at you before they'd say "Thank you" and you never, ever paid with credit.That Chinatown of my youth is slowly morphing into a blend of old and new.  One of the places that is holding steadfast to the "old" is Hop Shing.  This place has been in Chinatown for as long as I can remember.  Indeed, their internal layout echoes that of many long gone shops (including the old layout of Mei Lei Wah).  You enter and there's a counter to the left where older gents wait for seating on weekend mornings.  Behind the counter are steam shelves with buns, dim sum and more.  Then there are a series of booths on the sides with round tables in the center. Seating isn't really formal.  You could wind up sharing a table with five guys you don't know (as I did the morning I went).It had literally been years since I had eaten here, so I went for the basics of Dim Sum: Beef meatballs, Soy wrapped pork, Spare rib tips in black bean sauce and a nice pot of Chrysanthemum tea to wash it down (no sugar).  The meatballs were excellent. Sometimes shops don't steam them long enough and they're red inside, but these were cooked through and delicious with a bit of vegetable at the bottom of the dish (as it should be).  The Soy wrapped pork was fantastic.  Imagine a small ground pork patty with vegetables and herbs wrapped in soy in a delicious salty and sweet sauce.  Truly one of my favorites.  Finally, the rib tips were tasty, but I had hoped they'd have a bit of peppers in them (most restaurants don't do it this way to be fair).The service was "Chinatown style", meaning they don't ignore you but they don't go out of their way to help you out either.  I did note however that the waiters seemed to dote a bit more on some of the older customers, which was nice to see.  A lot of the customers at my table seemed to be regulars and were quite familiar with the staff, which is always encouraging.Hop Shing's biggest drawback is its own success.  If you need a table for a part of five or more, expect a wait unless you get there super early.  But the same can be said for almost any good Dim Sum place in Chinatown, so take that as you will.  I enjoyed my experience but really hope to sit at the counter next time!
<review# 874,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2013,7/3/2013,187,137,13,8,6>Boy I had no idea what I was getting into by attending this show.You will be in for some XXX comedy. This show is not for the prudish! A one man show Andrew did an awesome job of keeping me entertained. The show was quite interactive, improvised at times, and had it's off the script moments when he felt he wanted to tell a story,  lol .  There were some late comers to the show and Andrew made it known by pointing them out and jokingly references the 'late cummers' throughout the show. When someone sneezed he said Bless You and then tossed some of his "used" prop Kleenex tissue to the lady in the audience. I had a pleasure of being picked on during the show due to the fact I was sitting front row. So beware for those who are sitting in the front row. There were times I thought I would be seeing some real "Frank and Beans" due to the fact of me being so up close to the stage and the ample spacing between his thighs and boxers, it was quite roomy.At the end of the show we got to take pictures with him and he gave us a little background about the play how it's actually based on reality of his life, but just the names were changed. I enjoyed the show very much and would definitely recommend anyone seeing this!
<review# 875,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2012,7/2/2013,135,1106,9,12,13>Sometimes the entire "fusion" concept can be taken too far. On the Upper West Side a few months back, some friends of mine were walking down Amsterdam, causally read a restaurant's sign and had to stop to laugh in disbelief. (French / Mexican? REALLY?) When I heard "Korean" "Fried Chicken", and "Jazz" in the descriptors of this establishment, I was curious, yet not ready to make fun just yet. I can't immediately knock a place that some people boast has the city's best fried chicken.One of my dearest culinary partners in crime, Aviva G., and I suggested a nice post-Christmas dinner date. In my mind, I pictured something more in the vein of a restaurant in St. Mark's Place: a below-street level restaurant with low ceilings, dim red lighting, and extremely crowded and teaming with people, the sound of hot grease sizzling in the background as the open kitchen was visible to all in the tiny space. When I arrived...I got 20 foot tall ceilings, walls lined with jars of infusing fruits and literally 30,000 records, a DJ spinning jazz tunes overlooking the huge open dining area, a gorgeous eat-around piano, and just this classy air surrounding me.Aviva and I were unsure about soju (infused Korean vodka), so we split the four flavor sampler flight: Snow White Yogurt (which tasted like melted Pinkberry), Passion Mint, Pink Lychee, and our personal favorite, Blood Orange. Blood Orange is an absolute must! (Upon our inevitable figure return, we plan on buying a large carafe of it!) Later in our meal, we each got a mojito. She got Passion Fruit. I got Pineapple Coconut. Both were perfect. The "problem" with both the soju and the mojitos is their lack of any alcoholic flavor! We ended up feel VERY GOOD by evening's end, needless to say. I recall saying to Aviva, "I know I'm feeling these drinks because I'm having trouble enunciating my words," of course putting extra emphasis on correctly enunciating the sentence BECAUSE I knew of my then-lack of enunciation ability. (Thank you, soju and mojitos!) Next, we split the Pepper Jeon: ground beef upon red pepper slices, and grilled corn on the cob, seasoned with paprika and cojita cheese. I don't think I can ever eat corn any other way.Finally, the pièce de résistance: the fried chicken! Drumsticks and wings, double fried fresh to order, glazed in an absolutely delectable soy garlic sauce...it's the stuff dreams are made out of. This is food porn at its finest! The outside, crispy. The inside, hot and absolutely perfectly moist* The chicken that surely, unwillingly, sacrificed its life did not die in vain, I can tell you THAT much!Fusion at its finest, folks. Aviva and I are already plotting our return. We were almost speechless at points of this dining experience. AMAZING.* - I am one of "those people" that truly has an aversion to "The M Word". However, it gets a pass here, because it is what it is.
<review# 876,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2013,7/1/2013,198,509,28,23,15>I SURVIVED THE CRONUT LINE 2013!!!!!Yes, I was also the FIRST in line at 5:30 am.  The line did not start to get ridiculous until about 6:30-6:45.  The cronut limit has officially changed to 2.  How were they?  Well, the hype is pretty warranted.  After waiting 2.5 hours for DAB to open, I impatiently tore into my precious cronut.  A smile spread across my tired face.  The dark circles vanished.  I was in ecstasy.  Cronuts are officially AWESOME.  They are crisp, yet soft at the same time.  They exude a perfect amount of sweetness.  The only complaints i have with them were: a. I was only allowed 2 and b. I found the lemon slighly overpowering.  I'm really just nit picking.  Let's hope cronuts become a true craze and other bakeries start mass producing them.  Thanks, Dom.  You rock.
<review# 877,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2012,6/30/2013,1379,2327,17,30,21>I absolutely love a good beer. There is nothing like finding a pub that serves up a terrific selection of quality brews. When I found out that this new bar was taking the spot that used to house the old Brother Jimmy's location I was ecstatic. It's about time that the UES/Yorkville area is getting quality businesses up here and the Third Avenue Ale House is a much welcome addition to the hood!With the Second Ave subway coming we have recently seen an influx of new nightlife businesses open up shop around here - bars, restaurants, gastropubs, cocktail lounges, and others that are really a step up from what we normally had. I have even seen reports of more on the way too. It's getting to the point that the much maligned UES is slowly becoming a drink and foodie hot spot. There is more of a reason to stay local now and party up here rather then heading to the over-hyped LES or trekking over to the other boroughs. I just hope those who live downtown and out there stay away and don't discover what the UES has to offer nowadays or everything will become too crowded. LOL!When I dropped into this slick new beer pub I was very impressed. The old place had become decrepit and worn down. I had my fun times in that old bar but it just lost appeal as my beer tastes became more refined. The new pub has an outstanding selection of domestic and imported craft beers - around 30 on tap! Atlantic Brewing Co, Blue Boint, Bear Republic, Flying Dog, Oskar Blues, Carton Brewing, Brooklyn Brewery, Founders, Great Divide, Green Flash, Ommegang, Mahrs Brau Christmas Bock, Lagunitas, Ithaca, Sierra Nevada, Harpoon Cider, Schmaltz, and so many more that I can't recall. The bartender Louis was a friendly gent and was easy on letting me try a few samples which he gave me in a cool mini mug. I went with that Christmas Bock and it was outstanding. The pints run in the $7-$10 range which is a little pricey but these are quality beers here, and I don't mind paying a extra buck or two to enjoy the nice environment. They also have a selection of cans and bottled beer, along with some special reserved bottles and a featured can. If you are into the harder spirits they have on hand a very nice Scotch, Whiskey, Tequila, and Bourbon list along with a small selection of wines. Happy hour 4-8.The decor is very manly-like with mostly dark woods, exposed brick walls, copper roof, and designer lighting. Plenty of seating in the bar area with about four or five flat screens.  There is a large back room with even more seating and a large flat screen on the wall. Nice dimly lit ambiance when I was there, candlelit, and some great tunes playing from Led Zepplin to a mix of old rock. The owners did a wonderful job renovating this spot to give it appeal to attract beer lovers, to those on dates, to people hanging out for a night, to those who want a bite to eat, and anyone else dropping in. Right now they are waiting for Con Ed to hook up their gas and power to the kitchen so they have a limited menu, but it's still a nice eclectic mix of food items. I had one of their soft pretzels and this thing was delicious. Came out big, hot, moist, fluffy, with a nice seasoned crispiness on the outside. The inside was filled with gooey cheese! Oh my! Also served with dried chorizo slices and deli mustard. I spoke with one of the owners and he told me they will be pumping up the menu to have more choices once they are fully operational, and brunch too. I spoke with a few of the staff and everyone seemed very friendly and attentive.Before I left I was treated to a beer on the house. A nice touch as a way of welcoming me to what will become one of my favorite new spots to down a pint. It's right up the block from where I live, which might be dangerous to my diet and waist line! It will be a locals favorite around here for sure. It's already one of mine and I'm heading over for a beer there shortly!
<review# 878,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2013,6/29/2013,271,435,5,14,7>Hole-in-the-wall falafel shop with a few small tables.The Good:- The falafel balls were fresh, as was the (whole wheat) pita and the salad.- They have malt beer, aka black beer, which is a non-alcoholic Israeli sweet soda made of malt.  (Similar in concept to Goya Malt you might see in the supermarket but totally different flavor.)- They serve bourekas, one of my desert-island foods, basically a savory cheese pastry.  It's Israeli street food. - The yucca fries were delicious.- The falafel sandwich is 5.75 + 1 for hummus smeared in there, which isn't too bad.The Could-Be-Better:- The bourek was greasy and not ideally flaky.  (That said, the cheese filling was spot on, and I still devoured the thing, because my standards for bourekas are low, I would probably eat one out of a trashcan.)The Misc:- The falafel balls are gluten free.- I was hoping they'd have pickled red cabbage to put in the sandwich, but I didn't see it.  This is one of my measures for falafel shop authenticity, at least for Israeli-style falafel.  The owner tells me they definitely have this, though, so I'll have to come back.  It doesn't feel like a true falafel sandwich to me without some red cabbage in there.
<review# 879,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2013,6/28/2013,239,287,4,12,8>This place was fantastic.  My 2 friends and I came here for dinner on a Monday night. It was snowing/rainy, and right when we arrived, someone greeted us and took our coats. Loved the attentiveness.We ordered the baby beets to start. I'm usually not a fan of beets but this was one of those exceptions. I had heard great things about the spaghetti but decided to go with the short rib agnolotti because I wanted some meat. My friends ordered the spaghetti and red snapper. I tried both dishes and thought they were great. And I thought the agnolotti was fantastic.The bread was also a highlight. They brought out 2 types of bread (plain and bread with meat rolled within it) with a nice array of spreads (olive oil, eggplant, butter?).Meal came out to about $55 per person including tax and tip. This included drinks (I ordered a pear cocktail which I thought was very good). Will return.
<review# 880,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2013,6/27/2013,95,140,11,9,8>If the words HOT, STICKY, and MEAT make your juices start flowing...you either love beef jerky or are a dirty pervert who needs to get their mind out of the gutter. I stumbled on this place accidentally while wondering around Chinatown and was attracted by the displayed of different types of grilled beef jerky. Pork and beef options in both spicy and mild flavors. This is different than what comes in the bags you buy at the 7-eleven. The meat here is tenderized and grilled which gives it a smokey and toasty flavor that compliments that caramelized glazed that each piece of meat is soaked in. It's perfect as a snack on its own or chopped and served over rice. Check it out for something different and unique
<review# 881,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2011,3/2/2012,142,338,4,11,12>Honestly, I'm suprised the line was not longer. Ralph's has the word "famous" in the title like many establishments, but this one is truly deserved. I'm still astonished at the amount of delicious treat you get for a measly price.A symphony of flavor for a hot day.They have all the necessary items a small frozen treat stand should have, but the menu is most important in its flavors of ice and milk varieties. Both are tasty and perfect for a hot day, but it simply baffles me (I might have mentioned this already) how they can give you so much for so little money. I would expect an inferior product, but that is nowhere close to what you are served. I'm glad there is now a location that does not require my travel to Staten Island or Long Island.
<review# 882,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2012,3/1/2012,1379,2327,34,41,38>Being a craft beer connoisseur I was floored when walking by the other day and discovering this enclave of malt and hops. Shelves upon shelves of craft style beers, ciders, and hard to find imports are all on hand to try out and enjoy. In fact, when asking the owner how many they actually carry he replied "close to 500". Stouts, porters, ales, high alcohol content - ohhhh myyyyy!!!I shed a tear, and hugged him.Oh, who am I kidding? I just love to drink good beer being the lush that I am! City Swiggers is a godsend that has taken up residence in Yorkville / UES. It's an area that desperately needs more unique shops such as this, and that are slowly but surely popping up in once empty store fronts that dot the area. No more heading downtown below 14th street or to Brooklyn to find a quality beer retailer, as this location fulfills all beer consumption needs. It makes perfect sense for City Swiggers to put up shop here, as this area is known as one of the most densely populated residential parts of the city. 86th Street has seen a boom in name brand retail stores open recently, and when the 2nd Ave subway is finally finished will end up bringing in even more businesses and shoppers this way.I could see they are already having some success judging by the amount of people coming in and purchasing all types of beers while I was there. Up front there is a large communal wooden tasting table surrounded on one side by a large shelving unit stocked full with amazing craft beers, and on the other side refrigerated units filled to the brim with cold tasty goodness. People were milling all about choosing beers to take home, some grabbing a cold brew to consume there, and others looking to sample one of the 14 beers on tap. Yes, 14 craft beers on tap that will rotate every few weeks, all around $7 a pint. Very eclectic selection to choose from, and free tastings if you want to check out your palate before choosing one. The husband and wife owners were very nice and chatted with me for quite a while, and also let me try a few before I settled on a terrific glass of Innis & Gunn Rum Cask. Delicious!She also told me the demand has been so overwhelming that they are having trouble keeping some of the beers in stock. That is a good problem as it shows people have found out about this great store and are shopping there. As they are fairly new some kinks need to be worked out, but that is expected. Be patient and support these great local businesses.They also have growlers to purchase at $5 deposit for the bottle and then cost is determined by what beer you fill it up with. So much more convenient than schlepping downtown to pick up and refill a growler, and worth the cost for convenience. I did have a chance to notice and compare individual bottle prices on the craft beers and found them to be quite fair, if even pretty inexpensive overall. The cider and hard to find import section in the back of the store has some really keen selections, and is pretty impressive as many I had never seen before.The store itself is well lit, has a nice relaxed retail vibe, and also has a decent amount of seating/ tables to sit at and enjoy your beer purchase. They need to put on some background music at a low level though, but that is a minor flaw. This is a wonderful addition to the neighborhood, and I hope they are around for a long time. Go Yorkville! Go Yorkville!
<review# 883,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2012,2/29/2012,768,644,6,8,6>Vietnamese restaurants in Chinatown seldom impress or even satisfy me. Having had many misses with Vietnamese places in NYC, I was admittedly a bit reluctant to try Pho Grand for the first time. Jesus Christ, what in the world was I waiting for?! I wish someone had told me how good this place is a long, long time ago... so I could have avoided all those mistrials at other inferior joints.First off, Pho Grand is quite clean compared to other Chinatown restaurants. The ambiance is acceptable, the menu filled with proper English and the prices very affordable. No wonder more than half of the diners there on the Friday evening I visited were Caucasian. I guess they had all turned to Yelp and I just missed the memo?As far as the food goes, the boyfriend and I ordered our usual. He had the #1 xe lua pho, I ordered the bun (vermicelli) with grilled pork, and we shared the cha gio spring roll appetizer. The spring roll wrappers were crispy and not too oily, and the filling tasted pretty fresh. I was also very happy with my bun dish, as the vermicelli was nicely steamed and the miscellaneous veggies providing some nice crunch. I was even more blown away by the grilled pork that accompanied my vermicelli, which were beautifully charred, thinly sliced pieces of sweet and savory pork. In fact, it was almost jerky-like, reminding me of the awesome fresh pork jerky I had in Shanghai this winter. While I didn't try any of the bf's pho, he was very pleased with it. I am so glad to have discovered this place, I'm sure to become a regular here in no time!
<review# 884,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2011,2/28/2012,190,94,4,10,7>Cheap and kinda greasy feeling. Packed to the brim. Old school Chinese male waiters. Just the way I like it.The go to place for Congee (pi dan shou rou), light and clean, the Chinese version of grandma's chicken noodle soup. Sure fire cure for a hang over. Dip some fried crueller in this, and you'll swear you're back in China.1/4 duck. Crispy skin. Good fat to meat ratio.Beef Chow fun- very authentic, since this is a Cantonese establishment.I also enjoy the Shrimp wonton noodle soup. But, I think the quality of this has gone down of late.All this will run you like $20, and feed 4 people. Throw a couple bucks down for tip and you're walking out with both your stomach and your wallet full.**EDIT** Get the Lobster Yi Mien! (Special on the wall). I believe it is $18 for 1 lobster cooked in ginger-scallion-garlic and served on a bed of "yi mien". Yi Mien is a kind of delightfully chewy golden colored egg noodle where the dough is made with soda water so it is super light and has a unique texture. These noodles soak up all the sauce that the lobster is cooked in, so all that lovely sauce + lobster flavor doesn't get wasted! Definitely a great deal, since you get LOBSTER for $18!***EDIT AGAIN***Get the Soy Sauce chicken from the BBQ deck. It comes with this garlicky green sauce to dip in. The chicken is extremely flavorful and tender. This is my new favorite protein... Soy sauce chicken is better than  Roast duck in my book these days!
<review# 885,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2011,2/27/2012,395,485,2,13,11>One again, Tom Colicchio impresses me. The first and most prominent quality I noticed about this restaurant was the woodsy décor. It flourishes throughout the venue, from the wood burning fire place in the café to the wall of stacked fire logs. It really puts you "right there" where the designer wants you to be: back to nature, well...maybe a trendier and more expensive nature. The service was outstanding, I cannot stress it any more. From the moment we walked in (hostess) to the moment we left (servers, all staff) everyone seemed happy to be working there and happy to serve. I felt like a guest in someone's home. We had a large party of 12 and there was probably 5-6 staff for our table; 1 main server and 5 runners/bussers. They brought all of our entrees out at once, so nobody was left waiting...I love when restaurants do this. They were friendly and were attentive to our empty glasses of wine....wait, were our glasses ever empty?The food, it was incredible and unique. We shared apps...a mixture between the sweet bread (by far the best...had I known it was pig intestine I would have not eaten it!), ahi tar tar, hamachi and risotto. For my entrée  I had the scallops which were fresh, with a mixture of woodsy, earthy flavors...again tying in with the restaurant's overall theme. I mean, you can't really go wrong with Mr. Colicchio....It was a pretty penny...but one of those meals where you gladly hand over your AmEx and say, "Worth it, worth every penny". A true, genuine dining experience.
<review# 886,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2011,2/26/2012,345,332,12,7,7>I come here for the tequila and I stay for the pork carnitas rice noodles. I love the look of this place, it's big, it's dark it's sexy. Go downstairs afterwork if you're in the mood for drinks with yuppies. Don't roll your eyes, you're probably a yuppie. Embrace it. My only qualm was when they tried to trick me and pass off potatoes as tostones. I know what a tostone is. I am a tostone (no really), don't try to trick me. But they were apologetic when they realized I didn't read the description of the dish and just assumed. They apologized to me for my own mistake. If only I could find a man like that who also has pork carnitas rice noodles readily available. I'd be very happy.
<review# 887,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2011,2/25/2012,187,258,14,11,12>Being the magnificent girlfriend that I am, I made a reservation at Keens for the man's birthday. All he wanted that day was a big plate of red meat (and some other things, but yelp isn't the place to talk about that...).The reservation was made with ease and we didn't wait at all for our table. Keens is oooooold school - according the man, it's the oldest steakhouse in the city - and you can literally see the history on every surface. Pictures and newspaper clippings and, of course, those clay pipes hanging from the ceiling. Dark woods and deep wine colored fabrics complete the "den" atmosphere. The next table over was a loud and ruddy cheeked group of eight middle aged men. Our server was a pro, not especially kind, but clearly seasoned and good at what he does. We got going with some cocktails, grilled thick cut smoked bacon, and Maryland crab cakes. I would have been content gnawing on five plates of the bacon, it was so flavorful and heavenly. These were my first crab cakes and, while they weren't bad per se, I was hoping to be more impressed. Next came wine and entrees: the 8oz filet mignon, the king's cut prime rib, and the scallop special. My filet was cooked to perfection and accompanied by a tasty au poivre sauce, the scallops were like buttah and served with a terribly cute mini pumpkin stuffed with some kind of magic rice pilaf, and the prime rib was HUGE. Like, HUUUUUUGE. People stared. I thought we were on a Man vs. Food episode. The man reports that it was out of this world and exactly what he was hoping for.And for dessert...the red berry bibble! Because when it's called a bibble, how are you supposed to resist? Turns out it's basically a fruit compote topped with creme fraiche and it's shockingly, lip-smackingly good. Our server was dismayed to find that the kitchen hadn't provided a birthday candle, so he brought out a slice of key lime pie as well. By this point, we were all so full we were unbuttoning our pants, so we only managed a bite each of that. But what a bite it was!The experience was quite an investment, but so worth it for those special people and special occasions in your life.
<review# 888,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2012,2/24/2012,285,269,5,9,8>Having been raised by Russian/Ukranian immigrants and a Polish nanny, I felt like it was a right of passage for me to check out Veselka on the East Village. And finally I seized the chance to make my cultural pilgrimage with my good ol' friend and fellow Yelper, Maeve C. And we had a jolly old time! First of all, I love the space. I think it's adorably cozy and spacious at the same time, and the waiters and hosts are extremely friendly and accomodating. The borscht was true to form and excellent, though I was disappointed that they didn't serve it with sour cream on the side by default. And the fried pierogies were very tasty even if they weren't the most authentic (which they weren't). My nanny used to serve up pierogies with caramelized onions and mushrooms, and just a tad bit pan fried, and they were much larger and much more flavorful than these. But Veselka pierogies definitely got the job done.What I like about Veselka is that even if you're not in the mood for a Ukranian spin on your food, you can still order off of their fairly varied menu and get a delicious American meal. I happened to also have the lentil salad with feta cheese, and it was phenomenal. I also couldn't help but notice how succulent their burgers looked as other people ordered them.I think I will definitely be dragging others here in the near future to try out the other treats on their menu.
<review# 889,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2011,2/23/2012,116,655,14,18,15>Good afternoon, I'd like to buy the whole store. Yes, the whole store. All the macarons, the melon pan, the ice cream - just put it all in a big take out container. Oh, and would you throw in one of those lovely napoleons too? EVERYTHING I tried here was delicious. I tried a really unique wasabi bread, which seemed oily, but really added to the subtle hint of wasabi. It wasn't spicy, but refreshing in an odd way. The melon pan was sweet on top and slightly chewy and delightful. My hands down favorite has got to be the macarons. From the matcha to passion fruit to goma (black sesame),  each delectable bite is the perfect consistency - a delicate crunch of the shell, the chew of the cookie, the buttery cream. Its served chilled, but not cold enough to shock you. The cold actually enhances the subtle flavors. The macaron, even when I bought it at the end of the day, was not soggy or hard or unpleasant. Also the size may look small, but its pretty thick and fluffy. It might have been the best macaron I've ever had.  I normally would reserve a star just because I haven't tried everything, but the service is really superb. I arrived five minutes after Takahachi had closed for the evening. The manager or owner saw me looking plaintively in through the glass door and happily opened back up for me and Jon F. to run inside for goodies. We were served with smiles even after a long day at work, and received a free pastry to boot.I love this place. x3
<review# 890,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/5/2011,2/22/2012,63,341,8,15,3>Birreria, which is what you will have in the morning after consuming too many fermented beverages, is the new Eataly beer garden, a partnership between the Batali/Bastianich foodie empire and the three craft brewers--Sam Calagione (aka God) of Dogfish Head, Leonardo Di Vincenzo of Del Borgo, Teo Musso of Baladin (awesome bottle font)--who refer to themselves as the Birreria brothers. Try pronouncing that word after drinking a few pints of their product. Better yet, ask your Japanese friends to say it (and then again when *they're* drunk). The idea here was to create an awesome new addition to what is already the most enormous speciality food purveyance emporium in the known universe.I was so eager to visit, I stood in line the first day it opened for 2 hours, ultimately giving up when I was told there would be another 3 hour wait. I returned early the next day and made it in with the first wave of people at 5:30. Leaving after 8 pm later, there was still quite a long line--they only let eight people in every 5 minutes, and I have to say, it never felt particularly crowded on the rooftop despite the hordes of people trying to get in. So kudos for that.Let me explain why I'm only giving Birreria three stars, despite its fine, rooftop location (with a view of nothing, by the way), my obsession with craft beer (particularly Dogfish Head), and the high standard of food, drink, and service ensured by the Batali (fellow Rutgers paison) imprimatur.Number one, it's too hard to get in. This will likely change when the initial euphoria dies down and the place opens for lunch (and, uniquely for a "beer garden," accepts reservations), but, then again, the initial euphoria over Eataly still seems pretty euphoric, and it's unlikely that Eataly's perfect storm of tourist shitshow and location at the b&t douchebag crossroads of New York will abate any time soon. Their bottom line is probably counting on it.Number two, they haven't quite figured out the proper formula for a beer garden atmosphere. Birreria is more like a fancy restaurant that attempts to look down market (cheap looking red chairs) but serves expensive beer and food. I guess the yuppies and tourists can delight in the idea they're slumming it by drinking outside (not really, since the "garden" is fully enclosed) and eating typical bar foods (with exotic Italian names and premium ingredients, like a pork sausage containing gelatinous pig skin) in a festive, public garden environment (which is, again, hard to get into and quite expensive, so not exactly a venue for the general populace). You usually expect long tables in a beer garden, but Birreria is mostly a restaurant with regular table service and a marble bar on one side where you will probably not get a seat. OK, if that's what they want. The restaurant service is almost too good. I felt like 15 people were solely dedicated to our table. They were very sweet, but it was overbearing. One of them kept removing my coaster whenever I didn't have a drink. Dude, I'm getting another drink; you can remove the used coaster when I leave. Maybe I'm harping too much on the "beer garden" idea, but I do think too many restaurants are opening in New York that attempt to fake some sort of authentic style or atmosphere but just end up being as pretentious, expensive, and totally not-relaxing as all the others. Sorry to pick on you, Birreria. You're making a good effort, I suppose. Consider this friendly advice from a beer lover who is not at all averse to fine dining and good food but goes into a beer oriented establishment expecting something very specific. You're not there yet. Seriously, it's cool that you serve wine out of barrels, but beer in a carafe? Give me a break.Number three, it's too expensive for casual drinking. The beer is great and all, but $10 for a pint? That's fucking insane. It basically prices most people out of really enjoying this place except what I have to assume is their target market of rich assholes and trust funded hipsters (not, admittedly, much in evidence here). OK, you have a few $7 options, but the house brew and Birreria brothers craft options are what we're coming for, and, though a friend pointed out to me that $10 is not much more than the $6-8 beers you'll find at most New York bars, I countered that in dollar terms it's not much more, but in percentage terms it's like 50% more expensive (in true Eataly fashion, I guess), and if you have like 5-6 beers, that adds up. It's not nothing. And it's good beer, but it's not so fantastic it's worth the trouble and expense. The bottled beers they sell are also indicative of their pricing structure. A bottle of Dogfish Head Sah'tea, for example, one of my favorites generally costs around $10 or less at Whole Foods, etc. At Birreria, the same bottle will run you $24. I've heard of markups for wine, but 140%? Jesus Christ!The food menu looks OK, but I didn't eat much. Those house made sausages are basically just fancy hot dogs. $10.
<review# 891,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2007,7/19/2007,76,227,8,6,7>YUMNeed I say more? Okay, well I will. I thought that some things just shouldn't be screwed or funk-a-fied, a.k.a. [traditional] rice pudding, [vanilla] ice cream, [chocolate] macarons. Purity is always better right? I know, I'm *yawn* so boring...Well, in the case of rice pudding? No. Funk-a-fied flavors? Bring them on! I tried (I know, not too daring) cinnamon raisin, traditional and pecan pie. I must say I was quite, no, QUITE pleased with all three. The traditional was by far the best. However, the other two? Still, AMAZING. I loved them all. And the literature? Easy humor, but still made me smile. And laugh in some cases!Yum yum yum. Thankfully this is NOT near where I live.. Or I'd have to start running marathons weekly to compensate for my rice pudding caloric intake.
<review# 892,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/11/2007,7/18/2007,234,358,24,9,8>I feel like shaking the people in IHOP and screaming "Why are you here!!?  This is New York City!"  Then I realize that I'm in there, too, and I have a plate of pancakes in front of me.  I'm so wrong.Every now and then I go a little crazy and hit a chain.  Finding an IHOP in the NYC Metro area is hard, so it feels like a special treat when you come across it.  But really, it's the same stuff they serve everywhere else, which isn't very good, but it's full of sugar so you don't care.However, I am positive that there are better restaurants on this street, I just need to find them.Look, if you're really jonesing for some IHOP, this location is all right.  It's pretty close to the subways, it's fairly big, and the service is good as far as I can see.  Yes, this is Harlem, but it's a nice street and not scary.  Do not fear the black people, they will not harm you.  As with every other IHOP in the universe, show up here on a Saturday or Sunday and expect a madhouse.
<review# 893,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2007,7/16/2007,183,411,11,13,14>Coming off 3 years of college-cheap, delicious Mexican food in downtown LA, I looked and looked but I just could not find my fix in Manhattan. And then I was in Brooklyn one day and stepped into this lovely establishment. With it's made-when-you-order guacamole carts and the cute decor, I knew I was in for a good time. I'm making it my 100th review because I think I've found the closest thing to El Cholo (2 locations in LA) - and that makes me REALLY happy. The salsa, tingly on the tongue. Not too spicy , with a slightly salty aftertaste. The kind of salsa that keeps you young, and your skin blushed. The taquitos, crunchy, tasty and saucy.. just how I like eet.Then came my main of the carne asada with cheese melted on top of it (it's called something else but I forget). Spiced, warm, and tasty. With a side of sweet plantains to balance the dish, along with a generous dollop of the freshly-prepared guacamole... and oh wait, wait, more salsa and chips? Why, thank you. te quiero La Taqueria
<review# 894,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/30/2007,7/15/2007,179,230,14,7,15>he had been craving a milkshake, a dark chocolate milk shake, for longer than he could remember. somehow he found himself on jones street in greenwich village, wandering aimlessly, hair unkempt, shoelaces untied. having been banned from Mary's, knowing his photo was tacked to the employees bathroom wall, knowing he would be spotted the moment he walked in the door, marlowe was forced to explore the other end of jones st, at bleecker, where he stumbled into the reputably bright and cheery Cones. a clean, well-lit place, so to speak, not his kind of place. marlowe grumbled under his breath.i want a milkshake, he murmered, not the department of motor vehicles. the counterman didn't know what to make of this. what'll it be, he said, maintaining his composure but feeling slightly bewildered and intimidated.marlowe, taken aback by the directness of this approach, could barely get the words "milk. shake." out of his mouth. he needed a shave and his throat was dry. his head ached. his feet were hot. his shoes were too tight. we don't have those, said the counterman, in a barely perceptible english. marlowe shuddered, fingered his weapon. he was sweating now under his trenchcoat. it was 70 degrees and he hadn't had a drink in half an hour.well then, he looked the counterman right in the eye, how about a cup of that dark chocolate over there. make it a double.ok, was all the counterman said, and proceeded to fill the cup. it was a double for sure. a big double. the chocolate was so shiny, marlowe could practically see his reflection. he decided he'd better eat it fast. no one should have to see themselves when eating dark chocolate ice cream.five bucks, the counterman said. marlowe disengaged his grip on the colt from under his trenchcoat and paid the man. two spoons, he said. i might be meeting a friend in a few minutes, if she ever shows up. maybe i'm better off if she doesn't, he added with a wink, as he took his double and walked out the door. it was still 70 degrees and the sun was almost down, but it felt a lot cooler out there with dark chocolate ice cream dribbling down his chin. hmm, not bad, he thought miserably, not bad at all.
<review# 895,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2007,7/14/2007,39,48,9,15,16>This is the most authentic little dumpling shop in Chinatown. The place looks as if it could exist in 1907 the same way it does in 2007.Everything is made on the spot, with a giant table covered in flour and dough and 2 little grandmas kneading away. Five pork dumplings for $1. Four pork buns for $1. Soy milk, Hot and Sour Soup, and a few other traditional items exist on a short and sweet menu. For $4, I walked away with 15 dumplings, a container of soy milk, and the biggest goofiest grin on my face. There is no reason to ever be hungry in this city.
<review# 896,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2007,7/13/2007,106,76,3,13,14>Lunch and dinner are evaluated separately below.  Lunch offers the tried and true crowd-pleasers:  a largesse of pulled pork and high quality ingredients.  (The edamame are in pristine form!)  The obvious choices are Korean burritos and steamed pork buns.  The flour tortilla is perfectly hot, fresh, and elastic, as are the steamed buns.  This alone distinguishes Momofuku from the offerings of the city's Mexican and Chinese restaurants.  *  Momofuku SsamA stupefying quantity of food!  Tender, well-seasoned pork popping from the seams.  The flavor combination may very well be fine as is.  Don't make the mistake I did in asking for extra Ssam sauce.  The dish is already pretty high in salt and sufficient in heat.  (The Bibb Lettuce Ssam, which looks to be the same ingredients over rice, seems better suited to balance the salt.)*  Berkshire Pork Steamed BunsSimilar in form to what you'd get with Chinese restaurants' Peking Duck.  But here, the attention paid to freshness and to ingredients is commendable.*  Hitachino White AleWeird fruity beer.  (I was fascinated by the owl on the label.)  Stick with OB (a refreshing Korean beer seltzer) or for a heavier brew, Anchor Steam.  I left a half bottle undrunken (unprecedented!).  Even if one prefers the fruitier beers, Hitachino White failed to complement the food.  The ambience suffers because the setting is too swank for this humble lunch.  Service seems to be confused or indifferent, or maybe a combination of both.Lunch:food:  4value:  5 (Ssams offered at an astonishingly reasonable price)service:  3ambience:  3ambition:  4craveability:  4  (I love the pork, but the heart is less excited)Dinner is the more unusual event.* Fried Brussels Sprouts Served in a Vietnamese style dressing of nuoc mam:  fish sauce, lime juice, chili peppers, sugar, and water.  The fried leaves have a delectable crust.  The salinity of the dressing should probably be cut with a little more lime and sugar, but the dish otherwise is perfect.* Tello's Chawan Mushi (with Snails and Black Truffle) A sublime egg custard cooked with a dashi stock with just a hint of the sea.  Steep in price, but at the very least, an educational eating experience.  Snails were perfectly cooked, with just enough bounce and give.*  Grilled Rice Cakes  Bait and switch!  The "rice cakes" here are cylindrical segments of Dduk cut into 4cm segments.  They are not "grilled" but rather casseroled in a spicy red bean sauce of crumbly pork meat.  The dish is a sort of cross between Italian Bolognese and Korean Dduk Boki.  Even with the clever addition of Thai basil, the casserole itself is nothing relevatory.  Like a lot of things on David Chang's menus, the dish is super salty.  A side bowl of rice might enhance one's enjoyment of this homey offering.Service is extremely companionable.  When asked for recommendations, the multitalented hostess/waitress/busser waxed rhapsodic about the Brussels Sprouts.  She then beckoned a couple other servers over, to have them also opine.  Like the soundtrack being played, service is cute and peppy.As for the food ... there's a certain compulsion, myopia, or autistic imagination to David Chang's treatment of food.  The flavor combinations of many of the dishes suffer from a sort of singular over-enthusiasm.  But his excitement is palpable.  He dares to throw -everything- into the mix.  And when he touches upon something good, he makes dang sure you get plenty of it, in exquisite form.  What makes this place interesting is that his thought process, his influences, and his experimentation are transparent.  Come here expecting creativity but not refinement.  He cooks the way a cute little brother with cool new toys would.    Though it's hard to separate the food from the ambience from this kind of transmission of excitement, here goes ...  Dinner:food: 4value:  3service:  5ambience:  4ambition:  5craveability:  2 (this is my wallet speaking up)
<review# 897,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2007,7/12/2007,110,187,39,17,20>i'm going to write this review from the point of view of the guy (me) who gets dragged in here by his girlfriend every time we are within a ten block radius of this place.1.) the couches:  they are smart enough to have some couches for people just like me.  the couches are comfortable enough so that if you get stuck on one for 45 minutes while she is trying on clothes, you won't mind that much.2.) the music:  i'd like the person that chooses the music for this place to make me a mix cd.  i'm often surprised at how many times i'm in here and i think "who is this?  i want to buy this."  3.) the clothes:  nothing for guys, but the stuff she picks out from here always looks really nice.4.) the clientele:  once when i was sitting on one of the couches and playing tetris on my cell phone, an older, seemingly very bitter, woman seated near me said to me in a nasty tone "the only people i know who text message are teenagers or cheaters, and you don't look like a teenager" i asked her what she thought of patient guys trying to kill time by playing tetris.  "tet-what??"  she said. other than this annoyance, the clientele seems pretty cool.4.) her "i want it, i want it" factor:  that seems pretty high here.  evidently you really have to restrain yourself from buying too much.  i wish there were clothing stores i felt like that about.  odin is alright, but other than that i have pretty ambivalent feelings about men's clothing stores in nyc.you probably already know about anthropologie, if the crowds that swarm the store are any indication.
<review# 898,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2007,7/11/2007,608,608,42,47,32>My bag is beautiful, and I 100% do not regret this impulse purchase....Even if it means Cup o' Noodles for 3 months straight.P.S.: [Blatant attempt to garner a couple "U"s of the "U/F/C" vote] If you want to get stuff cleaned, they can send it into some ridiculous secret-society-of-handbag-miracle-workers that will perform the equivalent of "detailing a car" (and, considering the price of some of these lovelies, the comparison really isn't too far off) for something stupidly affordable like $30, after which you will receive it "better than new" according to the friendly sales rep. [/Blatant attempt to garner a couple "U"s of the "U/F/C" vote]Okay, now, what're you waiting for? Clicky the little button. ;)
<review# 899,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2007,7/10/2007,548,384,33,19,29>Preceptor: "Welcome, please introduce yourself to the rest of the group"Me: "Thank you..My name is Javier and I am Bibliophile..."Group: "Hi Javier"Me: "...Hi"Preceptor: "Tell us, how long have you been sober?"Me: "I haven't read a book for 18 hours..."Preceptor: "Go on...."Me: "I was on the subway, and I tried to do like everyone else; space-out, mind my ride, do nothing. But I couldn't. I saw a lady in front of me, she was reading, and I felt this feeling that every second that passed was a missed second of knowledge. I opened my backpack, reached for my book, caressed the glossy dustjacket and opened it...in a minute I was transported to the Dreyfus Affaire,XIX century Paris, and I...*whimper*"Preceptor: "What's wrong?"Me (blowing nose): "Nothing, something got into my eye..."Preceptor: "Oh, okay..now tell us about that place you mentioned to me?"Me: "The G-Grolier Club?"Preceptor: "Yes"Me (blank staring at the wall): "I used to go there for my Rare Book Class, I remember the first time I entered the townhouse; red carpet, tiled floors, large vases with various flower arrangements, gilded decor on walls and pillars, elegant furniture.... the place was refined without being snobby. The concierge at the desk to my left looked at me surprised at my age and my beanie; he smiled at me with the look of he who seems to think: "Yes! This generation has not yet forsaken us", he told me that I was a bit early and if I wanted to wait for the rest at the main exhibition hall. I nodded and was led to the hall right in front of the entrance.... I was alone; books were displayed on glass display cases, and it was a book cover exhibition; various rare and on occasion, unique editions of strange types of covers made with many different materials (metal, carved wood, plaster, etc....) the visual effect was stunning, and I could only wonder what the contents of those book might've been. The class arrived. We could get the elevator to the third floor or climb the elegant staircase. I chose the latter; up I went and saw paintings of famous book collectors, writers, and other ppl who surely were notables on the history of the Grolier Club and Books. The second floor houses a library and another exhibition hall and hallway; we had our class in one of these cozy studies, filled with old and rare books, and a cart in the corner with coffee and water. I felt right at home. We were then told the history of the Grolier Club. Founded on 1884, it is the biggest and oldest society for bibliophiles and book collectors; members are allowed to donate their collections to the Grolier Club post mortem, and enjoy many privileges, such as the use of the collections, libraries and premises at large; although they told us that the main exhibition hall is open to the public as well. We got to meet the chairman of the Grolier Club, one of the curators and other notable members; and they all had this incredibly chipper attitude, totally peaceful, educated, candid and humorous. You would never imagine that these people are tremendously knowledgeable about many, many things, and the conversations with them are utterly and totally fascinating...."Preceptor: "Tell us more about them...?"Me: "Well, their forte lies in the fact that they have perhaps the biggest collection in the world of books on books. Literary indexes, limited edition appendixes, books on a particular collection or collector, books on printing, binding, typography....you get the lithograph"Preceptor: "And the members of the club; are they addicted as well?"Me: "Yes, they are hardcore bibliophiles, all suffering from bibliomania; the appreciation of the knowledge contained within paper, combined with the desire borne out of the outward beauty or circumstances of a particular book...."Preceptor: "Circumstances?"Me: "The rarer it is, the more the book will be sought out"Preceptor: "Well Javier, maybe you need to embrace it; this is not a curse, but a passion!"Me: "I can't"Preceptor: "Why's that?"Me: "I can't afford rare books; even one that would be considered reasonable still costs thrice my rent"Preceptor: "Don't worry, It'll be.. (fetches up a bowl with prozac tablets)...allright (hands them to me)"Me (mumbling): "thank you...""Excuse me" -someone from the audience raises his hand.Preceptor: "Yes?"Sonny: "J-Javier, if you don't mind me saying, don't you feel like kinda of nerdy on admitting being such a bookworm?"Me (munching some Prozac): "Uhh, No"Sonny (surprised): "W-why?"Me: "For one, I wasn't raised amidst stereotypes; so I see them for what they truly are; an exercize of mediocrity to try to debase those who have talent, excellence and sensibility...a conditioned mind also betrays limitation, and therefore, weakness"Sonny: "T-then why are you here?"Me: "So I could get some of these Prozac tablets for free; see ya chumps!" (runs quickly towards the exit)
<review# 900,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2007,7/8/2007,241,290,18,7,11>oh jeez,This is one of "those" places...I need to look away, as I walk past it....because I really do NEED all of it. Everything in there...I need. I need the Ruffoni copper risotto pot. I need the yogurt maker (bought a year ago...I haven't made any yogurt yet!). I need pink salt. No, I really do! And grey salt, and black salt...blah blah blah. I freakin love this place. Four stars, cause they make me broke.Just look away.
<review# 901,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2011,4/2/2012,290,207,12,21,14>Hands down, the absolute best investment I have made in over a decade.  This school rocks.  And trust me, it's not for the weak, so knowing that, you ought to trust in the fact that you get every penny's worth by studying here.  Some people have accused Krav Maga conditioning to be sub-par.  These people obviously have never studied Krav Maga, and especially not at this school, because here, the opposite is true.The instructors are clearly all ex-Israeli Army, which by default makes them absolute bad asses that know exactly what they're doing.  They're very cool and patient teachers too.  Above all, they's good teachers.  They're very easy to learn from.  Their teaching methods are totally fluid and comprehensible.Each class starts out by breaking you down with military style physical training. Once you get accustomed to these, you'll be in the shape of your life- believe it.  The second part of each class includes fully hands on real life combat and fighting situations and techniques.  Strong emphasis on REAL LIFE.  Krav Maga is 100% FULL CONTACT.  You will be trained to defend yourself in the real world, without a doubt. As the English say, no pussy-footing around here.I started this class with a group buying deal, but I knew after just the second class I was hooked.  I love the pain, I love the skills picked up. I love the total confidence Krav Maga adds to my life.  I've been a full time student here going into my third month.  My recommendation: DO NOT bother waiting for some stupid deal to come around.  Come now and try your first class out for free, and trust me that you will be hooked.The Krav Maga school is strong, like America.  Do it!!!!
<review# 902,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2011,3/31/2012,552,567,23,16,16>In spite of our tough-as-nails, give-'em'-hell exterior, every New Yorker secretly wants to be a barefoot, hemp-smoking, tomato-farming  Californian. How else could one explain the success of locally-sourced, farm-fresh, farmer-friendly NorCal wannabes like Northern Spy? Well aware of the hype, the six of us showed early for Sunday brunch (north of 1PM), sucking cigarettes and masking bloodshot eyes with designer sunshades. Looking, in other words, laughably out of water in NS's small, country-kitchen-style dining room and feeling like urban monsters when presented with demure, sincere plates of granola ($7), eggs and kale salad ($15), big baskets of fresh biscuits and apricot jam ($5), and goblets of coffee and cider.Everything was delicious; and we *felt* like healthy, hearty hikers after being so nutritionally nourished - ready for a dog-in-jog or a bike ride to the beach. Instead, we went shopping.
<review# 903,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2012,3/30/2012,60,130,11,16,13>Who would have thought I'd thoroughly enjoy a meal with 5 of us, outside, crowded around a single school desk? Inspired by the screening of Fela outside the Adam Clayton Powell State Building, we moseyed on over to the Shrine for some food. As we walked in, a band was playing and sadly, my companions were a bit turned off by the volume and probably the sound on its own, and decided to eat outside instead. I, however, was thoroughly digging the band playing and wished we had stayed inside (however, it was loud enough to have been difficult to hear/talk, which was the point of our convening). There was such an interesting and eclectic crowd there (I agree with that assessment, other reviewers). I literally saw a crew of kids that looked like a United Colors of Benetton version of a Kid N' Play movie or the TV show A Different World (high-top fades, dookey chains, shoulder pads, and all). It was amazing. Also, the best part: I had THE best fried chicken I've ever had in NYC. I went in on that chicken, no lie to the 45th power. I'm morally opposed to the idea of chicken wings too (why would I want to eat a bone with some strands of chicken on it? You can take that elsewhere. Drumsticks or bust!), but it was pretty bomb. And to make it even better, I could get my chicken with a side of fried plantain! Shrine, are you trying to steal my heart? Because you have. It is yours, xoxo. The service was good too, to boot. I definitely want to make my way back there another night for a) my chicken fix and b) to partake in the imbibing and hear the live music. Seems there's often bands there of different musical flavours (afropunk, afrobeat, jazz, reggae, etc.), which is  rawesome. It generally just seems like a super cool place to hang with your posse (or perhaps to recruit folks for a posse, which I'm trying to do. Inquire if you're interested!). All the cool kids in Harlem hang out at the Shrine, so get on the bandwagon!
<review# 904,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2011,3/29/2012,347,270,4,9,6>One of the best donuts ($2.50-$3) I've had in my life. Let me sum it up:1. Creme brulee: 3.5 inches in diameter, with a crispy thin crust of sugar surrounding the perimeter of the donut, with a nice, creamy inside. Absolutely decadent.2. Dulce de leche donut: A round donut, with a hole but they still manage to have some nice dulce de leche creme inside the donut. Almost as delicious as the aforementioned donut.
<review# 905,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2012,3/28/2012,327,345,15,20,13>I. Am. Obsessed.I eat out all the time. Mostly because I'm too lazy to cook, but also because I love finding new places. Since I eat the majority of my meals in brick and mortal locations other than my abode, I'm finding that more and more things are pretty good, and not excellent, because I just think I am over saturated with restaurants meals.I can already see that this review might make no sense. I guess that's what happens when you fall in love. I kept hearing about Maialino and of course felt like I was the last to try it. This is the story of my life. I went for dinner with a co-worker on a Wednesday night. We both wanted to try something new and this was halfway between her apartment and mine. The bar was packed and the wait was a half hour. That's okay with me for dinner. By the time we get a round of drinks and chat for a few, time's up and we are being seated. That's pretty much exactly what happened. We got Kier Royales at the bar because champagne seemed like a good choice at the time. Once we were seated we switched to wine, and liked whatever white the server suggested. She was friendly, nice, non-intrusive and informative. Oh-so-good at her job. Love that already. We looked over the menu and wanted to try a little bit of everything, but our wallets cried for help and we settled on appetizers and dinner. I started with the Baccala. It's a pretty traditional Italian dish, and executed well can be pretty amazing. Baccala is salted cod lightly battered and fried. It should be delicate, flavorful and crispy. Maialino made all those things come true. For an entree, I decided on the ravioli special, which was a potato puree with spinach and Parmesan inside. One enormous ravioli was delivered to my table. I was actually a little disappointed. I wanted more than one! Who do these people think they are?! Don't they know a hungry girl when they see one? But the ravioli was incredibly filling, surprisingly so. Success. I liked this place so much that I returned that same week for Sunday brunch with my mom. She was coming into town for brunch and said she wanted to try something new. Maialino was still in my head from the amazing dinner I had, so I booked up the last slot...10:30AM. We wound up ordering a ton of food. She wanted to try everything like I had at dinner. My mom is good like that. We Italians just can't get enough. We started with the Baccala, because I told her how delicious it was, and it's one of her favorites. Then we had fried artichokes with anchovy bread sauce and I feel like I would have snacked on those all day. You might be thinking that we stopped there with the brunch appetizers. No such luck. We are either awesome or disgusting. I think awesome. We then ordered the toffee glazed Brioche because it was brunch after all. Oh my goodness gracious that was incredible. I could have eaten 10 of them. We then order main courses, because, to reiterate, we are awesome, and I asked for the poached eggs with brussel sprouts and buttercup squash. That dish was the best brunch dish I have ever had. I adore both brussel sprouts and squash of all types and this dish was perfectly savory. I don't even have the words to tell you about it. Basically you have to go there and order it for yourself. Yeah, it's that good. They even had a dessert menu for brunch. Can you believe that? I literally couldn't eat one more thing. I felt like I might explode. It was touch and go there for a while. A while back I wrote about how much I love Clinton Street Baking Company for brunch. Now I love this place just as much and they have more tables, take reservations and credit cards, and is much closer to my apartment. Thank you, Gramercy Park Hotel, for spoiling me to the fullest with Maialino. I'm only sorry it took me so long to try it here.
<review# 906,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2011,3/27/2012,732,444,24,25,21>I had never told anyone to "shut up" while I was eating because I needed to revel in the ecstasy of my food. Until now.The Strip House easily has the best steak I've had in years. Served with roasted garlic and a variety of amazing sides, my New York strip steak was mouth-wateringly delicious allllll by itself. I literally have no words to describe it other than perfect. Which is what I told my friend when he tried to distract me from my dinner with his meaningless yapping. The Strip House experience begins when you open the door into a Big Red Room that is reminiscent of the 20s with its plush wallpaper, red leather seats, and black-and-white photos. There are small lampshades on every table sheltering a candle, which adds to the romantic ambiance. The optional sides range from black truffle creamed spinach to green beans to french fries, and everything I tasted was incredible. Literally, everything. Even the appetizers were worth reviewing: we got two specials, oysters on the half-shell and a beautiful salad of yellow and red tomatoes, mozzarella, and a homemade vinaigrette.  We paired our meal with a Spanish red wine, and were both impressed by the expansive (and expensive) wine list. For dessert we tried Baked Alaska, which, amazingly, I had never tried before. Chocolate cake smothered with ice cream, surrounded by a meringue that tastes like toasted marshmallows? Yes please, thank you very much, and may I please come here for dinner every night for the rest of my life????
<review# 907,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2012,3/26/2012,26,77,6,9,7>Craft beer heaven. It's more of a store instead of bar, but they also constantly have different beers on tap that you can try in the store. One flight (4 small beers) is $8! There are a few small tables in the back corner or you can stand and have your beers on the island in the center of the store. This is not a place to come for happy hour or really even to just sit and chill. Just come to try some unique beers or to pick up that rare beer you can't find at the store down the street. Any beer you can think of they most likely carry. If you're waiting to be seated at a restaurant nearby might not even be a bad place to kill some time with cheap drinks.
<review# 908,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2011,3/25/2012,536,944,4,8,8>Cheese love!  First day open and they were offering samples of their signature INHOUSEMADE cheddar which was melt in your mouth slightly sharp QUESOlicious.  The famed mac and cheese is cheesey though without the top topped with a layer of cheeese as some of us do prefer.  At, $6 bucks for a small portion it is a cheap, CHEESEY FIX!Lots of cheeses to take home and service was super friendly unlike the cheese snobs at the other emporium begins with a (M).  It is entertaining and pretty awesome to watch them make the cheese.Downstairs, there is a spot for groups or a dark date spot for different types of mac-and cheeses, salads etc.  Upstairs, grilled cheese looked fine, but once you go to Queens Kickshaw you will be spoiled for life with grilled cheese.  A few more food (cheesey) options upstairs would be a good idea.
<review# 909,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/27/2012,3/24/2012,1319,184,13,16,9>When you're ready to embrace your inner frat boy, head on down to this all-you-can-drink/eat spot that is loaded with coeds. It's as if New Ashiya heard that NYU wasn't big on Greek life and stepped up to fill the void.For most college kids around the country, spending $35 for two hours of food and drinks probably wouldn't seem like that great a deal. But in NYC, it can barely be topped. And patrons slam the drinks back to take full advantage. It really does sound like a bomb is going off with the dropping of each shot glass filled with sake into a half-filled plastic glass of beer. The noise level goes from 0 to 11 in a matter of minutes, and somehow the servers don't seem to mind what has to be one of the most obnoxious restaurant crowds you'll ever encounter.As for the sushi, it's decent enough. It kind of reminded me of the pre-made stuff that you can pick up for a quick midtown lunch from a higher-end bodega. Drown it in soy sauce and chase it with a sake bomb and you'll barely be able to tell the difference.
<review# 910,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2012,3/23/2012,99,30,18,16,15>I've been a regular at JWF for awhile but avoided writing a review for the following reasons:1. Fear that my 21 fans might decide to infiltrate the place and ruin my chances at a bar side seat.2.  My Probation's Officer would not like the idea that I asked bartender Drew* for a framed picture of himself surfing shirtless.3.  I would actually have to think about how much of my time I spend there (spoiler alert:  it's A LOT)Now that I'm officially the Duchess (takes bow), I feel that it's time I share the magic that is Jones Woods Foundry...Nestled in the heart of the UES, this candle lit gastropub is the perfect place for a cozy night out.  Unlike, the frat-bar-mess surrounding the spot, this bar attracts a slightly older after work crowd.  Owner Rob* has hired an amazing cast of characters who are both friendly and worldly** and who also have a high tolerance for antics.  When I'm sober enough to enjoy the food, I have never been disappointed.  The Tuna Tartar is the best I've ever had the pleasure of knowing and the authentic Meat Pies are delicious and warm the stomach.  I'd also like to the time to shout one out to the Brussels Sprouts and the Burger, both whom are fan favorites.  I've noticed some complaints about the price, and while I'm pretty sure I'm putting Bartender Jeremy* through Grad School, I find the prices to be fair and completely reasonable for the quality of the food and drink. So if you happen to see me there being creepy with manager Hot Stu*, make sure to say "hi".  We will definitely invite you to the wedding.--------------------------------------------------­--------------------------------------------------­---*Shameless Name Drop**They have accents and are ridiculously attractive
<review# 911,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2010,12/25/2010,215,192,20,14,14>As a testament to how great Marie's Crisis is, let me state a few "shocking" (sarcasm alert, sarcasm alert) facts about myself:1. I have a restraining order against all microphones that try to get within 20 feet of my singing voice. It isn't pretty, okay? Do not amplify this voice!2. How do I say this without losing my Friend of Dorothy card? I don't . . . really . . . like show tunes. THERE. Are you happy? I'm uncultured. Yet at the same time breaking stereotypes, oh hey!Anyway, I don't know, the Broadway thing just never happened for this little 'mo. Sure, I found my way to the stage a number of times--like any confused outcast--but I avoided musicals. Probably due to my phobia of singing.Yet, there's something about Marie's charm that suggests you should know more tunes. That way, you too can belt your heart out like the drunk girl falling all over the piano. Man, she's having a blast!There are few things I love more than a cheap drink with a heavy pour. The bartenders know how to get you liquored up while pinching pennies. That alone is reason enough for me to go back time and time again. It's also liquid encouragement. Have you ever seen a person naturally-inclined to singing Broadway tunes drunk? It's 10x the crazy!Weekday happy hours (and even weeknights) seem to be less crowded than weekends, so be aware. It's a small space. When it gets really full, there's a mandatory $1 coat check. In the end, it's all worth it. Because at some point they might humor you with some Disney. And lucky for you, Disney IS something you've taken a liking to. (Even if you'll never fill out that vest the way Aladdin did.)
<review# 912,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2010,12/24/2010,553,249,54,41,41>I love candy. I love sugar. I love anything sweet. In fact it makes me so happy I want to rip down my curtains, wear them as a dress and bust into song!::::clears throat::::Multi flavor fruit slices and bulk bags filled with goodiesBright coloured gumballs, yes, I'm that type of foodieGummy bears, cherries, fish, teeth and worm stringsThese are a few of my favorite yummy thingsCream coloured lollies that taste like apple strudelsWinegums and Lust Bars and Licorice like noodlesTaffy that's laffy and some candy necklace blingYes, 'The Sweet Life' has all of my favorite things.Nuts by the pound full with imported honey and teasHandmade Chocolate covered 'everything', oh yes please!American and European chocolate goodies make me singThese are a few of my favorite thingsWhen the MTA bitesWhen the wind stingsWhen I'm feeling sadI simply remember that 'The Sweet Life' has all these things(and more) And then I don't feel so bad[Repeat all verses][shove candy in mouth]
<review# 913,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2010,12/23/2010,47,141,11,10,14>if ever i were to promote a dictatorship, and if ever i would elect a dictator to run this dictatorship, minetta tavern would be the place and francois would be the man. we arrived at 5:45pm on a sunday night to find there was a 15 minute wait for seats at the bar. happily plopped down by 6pm, francois read us our specials, and then gave us a minute to decide on what we would eat. as he mentioned the baby pig special, my eyes and mouth started to water, and he gave me a smile and a nod that "yes, indeed, it is THAT good." but i was there for one reason, and one reason only - the black label burger. i couldn't let myself be swayed. it was my one reason for going there, and i could not leave without having tried it. our order: bone marrowoxtail and foie gras terrine2 black label burgers (one med rare, one med)we asked if we could put cheese on the burgers. francois shook his head 'no'. "not if this is your first time". fair enough, we thought as we both tried to remember the last time we had a burger without cheese. we started off with the bone marrow. best bone marrow i've had. huge pieces of bone sliced in half. comes with toasted baguette slices and a shallot confit that was the absolute perfect match for the creamy rich marrow. i think this might've been the 2nd best thing we ate that day. the oxtail and foie gras terrine, while good, was probably a bit too rich for me, especially right after the bone marrow. and because the marrow was so delicious, this just could not stand up to the test of taste. skip.then came our burgers. yes, this was the best burger i've had yet. francois did not let us put anything on the burger for the first bite. no ketchup, no mustard, no lettuce, no tomato, no nothing. just meat, bun, bite. it was absolutely delicious. perfectly cooked and seasoned. incredibly tender and soft. so good we decided to continue eating it without any condiments or accoutrements. we took a suggestion from our friendly neighbors at the bar, and ordered 2 glasses of the zinfandel. "Francois, 2 zins please" i yelled loudly enough so he could hear me. he smiled, and began to open a bottle. "Francois, is that zin?" He smiled again. No, it wasn't. but the way that wine went perfectly with our burgers, we didn't care. eh, what do we know anyway. :)for dessert, we were told to order the grand marnier souffle. again, delicious. some people don't like being told what to do, but when what you are being told to do is the best advice you could be given, why argue?long live francois. long live minetta tavern.
<review# 914,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2009,12/22/2010,480,166,11,14,12>There are those nights when your veins are pumping whiskey and you're in search of a spectacular meal. The next morning you might wonder, was it really as good as I remember? Abso-freggin-lutely. I've been here twice, never before 2am, and both times was blown away by the food, service and wine selection. Last time four of us split some appetizers, the hanger steak and the lobster. Amazing. I also hear the oyster bar is excellent but do yourself a favor and get the beef marrow with oxtail marmalade to start. Delicious fatty fatness.This spot serves their full menu until 4am and is the best late night food I've had in the city. It's not cheap, but it is oh so good and oh so hip.Bring a date late night and she'll want to butter your lobster. (If she's a John Mayer fan, grab the table he sits in in his music video: blueribbonrestaurants.co… If you can't finish a night right here, you can't anywhere.)
<review# 915,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2010,12/21/2010,81,147,15,14,14>I think I am in love. Like, real love. Well, about as real as it can get when it comes to loving a bakery. I love everything about Two Little Red Hens. The fact that it's so tiny, how adorable it is, the friendly staff, the beautifully decorated cakes, the delicious cupcakes. I mean, what's not to love?!The red velvet is by far the BEST I've ever tasted. The cake is moist, fluffy and I swear, you can taste the love and effort that went into baking that cupcake/cake. And the cream cheese frosting? My goodness. It's so light, creamy and freaking delicious. Excuse me for sounding disgusting, but I could probably eat a whole tub of it. After I devoured my red velvet cupcake, an image of me sitting in front of a huge red velvet cake from Two Little Red Hens flashed into my mind and I wished that I had bought a large cake instead.I don't often venture up to the UES but it's become obvious that I must now find more excuses to go to 86th St. In the words of Liz Lemon, "I want to go to there."
<review# 916,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2010,12/20/2010,253,439,7,13,11>Sipping a Brooklyn lager at this Harlem watering hole, I made a mental note to myself that not everything cool about NYC resides downtown. The Shrine is a gem. Decorated with old records, African tribal art and paintings by local Harlem arists, The Shrine feels like a true neighborhood joint. Very friendly service. Great small tables up front. A cool bar scene. Lots of elbow room. And live music most nights. Plus, anyplace that pays homage to Bob Marley and Peter Tosh is A-OK in my book.
<review# 917,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2010,12/19/2010,343,542,9,18,13>This place was formerly the Rispoli Pastry Shop, until three weeks ago Peggy's Burger House opened up. This place is really bright. Bright like highlighter orange! There are a few tables in the front and there's a bigger dining area towards the back. Since this is a corner shop, there's plenty of sunlight coming in through the glass from all over making this place even brighter. Any brighter I would need to wear sunglasses, but I like bright, so no complaints. I ordered an order of buffalo wings, a California Dream smoothie, the Peggy's burger deluxe, which comes with either fries, onion rings or curly fries. I ordered the pizza burger for my sister. Plus there are free burger toppings that includes: (inhales) lettuce, tomatoes, relish, onion, grilled onions, grilled mushrooms, pickles, jalapeno peppers, green peppers, mayo, ketchup, mustard, A-1 suace, BBQ sauce and hot sauce (exhales). The food took 20 minutes to make, which was kind of long for just burgers and onion rings/curly fries.The buffalo wings were pretty good. The meat melts right off the bones. It was more sour than it was spicy, but it was still pretty good. Peggy's Burger was really really really good! The burger was very moist, topped with bacon, cheese and chili. On the menu it states that their burgers were never frozen, so I guess that's why the burger was so moist. The onion rings were really good too! The pizza burger has mozzarella cheese and tomato sauce, which was good. I still feel Peggy's Burger was way better. The curly fries were a bit on the soggy end.  Overall the food here is yummy! I will come back here to try other foods on their menu. They do not only serve burgers. They also have homemade soup, hotdogs, sandwiches, fried chicken, salad, juices, and ice cream. I think Shake Shack and Peggy's Burger should have their own throw down with their burgers...okay maybe Shake Shack will win, but still it's really really scrumptious! Okay, so after this meal, I think I will need to bump up my training for jogging even earlier...sigh. But yay for good food! =)
<review# 918,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2010,12/18/2010,240,148,9,13,12>Nom, nom, nom. Cuba is really, really, good.Service is attentive, food is great and reasonably priced, and the atmosphere is excellent. I came here with a large group, and despite that we were seated to our reservation immediately. Our waiter took very good care of us the entire time. I would definitely recommend a side of the fried plantains, they do them very well here, and their empanada appetizer is large and delicious. If youre looking through the drink menus, you may be inclined to get the mojito. But despite the mojito's familiar convenience and minty goodness, I would recommend switching it up and going with the ginger caipirinha. Not the regular one, the ginger one. It's delicious, and you'll definitely be interested in getting a second. Go ahead, try it, and don't hesitate to post back with a compliment after you do :)Pretty much anything on the menu is a winner. I got the paella and it was loaded with lots of delicious seafoods, all done really well, some nicely spiced chorizo, and a delicious piece of tenderly cooked chicken. YL's chimichurri steak was juicy, buttery (in a good buttery steak kind of way) and the chimichurri itself was nice and tangy. The side of yuca mash was exceptional. The table shared some of their molten chocolate cakes for desert and these were devoured thoroughly and quickly. Probably should have ordered more. All in all a great place. So bottom line:Go. Bring your friends. Get the ginger caipirinha.
<review# 919,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2010,12/17/2010,160,235,33,28,28>in the 2+ months that i've been MIA from yelp, i've done the following:- gone to three weddings- trekked to the other side of the world (i.e. australia/NZ) and had my fair share of koalas, licorice and, ahem, men (window shopping, obvi)- tolerated, i mean ENJOYED, every minute of my mother's thanksgiving visit- had 5 cavities filled and a bonding done- lost two fans ... :*( - and, ya know, generally tried to stay true to my baller (shot caller, twenty-inch blade on the impala) waysas for the last item, you're probably thinking ... RIIIGGGGHHHHTTTT.and, i'd pretty much agree with you ... except i went to sunita's for hermano's thirty and dirrrty birthday party and it was a status-changer ... wait, a LIFE-changer.sunita is everything you'd expect ... she's cute. petite. impeccably maintained. owns the same ikea lounge chairs that i have. most importantly, she actually has a cocktail list where i'd be more than obliged to take a sip out of each creation. she's also empty 8PM on a saturday night which was key because our lil group of 10 was loud and just wanted to throw our stuff in a corner and not worry about anyone jacking it. sorry but mama needs TWO hands to enjoy her $12 cocktail. examples include the passion fruit jalapeno martini, elderflower gin and this red thing with rye. sunita also popped our absinthe cherry and didn't pass judgment as nine 30 year olds (and one charming 26 year old ... ME!) watched her, entranced, devise the licorice-tasting concoction. i guess as you approach your 30s, you've gotta work THAT much harder to stay relevant.* * - kudos to the snarky yelper who told me that via g-chat ... you know who you are. sars.
<review# 920,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2010,12/16/2010,532,204,12,15,13>Happy Hour (5-10pm) - $3 Yuengling / $5 Cocktails from list: Lychee Martini, Vietnamese Bloody Mary, Asian Sangria, Mixed Cocktails, House Wine.Yep, folks for the sake of my list I did just restate everything in Verlaine's Happy Hour Box, perhaps you missed it.This place is of course awesome for the very fact that they have happy hour until 10 pm every freaking night and also for their super sugary, super deadly and pretty tasty lychee martini's.  I can really only have two max, as I really don't like sugar headache's.$3 Yuengling is a totally different way to play the night and also quite enjoyable, also the option that may not linger with you the next day at work like a sugar IV of straight vodka will do ya. (Im looking at you Lycheetini dont keep blushing like a geisha and acting so innocent! You are a geisha after all!)I would avoid the expensive and nary filling greasy little apps such as the calamari served with a sugary dipping sauce, yes I inhaled them but they weren't exactly great...sigh just unhealthy buzz snacks. This place is ALWAYS packed and at least two layers of people to reach the bar....
<review# 921,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2013,12/29/2013,577,529,4,15,11>I noticed this place a couple months ago when they were remodeling. Because of its small space, I had figured it would just be another little coffee shop. Come to find out, it's an organic cafe/juice bar.They've got about four or five small tables and counter space seating as well. I love the vibe of the place. The look of it from outside makes me feel like I'm in SF and on the inside, the pottery and archways give me this Arizona/Santa Fe feel.It was early, but the place was already packed. I waited outside on the benches and when the rest of my party arrived, we were seated, which was only about 10 minutes. They have all these plants out there and you almost feel like you're in a garden nook. Loved all the succulents they have in the window as well.They have a decent sized menu for such a quaint cafe. We ordered the tartine, the egg plate, the pickled salmon plate and an acai bowl.The tartine was a beautiful open-faced sandwich with a sunny side up egg on a bed of shaved asparagus and ricotta. It was delicious and although we're now into the fall season, the asparagus evoked a very fresh, spring taste.The egg plate (my choice) was two eggs any style with greens, roasted tomatoes and seven grain toast. We ordered the eggs over easy and they were cooked exactly so - yay! It also came with a choice of the juice of the day, coffee or tea. I went with the fresh juice and the mix of the day was kale, green apple, orange, pineapple and cilantro. It was really delicious and not one component overpowered the others.The pickled salmon plate came with ricotta, pickled onions, cucumbers, parsley salad and toast. Although I thought it was quite a beautiful plate, I didn't really like the texture of the pickled salmon. Maybe because I was expecting smoked salmon instead. Good, but I wouldn't order this in the future.The most interesting pick was the acai bowl. They have three varieties and the one we ordered was the carob, banana, dates with coconut almond walnut granola. Having never seen this as an option elsewhere, this was a must-order. It's served cold and was quite refreshing, especially since it was a semi-humid morning. I got to try a bit of this and would definitely order it again.Other interesting options that I would try in the future are the breakfast sandwich with scrambled eggs & avocado, the big salad with delicata squash & kale or the chia seed breakfast pudding. I love that there's a new neighborhood spot with healthy options. Can't wait to go back soon!
<review# 922,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2013,12/28/2013,213,367,7,13,9>You know those nights where you want to have an upscale dinner, but you unfortunately can't eat too much because your dress won't permit a muffin top? Alta is perfect for those nights.Or you know those nights where you want to treat your lady to a nice dinner, but you're severely restricted by her weird, carb-free, calorie-free diet and you're tired of eating sushi? Alta is perfect for those nights.I was first introduced to this restaurant via a date - I was having both of those aforementioned nights - and I've been coming back here ever since. This is a great spot when I wish to have a nice dinner with friends since it's so accessible to EVERYONE.  The restaurant is conveniently located near the West 4th stop and the PATH 9th street stop.If there are availabilities in seating, request to sit upstairs.  The view is nicer, and it's less noisy than the downstairs dining area.  For food, I'd recommend the following items:1) Crispy Brussel Sprouts ($11.50)2) Lamb Meatballs - ($9)3) Steak Tartare ($14)4) Braised Octopus, Carrot & Rainbow Radish Salad ($13)5) Spaghetti Pepperoncini ($15)6) Bacon Wrapped Dates & Olives ($7)7) Scallop Ceviche ($8)8) Roasted Pork Belly Confit ($18)*Drinks*9) Ginger Mojito ($12) ... so good, I ordered 2 more glasses of this...10) Sicilian ($12)Note: the restaurant only accepts Amex or Cash as forms of payment.  I'd advise you to go with the Amex route, as I've never paid less $100 for a dinner here (just for myself).
<review# 923,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2013,12/27/2013,105,71,6,9,6>I ordered Kutsher's Tribeca for lunch today. We used to order from Katz's on the Lower East Side, but it's always a pain with their high minimums ($80) and delivery charge ($20).  We chose Kutsher's because they were on Seamless (where we have a corporate account). I ordered the Pastrami Sandwich, Duck Fat Fries and the Sour & New Pickles. As for the Pastrami Sandwich, the quality of the meat was fantastic! Juicy, thick cut slices of pastrami. The meat was on the fattier side, but it was marbleized so it wasn't like I had to pull out big chunks of fat that were preventing me from otherwise enjoying my meal. The meat had a very smoky aspect to it as well, which gave it a unique and welcome flavor. The only unfortunate thing was the only mustard they gave us for the rye bread as little packets of Gulden's. I was expecting a fancier mustard: thicker with visible mustard seeds. This was really unfortunate because I felt like otherwise the sandwich was top notch. It was disappointing that they didn't have a better mustard to top it off.The Duck Fat Fries were great! They had the flavor of the duck fat and they were nice and crispy. They were shoestring fries, very thin pieces. They came with enough for 2-3 people, so it was a nice order to split among my coworkers. We also got a box of pickles. It was supposed to be both Sour & New, but they only gave us New pickles. Each Sandwich did come with a sour pickle and a new pickle, so it was very confusing that they wouldn't give it to us in the pickle box as well.Kutsher's was pretty good and I will probably order from them again. There were just a couple things that threw off what would have otherwise been an amazing lunch. Hopefully they figure these things out, then they should be a real New York deli contender.
<review# 924,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2013,12/26/2013,335,242,20,17,15>It was like I was on a scavenger hunt for the perfect N'awlins sandwich. My Yelp app map was homing in on its beacon. Beep. Beep. Beep. All the way to Chinatown with its nondescript storefront. First off, I didn't know what to choose. All the sandwiches sounded great. But as I usually do, I hadn't eaten all day, so I needed something beefy.  Braised Short Rib, spicy horseradish sauce, arugula, cherry tomatoes, on buttered & toasted challah bread. AWWWW SOOKIE! Guy behind the counter asked me if I was from New Orleans. For a second, I thought I was. That sandwich almost had me speaking in tongues. Of course I couldn't leave without trying the Chicken Biscuit. That I took to-go with an order of Ben-Yays... the teeny tiny babies of beignets. Okay, I'm going to be honest even though it'll make me look like a complete pig. That Chicken Biscuit didn't even make it home. So good. Spicy, perfectly deep fried chicken breast with crispy slaw. *Groan* Good food is always accompanied by sex noises. The location is out of the way and there isn't much desirable seating (oh there are benches aplenty, but more decorative than useful). But I will make the effort to return. The guys behind the counter are just too friendly not to see them again.
<review# 925,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2013,12/25/2013,309,472,10,15,13>Luu's is awesome. I'm a connoisseur of authentic PHO, so I made the hike to Kips Bay based on a recommendation from a fellow Yelper (Chris D). If it was closer to my area, I'd eat here on a regular. However, I will make the exception to take a ride down for a Yelp power lunch. This restaurant is located 3 blocks from the 28th street station for the 6 train. There's so much seating available and a working air conditioner is a plus. They have an A rating per NYC board of heath code. Seating in the restaurant for about 30 people. There's a line, but it moves. I got #15 Pho Tai raw beef eye of round, Goi Cuon fresh summer rolls (3 shrimps per) and a fresh Mint Lemonade (better than Le Pain Quotidien), all for under $16 with tax before the optional gratuity. Super friendly staff. Small oversight was that they didn't give me a stack of napkins with the tray.
<review# 926,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2013,12/24/2013,153,348,4,10,7>I'm not sure how long that this has been going on, but apparently the Bowery Whole Foods has been hosting residencies for Smorgasburg vendors. The latest pop up, the Yuji Ramen Test Kitchen, has been there since March, serving simple lunches by day and an intimate multi-course tasting menu by night. Unfortunately, the aforementioned omakase sold out the entire duration of its scheduled run (until May 12) in about two days, so good luck snagging a spot at the 6 seat (!!) dinner counter. I just pinned my hopes on the wait list, which ended up panning out for me tonight, but the inside word from the staff is that they'll be extending their stay until August, so keep an eye out for new dates here: kitchit.com/tickets/YUJI…Why, might you ask? Because Chef Yuji is doing some really creative things with ramen noodles, that's why. Five courses are described only by a type of seafood: salmon, squid, uni, oyster and mussel. (You also get an assortment of pickled veggies to start things off.)My favorite was the salmon. which seemed to be a play on lox with cream cheese. There was cured salmon and creamy Camembert cheese, and lemon, shiso leaves, shredded nori and, my favorite, little crumbles of crispy salmon skin. The noodles were flat and wide, (like a thinner linguini), springy and chewy and amazing. Instead a broth, there was only a small amount of sauce, a style called mazemen. As an Italian, I dug it (I think I've always been a little suspicious of brothy pasta soups that are not chicken noodle, but I've been coming around). It sounds like a very strange combination, but it tasted great. There was a lot of nice textural contrast with the noodles and the creamy cheese and then salmon skin, and the sauce was awesome. The squid came in the form of a spicy tomato ragu with nori breadcrumbs over some strange black orechiette (it occurs to me now that this has to be from squid ink). This was not my favorite. I think the chewy pasta texture didn't work as well for me in the thicker shape. The idea of the squid ragu was interesting, but I think that the flavor of it maybe got a little bit muddled. I liked the uni a lot more. A whole wheat raviolo filled with a mixture of white miso and uni was topped with orange and shiso and a healthy dollop of raw uni. This also had a beautifully bright, citrusy sauce. As for the last two courses, they were pretty crazy. A cold, gelatinous broth, ponzu, poached bacon, minced cucumber, celery leaves and a freshly shucked oyster gets poured over a bowl of hot noodles, and transforms from a jelly into a gorgeous broth. It was wild to see, and the combination of smokey bacon and briney oysters tasted awesome. Then, as if that wasn't enough of an experience for you, the chef breaks out a blow torch and starts torching a chafing dish full of mussel shells, which he explains will infuse his broth with their smoke. And then the broth and the shells are put into a french press, and then you press down and pour the broth over the same noodles as dish #1, scallion and mussels. It's the only really traditional ramen/broth number of the meal, so I thought it was really clever to do such an unusual presentation. This also used a more traditional spaghetti-like noodle (I think from that place Sun Noodle) than the other dishes. It was all very good, and a very unique meal. And if the food wasn't enough to recommend this place, Yuji was very nice and did a great job explaining his dishes and answering all our questions. It's rare to hear firsthand from a chef about what you're eating and what inspired a dish, and it was great to witness his clear passion and pride for his craft. Pretty inspiring. Obviously this little joint is in Whole Foods, so there's not much of an atmosphere, but of the six seats, you definitely want the middle two, which afford the best view of the sweet blow torch action and the like.Lunch has a different menu, including one option that has bacon and egg and sounds like a slam dunk. Lunch items are about $9, the tasting menu is $40 on weekdays and $65 (for seven courses) on Saturday and Sunday. Weeknight seatings are at 6 and 8, weekends have just one seating at 7.
<review# 927,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2013,12/23/2013,1356,271,5,14,9>An unassuming shop right by Penn Station, this is a vegan paradise of deliciousness. In fact, I'm somewhat upset that no one has recommended this place to me yet. Seriously, Yelp friends? Where were you on this??The service was just as good as the food. One girl had this entire place under control. She brought waters without being asked. She handed out smiles and cheerful greetings like it was her job. Better still, like it wasn't her job, but like she really meant it. All the while, handling takeout and seamless orders.On to the food. I had the small macaroni and cheese ($5.50) and the Cowboy Hero ($6.50). The hero was soy pepper steak, tomatoes, pickled cucumbers, mixed greens and tapioca cheese smothered in a  spicy chipotle sauce. I only got through about half of the sandwich before the vegan Mac and cheese came out. More of a buttery flavor than a cheesy one, it had flavorful crumbles that made it absolutely addictive.   It was way too much food for just me, but for that price.. Who cares?!?I just wish that I lived closer. I'm in love with Loving Hut. Think they'll deliver to Brooklyn?
<review# 928,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2013,12/22/2013,147,206,5,10,7>I fell in love with Sichuan food eating at Han's in Philadelphia several years ago.  Upon my first bite I was instantly attracted to its bold and spicy flavors.  It was also my first encounter with the infamous Sichuan flower pepper.  Do not be fooled by these tiny husks, one bite and it'll leave your tongue numb, your lips tingling, and your mind wanting more...so you can imagine my elation when Han opened shop in Manhattan.  So we headed to Han during their soft opening to feast.  Many of the dishes had a spice level of 3 chili peppers but it was missing the most important component of Sichuan food...the Sichuan flower pepper.  While everything was perfectly seasoned and had a good amount of heat, it was missing that mouth numbing, licorice tasting, zesty slap in the mouth that I was hoping for.  However, make no mistake, my friends, Han still puts out some of the best Sichuan dishes in the New York area.My favorite dishes of the night:  spicy crispy cucumbers, wonton in chili oil, and pork belly in garlic sauce.  I'm not usually a fan of cucumber salads, but this low key dish was crispy, crunchy, briny, and spicy and was both refreshing and addicting.  It is definitely something I could eat as a meal with rice and be completely satisfied.Overall, a welcomed edition to Union Square and just in time for the cold of winter.
<review# 929,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2013,12/21/2013,359,493,5,15,6>Rockwood music hall ROCKS. I really enjoyed coming here and plan on coming back!Here are my TIPS (mainly for the 'free' stage)- There are 3 stages at Rockwood. One you pay for (usually) one that's free, and one that's a mystery to me- You enter on Allen street- There are new bands every hour that perform in the 'free section'- They request 1 drink per set, but don't enforce it. Don't be a jerk.- Drinks are cheap. Good wine for $10 a pop, poured with a heavy hand- Waitress will come around with a bucket for tipping the artist. Show your support! - There are seats along the bar and a couple tables, but it's really smallA perfect evening would consist of: drinks at blue ribbon beer garden, dinner at sons of essex, music at rockwood, then go play arcade games at two bit. All within steps of each other. You're welcome for figuring out your next date night!
<review# 930,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2013,12/20/2013,327,345,8,10,9>You Guys! Hill Country Chicken doesn't suck! Which is weird because the full blown BBQ restaurant by the same name is incredibly mediocre. I don't know what "healthy" means so when TBW and I hear of a new fried chicken place near our apartment, we immediately round up friends and go. We went in one night and ordered the fried chicken of course. We weren't sure what we wanted, and the friendly staff helped us choose. I ordered two boneless fried chicken tenders and a drumstick. I also ordered sides: Pimento Mac and Cheese, Cheesy Fried Mashed Potatoes and some creamy coleslaw. The chicken was unreal. But only the chicken tenders. Really, really moist and extra crispy skin. Fairly hearty in size as well. You get two for $6.00 and with some sides, you really don't need much more. The drumstick was just okay, it doesn't even hold a candle to places like Pies and Thighs, but it was decent enough. I ate most of it. But the chicken tenders are amazing and you should get that instead. As far as the sides go, I wasn't thrilled with anything, except the mac and cheese. I don't understand why their mac and cheese is so good, but just around the corner at the main restaurant it was so bad? That's stupid. Anyway, I loved it, except for the pimentos, mostly because I don't like pimentos, but they were pretty easy to pull out. Or - stop being such a sissy and suck it up and eat it, for the love of pasta and gooey cheese. The mashed potatoes were not really mashed, they were more like a breakfast hash, and were pretty good, but I could skip them next time. We ordered too much food, so we talked about how we could and would cut back the next time we dine here, which will be very soon. The cole slaw was very good, very classic and crunchy, not dripping in sauce, which is nice, and it paired well with the chicken. Of note: I forgot to order a biscuit before paying, but TBW said it was hardly worth it. And he loves breads like you read about. Why can't Hill Country as a company get their breads right? The seating is first come, first served and there are mostly communal style tables. The biggest problem with this was that many people were sitting around playing cards or board games, which makes it hard for those of us with hot food to snag a seat and start eating. I think the restaurant should have a policy about getting up and going when you are done. While the seating area isn't small, it's not too large either, so letting people sitting around for hours once their meal is over really takes away from those who want to dine there - and subsequently can't get a seat. We also tried dessert because JAK (my bestie who also joined us for the meal) had read about them and they did sound delicious, so we went up to the counter a second time to grab some treats. We wound up getting quite a few, mostly just to try: Whiskey Buttermilk (weird, but I really liked it. TBW & JAK really didn't though.), Cowboy pie (I didn't like it, it was very hard to eat because it was so stiff, TBW liked it, JAK didn't love it), S'mores (TBW was the only one who liked it, but said it was only okay. I was hardly impressed) and the Texas Billionaire Pie (also mediocre). I wouldn't bother with the pies because then you can have more chicken and that's what the real star is here, not that you should be surprised when it's right in the name, and the sides are far better than regular Hill Country, although still only pretty good and nothing too stellar. I do want to try the fries next time and the corn dish, which they had run out of by the time we got there.AND - if anyone cares of my opinion at all, which I'm sure very few of you do, this place should skip their breakfast and be open until midnight or later, it's the perfect location for some BBQ food after the bar. But only being open until 10, that doesn't really help me or any other imbibing New Yorker. Just a thought. But seriously do it. Okay, thanks.
<review# 931,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2010,8/16/2011,447,368,17,31,33>Deanna W and I have been trying to get to Shopshin's for a few months now. Between her schedule conflicting with mine and the fact that Shopshin's have a very limited and weird opening hours, it was hard to find time to go to this place.  The restaurant is open only 5 days a week.  Sunday and Monday they are closed.  When they are opened, they close crazy freakin early.  3 PM everyday except Saturday, in which they close even earlier at 2:30 PM.  A few days ago, the stars, the moon, my lucky rabbit's foot and both our schedules finally  aligned together perfectly and off we went to Shopshin's.I have read about how mean the owners could get if you didn't follow their rules and if they didn't like you, there was a very good possibility that they would refuse to serve you. Anticipating that, I have studied up on some of the things I am not supposed to do.  Don't take photos.  Check.  No using cell phones. Check.  Make sure I had an idea of what to order from their menu ( jammed to the max with a crazy amount choices in tiny tiny small fonts   shopsins.com/wp-content/…  )  before you get there.  Check.  No party bigger than 4.  Check.  Arriving at Shopshin's, we were initially thrown off by the fact that  there was no diners and the chairs were upside down on top of the tables.  Crap.   Were they closed early? It was only 1 :30 PM.  A moment later, we saw the stickers that was stuck on the underside of the chairs.  I don't remember the exact words but it was something like "Don't touch the chairs unless we  say you could be seated."  Nice.   Even their chairs have attitudes.  We quickly waved down one of the people working there and were given permission to sit down. With a short discussion of what to order, we ended up getting the smashburgers and the mac'n cheese pancake.The smashburgers is basically 3 small sliders on a roll with melted cheddar cheese and grilled onions.   The meat was incredibly soft and it was overflowing with onion goodness.  The whole burger feels like it was going to melt into your mouth and taste buds.  It comes with a side of greens and slices of pickles to add as you please.Two of the most mentioned plates here are the mac'n cheese pancake and the slutty pancake.  I chose the mac'n cheese because it seemed more savory based on the description.  Along with 6 pancakes, they gave us a brand new unopened personal bottle of maple syrup with just enough syrup for the meal.   Unexpectedly they also gave us a large squeeze bottle full of hot sauce.  I know what you are thinking.  Oh no, there goes Wing with his hot spicy stuff again.  I swear I didn't know that it came with this before ordering.   The hot sauce, which is indeed spicy, gives the pancake a nice kick to the taste buds but the maple syrup's sweetness neutralizes the heat enough to make it more than bearable to the palate.  Pancakes and hot sauce are a strange combo. Sweet and spicy, who would have thought it'll work so well together?  The pancake was really soft and fluffy with bits of the mac'n cheese within giving it a contrasting chewy texture.  It's a plate that is hard to imagine so it's best to try it yourself.Walking away, I think the biggest surprise was that when we were there, the people were very nice to us which is so unlike the image I had of them based on their reputation.   All that anticipation of a hard time...wasted... sigh. I have seen the documentary about Shopshin's called "I like killing Flies" so I know how rude they could get but it seems like if you respect their rules,  they will treat you with respect in turn.  With the large menu, I would be happy and even thrilled to go back to this establishment to try out more of their creative recipes if they are all up to par with what we tasted that day.
<review# 932,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2010,8/15/2011,157,490,31,42,43>"YOU want to go to Williamsburg for dinner? YOU? I can't believe it!""Look, making fun of hipsters is so 2007. Been there, done that. I'm at peace now"This conversation gave me pause for thought while debating my rating. On the one hand, I was advocating moving beyond appearances, yet on the other I couldn't escape the suspicion that I was getting carried away by the ambiance at Tabare.My first visit had been spurred by the glowing reviews of Laura A, sarah w, and peter d. Now I may discount peter d's reviews (*) as his profile headline screams escape from responsibility ("when you're young, there are no mistakes. only research"), but I take 5 star reviews from Laura and sarah seriously. So, I will echo Laura's description of Tabare: "Rustic style but sophisticated and yes, trendy too. It's charming. The lighting is beautiful. You will feel comfortable, it's cozy; it's sexy. You can fall in love." Ok, that's where I draw the line. No amount of mood lighting, or sexy atmosphere can send me running to read Shakespeare, or Keats. It's what's on the inside that counts, so let's talk about the food. Now, that's where the relationship gets complicated. The extent to which Uruguayan cuisine is influenced by Italian, Spanish, and Portugese cuisines is surprising to one not too familiar with it. I debated for a while on what to order, looking for something different - but ultimately going with the empanadas (caramelized onions, gruyere & fontina cheese; and chicken, onions and peppers) and the handmade Ravioli of the day (goat cheese, ricotta, sun dried tomato, butter sage sauce). I got a taste of the things to come with the warm bread basket that was accompanied with homemade Tapenade and orange zest. Simple, but well executed: that was the theme of the entire meal. The empanadas were so different (thicker, but not heavier) in texture from any I've had in New York, that the next morning I engaged my Puerto Rican colleague in a long debate on this. The olive oil based dipping sauces served as the perfect accompaniment, till the taste buds were wowed by the Ravioli - which must also rank as one of the best I've had, and Italian is one of my favorite cuisines.I was also surprised by the Alfajor, as the ones I've had in the restaurants and bakeries in Jackson Heights are fairly consistent in their interpretation with each of the dulce de leche filled cookies being ~ 1/6th of an inch thick. The version at Tabare had cracker thin crisp cookies, with dulce de leche & chocolate ganache, and sea salt caramelized walnuts. It was different, and I liked it - but I appreciated the dule de leche flan more as it had a mousse like texture. I was fascinated with the way the flan wraps around the fork as you slice it down, alternating the grace of a ballerina with the sensuality of a stripper working the pole. This reverie was interrupted by ecstatic sounds from the table next to me upon being offered complimentary flan (the owner's grandmother's recipe). That HAS to be my pet peeve with Tabare: three visits - and not a single complimentary appetizer or dessert, when almost every table (with female patrons) has been rewarded.I would protest at the discrimination (*), if it weren't for the work ethic, dedication, attentiveness of the owners as they bring you water, serve you food, make recommendations, clean the table - one can only wish them well, and hope that they succeed in their "hamlet away from the village" (Tabare).Ultimately, when all elements: food, service, atmosphere, and value (~$35 per head) come together, how can one hold back one's affection? Sometimes, attraction is as much a result of how similar something is to what one knows, as it is about how different it is - especially if thoughtfulness ensures perfect execution on the details.========(*) I kid
<review# 933,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2011,8/14/2011,804,1655,12,29,25>Initially when I first came in, I was not impressed. For one, no one seemed to be manning the counter or paying any attention to new customers coming in. We stood at the counter for a good 10 minutes before anyone cared to talk to us. The clerk at the front seemed a bit overwhelmed and apathetic at the same time. While we were waiting patiently, a man comes from the back and walks toward the counter. He greets us and is extremely friendly. I got a good vibe from him. And with things like body art, it is important to feel a good vibe. I told him what I wanted, and he immediately said it was no problem. In fact, he was also working on a similar symbol for another client. We agreed to an appointment for the next day. The next day arrives and we show up as soon as they open. It did take awhile before my appointment actually got started, but I am OK with that. This isn't a dentist's office. All I can say is Jeb Maykut is awesome, artistic, warm and professional. Jeb made sure to tell me that he was a licensed body artist and also that the store met all regulations for body art, which includes an infection control course and a licensing exam. He also made me feel right at home. It was extremely comfortable to work with Jeb and the 2 hours flew by. He was extremly considerate to his clients and asked what music they wanted to listen to while he did his work. I was OK with anything, but he put on Ladytron. Score! He even gave me a nice discount. This was a birthday present to myself. Jeb also offered touch-up for free once everything healed.I also learned that Jeb likes to do Japanese art design with a mystical twist. We chatted extensively about his interests and he wants to go to Japan to study with a body artist there. Please check out his artwork: jebmaykuttattoo.com/work…A clean and fun studio that is professional and at the same time friendly and serious about their work. Only in Brooklyn baby, only in Brooklyn.
<review# 934,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2011,8/12/2011,768,644,5,16,10>Just like how spaghetti and meatballs or meatloaf often evokes warm childhood memories for many, food here elicits those same sentiments from deep inside me. Raised by a Szechuanese mother, my favorite childhood foods were without a doubt mapo tofu, double-cooked pork belly with leeks, water boiled fish, stir-fried potatoes with chilis, blistered long peppers, and spicy braised chicken. However, it has been over a decade since I last tasted those wonderful creations from my mother, as she stopped cooking in the house after the 4th grade. Although I now do not eat Szechuan cuisine on a regular basis, my appreciation for this unique regional cooking has not diminished the least bit. However, I am rather picky about Szechuan restaurants I have come across over the years, especially in NYC (there are many more viable options in Los Angeles), as I can't help but to compare them to those from my cherished childhood recollections.I must say, Szechuan Gourmet comes pretty close to my mother's cooking. In fact, I was first introduced to this place 3 years ago when my mom visited the city from back west. She insisted we have dinner here out of all the other more "prestigious" restaurants in the city... well, if it's good enough for her (someone born and raised in Szechuan) then it's good enough for me!I highly recommend the water boiled sliced fish fillets swimming in a hot pool of chili oil (labeled 4 peppers on their menu), but it really isn't that spicy. The Szechuan peppercorns really add a depth of flavor like you wouldn't expect, and the tender sole fillets along with napa cabbage and bamboo shoots add some crunch and textural balance. The wontons in hot chili oil is very good as well, as the sesame paste adds creaminess that helps cool down the heat. Blistered long peppers, mapo tofu, stir-fried string beans with pork bits, double-cooked pork belly and chili leeks, hot & spicy cold noodles and cumin lamb are great here as well.And if you don't like or can't eat very spicy food, don't fret. Even the most timid eaters can appreciate the other truly delicious (and milder) Chinese dishes at this place. They have some reliable seafood dishes, sesame chicken, frog legs, and scallion pancakes that taste better than most versions found in Chinatown.I don't normally review Chinese restaurants because my standards for Chinese food are almost impossibly high. Being half-Szechuanese, my standards for Szechuan cuisine are therefore even higher. Trust me, come here for the best Szechuan cuisine in NYC!
<review# 935,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2011,8/11/2011,476,542,17,37,32>$1 Oyster Special All Day, Every Day! How can you not love just the sound of these words?!Cornelius spots a curved wooden ceiling and exposed brick walls, a beautiful, long bar covered in mosaic tiles, and unobstructed view that is just perfect to watch the sun set in Brooklyn while sitting at the bar.The bar[1] offers 10 draft beers, with flights priced between $5 (two beers) and $10 (four beers). Interestingly, they also serve a German riesling and a Long Island merlot on tap[2]. From their cocktail list, I tried The Cornelius: lime, honey and sage muddled together with gin. A bit too light for my liking, but balanced and certainly very refreshing. It goes very well with oysters.During a recent visit, we were fortunate enough to meet new chef Chris Caracciolo: an enthusiastic guy with a genuine passion for oysters, which he gets fresh on a daily basis. Chris likes to keep the rotating oyster menu at Cornelius interesting, with unusual picks alongside some classics. After sampling a couple of plates of Blue Points[3], we wanted to get a few Kumamotos. Unfortunately they were out of Kumamotos that evening, but chef Caracciolo gave us a few Hammersley oysters (WA) to try for free: deep-cupped, creamy-white, plump, with a strong, sweet flavor and a mineral, mild finish. I loved them!Alongside with drinks and oysters, we also got the flat bread with pancetta, truffled goat cheese, and wild mushrooms ($10). It is as good and satisfying as it sounds.Overall Cornelius is a great bar to mingle and relax. For its nice, welcoming atmosphere, no attitude, and great oyster happy hour, the bar at Cornelius gets five well deserved stars.--------------------------------[1] Drinks Happy Hour Monday all Night, and 5pm - 7pm daily .[2] A method that prevents oxidation, apparently.[3] Blue Points can be a bit of a hit-or-miss thing, but in this case they were nice, plump oysters that were surprisingly rich in flavor.
<review# 936,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2011,8/10/2011,611,712,32,25,28>"I've got a bad feeling about this."Like Han in the trash compactor, I felt the walls closing in on me as I embarked on my third (????or fourth??) night of debauchery. 6 pm and we're ready to get down to business. I feel all responsibility slipping away, and my heart hurts as I hear that each cocktail would cost me $14. I am ANTI fancy expensive cocktails, but sometimes you just have to act like you're hot shit to feel like shit the next morning. You'd think that having no menu would be liberating.  You'd think it would be a pinch. I had a panic attack at the number of options. A chalk wall boasted a myriad of fresh fruits, herbs, and veggies for flava. I couldn't decide! So I started with a "refreshing herbal bourbon based drink". I got a clementine & thyme concoction. It was fantastic. And easily my LEAST favorite drink of the evening. Halfway through I switched with my girl and finished her Kiwi Honeydew drink. Mmm. Those kiwi seeds (nature's pop rocks) really took the drink to THE NEXT LEVEL. Every drink following was awesome, I think the most impressive was my friend's blackberry ginger gin drink. The bartender put like 5340986 different things in there. It was amazing, complex, and refreshing all at the same time. I wanted to cry. I begged for another sip, and then I asked him to make something similar with bourbon. It just wasn't phenomenal. The food was pretty decent. The pork belly needs a lot of work, but they get points for serving it on apple chips. I really liked the tuna tartare with what was basically guac on top. It was accompanied by a watermelon gelee and chopped cucumber. I could eat 10lbs of tuna tartare. 10lbs. The sweet potato fries were..sweet potato fries, and they proved to be a fantastic vehicle for the scrumptious chipotle mayo. I should not eat 10lbs of chipotle mayo. I'd definitely return again, but it would be:A) After paying my friends back for my bar tab lololol            andB) for one or two drinks. You really don't need to get this drunk. Especially on a Sunday afternoon/early evening. On the bright side, I am currently perfuming my office with the sweet scent of top shelf liquor. okay
<review# 937,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2011,8/9/2011,584,571,10,18,18>El Rey Del Taco Truck proffers the stuff that taco dreams are made of. The tacos are addictive enough to inspire cross-borough cravings. I tried the al pastor (roasted pork) and enchilada (spicy pork) tacos with the works (onion, cilantro, radishes, lime, tomatillo salsa).  Both were very tasty with generous portions of tender, marinated meat that soaked through the soft corn tortillas.  Others may disagree, but I thought the enchilada was plenty spicy even before the addition of the salsa.  My friends seemed to enjoy their bistec tacos and chicken quesadilla. Even though there was a line at the truck, it moved quickly.  Now that I've finally tried it, I don't think that I'm going to be able to make any trips to Astoria that don't include a stop at this truck.
<review# 938,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2011,8/8/2011,343,317,28,55,46>I've been sitting on my discovery of Kuti's for sometime now, quietly savouring their appetizing fare over the course of the winter. Lunch time excursions to Harlem were formerly clandestine affairs. But sharing is caring and it's high time I've publicly praised the wonders of this small take out joint. After all, going out of business from a dearth of word of mouth may be a more disagreeable event than being run amok with popularity.This was a great find because it closed the gap I had lingering about two things I heard about from friends: 1) the wonders of West African shawarma and 2) the eclectic food that came out of a former French-African restaurant in Brooklyn-Korhogo 126. Kuti's is literally a hole in a wall. It's not dirty by any means but it's a tiny sliver of a space with standing room only for a few patrons at a time. The owner, who hails from the Ivory Coast, used to run the kitchen at Korhogo 126. He's pared things down considerably in his new humble venture. Kuti's main feature is shawarma, Middle Eastern sandwiches by way of West Africa. I used to be under the impression that the Lebanese made a fine shawarma but a former Ivory Coast colleague of mine used to chide me for my so-called simple tastes. She extolled the virtues of her home country's shawarma, claiming that the difference was second to none. And you know what? I'm almost inclined to agree after tasting Kuti's lamb shawarma. Seriously, I thought my head was going to explode from gastronomic euphoria after tasting the potent potable. Succulent, crispy shards of rich, earthy lamb are deftly shaved off a spit and bundled up in pita bread. The meat is delicately flavoured with coriander, cumin and ras-el-hanout spices. Stewed lemony peas, tomato, pickles and steak fries complete the fixings. After a few dashes of hot sauce, the wrap is put in a panini press for a few minutes until the exterior reaches a golden crunchy brown. The rest of the shawarma flavours vary: homemade merguez, beef tongue, liver, kidney, brain (yes!), peri-peri shrimp and chicken. Hey, chicken is chicken but Kuti's serves a tasty version which they label as West African jerk. The dark meat pieces are tender and carry a nice smokey flavour. Be prepared to do some gnawing though, it comes with a lot of bones.Portions are huge and the prices are fantastic. $5 for a sandwich or $7-8 for a platter of meat, rice, potatoes and veg.They get a lot of business from the taxi and livery cab drivers that stop by for a quick bite on the go. Some will tell you that the velvety liver is dope, while others opine that the shrimp is beautifully sautéed and has a nice peppery kick. But oh man, that lamb is something else. It's renewed a food lust inside me for all things that go 'bahhhhh!'
<review# 939,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2011,8/7/2011,294,271,16,24,21>"I can't eat that.""Why? Is something wrong?""It's just too pretty."Beautiful - that's the word that comes first to mind when you enter graffit. The decor is breathtaking - with three sections designed in different ways, you pass from a bar area to a classy dining room with mirrors and graffiti on the walls, to a sunlight back area with a distinct garden feel. And it's not just the interiors, each dish that I've tried there has been conceptualized in a moment of inspiration. The plating is absolutely gorgeous. The execution is mostly nice, with a few exceptions.I've been here several times, for brunch and dinner. While the portions are not large, I think the brunch menu is quite interesting. I do have a gripe though - the sweet section of the brunch menu should really be called dessert. I honestly don't think anyone eats that much whipped cream with their pancakes, or eats a deconstructed cappucino or those mediocre churros for brunch. No sir, they don't. It's dessert, alright. I do however recommend the tortillas and their poached eggs. Their fresh ricotta is delicious too.Their dinner menu does offer much less variety for vegetarians, but has enough to keep me interested. Also, they are happy to serve tapas from the bar room in the main dining area, so do ask. The "egg" with the vegetable stew is one of my favourite dishes. It's mild, earthy and flavourful and I have no idea how they injected a whole egg yolk into cauliflower puree but it is genius. I have heard great things about the carrot cake but the creamy kale is average and the roots dish is just plain daylight robbery. I am not about to shell out my precious 14 dollars for a bunch of chopped turnips and daikon. Among the carnivorous eats, my friend enjoyed her suckling pig dish muchly.They also have a great selection of Spanish wine and serve a mean cocktail, often with stuff like lemon dust or bergamot mist or apple foam thrown in. I would recommend trying the beet goes on.. but only if you like beets. and celery. (I know I am talking to a pretty tiny audience here). Among the desserts, the warm liquid is a must try! The spanish moscatel is interesting as well, but I found the cheesecake a tad unidimensional despite its components. To be fair, it's only their version 1. I'm waiting for the rest.I certainly have been here with some people who agree that it is one of the most arrestingly beautiful food they have laid their eyes on, but it is form over function. I'll let you decide, but where else would you find patatas bravas served in a Piet Mondrian style?P.S. Check out their forks and knives. It's like the Avatar version of silverware.
<review# 940,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2011,8/6/2011,227,484,7,16,14>I've been here twice already and will probably be back again.  I've tried about 2/3rds of the menu and am aiming to try everything.Despite the orange colors which remind me of the Yelp stars, it's actually a pretty cool place to chill and have dinner with friends.  The ceiling is a little low so it does make it very loud in here but it's very casual.Some of my faves include:The chop chop saladImperialist hot dogBibimbap burger (this won best Burger in NY!)Smoked ribsHot wingsThe Bulgogi burgerThe Hanoi burgerSome things to skip entirely:Southeast Asian pickles - No flavor and not enough pickleling.Both desserts (Yuzu cream puffs & chocolate toffee brownie).When I went, they didn't have their liquor license yet but I've heard they got it now.  Also when I went Angelo was making his rounds but I didn't get to catch him.  I'd already met him during his first week of opening when he was giving out free food.  He's actually really nice in person and not at all like his TV persona from TC.  He does however wear tight pants and dwarfs me in comparison.  Maybe it's his low ceiling's in the restaurant?The burgers are huge and really messy to eat, and cooked medium but the flavors are deeply embedded into the meat and toppings.  I wonder if they made them into bite size sliders if they'd be easier to eat?The wait kind of sucks because they're still new but hopefully it'll get better.
<review# 941,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2008,11/19/2008,125,122,26,18,19>Let me caveat this review by saying that I recently did a 3 week detox. No meat, no dairy, no booze, no caffeine, and nothing cooked. Nothing but raw fruits, veggies, and nuts. The day after I got off this diet, my boy from Philly took me out to celebrate my detox by retoxing at 99 Miles to Philly. The fact that I hadn't had meat or cheese in almost a month may have influenced this review.The place is very small and can get a bit crowded. They have a big screen TV which helps pass the time while you wait. We found a seat after a little while and the place cleared up after 5 or 10 minutes. It seems like a lot of people just come here for take out. I got a cheesesteak "wit onions", (cheese) "wiz", lettuce, tomatoes, and green peppers. Did anyone else know that adding lettuce and tomatoes make it a hoagie? We also split an order of onion rings which were quite good.This was the best hoagie I've ever had and in the discussion for being one of the Top 5 sandwiches I've ever had. I don't know what kind of bread they use but it was incredible. Perfectly spongy and soft. My boy told me they use the authentic Philly cheesesteak bread.Everything about this sandwich was good. They lovingly douse the steak "wit wiz" so every bite has that almost sexual goodness to it. They put the perfect amount of onions and peppers in it and the lettuce and tomato were fresh and delicious. I also love how they put the condiments on while the sandwich is extremely hot and press down on it. When you get it, it's not steak AND onions AND wiz AND lettuce AND tomatoes. It's the 5 of them working together as a team like the 1982 76ers with Dr J and Moses Malone.
<review# 942,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2008,11/18/2008,350,246,22,17,26>THIS is why we put up with apartments the size of airline toiletsTHIS is why we put up with shi*&y MTA serviceTHIS is why we put up with 60 bagizillion touristsTHIS is why we put up with rent that is 800x the national standardTHIS is why we put up with homeless who CHASE you for changeTHIS is why we put up with rabid pigeonsTHIS is why we put up with fetid trash-smelling summersTHIS is why we put up with $20 martinisWe live in this city so that we can have the best pizza on earth at any hour of any day in any weather in any mood. We live in this city so that we can have THAT pizza with an AMAZING burger, or chicken sandwich, or Greek salad, or cheese fries or spanacopita (etc etc) - DELIVERED 24/7! This is NYC at it's best - an amazing, quirky place that has everything and caters to every one of the freaks and geeks in this city. I sat and had a dripdownyourarmsintoyourwafflefries burger next to some vegans next to a great dane that was nearly as tall as my wife (seriously) next to an actor from San Diego next to a Jewish woman who had a ten minute request for how to do her tuna-melt perfectly....great!!
<review# 943,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2007,11/15/2008,241,290,14,20,22>I'm pretty sure, I ate deep fried pancakes yesterday! Is that how they do it down under? um, it was...aaah, how do I say? NOT GOOD. The pancakes mind you. Everything else, was jolly great!Super sized yelp brunch organized by Jaxstar had many oldtimers mingling (I mean drinking) with a newbie here and there. As far as I could tell, we all had a blast. The staff here are super amazing! Even though I thought not so highly of Bondi and yelped about it, the owner took it in stride, with a charming sense of humor!I have decided...that I freakin love all you can drink. In the afternoon. Slather (eww, i hate that word!) on the sunscreen and get thee to Sunburnt!
<review# 944,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2008,11/12/2008,128,106,33,28,36>The strap on my dress broke when I was getting out of the cab in front of Le Bernardin. Fanfriggin'tastic. So there I was, meekly asking the Maitre d' if  she had a safety pin while we were being shown to our table. "Iz eet for your dress?" she whispered. ["No, I ordinarily stand with my hand twisted behind my back like Houdini"] "Yes." I said.  Two minutes later, the Maitre d' handed me a needle and light green thread the exact color of my dress. Needles (sic) to say, Le Bernardin had me at hello.  The chef's tasting menu with wine pairings is the most delicious of any in NYC. The seafood is perfect, and enhanced by rare wines I will never forget. After explaining the vintage of our first glass, the Sommelier smiled and asked "how did that needle and thread work out?" 'Nuf said.Having the utmost respect for Yelpers, I read the reviews of Le Bernardin before I came. One review pointed out that the pour was more generous for men than women, so I was looking out for it. The glasses poured by the Sommelier were perfectly even - almost artfully so. But midway through the meal, he got busy and his understudy did the pouring. Alas, a noticeable difference. I winked at my guy and slid my glass over to his to point this out. By the time I had slid my glass back into place in front of me, the first Sommelier was at our table pouring both of us more wine. Without a word, he disappeared. He was ours again - we didn't see the understudy for the rest of the night. Be still my heart.Oh, and Ripert was in the dining room. He's very attractive. (Don't tell my guy I said so). Unbelievable food. Impeccable service. Le Bernardin is my new favorite splurge. Make it yours, too. But be careful getting out of the cab.
<review# 945,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2008,11/11/2008,203,182,14,19,17>Yeah--typical taco truck you'd find in LA. Only THIS ISN'T LA. And there aren't taco trucks zoomin all over the city parking wherever's convenient. So that's why, here in New York, El Idolo, and all the other taco trucks out there, are worthy of idol status. Plain and simple.Had a carnitas taco here and it was spot-on. I hail from Southern California and miss the taco action just as much as anyone else. But unless you're destination dining for tacos in LA (see The Great Bandini taco blog) then this is a perfectly good taco. Nice crunchy, fatty pork piled on double corn tortillas, topped with a little chopped onion, cilantro and a few radish slices for good measure.Light years ahead of any of these pathetic Mexican restaurants in the East Village/LES that just plain suck, because they should stick to the stuff they know--black beans and plaintains. No problem with that...love Caribbean food. But don't slap a big sign out front that says "Mexican Restaurant". But rest assured. El Idolo is not a false idol. You can worship freely, as you please. And I'll take a little hot sauce on that.
<review# 946,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2008,11/9/2008,64,161,7,18,14>I'm gonna start my review with Wheelchair access, YES, YES, YES it is accessible. I said it 3 times 'cause there are 3 votes saying it isn't. Let the folks at Lure know you use a wheelchair - call ahead, send someone in. On the Mercer side of the restaurant there is a service entrance that leads to an elevator that takes you downstairs. The staff was quick to help and friendly, the service entrance was clean, well lit and the elevator was big. There's also an accessible bathroom downstairs. So Lure is not just accessible, it's very accessible.  There are already too many restaurants and shops that aren't accessible in NYC, by saying a place isn't when it is only causes more confusion. Now on to the food. I can't truly judge Lure's full menu because I was there with a 20+ party honoring someone and we all ordered from a 3-course prix fixe menu. I ordered the shrimp cocktail that arrived with 4 meaty, fresh shrimp and a tangy cocktail sauce as well as mustard. For my main it was the Branzino filet. Very nicely cooked, skin on with a very subtle herb sauce. Dessert was the strawberry rhubarb crisp which was really, really good. The decor is kinda like an old wooden Chris Craft speed boat. At times it was a bit loud in the main room.
<review# 947,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2007,11/8/2008,277,615,17,15,15>Irene F., Glenn L. and I came here after the Ritz kicked us out at 4 AM last night (or is that this morning?), so The Skinny gets extra points for being open past 4 AM. It also loses extra points for all the heteroness. However, it regains a few points as Glenn managed to meet a gay man in line waiting for the loo, and then getting distracted in the bathroom and forgetting pee altogether. But it's back to neutral ground because I didn't approve of drunken Glenn's choices. Also, apparently, half of Irene's friends from high school work here now. The bouncer is a true gentleman as he walked Irene to the ATM, put her in a cab and sent her home. Also, I have rarely ever met so many aggressive and forward women, at least three introduced themselves and went to some rather un-subtle flirting. This place would make for one of the merriest of times  for hetero and the gang.
<review# 948,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2007,11/7/2008,5,13,6,24,17>OK, where do I start. First of all, if you're going to enjoy this place, you've got to be in a certain mindset. Don't go expecting to be king of the world, because you're not. The rice is. Don't go expecting to fill yourself up. Depending on your budget, and how you order, you very well might leave hungry. But that's ok. Because you're gonna have a great time, and what's wrong with a little ramen after dinner anyway? Basically, go in there the first time with the mindset that you're going to a very serious/fine dining sort of place, because that's what it is. Afterwards you can decide that it's the kind of place you'll want to make your regular sushi place, but won't be able to afford to. Expect to be humbled.OK, so here are some pointers for first timers:1) Make a reservation to sit at the sushi bar at the very least, and sit in front of the man, Mr. Yasuda if your date/time is flexible. The core of the place is in front of Mr. Yasuda, and at the sushi bar in general. That's what you're coming for. More on Mr. Yasuda later. 2) It's easy to be intimidated, but don't worry about it. Ordering at the beginning was the hardest part, but even if you make a misstep, it's ok. Mr. Yasuda will forgive you. I've read so many different things about how to order and costs and everything, I thought I had it figured out. No, I didn't. But it's really simple. For the first time, take it piecemeal. (3) Get the basic set to start, which is like less than $20 and has 8 nigiri and a half tuna-roll (which my friend said was the best tekka-maki he ever had. I agree.) This is what he'll suggest, just to get the ball rolling. He'll ask you what you don't eat. Tell him. Then he'll give you the nigiri, one by one. It will be awesome. Don't bother with soy sauce, or anything else for that matter. He's already seasoned it for you. Pay attention to the rice. Remember what I said about you not being king of the world? You're not it. But you'll start to feel like it as the meal goes on. 3) After the set is over, start looking at the list the waiters gave you at the beginning, with suggestions for that day marked in red. Start thinking of what looks good to you. Then have the chef choose 4 or 5 more nigiri for you. That's what omakase means: "you decide." It's not a pre-fixe menu. It's whatever the chef thinks is good, and thinks that you'll like. The sushi experience is all about the interaction between you and the sushi chef, and about you trusting him to make you happy. One of two things will happen. Either he'll pick what you were looking at, in which case you'll be amazed at his mind-reading abilities (this happened to us), or he'll pick something totally different. Either way, it's going to be good. Even if you don't think you like sea urchin roe, if he utters the word uni, you say "yes, please." Same goes for eel.4) At this point it's up to you. You can ask for suggestions, you can ask him for specific things, you can ask him to choose. Whatever. At this point, you can keep going until it feels right to stop. You'll be having a grand-old time with the chef at this point, so he'll know what you like, but if something catches your eye, don't be afraid to ask for it. 5) A cool thing about the list that's in front of you. You'll always know how much each piece is, so you can keep an eye on your budget. The most expensive pieces are the different kinds (!) of toro, obviously, at $7 each. Rolls are a little more expensive, but you're not gonna go and have 5 of those at a time. Uni and other pieces are around $5.6) About Mr. Yasuda: He's a character. Very nice, but can be a little intimidating at first. Don't worry about it. He's a talker. He'll talk a ton about his whole style, about rice, about where the fish comes from, about what sucks about most japanese restaurants, and why he's doing what he's doing. As my friend said, he's a man on a mission: to make his way of sushi, the standard way of sushi.  According to him, his way isn't special, just the way its supposed to be. Sometimes it can be hard to understand every word, but just smile and nod, and it'll be fine. Oh, and another thing. He's a smart-ass. Seriously. He spent a good amount of time during the course of the meal busting my balls, but it was all in good fun. I wouldn't recommend this place for a date, for a few reasons. First of all, the focus isn't on the two of you, it's on the food, the chef, and you, and the interaction among them. Secondly, there's the budget thing. Any urge to impress can lead to a skyrocketing bill, and even more if you have appetizers or drinks. Ok, that's all Yelp will let me write. If you love sushi the way it was meant to be, and are prepared to humble yourself, Sushi Yasuda is the way to go.
<review# 949,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2008,11/6/2008,104,69,18,18,18>You would think that since I love Thai food and this location is near a gazillion gay bars that I would have been here before, right? Well, my cherry was popped last night! Every time I have walked by Spice there has been a long wait and last night after cocktails at Vlada and Niso's a friend and I walked over and they were clearing the only open table. It was my night! I ordered the fabulous Tom Yum soup and the Spicy Caesar salad to start. $3 each. Both were delicious though not as spicy as I like it but I've got one of those tongues that can handle, well you get the point. My buddy and I split the Curry Puffs and we both loved those. We both had Pad Thai for our entrees. Lots of chicken and noodles cooked perfectly. I don't know if everything was better because I was hungry and liquored up but does it really matter? I loved the ambiance of this small place. Something about the close tables in a dark room in the middle of January spoke to me. Service was fine, I mean, what do you really expect when someone is picking up $3 soups and salads from the kitchen and having to walk them over through a cramped restaurant full of gay men on a surprisingly warm January night at ten-thirty pm. I can totally understand the half-smile now!
<review# 950,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2008,11/4/2008,254,785,13,15,14>I'm using review #500 to finally write on the place with the most reviews on Yelp NYC.I should review this place drunk b/c that's the only time I would visit.  Not b/c the pommes frites and dipping sauces aren't tasty but when does one just eat a big wedge of fried potatoes? (even the small here is pretty filling)This place reminds me of the days I spent in Amsterdam and Brussels during my semester abroad.  Stands in all the touristy areas just selling pommes frites and maybe a waffle wedge.  Finding an excuse to snack was easy - we were drunk (on culture!) and/or high (on, uh, culture!) and/or too poor (in money!) to afford a real meal.Pommes Frites measures up well to the memories of those old stands.  They measure up a hell of a lot better than NY coffee shops measure up to their Dutch counterparts.Pommes Frites does these Dutch/Belgian stands of my memories one better by having an alternative to mayo.  Really like the mango chutney dipping sauce - reminds me of the Mango sauce at Blue 9 Burger.How are the pommes frites?  I think they are very good.  Then again, I only go here when I'm drunk.So if you want a flashback (the good type) to your travels to Amsterdam or Belgium or really like savory snacks/french fries, seek this place out.  Just drink ahead of time or keep your expectations in check.  And note that any coffee shops in the area are just coffee shops.
<review# 951,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2007,1/23/2007,147,58,18,14,14>Junior's is one Brooklyn institution that lives up to the hype.  It's just a shame that most downtown Brooklyn institutions like the Paramount, the Fox, and scores of other old school theaters have not survived along with the maker of one of the best cheesecakes anywhere.  Still, as "old" downtown Brooklyn continues to die a slow death and transforms itself into the Ratner City Space Station, Juniors will remain.  Don't even BOTHER trying to procure a cheesecake on the eve of a big family holiday.  Not going to happen.  The lines are three deep...now that's girth (lil inside joke for those who remember me misusing 'girth' in the Mark W. post)!  Best part about Junior's is that the cheesecake isn't the sole reason to eat here.  They have a pretty impressive diner menu that includes an enormous hamburger that would easily fill the most bottomless pit of a belly.  The portion of fries served with a deluxe is generous, and even gratuitous given the size of the burgers.  More than anything, I find the wait staff incredibly kind and accommodating given the daily pressures they must encounter with the sheer number of customers.  Our waiter returned no less than 5 times...and not in an annoying manner, to make sure we had everything we needed.  Also, if you have room, don't pass up any of their old school diner classics like a milk shake or a cherry lime rickey...Junior's blends them all to perfection.  Just do yourself a favor, and make it to Junior's before you die.  Travel with that "Death or cheesecake" spirit, and your meal will be that much more satisfying.  Personally, I prefer cheesecake to death.P.s. What was that guy talking about a few reviews down...you know, the guy who was disappointed that there was no sour cream on his cheesecake (WTF!!???!!).  Poor guy.  He's probably been putting cream cheese on his baked potatoes for years!
<review# 952,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/26/2006,1/22/2007,414,280,2,15,9>If you (or any member of your party) is a control freak who likes to know exactly what they will be ordering/eating on any given evening, you might want to leave them at home.As mentioned, the art of eating at Campagnola is all about, well, letting them decide for you what you will have. They ask you what your likes/dislikes are, (Be sure to mention any allergies!), and they bring you course upon course (including dessert, so save room!) of fine dishes...As for 'best people watching'.. that's for sure! We were in the middle of dinner and who sits down but our most famous "neighbor"- Yep, the voice of Aladdin the Genie Himself! One of our girlfriends couldn't help but sneak a look at him every few minutes! For shame!  LOL! Anyhoo- you're probably looking at a pricetag of anywhere from $80-$120/pp (Depending on wine/beverages) but in that neighborhood, should not be a big surprise...
<review# 953,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2007,1/21/2007,254,785,3,18,7>I love Latin food.  I once went through a couple month stretch where I ate more plantains than potatoes (think about it - that's hard to do).  I made a tour bus stop in San Juan so I can get an empanada from a street vendor.  I even made the pilgrimage to the Arepa Lady in Jackson Heights to try one of her arepas (yelp.com/biz/PLweq3kub4f…)So take my lack of objectivity (or abundance of partiality if you're a glass half full type) into account when reading the below:The food here is very good.  Service sucks and take out always takes a couple minutes longer than you'd think it should take.  That's the only reason I can't give this place a 5th star....You'll see frequent mention of hot sauce and garlic sauce in my review of various dishes.  They provide both at the tables (or in the take out bag) and both are great.  The hot sauce is somewhat self-explanatory - the garlic sauce is this creamy sauce that's as garlicky as any sauce I've ever had but is sooo good on roast pork....BrunchNice chill mood.  Rarely any type of line.  Nice counterpoint to Sarabeth's across the street.Cinnamon French Toast - Nicely done.  They seem to use Italian bread and slice it fairly thin.  The cinnamon and powdered sugar add sweetness but not too much.  Despite the thin slices, there's enough on the plate to fill you up (note: two eggs can be added for $1.  sometimes they'll throw in a free side like sweet plantains)Eggs Benedict w/ Roast Pork or w/ Chorizo - Very good.  Two differences from the standard eggs benedict:  1) A lot more meat.  This dish has a ton of meat and 2) Instead of hollandaise sauce, you can use the hot and creamy garlic sauces.  I found the hot sauce worked best.  Throw in a side dish and charge $8.95 and it's a great value.  Only eggs benedict I've had in NYC that is more satisfying is the one at Jane's (that includes Sarabeth's).Huevos Rancheros - Tasty but note it's fried eggs not scrambled.AppsBlack Bean Soup - They don't have this all the time but it's a good black bean soup.  Needs a little hot sauce in it to wake it up.Empanadas - They've got chicken, beef, and vegetable but run out sometimes.  I like the chicken best.  Not the BEST empanada I've ever had but it's not like I could pop into frigin' Zabar's or Fairway for one, you know?Arepas de Yuca - These aren't like the Arepa sandwiches found in some Latin places or like the Mozzarepa which is a sweet corn/white cheese concoction found in NYC street fairs.  These are like 5 corn meal discs.  Pretty tasty but I recommend the empanadas over these.Mofongo - Mashed plantains with crispy pork.  I don't like it.  Not a coincidence that the first four letters in this dish are Mofo.SaladsAguacate (Avocado) - Tasty.  Good amount of avocado for the price.Side OrdersMaduros (Sweet Plantains) - Very good.  A bit greasier than Flor de Mayo's but still worth it in my book.SandwichesCubano - Good.  I don't get it very often though b/c these give me serious food coma.  It's common knowledge that Fidel and Che forbid consumption of this sandwich to prevent lethargy among the revolutionaries. Pernll (Pork) - I like this one better than the Cubano.  I douse it in the Garlic sauce and then add hot sauce.  Given that the rest of my diet isn't too garlic heavy, it's always interesting to see how my body reacts to the garlic infusion.  Well, for me anyway.Pollo (Chicken) - Good choice if you want something less heavy than the cubano or pork.  I add a good amount of hot sauce to it.Rice DishesTwo noteworthy items here: 1) They have paella for one here and it's only $14.  What's w/ all the 2 person minimum bullshit on paella in this city?  Is it that hard to create a single serving of paella?  Can't they buy smaller pots?2) They've got saffron rice dishes that allow you to stop short of a paella if you're not feeling up for a full seafood and meat medley.  I like the chicken and chorizo version best (only $10!!!).ChickenChicharron de Pollo (Fried Chicken) - Tasty stuff.  But, really, when isn't fried chicken tasty.  Pollo a la Brasa - Good but I like Flor de Mayo's a bit better.   The hot sauce goes pretty well with this.PorkPernil Asado - This is just a big platter o' roast pork w/ some beans and rice on the side.  I suggest the pork sandwich unless you've got some other conspirators - I love pork but by the end of this dish I get to thinking that Samuel L Jackson might've been right about swine in Pulp Fiction.  BeefPicadillo - This is a chopped beef dish.  It was good but I only consider it as part of the lunch special.Ropa Vieja - Same goes for this.SeafoodShrimp in coconut or mango sauce - Good stuff.   Mixing either of these sauces in w/ the rice.  Mmm. Desserts/Coffees Rum cake - Eh.  Tropical Shakes - Pretty damn tasty.      Cafe con Leche - I'm not a big coffee fan but this was pretty tasty.
<review# 954,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2006,1/19/2007,22,182,8,13,11>I actually worked here for a few weeks this spring as one of those photographers at the top. IMO, the view isn't really that great, or maybe that's just because I've seen it a hundred times. The prices are high, and rising - I think tickets were actually $15 when I worked there. The photo packages were $25 when I started, but a co-worker told me it was just $15 when he started a few months before I did. Although, for $17.50, you can't get a better view of the skyline and Central Park.The view is best on the upper two levels. On one side is the entirety of Central Park, on the other side you get a good view of the Empire State Building and can see as far as Staten Island. Take your photos on the top deck (70th floor I think?), because it's the only one without those reflective glass walls.I'm also going to point out that if the photographers offer to take your photo, you aren't force to buy it. You can view it at the store downstairs, and online for 15(?) days. Don't like it? Don't buy it. The reason I point this out is because visitors often reject the photographers like spam (meanies!), but then end up regretting it when they reach the store at the end of the tour.Also worth mentioning - the security guards patrolling the top are friendly and talkative. Don't shy away from asking questions or if you need someone to take a photo with your camera.On a random, slightly disturbing note, I'm convinced I'm destiny-bonded to this place and that I'll eventually die here.
<review# 955,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2007,1/18/2007,96,98,11,11,13>Why, oh why did I waste a meal here with a guy? My buddy and I decided to grab sushi so we walked into this joint on a Friday night and sat down at the sushi bar. One of the sushi chefs took care of us - we told him we'd eat whatever he gave us. We had some eggplant appetizer, arctic char nigiri, Japanese mackerel (aji) sashimi, bluefin toro, some other stuff, and the clincher - Japanese uni flown in that day (and only Fridays) from Osaka. The uni was like cool, creamy butter and probably the best thing that's ever touched my mouth. Including a couple of bottles of sake and beer, it set us back about $100 each with the tip. It was damn well worth it. If only I could get a date, I'd have taken her instead...
<review# 956,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2006,1/17/2007,86,226,12,13,11>There's something really nice about visiting a restaurant past its trendiness prime.  It's like seeing the hot guy from HS a few years later, after he's given  up being the big shot trying to impress everyone, and finally getting to know him for who he is.My friend and I stopped by for late night drinks and munchies.  I guess I did more of the drinking and she did more of the munching, but whatever:)  There was one waiter for the whole restaurant, which at 11pm, I suppose isn't too crazy.  Whenever you could flag him down, he was a sweet and helpful guy.  Again, the poor guy had up to 10 tables to handle--blaming him for not being the bionic waiter would be silly (I hope the rude people sitting next to us that kept bitching to the manager for free food are reading this!).The food was fantastic.  We started with the Samba 7 roll, which better deliver at $16/roll.  Well, it did!  There's a good amount of lobster in the roll, as well as a powerful kick of wasabe.  And the textures (very important in sushi) work together so well.   Then, we ordered the Kobe beef flat bread which is drizzled in the most amazing green sauce and the yellowtail sashimi seviche was to.die.for.  I've never had such beautifully soft, buttery yellowtail (okay, so I've never paid $11 for it either;)). The drinks were poured well and were strong.  I had so many mojitos my breath was fabulous when I left! The scene was nice, but not nearly as cool as I imagined it would be (I guess you can imagine lots when you're looking in through yellow & orange tinted windows).  But the vibe suited the place well enough, and I am definitely interested in coming back for the brunch.
<review# 957,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/16/2006,1/16/2007,395,209,11,6,8>Will travel for foodFinally found the only Red Robin in the Tri-State Area!! Forced someone w/ a car to take me.Got lost -took us two hours to get here. What's up w/ Jersey and their fucked up signs?!You think you've followed the correct one, turns out it was the OTHER fork in the road a few miles back. WTF!? Anyway, we were in serious cow-land. Everyone in the car was pissed off. Me and my big fucking ideas.... but it was all rainbows and butterflies once we got there.Everyone loved their junky-ass food.DO NOT HATE until you try their spinach n artichoke dip, and the Red Robin burger w/ bacon, cheese, and fried egg (Just look at my picture please!)-2 stars for the fucked up location
<review# 958,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/28/2006,1/15/2007,20,20,12,13,6>The first time I went to this East Village Sri Lankaan restaurant it was completely empty, and I had the undivided attention of the owner.  A charming Sri Lankaan man, he instantly recognized me for what I am: Not from Sri Lanka.  He recommended safe foods, such as hoppers, spring rolls and curry, with a 'mild spice' that turned out to be rather spicy indeed, to a man with Polish taste buds.  It wasn't overwhelming, however, and I was so pleased with the meal that I came back the following Thursday.There was a party of twenty there for a birthday celebration, so the wait staff could not recommend safe dishes, or explain in minute detail, at my request, that a 'hopper' has no frog parts.  Additionally, the waiter did not ask me what spice level I would prefer, and while I thought about flagging him down, I figured he would assume that I can't handle more spice than Taco Bell Fire Sauce.  Little did I know.After my Rhuana Beef Stew attacked my mouth with a salvo of nuclear missles, I politely tipped off the waiter that my head was currently engulfed in flames.  He brought the dish back into the kitchen and emerged five minutes later with a toned down version, which is apparently served to infants and the elderly in his native country, but in mine, could only be handled by diners inHaz-Mat suits.So, if you go, as the waiter very nicely, sir, that while you understand that his fine restaurant serves authentic Sri Lankaan food, sir, that you would like something that doesn't require you to dip your tongue in fire-retardant polymers to eat.
<review# 959,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2006,1/14/2007,666,1833,2,5,4>Great lunch spot. $10 lunch specials kick ass. I got the jerk chicken wrap with sweet potatoe fries. Ohhh boy do i love sweet potatoe fries!!! The ones at Eatery were awesome. Total kudos. The burgers looked really good also, but without sweet potatoe fries, I'm not interested! So there!And Sam, not quite sure what you mean by lack of cute wait staff...our waiter was definitely a keeper. Sure did whet my appetite ;)
<review# 960,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/5/2006,1/13/2007,22,38,8,5,8>I'm a sucker for a good cheese burger.Outside of Duke's' Big D Burger and Nathan's Super Cheeseburger, I have to say that White Castle's square, mushy, onion-laced mini-patties are my favorites when it comes time to chew some cow-hide. Much has been said of the burgers effect on the stomach - and it's true - but I find that you can avoid "The Fumes" as my friend calls it, by showing some self-restraint and not eating a whole sack in a single sitting. Granted, that's far more difficult than it sounds, as White Castle's possess a subtle richness that's hard to deny. The rest of the menu is typical fast food fare, but the burgers are good enough to pull out 3 high quality stars.
<review# 961,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2008,10/9/2008,275,64,13,17,20>My friends brought me here for my birthday last month. They told me to tell the bartender that it was my birthday. She asked for my ID to verify then she draw something on the back of my hand. After that, she told me that I could drink anything (except for Patron) for free for the rest of the night.I was like a kid in a candy store. I was chugging down shots of everything every 5 minutes. I've never been more drunk in my whole life.When it was time to go home, my friends took a cab and said goodbye. I asked the bartender where the nearest subway is and she told me that she would drop me off because she was on her way home anyway. Talk about great service!
<review# 962,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2008,10/8/2008,119,457,14,15,14>I've worked in a variety of bookstores in my life: independent new, independent used, big ridiculous big box chains both in NYC and middle America. And I've visited even more in my travels.  I'd rank McNally-Robinson near the top in terms of its design and atmosphere. It's got a nice little Nolita-SoHo-esque sheen to it.  As for selection it's actually pretty sparse within each section and the size of the entire inventory seems not to match the size of the store; they really know how to make it look as if they have more books than they do. But hey, I 'm really just happy that bookstores still exist so it's cool with me.They have the usually literature, travel, NYC travel & history and politics sections. And some nice art books.I have to agree with the complaints about customer service.  But inevitably when you have a bookstore in NYC it's going to be staffed by bitter and entitled failed writers. That's how it goes.
<review# 963,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2008,10/6/2008,411,242,21,16,19>The way I see it:You can expand the joint -or- make everything less tasty.  Because, I hate waiting and you cannot keep throwing me out for going up to the tables and saying, "Damn Fatty, hoover that shit then get on!"  I don't care that there were only 90 lbs between all four of those women.  You know they were binging and hogging up a perfectly good table.  What were they Sumos in training?Eat, drink, be merry and do it quickly cause the brown girl at the counter, loves chocolate and HATES waiting!
<review# 964,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/30/2007,10/5/2008,4860,175,24,37,26>I have an interview tomorrow.  At an EXTREMELY conservative company.  I was going to do the usual Brooks Brothers ensemble with Gucci flats, but decided on Thomas Pink at the last minute.  Literally, I probably snuck through the front door just as an employee was walking towards it to turn the locks.  Fortunately, I knew exactly what I needed: White tailored shirt, double cuff -- Their Pristine shirt.  The website claims that it's "crease resistant."  I assure you that it is NOT since I just spent the past half hour ironing.  My shirt was a wrinkled mess by the time it arrived home despite being folded & transported in a super sturdy box.  At almost $200 per shirt (I got two.  Hey, how did that happen?), you still have to provide your own cuff links -- They won't even throw in a set of $12 silk knots.  I will be sporting a classic selection with my new shirt, but those 'allowed' a little more whimsy in the office might check out the cupcakes: thomaspink.com/fcp/produ…  I don't like the color of the cake, so I'd opt for the silver Twisted Knots instead: thomaspink.com/fcp/produ…Like their midtown branch: yelp.com/biz/Y7vtUzYA6kS… the Wall Street location lacks proper air conditioning & ventilation.  I doubt that their business will suffer much, though, given their selection & convenience.  It's a prime address for their target customers.Conclusions: Stylish & extensive choice of merchandise -- Just make sure you have enough time to get it pressed professionally before it's time to wear it.  Unless you're good at ironing -- Which I am not.Shop when the temperature drops below 50 degrees outside.  Unless you enjoy warm, stagnant air -- Which I do not.Receipts are printed on pinkish mauve paper.  (See photo)  Ick.- - -Do you think HR is going to appreciate all the effort I went through??  Wish me luck!!It's 1:23 AM -- I should be asleep!
<review# 965,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2008,10/4/2008,98,60,33,15,16>Recently, my three-year old cured my oppressive hangover by telling me he wanted to play in "Shake Shack Park." I was instantly reminded of the curative properties of the Shack burger, French fries and a chocolate shake. The food is what you expect as far as burgers, fries and a shake goes. It tastes great. Tastes even better if you drank a gallon of gin and sang karaoke the previous night. Tastes even better than that if it was your wife's turn to sleep in and you were forced to take the kids for a walk when what you really wanted to do was die from your hangover.Prices are not outrageous. You have the added - mandatory - bonus of dining al fresco. For parents who haven't declared their children "A.D.D." and drugged them into a stupor, this is great news. Your active child can wander about without disturbing others because the others are mainly pigeons and the indigent.After finishing, parents can take advantage of the nearby children's park. If you don't have kids feel free to stand near the gate with a wide grin and scare the hell out of anxiety-ridden parents.Most important: Carpenters can take a short walk to the Home Depot on 23rd and buy a lathe.
<review# 966,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2008,10/3/2008,579,280,19,9,10>Oh God oh God oh God, yes, yes, yes, yes!!!!!!!!!I would direct Hieronymus Bosch to Red Hook Ballfields. This is where the seven deadly sins live in my book. Luxuria (extravagance, later lust), Gula (gluttony), Avaritia (greed), Acedia (sloth), Ira (wrath, later anger), Invidia (envy), and Superbia (pride). I could LIVE here. I could eat at every single stand, have a vomitorium built, and come back for more. The food is fried, red meat, not organic, there are a million reasons why I should not be here, I should not be eating this, I should go home NOW and have a salad.But that's not going to happen.Me and my friends would sneak away and drink ginger infused vodka under a tree, and be sluggish...smug that we were getting away with alcohol in a water bottle.We watch a couple of soccer players get into a fistfight. One of the soccer players, Dante and I sneak away and makeout behind a tree. I drive off with my friend in his car, and I see people who wish they had wheels to get back to Manhattan as it's a far trip via subway.I will do it again next year, and bring more people. bwahahahhahahaha!!!!!!!
<review# 967,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2008,10/1/2008,235,418,24,23,22>Gentlemen!  Don't worry if you can't get into Rose Bar reservation to get some WOOOOW, or AWWWWW from your ladies..  Jade Bar isn't that bad at all.. waitress is HOT enough to make Jealousy! lights are DARK enough to smooch with your ladies!drinks are PRICEY enough to show your purse capabilities!it's just one of Sex and the City nights!
<review# 968,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2008,9/30/2008,78,413,56,21,28>I have never bought or owned Louboutin shoes, so my review is completely without credibility. Stop reading now.---But sufferin' sweet succotash, this store is amazing!!! I HATE when stores use the little buzzer at the door before they let people in - it makes me feel so inferior and pedestrian, but honestly, I got over that the moment I stepped in. I was immediately swathed in a cocoon of footwear disguised as art. There is no doubt that this store is magical - the air smells of babies and fresh rain, any food you eat here is 0 calories, the sales people are all attractive and friendly, and all the shoes are your size and 0 dollars. OK well, not so much. But a girl can hope, right? To be honest, I'm not sure I will ever be able to justify buying a pair of these shoes because of their completely unapologetic frivolity, and my calendar currently has no red-carpet events scheduled in it, but I will always admire them. All women can appreciate a beautiful shoe, and there is no doubt that Christian Louboutin makes them superlatively so. This store displays them justly - as shoes-cum-art.5 wallet-busting, 5-inch heeled, red-soled stars!
<review# 969,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2008,9/29/2008,233,176,15,19,23>HP, I failed you. The first time I came here was many months ago. But I didn't review you then, because I knew he would read it. It was all new, you see. I didn't know what he would think. My profile is displayed everywhere. I wear my feelings on my sleeves. Everyone would know. So I  hid it. In the days when I wrote about everything, from restaurants to fruits and feelings, I kept you a secret in my heart. It wasn't that you were so good, I couldn't share you. Your sweet falafels and tahini sparked the best of hearts and minds, rather than comforting the palate. You nourished hearts and kindled conversations. You made me keep you a secret.HP, you brought us together over a plate of hummus. You calmed me down when I was nervous. You gave me a place to rest my eyes when I had no other choice but look at his. I remembered those moments tonight. As I sat by the window again, my mind drifted to times past. I wore a skirt then, black tights, and it was winter. My legs froze as I stood on the train and said good-bye. He looked away, though. It was the beginning of winter, and he looked away, because he felt too much. I miss those times. Perhaps that's why I put myself through them. Revisit the sites so the past will come alive. Enter the place, as if the memories had stuck to the wall and melted in it. As if they waited all these months for my return. I love those walls. I love your walls, HP. It's true: I loved every taste of your hummus. Your olives. Your narrow spaces. Your memories. I loved the way the air smelled after, and before. My meal was paid for once again. This time, my friend owed me some money from last weekend's trek to Brooklyn -- too far from last winter to remember how we got there.
<review# 970,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2008,9/28/2008,5,7,22,13,15>My Dad would smack me if he knew what I paid for a shave here, but what Daddy don't know won't hurt him. When I was fourteen my buddies started doing ecstasy and I couldn't understand why they would pay that much for one pill when you could get a lot of acid for the same amount. I was thrifty. I guess I'm the same way about a hair cut, I can get ten terrible, depressing, mind boggling, haircuts for the price of one really great cut and shave from Freeman's. So I didn't go until a friend (Girl With the Big Glasses) offered to buy me a shave as a present. I was skeptical and worried that I would have to pretend that it was great since she put the money down. Well, I had no problem telling her that it was amazing. There's a reason stuff costs a lot, and this does, but have you seen the people that stayed thrifty and kept doing acid? Is that what you want for yourself? Freeman's has become my secret thing that I love. The barbers are really good at their work as well as small talk and the other customers let their guard down quickly so conversation gets good and rowdy.I quit doing ecstasy when I was sixteen because I had to steal to get it, and police hate it when you steal stuff. Well, the other night I noticed that a bunch of copper in front of a building that wasn't tied down.There was enough for multiple shaves.
<review# 971,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2007,4/22/2008,299,846,14,21,22>I was nearly at tears when I walked into the staging area for the Red Hook ballfields' food stands. My friends may tell you that it was not nearly, there were no sweat droplets on my cheeks, they were actual tears.  It all comes at you like a revelation, this is IT.You walk into Red Hook Park at the elbow of an L. Flustered thinking about which way to go, people suddenly look like they are developing parkinson's.  Go right to get that out of the way, then venture left.There might be 20 or so vendors. Most sell tacos, papusas, quesadillas, huaraches, and other Latin fare mostly encased by a shell of some sort.  There are usually available benches and tables for sitting, you can also sit on the shaded grassy knoll. I had chicharones(dreamlike), platanos (amazing, they were the smushed variety with a sweet kick to them.), and yuca (mine were cold, so I could have done without) for $8.  Huraches which were the size of keyboards, were $5. Everything we had was up there with the all-time bests (had the yuca still been warm, they would certainly be up there also-although not as high as the chichs and plantains - my god). The vendors have lots of other foods that are amazing! And mostly at the places where the lines are very small - I don't know why people are so obsessed with the tortlilas and papusas... not my thing.   Sometimes you have to ask just to see everything they have. Last time, I got trapped at the Colombian stand and got just about Everything -  beef on stick, papas rellena (fried stuffed potato!), fried chicken, chorizo..  Oh, and ceviches at one of the last stands on the train. Ok now I want to go back. The only thing missing are coke bottles from Mexico. Note: The actual baseball fields are probably not the best place to discover this food. When we first got there, I went on the actual baseball fields where there are a few vendors. Now, I am willing to venture almost anywhere for food, but they were not nearly as outsider friendly as the food grounds and I don't think they were happy about me looking into what they were cooking. nonetheless...Is this what love is?
<review# 972,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2007,4/21/2008,106,76,21,20,19>Cozy la cucaracha colony with excellent Israeli food.  Greg T. and I stopped by on our way to Terminal 5 to sample their abridged offerings.Falafel are 4.5-stars.  Five stars for their perfectly crisp exterior and perfectly moist interior. Four stars for their (mostly parsley) flavor.  (Azuri's kosher falafel are second only to Holy Land's in Berkeley, CA - the latter's falafel flavors are more pleasingly complex.) Platter pickles are also 4.5-stars:  five for flavor, four for texture.  Some of the pickles lack crispness, but that speaks more to my preferences than to their ability.  Chicken schwarma is tasty enough but dry (3-stars).  Sambusak (savory meat pastry) is also okay, but it's the falafel plate that shines brightly here. Baklava (3-stars) is more dense than flaky -- chock full of minced nuts and seasoned delicately with rosewater.The owner, Ezra Cohen, is not at all unfriendly.  Likely, it's the assertive eyebrows and the inelegant turns of phrase that make for this undeserved reputation.  Let's just say your papa is stern like mine.  If true, Mr. Cohen's terse affections will seem familiar, perhaps even lovable, by comparison.Our interaction with him went something like this:EC:  "So you finish everything on plate!"Me:  "It was delicious!"EC:  "Yes.  Delicious.  I know.  My delicious food, it make you hungry."EC:  "... So you like?"Me:  "Yes!  Oh, it was soooo good ..."EC [shrug]:  "I know.  I know.  Already, I know."
<review# 973,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/31/2007,4/20/2008,43,21,35,21,15>When I first moved to NYC, I received some advice from my fellow gay brethren.  "Find your bar."  You know the place.  The place where you can have a "political discussion" with someone after meeting them over happy hour.And all this time I thought that's what Craigslist was for.  Anyway...I rarely have those kinds of conversations.Anyway, after living here for 4 months...I realized I had been having conversations with myself all too often and it was time to go find "the bar".  Thus how I first found Therapy.  Therapy bar is like Provincetown.  If you can't meet someone in Provincetown...you better get used to being single.But I digress.  My first attempt at going to this bar involved me getting out of a cab and walking to the door.  I would have gone inside, but as a man was leaving, he asked if I wanted to join him for coffee at the coffee shop.  I did.  Don't judge me...I'm a caffeine addict!On my second trip, I made the effort to walk in the door.  The building is fairly nondescript, and according to the bartender, was an old firehouse before being converted into the bar it is now.  Of course...this bartender had the muscles of an adonis and the IQ of a dart...so I can't verify the validity of that statement.  I can verify that the space is large, and surprisingly airy.Under the stairs is a zen like rock garden, where on special nights, bartenders will serve beer bongs.  Yes...I'm doing one of them in the photos.  I'm not proud...but if you knew me...you'd expect nothing less.The front lounge is an excellent place to get to know your newest boyfriend du jour.  I've had many...many...many...conversations in this area.  Be careful on the stools though...after a few drinks, you could wind up on your back with your legs in the air. Uhhh...I mean...you could fall off of them.The upstairs area consists of a stage area (where there is always a tweaked out queen dancing by himself), as well as seating for meals.  Cocktail service can be spotty, so I tend to like to hang out closer to the bar.This is also where the gay ski group (the ski bums) hang out for the mid week meet up.  During one of these events 300 people will crowd the upstairs and discuss the next ski trip they are taking.  The back bar, on the first floor is also closest to the unisex bathrooms, and where usually you can get drinks the fastest.  While sitting there one night during happy hour (which I've noticed isn't that busy...and therefore not as happy), I was enjoying the conversation of the man next to me when the oddest thing happened.  This random man placed a condom on the bar and said "if you were to happen to meet me in the last stall of the restroom...you'll find a use for that."  He then got up and went to the restroom.The bartender having heard the proposition, looked at the condom, and at me, and just smirked.  I'll let you all guess if I followed up on the offer.5 stars for the fun factor.1/2 star off for prices (I could spend my rent here easily).1/2 star off for the creepy old guy who plays with himself at the urinals.Overall a good time.  Care to "discuss" it with me over a drink?
<review# 974,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2008,4/19/2008,405,569,14,15,13>My friend and I arrived at Le Royale to meet people and had no idea what to expect. We quickly passed the velvet rope ("Yo, I love you magazine girl!") and were plunged into pitch black hotness. The music was great, so we decided to stay. The cocky brit in the coat check didn't charge us, must have been our lucky night, and the drinks were only $8. Upstairs the dancing was out of control. We mostly stuck to the lounge section and had ourselves a good time with a group of people. And yes, I realize how post-Misshapes this all is. It's easy to black out when it's pitch black... so I did. But from what I remember, I'll totally be back.
<review# 975,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/26/2007,4/18/2008,608,608,47,16,23>A lip-smackingly good seven inches of juicy and succulent meat.*Where else can you find that for $4 without also contracting an STD or three?..............* The Niman Ranch Fearless Frank, that is. And, no, Atif, this is not intended as a perverted reference in a bid to "win" RotD. Rather...I choose to sacrifice eloquence in favor of humor. So click the damn F button, why don'tcha?? :)
<review# 976,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2008,4/16/2008,175,336,5,17,13>The ramen craze in NYC is about to be kicked up a notch with the opening of Ippudo.  The famed Japanese chain has finally opened shop in the ramen-obsessed E. Village, much to the joy of people like me and my fellow ramen-crazed/ obsessed friend, Margie L., who hauled ass in a cab to meet me here for lunch in the middle of work (what a devoted ramen fan she is!). We both went with the Shiromaru Classic ramen ($13)... tonkotsu ramen in pork broth with steamed thin Berkshire pork slices (would've enjoyed a few more pieces of this!), cabbage, mushrooms, and scallions.  I chose a side dish, spicy cod roe over rice and seasoned pickles, for an additional $3.  A small bowl of seasoned rice with a dollop of roe... good but not sure I needed this.  Margie got the pork over rice side... which was a bit better than mine.So what is so special about the ramen here??  Well, it's all about the amazing broth.  It's a really nice, rich, but not oily / greasy, milky white broth that smells just heavenly.  You better believe it that this thing has been simmering for 15+ hours!  The taste... soothing, a nice simple flavor (though I'm sure it's not simple to make this!), not too salty, and even better with a bit of the freshly ground sesame seeds (thanks to J T for the tip about that!).  As for the noodles... it's different than the usual chewy kind that I'm used to... Ippudo's noodles are thinner and lighter, but still chewy enough and delicious.  Due to this texture, the noodles didn't seem to soak up all the soup (as often is the case at other ramen spots).    As for the decor, I was pleasantly surprised at how nice, modern, and clean the place is.  Alot of wood, a bit dark, and dare I say it... actually, kind of a sexy vibe, despite all the people slurping noodles and drinking broth from the big extra-wide ladle-like spoons.  There are different areas to sit in, including communal tables / bars, booths, and a separate red room area in the back that supposedly can be rented out (ramen party, anyone??).  Loved the cool front wall decorated with various ramen bowls and the glass counter top of the bar showcasing uncooked ramen noodles.  The service was fast and quite friendly... they were all speaking Japanese to me, which was fine even though I didn't understand any of it, since this is all a positive indication that a good portion of the clientele is Japanese (or do I look Japanese?).  This place is dangerously too close (right across the street) from my office thus, I'm predicting frequent visits to Ippudo for lunch.  That broth... absolutely perfect and crave worthy if you're feeling a bit hung over or under the weather... I know I'll be thinking about that for the rest of the day.  My instant love and appreciation for this place is a bit scary... how could a bowl of ramen trigger such excitement??  But it's the magic of ramen... whether it's all those hours that the broth has been simmering for in pork bone, the perfectly chewy noodles, or the soothing first spoonful in my tummy, I could not have been happier with my ramen.  Sorry Setagaya, Rai Rai Ken, Sapporo East, Men Kui Tei, etc... but I've found a new love and I think I'm addicted.===============================================(UPDATE: 4/9/08)I went again last week to experience their full menu for dinner w/ my other Ippudo addicts.  The wait was pretty damn long (6:30 on Thur)... but note that they seem to exaggerate the wait time.  Alot of folks were turning away, in shock, as they were told by the nice Japanese lady at the front that the wait is "about 2 hours".  We were told it'd be an hour and a half but waited about 45 mins.  Started off the meal on a good note with a nice sake cocktail at the bar while waiting.  This time, I sat at the counter, which allowed me to see the cooks in action on non-ramen items.  Kind of fun... but a loud area to dine in since all the cooks yell out that Japanese welcome greeting whenever new patrons come in to the dining area (which is way too frequently).  But you can't really pick & choose where you sit at this point given the popularity of the place.I was actually a bit disappointed with some of the items we tried... shrimp in garlic sauce w/ mushroom & asparagus, some special egg omelet dish (much too simple), and the matcha brulee green tea pudding was was just a tad better than average.  But the Kakumi (braised pork belly) was excellent... really tender pork meat, rich in flavor, and very tasty.  The tofu special was also great.I thought about bringing down my rating to 4 stars from 5... but no, I can't... the ramen is just too damn good.  And that's what they're known for.  I'm sticking to what Ippudo does best and is famed for... their awesome tonkotsu ramen, which is more than deserving of at least  5 stars!
<review# 977,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/24/2007,4/15/2008,110,187,18,14,14>if you're dining companion is from la, you might start to cringe when she starts ordering a completely new dish, which is based *very* loosely on what appears on the menu.  i don't know why people from la do this so often.  all i know is that i would *hate* being a chef in that town.  anyway:eggs florentine with homemade hollandaise gets changed to an all egg white omelette, no hollandaise. the roasted potatoes it's served with becomes a salad with no dressing.you might cringe because this is a french place, and the french rightly allow the chef to make the dish as he or she sees fit and seldom, if ever, ask for substitutions or reinterpretations.  i was in luck, though.  not only did they completely change around the dish to her specifications, they were very gracious about it.  this, during the brunch rush.you probably already know the brunch is great here.  typically heavy breakfast foods (french toast w/ potatoes and bacon) are given a light treatment so you don't feel like going back to bed after you've finished a meal here.   this is one of the more consistently solid brunch options out there.
<review# 978,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2007,4/14/2008,308,363,4,21,44>How could I possibly sum up all my feelings and thoughts about the World Trade Center in a Yelp review?  There is too much emotional weight, too much personal history and too many memories for me to express it all here.  So I won't; I can't.But I will say that the WTC wasn't just a tourist attraction to me.  It was like my childhood backyard.  Having lived in Battery Park City since I was 9 years old, the WTC has always been a backdrop in my life, a touchstone.  When I was younger and people didn't know where or what BPC was, I referenced the WTC as the nearest landmark.  When I was a high school student at Stuyvesant, we'd hang out at the Borders or any of the various shops in or around the WTC after school.  On particularly nice days, you'd find us goofing around in the WTC Plaza, sitting by the water fountain or spinning 'round 'n 'round unsteadily with our faces looking up at the sky, trying to focus on the point in between the two towers and maintain our balance, but instead toppling over in fits of girlish giggles.  On summer nights, we would just lay there on the ground, gazing up at the Twin Towers amidst the (sometimes starry) sky.Anytime I took the train anywhere, I went through the WTC.  I would cut across through the Marriot's lobby to avoid all the crazy hustle and bustle of tourists and businesspeople alike in the main entrance of the south building.  I would line up for TKTS discount tickets on the second floor whenever we had out-of-town guests staying with us.  I would admire the huge colorful tapestry that hung from the wall.These are all memories that spark in my brain from time to time, sometimes vividly clear, sometimes more faded.  They come and go in flashes, and I'll often close my eyes just to let it linger in my mind for a moment longer.  And it doesn't take the anniversary for it to happen.  I still live in BPC and I still pass by the WTC site every single day.  I have seen how much it, and the surrounding landscape, has changed.  No, I didn't lose anyone in the attacks.  And I was fortunate to be in college in Baltimore when it happened - I was even more fortunate that my mom was also out of town that fateful morning.  But I do feel like I lost a major piece of my childhood - not a tragedy in comparison to what others have lost, but any kind of loss hurts in some way.I used to be a lot more bitter about all the grief tourists who flock to the site.  I dreaded walking by the area and seeing all the pictures taken, souvenirs being bought and sold, and the occasional tour group of teenagers who didn't seem to understand a damn thing about anything.  But I was young and innocent once, too - on the very ground they were treading on.  Now, I don't care as much.  Live and let live.  And if everyone else in the world could adopt that motto, then maybe I wouldn't be missing the Twin Towers so much today.
<review# 979,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2008,4/13/2008,267,274,20,18,17>I dream about pie...is that weird? Whatever...I don't care. I love pie.The first time I tried to go here it was a normal day of the week. I trekked in the FREEZING weather. I was cold...my dog was shivering...but the thought of delicous pie kept us warm. Finally we reach the pie mecca...I can smell the pies cooking. I walk up to the door. It is locked. I check the hours...they are supposed to be open. I look inside and I see pies baking!!! Then a guy says...sorry we are closed...and turns his back on me.  I was pissed! And Cold! Sadly...My dog and I turned around and started our frozen walk home. We were depressed....frozen....and we had no thoughts of pie to keep us warm. It was a sad sad day......sniff********Fast  forward to this afternoon. I just got a new job. As a congratulatory present my friend brought me some key lime pie. What a nice surprise. I wanted to hate it...I really did...I mean I still had frostbite from the first time I tired to eat here. However...after the first bite of pie my harsh feelings towards them seemed to wash away. Instead I was filled with happiness. This was FABULOUS key lime pie. The filling had just the right amout of sweet and tangyness. The crust...the perfect amount of sweetness. It was pure key lime goodness. It had none of that fluff whipped cream like a lot of key lime pies do. I have had award winning key lime pie from the Florida keys and I have to say...this was comparable.Now that I am not so angry with the Little Pie company I think I will give them another shot...after all they have many other pies and delicacies that I need to try. But be warned Little Pie Company...you better be open next time I stop by or this 5 star rating could quickly be changed.wait...who am I kidding...this was f-ing good pie....I really could not even fathom giving them anything less than 5 stars after tasting what I tasted.
<review# 980,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2008,4/12/2008,65,105,23,17,19>We arrive at the telephone booth just after 11 o'clock on a Sunday evening.  *Quick* buzz.  Door opens.  Attractive (*wink, wink*) hostess opens door.  "Do you have anything available for three?", I ask.  "Hmm, three's a tricky number.  Give me a few minutes and I'll check things out," she replies.  Me thinking, "Oh gawwd, she's giving us the exclusivo runaround business." WRONG!  Several parties leave and after waiting just under 10 minutes we are invited in and seated at a table for three with menus neatly laid out.  Then, all of a sudden, alarms start ringing, confetti is flying and I'm presented with a giant cardboard check made out in the amount of ten million USD!!!!  On the loud speaker an announcer congratulates me.  Heads turn.  The hostess (remember, *winky winky*) makes her way over, sits down on my lap and asks, "What'll you be havin', big boy?"Okay, that was only real up through the 'neatly laid out menus' part.  A boy can dream, can't he?  Onward.  After perusing the cocktail portion of the menu I decided on "The Professor."  Very enjoyable and well made, however, next time I'm ordering the Old Fashioned with bacon-infused bourbon!  I'm not usually a bourbon drinker, sorry Becca, but drinking bacon essence is too tempting to pass up.So, maybe you're still wondering about that dream sequence bit, perhaps thinking to yourself, "Geez, Ben, what does that have to do with anything?"  Well, the point is, quasi-secretive as it may seem, PDT is not a gateway to a clandestine world of exclusive perks and underground coolness.  No.  Rather, PDT is about enjoying a few carefully constructed cocktails in a low key environment among friends.  PDT = quality time with cocktail in hand.  The rest is up to you.  *Wink, wink*
<review# 981,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2009,11/16/2009,345,332,15,20,15>Let me preface this by saying appetizers/tapas/starters/hors d'oeuvres/canapés/antipastos are all my favorite part of a meal. So much in fact that I have been known to order only appetizers as my meal.Which is why I love Loco Tuesday's so much. Please note Loco Tuesday's does not, apparently, mean that you have to bring your own loco. It means that you're loco if you're not here on a Tuesday. I mean, why wouldn't you be? 1/2 priced tapas? Holla for a dolla! The sangria is delightful, not too sweet and at only $26 for a pitcher, it's my kind of delectable bargain. Be sure to order 2 appetizers per person and order the guacasalsa for the table whilst you wait. Their chips are great: plaintain chips, malanga and tortilla chips. I recommend the ribs and the calamari... and the crabcakes... and everything really... except the lobster quesadilla which I didn't care for since I couldn't taste any lobster. The service varies here. Once I was here and the waitress was bothered by us and apparently everyone of her other tables, but maybe she was on the rag. I don't know. The last time I was here the service was good. I like the people that come here, they draw a diverse crowd which I love! I think this is one of my favorite places.
<review# 982,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2009,11/15/2009,203,182,12,13,13>Aside from the terrible dance music that often plays here, Ludlow Fitness is a great neighborhood gym with a nice mix of people working out. Some uber-athletes to inspire you with their exploding biceps and rippling quads -- and some weaklings to keep you from feeling too guilty bench-pressing 50 lbs.The staff is friendly -- they'll tell you in detail, for example, the ideal movements for a toning exercise if you ask -- and the machines are generally clean.It's fun to run or bike while checking out who's walking up Ludlow at any given time. Sometimes people who are about to hit the bars, who either have looks of guilt in the face of your hard body physical fitness regime, or those who stare at you thinking "beer is better."I've never been much of a gym guy. But Ludlow Fitness is such a friendly and relaxed gym it actually makes me feel like I BELONG. And I think that's pretty remarkable.
<review# 983,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2009,11/14/2009,110,187,9,15,12>probably the busiest taqueria out of all the ones i've tried in the area.  i liked it and i've been back since my initial visit, and will come back again, but it didn't completely blow my mind like i hoped it would.the complimentary chips and salsa were nice but i wasn't crazy about the salsa.  it was both mildly spicy and sweet at the same time and it seemed at odds with itself, flavor-wise.  tongue taco - flavorful enough but on the drier side and it could have been a little more tender.cecina (salted beef) taco - perfect, but friend thought it was too salty. enchilada taco - i didn't like this because of the little bits of pork fat all throughout the taco, while my friend liked it *because* of that.carne asada - out of all the tacquerias in the area, i felt like the carne asada taco was the best here.  the seasonings were just right.you're going to get messy because they fill the tacos to the brim, and then pile the guacamole on top of that.  you'll end up using most, if not all, of the little pile of napkins they bring you. presentation wise they dress up each plate of tacos with a small cooked onion and a cooked jalepeno that i guess you can add to your tacos, but it seemed more like something for plating than anything else.i forgot to try the horchata.  twice.
<review# 984,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2009,11/13/2009,87,272,24,24,15>This is for the NYHQ ER. Had this conversation with a friend 3 weeks ago:"I have a 104 temp, a raging headache, I have to shade my eyes from the light and I have trouble moving my spine without pain.  Think I have meningitis?""Only one way to find out.  I hope you're not afraid of needles."So despite this place being a teaching facility (what hospital in NYC isnt?), I give this hospital immense credit.  Everyone was nice, despite being obviously overcrowded after the recent closure of 2 Queens hospitals.  The attending physicians / PAs / NPs all seemed calm despite having at least 2 people code (read: flatline)  in the two hours we were visiting our meningitis buddy.  They moved quickly on our friends case, and kept us informed on lab findings / plans / etc.There was no screaming.  No feeling like a piece of used meat.  Nice place.  A word to other yelpers: if you see someone with a short white coat trying to put in an IV and they look nervous, its probably a student.  Either console them or tell them they suck at life and to get a nurse with some experience.  Me? I give 'em two tries, but only because I like this place.If you get shot in Queens, come here.
<review# 985,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2009,11/12/2009,411,242,16,14,11>I converted my vegetarian fiance to the indulgent, meat loving side with the help of Marlow & Daughters. Now send me a gay man! Oh I'm kidding about that last part. So...the conversion has taken place and M&D's local farm raised and grazed meat softened the blow for my meat-abstainer aka fiance and the shop gives me cooking tips. Each butcher and clerk is a total foodie! Now, I do amazing things with tofu, but I don't know how to cook meat. I've never been interested in touching it and well...I could never afford it. Then, I started dating a vegetarian. Shopping for, handling, and cooking meat is very new to me and the customer service couldn't be better. It's a little on the pricey side, but I'd rather pay a few more dollars for quality. Woohoo! As good as it gets!
<review# 986,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2009,11/11/2009,251,671,20,20,20>Contrary to popular belief, being a loner doesn't make you into a morose misanthrope; sometimes you need to be alone in order to reset yourself to better be with people. This is what I've found in any case. But I didn't want to be a morose misanthrope on my day off, so I asked my friend to meet me for lunch here after my brother recommended it. This place is a perfect spot for a nice long lunch on a day off. It seriously is. The decor is modern, yet warm and cosy. The service is super friendly - our waiter was enthusiastic in helping us with our menu choices and verifying if we made the correct choice. Speaking of choices - all day breakfast? I love pancakes for lunch! But I ended up with grilled Fish Tacos (meh), my friend with a large Endive and Beet salad (yum! I was offered some) and we shared the fantastic truffle and Parmesan fries. And by fantastic I mean I-want-to-eat-you-all-myself-and-will-growl-at-­anyone-who-tries-to-poach-my-fries fantastic. Coupled with the garlicky mayonnaise - heaven in fried format. Other things of note: - great bathrooms - cool minibar downstairs (additional stars for this if/when I come back) - no hassle service - very cute patrons at the long bar. What?! Look, no touch is OK. And since it's close to my bro's place, I'm probably going to be back soon. I'm a fan, can you tell?
<review# 987,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2009,11/10/2009,422,310,19,18,17>Ooh yeah baby!  Ooh motherfreaking yeah!  It don't get better mang. Seriously.  This is what I'm talking about.  I am tempted to end the review here but I will explain my unintelligible rant.I've come here twice and had their Sloppy Bao (spice curry beef, green mango, basil) and the second time around I had the Spicy Cat Fish (because they ran out of the Sloppy Bao).  Both were deliciously satiating and I really could not have asked for more.  At a reasonably priced $8 per sub, I got a baguette filled with meat, spices, bean sprouts, and other Vietnamese ingredients that I ignored to place with my taste buds because I was too busy being a fatass devouring every bit.  I actually brought my LSAT classmate during our lunch break and he simply died, went to nirvana, and came back to finish the LSAT class.As a side note, their sandwiches pair great with a side of Pommes Frites (right around the block on 2nd Ave. b/w St. Mark's Pl. and 7th St.) and the dipping sauces are great for lacing your sandwiches for an extra kick.  A nice summer ale would be good to wash it all down as well.  I am drooling now.  Thanks.
<review# 988,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2009,11/8/2009,107,117,40,35,29>This place rocks my socks off.  You sign up for a 2-hour timeslot for either indoor or outdoor (you can't change it).  They harness you up so beware - if you have any type of belly piercing, you have to take it out, because it will rip that piercing out.  Kind of scary, I do wonder what happens if you have an outie belly button - but looking at that is more disgusting than a ripped belly button ring.  They give you a few easy instructions on the ground.  Then....It's a long, wobbly climb to the platform of probably 2 stories high.  It doesn't look scary until you climb up that ladder, so powder those hands up, because you will be sweating with fear!Once on the platform, a little bitty guy grabs onto the back of your harness while your other 2 hands are clasped tightly around the bars for safekeeping.  He brings over the swing bar which is HEAVY (they told me it was 5 pounds, but it felt more like 15!) for your right hand to grab while the left is still grasping firmly to the metal bar next to you.  Then....He tells you to lean FORWARD with your feet still firmly planted onto the platform.  You have to be at like a 30 degree angle.  Sweat pours down your brows and your underarms are soaked with perspiration (gross, but true).  Then...He tells you to let go of your other hand and grab the swing bar with BOTH HANDS NOW!  UM, HELLLL NO!  But he tries to reassure you that he's got you.  You tell him, "you weigh probably the same amount as my left thigh, I am not letting go!".. he tells you, trust me, I got you, just grab the bar with your other hand.  Finally, with knees shaking, teeth chattering, you do it....  THEN......Onnnneee..Twwwooooo...THREE - JUMP!  WOOOOO HOOOOOOO!  LOOK MA, I'M FLYING!!!Flip.  Easy.  Release.  Easy.  THE CATCH!  NAILED IT!  I am so ready for the CIRCUS now.  Ringling Bros ain't got nuthin' on me!
<review# 989,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2009,11/7/2009,485,350,11,19,17>Terroir was full up when we arrived, so a gander at Yelp for iPhone led us to Desnuda, and we were glad it did.I'd like to describe the delectable ceviches we ate in greater detail, but I don't remember all the ingredients. Suffice to say they were all delicious. One I remember was yellowfin tuna marinated in grapefruit juice, with rice noodles, sesame seeds, cilantro and slices of grapefruit. Another was salmon with mango and a sauce that made us lick the bowl it came in. The wine list was indeed reasonable and we tried a Chardonnay/Gewurztraminer blend (from Uruguay, no less) that was tasty (even if my companion found it a bit heavy on the oak), and a blush Cava that was quite refreshing with the ceviche.  The palm fans waving back and forth were dreamy, and took me right back to my recent excursion to the Long Bar at Raffles in Singapore, which has rafts of them waving back and forth as well, and I believe is where they originated.The staff was helpful and welcoming, the space is tight but cozy, and the music is good. We talked to the chef quite a bit, who was doing most of his preparation right in front of us behind the bar. He apparently was the chef at Bond Street at one time, and said he finds this to be a much more relaxing and fun place to work.  It shows in the ceviches he produces. Yum. Go here. It's well-crafted, clean food and a nice departure from the regimented feel of your run of the mill sushi bar.
<review# 990,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2009,11/5/2009,97,216,8,18,14>The almond croissant may be the best I've ever had.  Seriously.  And I'm an almond croissant aficionado.We also picked up two bags of their financiers, because Time Out New York just wrote a blurb about them citing them as the best, most perfect financiers in the city.  These are bite size little pastries, sort of a cross between a pound cake and a macaroon in consistency (meaning they're dense), but far better than either.  We got a bag of the lemon and a bag of the half chocolate, and all I can say is wow.  WOW.   I liked the chocolate/vanilla ones better, just because I believe that chocolate really does make everything better.  According to the Time Out article they make the financiers in other flavors like pistachio and, special for Valentine's Day, raspberry/chocolate.  I must have both.I will be gaining 10 lbs thanks to Colson this month, and it will all be worth it.
<review# 991,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2010,6/3/2011,157,490,33,32,39>"I think he was trying to fan us in order to keep us cool in this heat!"I said that with a straight face, but Srini found it hilarious. In all honesty it was extremely distracting to see the server look right and then left moving his neck like a rotating fan - while reciting the specials of the day. He did his best not to maintain eye contact, and I wondered whether it was due to a joke I might have cracked earlier."Why do you love Italy so much?" inquired a friend of me in an earlier visit. "What's not to love? The history, the arts, the food, the people... I mean just visualize the map of Europe and their neighboring countries, and then consider the Italians' complete lack of organization, and structure: they don't form a line, they cut into lanes, they are late for appointments, many believe death should precede taxes, they believe rules are optional, they are vocal and gesture a lot - there is an unfocused buzz of electrical energy all around. It's as if one had transplanted India into Europe"This was confirmed almost immediately as I asked the server for his recommendation in dessert. As I debated with him between the ricotta cheesecake (that he named) and the chocolate cake, he became speechless with emotion. Such was his conviction and passion that no words came out from his open mouth, till ultimately he shook his head and said: "the best". I don't know what was more priceless - his reaction, or the stunned look of my dining partner as she witnessed his raw, earnest emotion.The best. Truly. The best ricotta cheesecake in the city. Airy. Creamy. The best I've had in my life! Incomparable! Even better than a superlative version at Veniero's, as I thanked Jim U for his excellent review that drew my attention to Pepolino.Pepolino gets that reaction from many diners. Srini thought the Ribollita (Tuscan bread soup) was the best he had eaten, my earlier dining companions have had similar sentiment for the spinach souffle (with tomato coulis and parmesan), the veal & ricotta meatballs, the penne with pumpkin & fresh ricotta, etc. That said, not all dishes deliver a rapturous feeling with many doubts over the pasta dishes. Personally, I've loved the simple Pappardelle with tomato sauce and thyme, and the spinach and ricotta gnocchi - it would be safe to take a bet on anything with ricotta.For a "secret restaurant" Pepolino attracts its fair share of celebs, and even I have seen a few in my four visits here. However, the lingering memory of your visit will be of hearty laughter, animated conversation, and the sight of arms flailing wide as the Italian clientele appreciates the simple pleasures in the minutiae of life - reminding you of how everyday life could, and should be.
<review# 992,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2011,6/2/2011,93,122,7,14,12>It's been 22 years. 22 years I've been desperate for a proper burger in the Bay Ridge area of Brooklyn. I understand that there's a sea of diners and other worldly restaurants out here, but none of them has ever served me a decent burger. Soggy buns, gritty patties, unmelted cheese; I've had it all.I was searching for a place to eat with a close-minded friend of mine. Burgers, I thought! Who in their right mind, vegetarians including, could turn down a decent burger. That's when I discover Burger Bistro. 4 1/2 stars on yelp you say? In Bay Ridge, for burgers? The closest thing to a decent burger here was the overpriced Five Guys, and their burgers are garbage. I had my doubts.Let me start with my first impressions. The dining area itself is small, and admittedly, lacks personality. Not much decor is on the walls aside from a few artsy-cutesy scribbles. And not many patrons were on hand either. But whatever, it was an early afternoon, many people were just getting off work at this time. We were sat quickly by a very pleasant waitress, and proceeded to order. Now, the way you order is a tad odd, but ingenious in a way where it frees up a waitress's workload. The menu is basically a check list. You have a choice of appetizers, and from there you can select the way you want your burger done, what toppings, what kind of bun, etc. A pastel type pen is provided for you to check off your choices on the menu. My friend and I both chose a beef burger with bacon, and a jalapeño-mayo sauce. I had my burger with smoked Gouda, and he had his with asiago. 15 minutes later, the burgers arrive, and the rest was history. Super juicy patty, equally soft bun; this was a quality burger my friend. The jalapeño-mayo sauce was seriously lacking kick, but never mind that, this burger deserves the full five stars based on the burger basics alone. It is a technical marvel. I've had many great burgers in Manhattan, but Burger Bistro can compete with just about any of them. Just because you're residing in Bay Ridge no longer means that you can't get a good burger. Well, I can say that now anyway.Additional notes*Even with the cheese($1), bacon topping($1), and sauce($1), the burger only came out to $9. That is a steal.
<review# 993,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2011,6/1/2011,59,195,9,12,10>Growing up by the 7 train in Queens, there is no reason that the mighty Mexican taco is not a staple, alongside other foods such as empanadas, beef chow fun or General Tso's and the street vendor churros.This location serves a taco so mighty, that I can say it tastes better than the other lcoation. It is so mighty that when it arrived the tender bits of carne asada had a little fiesta in my mouth when I took my first bite. They were quite generous with the guacamole sauce (which i'm not really used to because Truck Taco stands don't use this). The chorizo was cooked to perfection and had a little zing and a lot of zang. I will definitely come back to continue this fiesta and hopefully i'll be hungry enough to order one of their bigger menu items.
<review# 994,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2011,5/30/2011,593,1089,14,14,12>cheesesteaks came, eaten right awaygone insane...BUT THE MEMORY REMAINS(sorry Metallica, song parodies are covered under fair use)after having only had a breakfast sandwich and coffee at Dunkin Donuts at 10:30 AM, and then a full day guiding Danielle through the American Museum of Natural History, my stomach was a-rumbling.we started off with 2 ginormous latkes - crispy on the outside and didn't fall apart. I think Danielle had about half of one, and I had the other 1.5. both sour cream and apple sauce were offered.some cole slaw and pickles were put out to nosh on, but I wanted to save room for the main course, so I had a little slaw.main course - a Philly cheesesteak. in a Jewish deli? yes, let's be intrepid. a hefty roll packed to the gills (do rolls have gills?) with beef, cheese, and onions. I demolished the whole thing. note that I didn't have to add salt, pepper, or any sort of sauce to it, as it was delectable on its own.Danielle had a turkey reuben. I sampled some of it, and it was excellent. I am the person your parents warned you about (no, not a drug dealer, but rather the kid who will eat your food when you're not looking).finally, out came dessert. this thing was a monstrosity that could only have been produced by exposure to gamma rays - two large black&white cookies with vanilla and chocolate ice cream stuffed between them, a fist-sized heap of whipped cream, and a liberal amount of chocolate syrup drizzled on top. there was nothing left at the end of it all and the chef seemed to be in shock.what an incredible meal. quality of the food and service were great, and the atmosphere was fun.after this, I walked all the way to Rattle n Hum - yes, WALKED - to work off the food coma. I am very thankful that Manhattan gently slopes downward.Artie's, I shall return and continue the conquest of your epic meals...
<review# 995,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2011,5/29/2011,804,1655,12,17,23>I live 2 blocks from this park. I love this park. It is where Spike Lee does his MJ tributes each summer. It is where local bands perform. There is usually some reggae involved. I also run in this park. But this park will kick your ass when you run here. There are lots of hills, bends and turns. It is a true work-out. I also love that they have an obelisk. Its nice to stare at it after a good run. I have seen lovers here sharing a bench and kisses. I have seen writers here creating their great manuscript. I have seen skateboarders here doing their tricks. I have seen musicians here toying with their instruments.I have seen dancers here just getting their groove on.I have seen dogs and their owners here happily bonding. I have seen families here laughing and making good memories. I have seen runners all pushing their way up the hill. No pain, no gain. I have seen people doing shady things here. To each his own. What I love about this park the most is all the people and watching life happen. Life is just amazing and oh so curious!
<review# 996,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2011,5/28/2011,611,712,5,11,12>After visiting our future home to check out the renovations, Leigh and I decided we should have a celebratory drink at one of our inevitable future haunts. We picked the right place.We ordered fries and beer (I was so excited they had Speakeasy Prohibition AND a Southern Tier IPA on tap), and proceeded to make plans for our minimum of two years together. The fries were bomb, and the cook even made us a special mayo at our request. After our beer (we couldn't stop there, yknow) we each ordered a Bulleit. $7!!!! You really can't go wrong with that. Our bartender, Jordan, was a doll, and made us feel certain that we'd spend many happy hours and long nights in the cozy interior of this bar. Everything just seemed really...eerily perfect. Once Jordan bought us a shot of Jameson, it was just really fucking awesome perfect, and we stumbled out a little more drunk that we had anticipated.A good sign.
<review# 997,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2011,5/27/2011,343,317,40,56,55>As an English-Canadian, it's somewhat ironic and amusing to find not one, but two Quebec owned restaurants taking New York by storm in recent months. In hockey terms, it's akin to being a Maple Leafs buff traveling halfway across the world, only to find out the locals are die hard Habs fans.You see, Quebec is the sexy cousin that drinks early, fucks around and generally traipses about without a thought in the world. Less Joe Clark, more Pierre Trudeau. Mitsou. Strip clubs that are beloved by American bachelors on the Eastern seaboard. It's got that extra somethun, somethun that the RoC (rest of Canada) chastises but wishes it could have. So, really it should come as no surprise that the "Canadian" food invasion of New York has been engineered by la belle province. Mile End kicked it off last winter by introducing Montreal smoked meat and poutine to the masses. And now M. Wells seems poised to wrestle some of the foodie spotlight by offering an inspired, eclectic take on diner food. I first heard about M. Wells last winter when I ordered a tourtiere -traditional Quebec meat pie- from the owners at one of the local markets. It was a decadent, savory mix of foie gras, pheasant, pork and brisket encased in a thick, buttery crust. The pie was supposed to serve 4 easily but the hubby (a quebecer) and I, being the fatties that we are, took a voracious pleasure in wolfing it down. Shortly thereafter, we were informed that the owners were opening a LIC diner. I waited with bated breath. And waited...until reports of approval, awe and satisfaction rolled in from fellow diners. Finally, after seeing so much good press, I deemed a visit as necessary as a proverbial cleaning of the pipes. In other words, I needed to get it out of my system....Many have regarded the menu as Quebecois or French Canadien fare but I think that would be an oversimplification. The tourtiere, buckwheat crepes (ploye) and Pâté chinois (quebec shepherd's pie) are nods in that direction, but the menu also features a mishmash of dishes that pay tribute to the diversity of Queens. Here's what I've had so far:-Bone Marrow with Escargots. Two French bistro standbys yes, but hardly something Bonhomme or Jean Guy Tabernack would be enjoying on a regular basis. A flintstone-esque bone split lengthwise with fat escargots resting in the rich marrow topped off with a gratin of breadcrumbs, butter and herbs. This was supposed to be an exquisite exercise in hard and soft but it tasted rather flat for me. Earlier reviews had this dish paired with a red wine puree, that might have provided a nice contrast.-Brussel sprout bacon hash. A puck of creamy fried hashbrowns served with browned brussel sprouts, smokey bacon bits and a silky poached egg on top. Well prepared hollandaise permeates every bite of this wonderful breakfast dish.-Pickled pork tongue. This is a true quebec brasserie classic. A no fuss, tasty appetizer that breaks apart into tender tangy forkfuls. Off-ally good. Served with a stiff dijon and homemade soda crackers.-Cubano. M. Wells take on one of my favourite sandwiches. I appreciate the effort but I'll stick to my regular haunts for this. It's a well pressed hoagie attended to with generous lashings of butter. But I didn't think the roast pork, mortadella, thick mayo and cheese melded enough together. The advertised pickles were also MIA. -Tortilla Espanola. Another pan-cultural item. A homey omelet of fluffy eggs, potatoes and onions. Get it with blood sausage for an extra savory bite.-Coquilles St. Jacques. Bay scallops and razor clam bits nestled in a fantastic creamy gruyere sauce. Small portion. The MIL almost squealed liked a twelve year old at Bieber concert upon catching this on the menu. -Egg souffle. M. Wells takes on Korean steamed eggs. Made with a mushroom broth with good umami flavor. Finished off with bonito flakes, scallions and seaweed in a cast-iron crock, the overall effect is dramatic. This was okay but I prefer the Asian version. It's lighter and softer.-Ceasar salad. I have a new favorite ceasar salad. Crunchy romaine leaves gussied up in a tasty, smoked herring dressing under a cloud of parmesan. Cheese poofy croutons add to the pleasure.-Beef lamb burger. Wow. This is a mouthful of awesome. A hefty patty sports a beautiful charred crust yet remains moist and juicy after the first bite. Rich flavour, slightly gamey. A schmear of harissa mayo and pickled carrot slices round out this hit parade of textures and flavours.If the server asks you if that is all, your likely instinct is to give up and utter: 'ça suffit!' But their banana cream pie is luscious and the coffee strong....I've been here a few times already and in doing so, I've had to postpone my New Year's resolutions. Yes, the food is hearty, creative and delicious but well worth a gander. Not everything works but more often than not you're enjoying delicious, gourmet food at reasonable dare I say, respectful prices.
<review# 998,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2010,5/26/2011,215,192,14,12,13>Liz Lemon will tell you that all anyone ever wants in life is a sandwich.I find this to be true.Brett W will tell you that all anyone ever wants in life is a delicious martini.This is also true.The Six-Olive Martini is $10.95 and gives you, as its name suggests, six olives. That means that you have three on a spear and three soaking at the bottom. You get to snack . . . and then snack some more!Pair it with a burger or a chicken sandwich and you can stay under $30 total. And yet leave feeling GREAT. (Read: Drunk.)
<review# 999,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2011,5/25/2011,294,271,18,23,21>Where can you find --food that doesn't skimp on flavourwith plenty options for the carnivores and herbivorestables for big and small partiesgreat ambiencefriendly servicewithout breaking my walletin a cool neighbourhood?Umm, well, if you haven't yet guessed the answer, go read a different review.Okay fine I was lying about the cool neighbourhood part (no offense if you love this area. After all it hosts the museum of sex).I discovered Ilili this fall and have been here several times since. Right from the smiling coat check lady to the recomendations from the servers to the lady in the bathroom who hands you paper napkins to wipe your hand (maybe that one's a bit creepy), the service element is impressive.Now on to the food and drinks. The drinks, while pretty strong, usually hit the mark with the flavour and ingredients. The bourbon+orange flower water cocktail is my favourite, while I remember being less impressed with the phoenician lemonade. They also serve Arak, an anise flavoured grape liquor - similar to Ouzo but poured ceremoniously in the Lebanese fashion into ice cold water, transforming the clear liquid into a milky emulsion.. ahh magic. Sorry I got carried away there. I just love anise so much.I always try to come to Ilili in a big group because that means I get to sample many many of the dishes that I have come to love. Their warak enab is excellent , as is the baba ghanoush, hummus and labne. Also big hits are the phoenician fries and the batata harra, that have a nice kick from the spices. I am less fascinated by the mouhamara (a bit bland) and the warm eggplant (ooh those tamarind molasses make my mouth pucker!).The brussel sprouts dish is insanely yummy, but I must warn you it was made for a sweet tooth. The grapes cut the richness and the walnuts complement the sweetness of the dish. And you can use that unlimited supply of fresh, fluffy, hot pita to mop up the last bits of the fig puree/mint yogurt from the bowl. It's just insane, what else can I say.After reading Atif's review, I went back there again and this time I tried the famous candy bar dessert. It is creamy and rich with its chocolate ganache and fig caramel, and has the perfect crunch at the bottom. *dreamy eye* + *drool*.I would recommend Ilili in a heartbeat.
<review# 1000,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2011,5/24/2011,227,484,11,17,17>I've been here twice and both for my favorite, Tom Yum Soup.  I don't know anywhere else where you can get it as a base broth for Hot Pot.  It's so good that you don't even need to use a dipping sauce.It is also by far, the cheapest AYCE hot pot I've ever had.  However the quality of the raw foods isn't sacrificed.  In fact everything is fresh with no bruises/markings and no frozen stuff!  With the exception of the dumplings, which is a must get!The waiters despite not being able to speak good English, are attentive and helpful.  The 2nd time I went with my sister and my nephew, they helped carry his stroller up to the 2nd fl.  I only wish they had a few more seafood options available on the AYCE, but for an additional $2 per serving, you can get them.  I can't wait to bring my family here the next time they're in town!Thanks for organizing the cool UYE Hot Pot here Wing!  PS - The eggs are hidden in cartons behind the sauce station.  And if you can't figure out what's in the Chinese labelled tea pots and containers, just smell it!
<review# 1001,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2013,7/16/2013,444,306,6,7,6>I went to a Brazilian steakhouse many years ago. The place was on Central Ave, but it has since closed down. I remember that I liked the IDEA of a churrascaria, but the execution at this particular restaurant was all wrong. It was chaotic and messy and loud. But I'd heard excellent reviews of Texas de Brazil from several people, so I was eager to try it. Brian and I went on a Saturday and upon entering the restaurant, I immediately knew that this place would be entirely different: a long bar at the right of the entrance was well stocked with a variety of liquors, while the glass wall behind the hostess housed hundreds of bottles of wine. Lounge chairs in the center of the room were a comfortable reprieve for the people who were willing to endure the hour + wait for a table. We were seated fairly quickly in a large, elegant main dining room, and were immediately approached by a smiley server who explained what we could expect from the dining experience. For a $47 fixed price, we'd get the unlimited salad bar and unlimited meat (but we had gotten a deal through Groupon). Our seats were located right by the 47 item buffet salad bar, and while there was salad and assorted vegetables, this bar also had lobster bisque, a variety of cheeses (parmesan, goat, mozzarella), sushi, rice and beans, just to name a few ... one could easily fill up on the salad bar, alone. But we came for the meat. We were instructed to turn over the cards provided at our table from the "red" side to the "green" side to indicate that we were ready for the gauchos to approach our table. Almost immediately, we were greeted by men bearing bacon wrapped chicken, rack of lack, flank steak, sirloin, pork shank ... I'm embarrassed to say that I was full within five minutes, so we didn't even get to try all the meat that they had. Our server also brought over plantains and mashed potatoes to complement the meat. As stuffed as we were, I can never say no to dessert, and I had eyed the dessert tray at other tables over the course of our dinner, so my curiosity was already piqued. There were an assortment of cakes and pies, but Brian and I both thought they'd be too heavy for us. Our server mentioned a papaya mousse, made with fresh papaya and whipped vanilla ice cream. It was the perfect end to our dinner: light, creamy and not overly sweet. For future reference, I'll remember that next time I should:- Go with a group: It's a really fun place and would be cool to experience with a group of friends or family-Not eat a single thing all day beforehand. I want to be able to eat EVERYTHING next time.
<review# 1002,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2013,7/15/2013,205,245,13,15,12>Everything here is so cramped. As soon as I walked in, I was standing in line at the front desk. The front desk girls are so patient and have such great personalities. My friend bought me a Groupon package that consisted of a mani/pedi with a 10 minute reflexology (that I've yet to use) and a 70 minute body scrub. I took advantage of the body scrub today and after a few things that turned me off before the scrub, I feel really clean. Not the kind of clean where you take a cold shower after sweating a ton. It was definitely a different kind of clean feeling. I was led to a steam room after I got my robe and cloth underwear on. I seriously cannot stand steam rooms/saunas cause I get claustrophobic and panic. I don't know how I didn't die inside that room cause I was in there for half an hour. It seemed as though everyone forgot that I was in there because after I stopped someone in the hallway that I couldn't breathe, he was shocked that someone was in the steam room. Finally, after about 5 more minutes, this Korean lady that reminded me of my grandmother came in and swooped me downstairs into a large bathroom with curtains. The room wasn't as bright as I thought it'd be and seeing the dead skin on my body after all the scrubbing didn't really freak me out either. I guess because I'm used to seeing it. I've been scrubbed by my aunt in Korea before when I was really young. It was the worst part about my bath/showers. Ironically, today's scrub was very soothing and relaxing even though I asked for "strong". Extreme was the maximum and I kinda wished I could've asked for that. The lady who scrubbed me let me know what she was about to do before every thing she did. Letting me know that she was going to apply a cold seaweed serum on my body, and a cucumber mask on my face, etc. Other than the steam room incident, I really was amazed at the body scrub experience. I really loved my lady who spoke to me in Korean the entire time.
<review# 1003,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2013,7/14/2013,532,204,5,10,9>What a great alternative to John Dory, with way more charm, nicer staff and solid character!This little nautical gem just washed up on 5th Ave at the top of Madison Square Park touting local Long Island Oysters and clams, as well as a sexy hip decor sure to please the ladies on your upcoming date night.  The bartenders here are ex child actors and not shy to the limelight.  They love to get to know their familiar customers and will make you a concoction based on what you're feeling or like.  At the end of November they were asking me if I was feeling Naughty or Nice.  Of course I said Naughty as I gave my nicest smile.   I came away with a delicious jalapeno tequila drink.  Each seat along the wall is a cozy little built in booth that looks like it came in with the tide, right off a 1970s boat.  Great amount of privacy in the two top booths and  magnetic paint on the wall over the table has magnetic poetry words and sometimes scandalous or quirky phrases left by previous diners.  Makes for a great conversation starter / playtime with your dining companion.  The lighting in this place is awesome, they actually raise and lower the front entrance chandelier on a pulley contraption to enhance the mood late night as the crowd thins out and the conversation turns juicy.Speaking of juicy, the clams casino dish was lovely, and served on a bed of aromatics and salt!  So inventive, I think I detected some mulling spices!?  Also had the ceasar salad with braised brussel sprouts.  They were so tender on the inside, and perfectly golden and crispy on the outside.  Would highly recommend.  Also the portion size on this salad is made for sharing!Can't wait to go back again soon.
<review# 1004,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2013,7/13/2013,218,330,5,10,8>I was expecting Kopi Kopi to be a small, dive-y coffee shop and was pleasantly surprised to find it to be a very spacious coffee lounge that also serves Indonesian food.  This is one of those coffee shops where you can lounge around all day (okay, maybe not all day).  The space looks like the typical Indonesian living room (minus Dutch colonial era tiles and high ceiling). I dropped by around 11am on Saturday and thoroughly enjoyed my experience at Kopi Kopi. Everyone was so friendly and genuinely excited to be there. There were 4-5 people behind the counter, which made the experience a bit hectic and confusing as we had one person taking our coffee order, another person fetching the actual coffee, and another person ringing us up.    I was so excited to learn that they serve Indonesian food, in addition to serving beverages crafted with Indonesian coffee beans.  We ordered iced coffee, risoles, and soto ayam (chicken soup).  Unfortunately, I made the mistake of bastardizing the iced coffee by promptly adding milk before chugging it, so I can't really speak to the quality.  It's on the lighter side and not the best iced coffee I've had, but also better than Starbucks.  I'll have to come back and actually enjoy the coffee next time.  The risoles (an Indonesian croquette-like snack with Portuguese/Dutch roots, typically stuffed with chicken, carrots, peas, and creamy filling) are heated up in small batches, so they stay fresh, somewhat crispy on the outside and perfectly warm.  The risoles is a bit small (but it's also only $1.60), so can't complain!  The soto ayam (chicken soup) is simple, light and flavorful.  Again, the portion is small.  The dishes I've tried so far are simple Indonesian comfort food, the kind you'll find if you go over to an Indonesian friend's for dinner.  I will definitely be back to retry the coffee and when I don't feel like trekking it to Elmhurst for Indonesian food.
<review# 1005,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2013,7/12/2013,231,226,10,8,9>This is my new favorite place to go uptown. I never thought I would find a place so classy around 145th St. For those who are offended by this statement - c'mon be real. It's not exactly the classy neighborhood with a mcdonalds and crown fried chicken every 3 blocks.I am, however, extremely surprised when I enter the bar and feel like I've been transported to some microbrewery in the East Village or LES. The lighting is just right and the TVs act as distractions to those that feel like avoiding eye contact. The beer is cheap for 9% heavy hitters and these are pretty rare to find on draft even if you go to a Gingermans or DBA.  The overall atmosphere is  friendly and refreshing.  I can even picture a fireplace in the corner if it weren't so packed with happy people.I keep coming here because the people are really friendly. I've always met interesting people when I go for a drink and it's always worked out for the best.  The free popcorn is always a good touch, and I don't think the music is too loud because the sounds of laughter and chatter are louder.  If you go for some bar food, you must try the peanut butter jelly burger. It sounds weird, but it's amazeballs.
<review# 1006,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2013,7/11/2013,70,47,33,25,16>This is not Hawaii, people. This is East Harlem.That said, DO go to Makana if:- You live in the area and are craving sushi, teriyaki, or katsu- You're hungry pre/post-Target/Costco run- You like big portions - You like fast & reliable delivery service- You support local small business- You're having some people over and need a fun party platterDON'T go to Makana if:- You live in Brooklyn and heard about it from some daily deal- You describe any block with hispanic or black people as 'shady'- You're gonna be all Hawa'ii elitist about itMahalo!
<review# 1007,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2013,7/10/2013,50,104,5,11,12>It is impossible to miss the pastel blue facade of Saleya, nearly identical to that of Tribeca Pediatrics around the corner, both owned by Dr. Michel Cohen.  Earlier this week, we visited Saleya for lunch.  Currently, the street-level cafe is open for lunch and the bar seems to be accumulating a bottle collection.  The area upstairs is still under construction, but will eventually feature a tapas bar. The decor is colorful and bright, accentuated by tall windows and enormously high ceilings.  The menu features soup, salad, and sandwiches. I looked forward to warming up with a bowl of soup, so I ordered the seasonal soup option, which was vegetarian potato cauliflower.  It was tasty, light, and refreshing.  He ordered the char grilled vegetable sandwich, with 9-grain bread, filled with grilled zucchini, eggplant, peppers, herb goat cheese and pesto.  It was delicious!  I am looking forward to ordering this at my next visit, which will be quite soon.
<review# 1008,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2013,7/9/2013,153,200,11,12,11>When people ask to go to thai, this is my go to.  It's authentic and their definitions of spicy range from white person spicy to true thai spicy (be clear).Venue - (3/5) small and quaint.  Come early if you do not have time to wait.  Food - (4/5) I order the pad thai spicy (probably white person spicy. My friend ordered hers spicy spicy and I thought there was not enough water to save me (we were warned).  Now I can eat a hot chili pepper straight off the pepper with my food, so be forewarned that spicy spicy is HOT.Service - (5/5) attentive and clear with food spice temperatures.
<review# 1009,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2013,7/8/2013,80,212,9,10,12>"What did you say this was again?" I said, having waved over one of the two amiable young men serving me (and the rest of Atera's counter clientele). "Toasted grain dashi," he repeated, then launched into an explanation involving kombu seaweed and CryoVacs. I loved his enthusiasm, but I wasn't listening too intently: too busy downing successive spoonfuls of the clarion broth with its pleasantly burnt notes. I was enjoying it so thoroughly that it took me a while to remember that a dumpling was still floating in it. Peekytoe crab raviolo, the server had said. Almost as an afterthought, I ate it in one bite.WHOOMP. The outer wrapping, which turned out to be an ethereally thin layer of yuba, held for a moment then dematerialized, releasing its payload of pure crab essence. Such unadulterated deliciousness! So moist! How could it manage to be even juice-laden than the soup I'd just been slurping?!I waved my server over again.The to-and-fro of this tiny dish was a microcosm for the meal as a whole. Even when the magic was partly explained (the crab had been suspended in a lobster sabayon), the food never lost its capacity to blindside and amaze. Even the one-biters could merit a paragraph. What looked like a large piece of chicharron turned out to be flash-fried dehydrated beef tendon. Gleefully salty, yes, and delivering all the simple pleasures of a pork crackling, but also so light as to almost induce a giggle. Not to mention the uni fish sauce drizzled on top, a perfectly-judged grace note of... can I say it?... umami.But I don't have space for so many paragraphs. How about synopses? Uni and sweet potato under a blizzard of Nasturtium flower petals (grown on a hydroponic farm downstairs): a gorgeous plate of oranges and yellows, pure smoothness from ground and from sea. Lobster "roll" where the bread was a dried yeast meringue that literally dissolved on the tongue: a New England drawing done in disappearing ink. Dry-cured Columbia River salmon with guanciale and licorice powder: salty and sweet, fish and meat. Swordfish belly coated in pork fat: aquatic bacon.I could even leave out the metaphors and just list items. Fermented leek and fluke tartare under vinegar ice. Chicken liver pate between pig's blood wafers. Beer foam/sturgeon caviar macaron. Pickled rutabaga encased in beeswax. There were 19 courses I haven't mentioned yet.Some offered recognizable pleasures. 2-week-aged squab had the toothiness and depth of, as the chef himself put it, Chinatown roast poultry... But none of my go-to Chinese spots ever put out a paired sauce like the quenelle of almost comically rich squab heart/liver ragu. A slice of raw diver scallop over "sour" cabbage and hazelnut butter hid a dollop of scallop roe but still hit with the elemental pleasure of top-flight nigiri.Others dishes deceived. Poached halibut dressed with a fishbone broth/buttermilk whey emulsion, soft and virgin white, managed to taste like nothing I'd ever had. Was it the chamomile oil? Does it matter? Pickled quail egg turned out to be frank, delicious fakery, an ovoid of aioli bound in milk skin. Even the butter for the breads had been steeped in Winnimere cheese. A chocolate pretzel shocked simply because... [SPOILER] there was no pretzel! Little tricks like that might've been cloying in less sure hands. But chef Lightner and his crew have nothing if not sure hands. This is serious play.Take the "cracked egg" dessert. Maybe you've seen plays on the fake egg before (Megu's "raw egg" comes to mind), but never executed so lovingly as here. A mannitol sugar shell around ice cream... but what was this "yolk"? So glistening, so decadent?"It's yolk," my server said. Albeit sugar-touched and sous-vided. He delivered this revelation with a hint of a smile, the same good-natured and respectful warmth that permeates the entirety of the restaurant. Everyone there seems to believe they're part of something special, and they want you to come along.You should.Probability of return within a year: 20%; I would rather come back here than Momofuku Ko or Brooklyn Fare
<review# 1010,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2013,7/7/2013,93,132,5,19,4>I've probably been here over 10 times in the last 2-3 years so can pass along some bits of wisdom-Dont use a knife to break the bread.  It is meant to be ripped apart.  -The waiter or waitress will tell you the crabcake is the best in the city.  It's an expensive crabcake, but their claims are correct from what I can tell.-The specials are the same every time.  Sorry, but every time you are going to get a "rare" rib eye on the bone which is marbled with extra flavor and 3 steak medallions with different sauces.  Steamed broccoli is a vegetable special not on the menu.  All are fantastic and have been there for years, I'm not sure why either have not made the menu.-The menu.  As mentioned, the new items aren't on there but the prices continually go higher.  It is unbelievable that a restaurant like Del Friscos, a publicly traded chain with over 10 restaurants across the country, can charge $65 for a steak plus over $10 minimum for each side.  It was at least $5-$10 less expensive when I first started going there 2 years ago.  -As mentioned, Del Friscos is expensive but the best deal you can get is the business lunch.  For about $40, you get a salad, steak (granted it is 6 oz but still sizable) or salmon, plus dessert.  The same meal at dinner would cost you over $100 and it packs the same great flavors.  -The service is some of the best in the city, the wine list is top notch and the location is close to Radio City and the Theater District making this a great pre-show destination.  Despite the fact that the concept is a chain, I believe Del Friscos is a quintessential NYC dining destination.  I hope these tips helped.
<review# 1011,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2006,1/28/2006,485,613,,3,1>went for Winter Restaurant week.  For 35 bucks, you can get a 3 course meal.  I had the chillean sea bass maki rolls, the mahi mahi with risotto, and the butterscotch tart.  Bonus points for the live jazz band, the soft candlelight, and the spacious dining area.
<review# 1012,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2006,1/27/2006,206,397,,2,2>Expensive but unbelievably good service.  If you let them they will keep a record of things you like and dislike, and they will try to accomodate your every need.  The whatever-whenever concierge alone makes this place worth it.  On top of that they've got a a great bar, and lets not forget those awesome beds
<review# 1013,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/18/2006,1/26/2006,39,86,1,2,1>A tried-and-true live music venue with that great, traditional local band feel. But you won't find merely local bands here. Oh, no. You'll get up-and-coming, ear-to-the-ground, tomorrow's-cover-of-Spin bands from across the country and around the world.  My most recent fave discovery from the Mercury Lounge: Chicago's The Redwalls. The smallish space is perfect for bands developing followings by word of mouth. The sound is perfectly engineered for the room. The location is equally great for the downtown crowd and those train-bound from uptown. And the feel is more 'local dive' than 'music venue.' So you can just as easily see yourself returning for a beer as for a band.
<review# 1014,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2006,1/25/2006,363,903,2,1,1>Maybe I just like a good gimmick, but I loved this place when i was in high school. The "show" was entertaing, the waiters were hilarious! I enjoyed my drink being served in a beaker...it's typical tourist fare like hard rock but it's got a spooky theme. My fav part was going upstairs and pressing on the bookshelves only to find they were bathrooms. It was rad until i realized my sister and I were in the men's room.
<review# 1015,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2006,1/24/2006,8,106,9,1,1>Otto is a great place, but beware: my wife and I went there for our anniversary and while we waited for our table, she ordered a glass of wine at the bar...for $26.  While I would usually slap the glass out of her hand, grab my money from the register and run out of there so fast that it would make Mario Batali's fat head spin, I couldn't because it was a "special occassion", which made the whole thing suck even more.  Besides that, the pizzas are great and  the cheese plate will make you look at old cow's milk in a whole new light.  As for dessert, the olive oil gelato is unbelievable.
<review# 1016,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2006,1/23/2006,43,112,5,1,2>Can life get much better than the dungeoness chili crab here? I don't think so!  Oddly, well sort of, I am also having an affair with their chicken wings!
<review# 1017,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2006,1/22/2006,24,113,,2,1>The last time I walked in, I saw about 20 people in 1940s clothes, waiting for Woody Allen to start rolling his next take.  Great coffee, basic fare and a nice ambience.  Full of trendy types who will wait in line for a usual menu but decent coffee.  I really liked the orange uniforms and chatting with the Moroccan owner.  Another great place to read if Cafe Habana is too loud.
<review# 1018,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2006,1/21/2006,21,78,3,1,1>Coffee (in the Cafe'), condoms and clever layout. Oh yes, and CDs as well.  One word:"Brilliant!"
<review# 1019,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2006,1/20/2006,70,181,3,3,6>The little girl sneaks out in me every time I come here. Books, and more books. My feet click against the old marble hallways and stairs and take me to another world. It is so beautiful here I can get lost in here for hours, atleast I attemp too. Don't forget to look up at the ceiling when you come here.
<review# 1020,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2006,1/19/2006,87,47,1,1,5>Little did I know, my trip to the Museum of Modern Art last week turned out to be a decent substitute for CES (the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas). I didn't intend to get an electronics junkie's fix from MOMA, so I was surprised to find two exhibits that conjured up images of CES.The first exhibit celebrated Pixar's 20 years as an animation studio. It was admittedly annoying to dodge the gaggles of 9-year olds. Half of the parents in New York City decided the Pixar exhibit was a good excuse to schlep their families to the museum. Fortunately, 9-year olds are too short to block the view, so the exhibit was still excellent. I left with a better appreciation for how critical are the talented human artists behind the animation. Computers make it all possible, but the creativity and vision still come from people, not from machines.Even more impressive than the Pixar stuff was an installation by Janet Cardiff. I wandered into a room devoid of everything but two benches surrounded by 40 speakers configured in a large oval.  Cardiff recorded a 40-person chorus and replicated the sound by channeling each voice through one of the 40 speakers. It was among the most interesting aural experiences I've ever had. You could walk through the room, stopping in front of an individual speaker, and it was as if you were standing nose-to-nose with one member of the chorus. Or you could just sit on the couch in the middle and take it all in. It is definitely something that needs to be experienced in person, not in print.
<review# 1021,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2009,5/18/2010,209,117,11,16,14>Nothing screams wide-eyed instant love like a full rack of BBQ ribs and four hearty side dishes. Gents, friends, and meat-lovers, listen up while I share a personal secret. The Sweetheart Deal For Two is your one-way ticket to a girl's stomach, and thus her heart. At $27.50, it won't even break your wallet. In my case, I shared the order with the lovely Rachel A., who decided to be a lady with a fork and knife while I already had half the rib bone in my mouth. Oops? The meat falls off the bone, but has a nice tender texture to it. For our sides, we got the mac-n-cheese, fries, greens, and the veggie of the day (corn). We even started the meal with some lip-smacking chicken wings to whet our dinosaur appetites. The contented murmurs and concentrated eating coming from most of our group of 20 can speak to the quality of the food. You can get chicken, ribs, chicken wings, pulled pork, and a nice selection of sides at a price-to-portion ratio that will make any pre-historic monster happy. Okay, I'll stop with the dinosaur references, but only because I have some leftover ribs calling to me now.
<review# 1022,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2010,5/17/2010,412,222,26,35,32>Walking to this place felt abandoned since the place is on a deserted(?) street having a closed down storefront facade, but stepping into the place thru the side door, it has a whole different air. Well, believe me there is a reason I said "Air". Hotel Delmano is filled with Lavender aroma literally, especially the bathroom area. But, It is not just clean air it is somehow intended. For this fact only I would want to give 5 stars. But read on. It was a freezing cold Saturday past midnight. The place was packed but the host was very friendly to find us some spots right away. We ended up at the bar which we would preferred anyways. The decor and style wise, my impression on Hotel Delmano is Pastis/Rains Law Room/Brooklyn Inn. Got it? hmmmm   It reminds me of Pastis or even L'express. Dark wood and leathery, mirrors and antique sinks. Then, Pastis minus French Bistro replaced by the Great Gastby. Then, Rains Law Room posh Hotel lounge without the colorful and flowery Hampton style, replaced by some law room library. And then again, the historic Brooklyn Inn polished and renovated into some Dumbo-ish/West Village style. And finally add the Williamsburg artsy scence. The crowds are definitely mellow and grown ups rather than hipstery Billburgs. The sliding ladder at the bar certainly gives you some library feel not to mention the leather couched table setting exudes the look of young elite social clubs. The drink menus were unique and rare. Even spotted sherries from Jeres/Xeres where is a region of Spain and the sherry is originated. They also had Portos from Portugal. We had some cocktails which were excellent. I had 'Smoke and Flowers' and 'Autumn Leaves'. Bravo~!! for both. The smoke and flowers delivers the smokiness so well that it tasted like smoked salmon without the fishiness and saltiness. The Autumn Leaves did taste(?)/smell like autumn leaves with a hint of maple syrup. However, the prices made the experience all the better. $9-10 drinks when other speakeasies in the city price as $13-15. Jamon and other cheese platters dishes are only $5. Love.... you....... To me, Hotel Delmano successfully secured its anchor as a new kind of speakeasy(?) bar in the right middle of Williamsburg being a well-mixed cultural prototype of various NYC characters - New with Old, trendy but with class in masculine elegance. In negative sense, Hotel Delmano's glamour could represent mid-level poshness and mannerism to some. but then hey, that's up to you. Highly Recommended.P.S.  I lost my ring by leaving near the bathroom sink after washing my hands. It was a gift from a friend of mine so I called several times to ask about it, but only answering machines. I dropped by in person next day, but no use even though staffs were quite helpful. There were handful of lost items by the customers. In my opinion, every business should be somehow reachable with live person.
<review# 1023,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2010,5/15/2010,157,490,29,43,40>Afterwards, we sat quietly in the car. Trying to process what had just happened. It was equal parts bliss and confusion as endorphins took over the neural circuitry. "Wow! That has to be the BEST I've had in my life". Breathless, I could only nod in agreement. 8 months, 7 cities (coast to coast), 133 trials ....  nope, not the search for the American Idol, but for the ideal cannoli. Finally, a clear winner: Villabate. I may be a tough judge, but I prefer critique over easy laughs. Even while awarding 5 stars to Madonia Bakery, I had noted that the cannolo shell added nothing to the taste. Here, at Villabate, one can appreciate that a good shell needs no embellishment or protection from a chocolate coating - it is tasteful and texturally correct on its own - neither soggy nor too flaky or thick/cookie like. And, the sheep's milk ricotta, imported from Palermo Italy, is the most delicious I've ever had! As a result, the cannolo is creamy, crunchy and has an explosion of flavors. It also has an element of mystery: is Mascarpone used in combination with the Ricotta?Villabate is named after the town in Sicily that is home to the family that runs it. It reminds one of the best that Italy has to offer - beauty, art, friendly people and excellent food. The kind of place you fall spectacularly, hopelessly, and permanently in love with. But, it wasn't love at first sight. The first time I was here (12/2008) at Andy H's recommendation (after a 3rd review update), I had tried a few pastries and left unconvinced as one could also taste the essence, not just the fruit. But, on my subsequent visits as I tried a host of items ranging from nocciola, fruit marzipan, cheesecake, seven layer cookies, chocolate spice cookie, macaroons, spumoni (better than the one at L&B!) I appreciated flourishes of genius in each. They do mix up fillings really well and so one can expect to find mousse, ricotta cream, custard, zabaglione, vanilla rum, etc. in the vast selection of pastries. While there are lots of beautiful and colorful cakes around, my favorite would be La Cassata Siciliana, made with sweet sponge, cannoli cream, and a marzipan shell topped with jellied fruits.Villabate is well known to discerning people: on Christmas Eve there was a wait for an hour and a half just to get served. And, none of the patrons looked as if they had mistaken Bensonhurst for Times Square or were holding a map. They've been shopping here for years, and most are greeted and served in Italian. "I used to come here when it was famous as Alba Pastry Shop, but the Villabate folks were so good they drove Alba out of business", said the woman standing behind me.That comment speaks volumes. Not only are these guys so good that they overcame a legendary competitor, but are also courteous to have retained the goodwill of the customers. Truly, if you were to wake me up in the middle of the night and ask me which NYC bakeries would be leaders in service (courtesy, efficiency, knowledge, helpfulness) the two that would come to mind are Madonia and Villabate.The location is perhaps the only thing which prevents me from visiting on a more frequent basis. But, that too has its advantages in terms of wallet friendliness. Villabate has a $20 minimum for credit card purchases, and honestly just to meet that minimum I have had to keep on buying more pastries! When I got home and looked at my receipt for 10 pastries ($23.00), I realized that most ranged between $2.00 - 2.50, which would be half of what comparable pastries would cost in Manhattan.Those of you disappointed by the missing obligatory cinematic reference in a cannoli review, might want to visit around Easter as There Will Be Blood - in the Sanguinaccio (chocolate pudding with fresh pig blood). Whoever thought eating chocolate pudding could be an adventure, eh?
<review# 1024,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/13/2010,5/14/2010,349,349,32,39,37>Kati Roll is a crafty idea that appeals as much to the Slumdog Millionaire fandom as it does to the hip 50 somethings visiting from the Indian subcontinent, sporting Diesel dungarees and humming Bollywood tunes from Bobby and Don, doubtless prompted by the posters at Kati Roll, as they wait their turn to try 'taystee snakes' for a 'bargain price' of well over 200 rupees a piece.A remarkable success story for what is essentially fast food that is fashionably rebranded as Indian street food.  Kati Roll's menu is simple, and conjures up images from Indian textbooks.  The service experience is at best matter-of-fact.  But the food is incredibly tasty -- parathas (flat bread) filled with potatoes, cottage cheese and Indian spices.  I would recommend the Aloo Masala Roll and the Achari Paneer Roll.  Expect to pay by cash, unless your order exceeds $20.I rarely go to the MacDougal Street location, since the neighboring Hummus Place is healthier and arguably friendlier.  But this location serves as an attractive option to the delis and chain restaurants that pepper the midtown landscape between Times Square and Grand Central.Go to Kati Roll for tasty Indian fast food, but do not expect five-star service or variety.  As the supremely annoying phrase goes, that's how they roll.
<review# 1025,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2010,5/13/2010,343,317,38,42,43>Di Fara's: I love, I love, I love.It inspires me to new heights of craziness in my food eating adventures. I've been going on and off since 2003, my first time as a wide eyed, gawking tourist from Canada. I brought my boyfriend, he sat and waited at a table doing a slow burn while I held our place in line all the while soaking in the theatrics of a true pizzaiolo. Since that virgin visit, I've returned a couple of times each year, enough to have the Q train schedule burned into my memory. Enough to endure hour long subway rides back and forth. Enough to know that I should bring a Tolstoy tome to pass the time between commute and pizza making. A couple of years ago I ventured out and I made the sore mistake of not calling beforehand so I braved freezing temperatures and a windy snow storm only to arrive at a closed storefront. Arrgghh! So I was on a Di Fara's hiatus for the last two years. Enough with the erratic hours and the gong-show waits I thought, time to move on. Although I could never help but wonder when I would make my next return to my own personal pizza mecca. I went back this past week seizing the great snowstorm of February as a capital pizza eating opportunity. And yes I called beforehand. The place is as charmingly worn down as it was before with a fresh lick of green paint inside. And Dom, the septuagenarian pizza maestro is still sporting the same worn plaid shirt and cap, churning out pies effortlessly.  Maggie -his wry daughter mans the counter and tries to keep the crowds in check with her expediting. I had a 20 minute wait for a pie this visit but other visits I've waited upwards of an hour and half to two hours. So yeah, don't go on the weekends or prime dinnertime. It's a zoo and it requires all the patience and zen of a Jedi master to endure the madness. Like Luke you'll find yourself tempted by the dark side when others (most likely the uninitiated or uncouth) cut in front or steal a pizza out of turn only to have your eyes cut into their backs like daggers. But the pizza here is first rate in my books. Yes, it's not true authentic Neapolitan style neither pliable or fluffy soft in its dough. Tender, chewy crisp is more appropriate. The thin crust barely strong enough to support the dynamite melange of cheese on top. Added extra virgin olive oil almost gilds the lily, a dangerous pool of cheese and oil. If Dom is extra generous with the oil, the dough groans to support the embarrassment of riches, like strippers at a frat boy party. Oil, cheese and more oil: sometimes you'll get a pie with a sheen not unlike a pimply teenager from Fat city. It's a flavorful greasy mess though not for everyone. The tomato sauce is suitably herbaceous and sweet and the dusting of grana padano on top lends a sweet nuttiness to the mozz below.  Finally, a sprinkle of the specially imported basil gives a nice verdant freshness to each pie, I couldn't imagine having a slice without some of that good stuff. So yes, lots of love for this pizza despite all the pains. I love, I love, I love.
<review# 1026,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2010,5/12/2010,163,562,12,15,17>Compared to Manhattan, Williamsburg* is the better 'burg for drinking and revelry, exemplified by Harefield Road.A typical night out in Manhattan would involve a sleek space, a tiny place, a dolled-out face, and bar tabs from whence your checking account is erased.Quite the opposite, Harefield Road is rustic, with its rickety wooden** appointments - and quite spacious for that matter.  Most importantly, the crowd is chill, in keeping with the ethos of the neighborhood, the on-tap beer selection is admirable, and the price is right.* It's right off the Graham Ave L train stop you Manhattan sissies, it's not that bad!** Butt splinters from rickety wooden furniture may harsh your mellow.
<review# 1027,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2010,5/11/2010,98,60,117,33,42>First of all, I took the incentive to make dinner plans. +15 Wifepoints.Then, I found a restaurant she had never heard of. +10 Wifepoints.Had a cocktail at the bar (Perilla 75) and had a nice chat. I listened to her and nodded a lot to convey INTEREST and EMPATHY. +15 Wifepoints.Crispy Calamari & Watercress Salad and the Bibb & Fava Bean Salad were freaking outstanding. +25 Wifepoints.I picked an excellent, reasonably-priced bottle of white, a Grüner Veltliner which I pronounced with a thick Austrian accent so as to suggest I'm worldly. +10 Wifepoints.She got the Roasted Organic Chicken with green garbanzo beans. GREEN GARBANZO BEANS. The waitress made sure we knew that green garbanzos were even harder to come by than an un-augmented Los Angelean. I opted for the Fluke special, based on her recommendation. I hate the name Fluke, but it was some of the best fish I've ever had. And I even remembered to share it with my wife! +30 Wifepoints.Couple next to us was from New Jersey. The bad part. "My girl just wants pasta wit' butter" and "I ain't into wine so much. I'm a beer guy." Their illiteracy and hair made me look AWESOME. +15 Wifepoints.Place is on par with Little Owl. It's fantastic. I walked out of there with 120 Wifepoints. 80 more and I can redeem them for a consensual sexual rendezvous - or a longer, eight minute backrub.
<review# 1028,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2010,5/10/2010,45,77,12,9,7>You walk into Scarpetta feeling like you need to be fashionable, trendy, and really really good-looking to eat there.  Everyone in there was well-dressed and attractive.  So naturally, I fit right in.  In all seriousness, places like these feel cold and relatively superficial and usually fail to speak to me.  However, the food (for the most part) were utterances of warmth and depth.  I especially loved the table bread.  There was even one stuffed with cheese and cured meats! (one of the best free table carbs I've ever had).  Don't get too full on this though because the portions are quite large.  SHARING IS A MUST.  Each plate contains enough to serve two, easily.  The wonderful thing is, the staff divides each course for you and serves it so.  The service was also particularly embracive.  Our waiter (whose name I'm ashamed to admit I've forgotten) exhibited sincere concern in regard to every aspect of our meal.  Our opinion about each dish was graciously solicited and seemed genuinely valued.  He was never too busy to chat about a particular dish, his prior work with Michael White, or the new projects of Scott Conant (check out Faustina).   Food:Polenta with truffle and mushrooms - What everyone else said.Duck foie gras ravioli - best dish of the night for me based on the first few bites (but eating too much of it can get slightly nauseating)Spaghetti with tomato and basil - lived up to the hype. Sounds so boring and simple but Conant transforms this classic into a novel joy.Branzino with winter truffles - BAD.  I don't understand what happened here.  Not only was the fish bland and uninspired, the truffles had strong hints of what seemed like Chlorox Bleach (at least that's what me and my gf got from it).  It rendered the entire dish practically inedible.  Was it supposed to taste like that?  An acquired taste? An unusual cooking mistake?  I really was confused by it.  If I really gave this dish its due consideration and weight, it was off-putting enough to spoil the ENTIRE meal and experience.  However, I'm choosing to disregard it as best I can, treating it as a forgivable anomaly.Panna Cotta in guava soup, topped with sorbet, and caramelized pineapple - Overly ambitious.  The panna cotta itself was perfect.  We ended up eating just that.  The other components were irritating bells and whistles.  I can see how others may find it fun though, but it just wasn't for me.Conclusion:If I'm being honest about this particular meal, this place is 3 stars at best, especially considering how poorly it ended.  At 70 dollars per person for food (tax, tip incl., wine not incl.), there is no excuse for a dish like the branzino.  I'm giving Scarpetta 4 stars because I'm being stubborn and refusing to give that dish any weight in my rating.  The service really made me want to love this place and so damnit, I will love it.  But if something like that happens again when I return, you can be sure I won't hesitate to spew Yelptastic crap all over this establishment, regardless of how ridiculously well I fit in as a good-looking person.
<review# 1029,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2010,5/9/2010,584,571,10,16,17>This restaurant proves that a vegetarian meal doesn't have to consist of a bunch of side dishes.  The extensive menu mixes many cuisines--Mexican, pan-Asian, American, and Italian to name a few.  The green juices are very thick and fresh--like a deconstructed salad in a glass.  The kale tostadas sprinkled with vegan parmesan cheese had an excellent spicy sauce on them, and the hummus made with red pepper and paprika served with plenty of hot, fresh whole wheat pita and chunks of fresh cucumber and tomato was also a tasty appetizer.  The fresh, hot brownies iced with dark and white chocolate are out of this world (and not identifiable as vegan).  Service was excellent, with prompt water refills and an unprompted offering of more bread.
<review# 1030,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2010,5/8/2010,732,444,22,22,25>Let me please tell you about one of the best nights NYC has ever shown this suburban girl.Bump into my Big Crush from college. Ask him out on a date. Consult Yelp. End up at Voza. The ambiance is as cozy and intimate as my living room bedecked with candles. We relax, drink red wine, and become disproportionately excited when we are served free mini-bowls of split pea soup with bacon (amazing). The owner/head chef takes a seat at our table; we offer him some wine (he declines). We decide on broiled salmon with creamy polenta and the chicken parmigiana.  I'm not sure I have ever enjoyed waiting for dinner as much as I did at Voza - let alone eating it. The kitchen is part of the dining area, so you feel as if your food is being created especially for you by someone you know. Not en masse, and not in a busy, messy, hidden back room. Delicious smells wafted through the restaurant and I wanted to know what everyone was eating. Thing is, I was so enthralled by the company, and the absolute masterpiece of my own dish, that I totally forgot about everyone else.There is definitely something to be said for having a long, relaxing dinner - the wine, the waiting, relishing the conversation of your company!! The art of dining has returned. And so has my Big Crush.
<review# 1031,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2010,6/8/2010,552,567,26,29,35>It wasn't meant to be, and we both knew it.There wasn't anything left for me to do but take Lancelot to the SoHole I'd long saved (for marriage, ostensibly), and treat him to appetizers and apologies; La Sirene's skate, and my tears. We sat down to reckon, myself tentative but already half-resigned to . . . fine, pine. But first, the (heart-) breaking of bread; a little water, for some sympathetic simplicity. I picked sadly and hungrily at my beet salad, the brie cheese, pistachios and apples playing the part of the supercilious match-made-in-heaven. When he spoon-fed me offal, I felt just awful; it was a fine, tawny-tasting sauteed duck liver, but with my heart in my stomach and my gut in knots, it was hard to put a good face forward. By the time we embarked upon entrees (~$28), optimism was coming into vogue. His home-style cream-stewed roasted leg of lamb portended friendship, and it was hard not to feel just a touch happy between bites of buttery skate fillets topped with cold mango salsa. There was enough good will that I deigned to order that devious mountain of fudge laced, profiterole-studded ice cream, and eat my feelings until I felt good enough to participate in a polite hug, and go our separate ways. Luckily for me, and you, and every potential patron of love, loss, and La Sirene, there are plenty of (other) fish in the sea.
<review# 1032,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/18/2010,6/7/2010,804,1655,21,26,25>Forrest Gump says life is like a box of chocolates, but I say...Life is like the moon, you go through phases.The most recent phase:  the pizza phase.New moon:  We did not order appetizers, but we were pretty excited about pitchers of beer.  I haven't had a pitcher of beer in a long time.  Probably since college.  A pitcher of Sweet Action was in order!Full moon:  Since this is a pizzeria with an impressive wood oven, we decided on pizzas.  But, we were tempted by the cuttlefish and sweetbreads.  But come on, this is a pizzeria, so we finally settled on J Street and the Cortes.  J Street had ramps on it.  A leeky kind of veggie.  Perfectly roasted and an excellent partner to pizzas.  The other pizza was basically a Mexican pizza.  I am not a real fan of Mexican food, but this pizza was very well made.  It was served wtih spicy sausage, pickled onions, radishes and topped with sour cream.  Although not your typical pizza fare, but still excellent in its own right.  Two quite contrasting pizzas, but we happily finished both pies!Dark Moon:  After finishing two generous pies, we blankly stare at each other and then at the half-full pitcher of beer.  We must finish our beer.  But wow, a pitcher is really too much for 2 people.  But we were troopers, we bided our time, and guzzled down most of the beer.Few notes:1.  Beware:  hipsters lurking in every corner! So if you're not into skinny jeans, plaid shirts, beards, handle-bar moustaches, or 80s outifits, I would suggest you avoid this place.2.  We sat right in front of the his and her washrooms and there was constantly a line.  Only one stall for each. Makes for continuous traffic.3.  Sizeable outdoor space with bar and music.  That's probably where all the bathroom patrons came from.4.  They sell growlers, if thats your thing! nydailynews.com/lifestyl…5.  What the hell is a gibbous moon?  All things lunar:en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lu…6. Ramps! time.com/time/nation/art…
<review# 1033,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2009,6/5/2010,266,463,22,30,26>if not for j- i would never have noticed this most unassuming storefront; the venetian blinds were closed and when i walked in i was mesmerized!i was instantly reminded of "the five hundred hats of bartholomew cubbins," only instead of chapeaus we are talking crepes! it's a one room affair, a long thin grill, and 3 men making crepe upon crepe, sheer  magic! like warm golden snowflakes, each is a bit different and then a table catches my eye. it is laden with  piles of crepes, and many thin layers in each pile. what should you buy here? the answer is obvious... crepes, glorious crepes of course. so take these lovely crepes home and adorn them! i adorned mine with some fresh cherries and syrup that i concocted and whipped cream. you may also adore them, but i implore you, please not from afar!p.s. it really really really helps if you speak russian here so you don't have to resort to hand motions in order to communicate!p.p.s. this blinnaya also sells sirenichki!
<review# 1034,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2010,6/4/2010,174,105,31,28,25>Broken heart?  You need three things:1.  Friends who know you2.  Fun with friends who know you3.  A trip to Levain.  I call them the Big Mac of cookies.  But more impressive than its girth or weight is the taste.  The rapturous taste of milk chocolate chunk, melted butter, and Vesuvius eruption of RAW COOKIE DOUGH that'll rocket launch your BMI into Uranus*.  And while I don't condone eating your feelings (beyond 7 days), a Levain cookie (or three) shared with good friends over belly laughs is the smartest four bucks of therapy on the UWS.  So smile.  Pluck up.  Wipe away the drool and tears.  Because you my friend are a unique creature of exquisite, radiant beauty.  (These cookies come a close second.)   *It's ok.  I never left Junior High either.
<review# 1035,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2009,6/3/2010,225,194,10,19,14>Perhaps because of the fact that it's expensive, packed, requires a long wait, and there is a bouncer in front, people have been comparing an evening at Minetta Tavern to an evening at a nightclub.  The restaurant has been in existence for 72 years but Keith Mcnally took over the space, revamped the menu, and filled it with Socialites, Fashion Editors, and whoever else is fortunate enough to get a direct line to Mr. McNally for a reservation (similar to the Waverly Inn) if you want a table between 6:30 and 11:30.  I was reluctant to go at first because places with this kind of buzz usually serves sub par food but when Frank Bruni awarded this place with a three star review, I had to go.  I was lucky enough to get a reservation at a decent time and decided to give this place a try.We walked into the noisy, crowded, faux-speakeasy and were directed to the bar.  The bartenders were very skilled in their craft and served us some potent cocktails.   We were escorted to our seats as soon as we finished our first drink.  The server was very accommodating and gave us time to figure out what we wanted.  We started with the Roasted Bone Marrow which was tasty, I've never tried Bone Marrow so I have nothing to compare it to.  I decided to go with the Pasta Zsa Zsa but the real star of the show is Black Label Burger which is made with dry-aged Pat La Frieda beef. I initially did not want to try the burger because of the caramelized onion topping but it made it taste better.  I honestly have to say that it's the best burger in the city.  I was very satisfied with our meal.  We spotted Jude Law sitting a few tables across from us.  As I left and shook the bouncers hand, I began to think about why people have saying that restaurants are the new nightlife.  After waiting, drinking, spotting a celebrity in a packed room and spending a lot of money, it began to make sense.  P.S. Granted reservations are hard to come by, they do allow you to order food at the bar.
<review# 1036,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2009,6/2/2010,287,215,10,11,12>Are you an adventurous foodie-type who finds yourself limited by closed-minded friends who scoff or scare at the mention of any ingredient beyond those on Burger King's menu?  Sick of them spoiling your night by refusing to try things, even after you sensitively explain how fun expanding one's palette can be?  Stop trying to convince these types and trick them.  Go to Bobo.  Swipe the menu from your friend and say reassuringly: "There are a few 'out there' items here, but I know JUST what you'll like *big smile*."  Then order 1) the toast ("Their take on bruschetta," you'll whisper soothingly") 2) the tots (no convincing needed).The toast *may* include chicken liver and the tots *might* be made of marrow (see pics).  But after a few bites of the perfectly-toasted points, savory meat, crunchy pistachios and sweet marmalade (with some kind of heat that gave it a kick) and the fried-yummy marrow tots, they'll be begging for the next step in their taste revolution.Of course, they'll be all the easier to persuade if you start with one of Bobo's stellar (and really food-friendly) cocktails, crafted by Aussie-accented Naren Young.  The Fordham cocktail was awesome -- gin, St. Germain, dry sherry, cucumber and lime with a dash of celery bitters...lip-lickin' good.So grab your wimpiest food friend and trot them over to this incredibly-charming West Village winner.  And dude, give me some of your tots.
<review# 1037,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2009,6/1/2010,270,301,20,17,19>On Sunday 7 Stars Deli is closed, and on Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday it's just like any other crappy deli with sandwiches and a hot bar.  But Thursday is a whole different story!  Thursdays at 7 Stars Deli is Taco Day, and this is easily the best lunch deal in the neighborhood, if not the city.  The twittering food trucks can take a hike.I just paid $4.35 total for two massive tacos, one chicken and one pork.  They were piled high with cilantro and onion, and served with lime chunks and green and red hot sauce on the side.  They were also served with two extra corn tortillas, and there was so much meat that I split it up into the four tortillas, which means I really just paid $4.35 total for four normal-sized tacos.  I'm sorry, but that is ridiculous.  Ridiculous and also awesome.As a side note, what I consider testimony to how good these tacos were was the way in which my cats FREAKED OUT when I walked through the door.  I've never seen them go so nuts for the smell of people food before, and I cook chicken and fish quite a lot.  They looked like this:  tinyurl.com/y9dmkkb  (and yes, those are really my cats!)
<review# 1038,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2009,5/31/2010,480,166,9,20,17>Gena's looks like a luncheonette grease pit for the impatient taxi driver, but don't be discouraged by the modest and diminutive digs. These terrific people have taken the slow-cooking love of the DR and Cuba and brought it to us unchanged. They peel their own potatoes, pull the meat off the bones, and make the OJ and just about everything else from scratch. This care turns into food that will make you think you've walked into the home kitchen of some hidden-talent cook in Santo Domingo. I am in love with their roasted chicken, the oxtail (who would have thought I'd love oxtail?), and all of the sides.Let's get to the prices. Lunch will run you $6, dinner $8. A date and I grabbed takeout once and ate for two days on $20 of food.Now tell me, why haven't you tried this place yet?
<review# 1039,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2010,5/30/2010,114,797,16,13,11>I love this hyper focused trend that seems to be all the rage downtown these days. A shop dedicated to zepolis. A shop dedicated to pastrami. A shop dedicated to Mac and Cheese. A shop dedicated to meatballs. And lets face it: meatballs, which are possibly god's greatest gift to man, are well worth the singular focused treatment. AND SO SAYETH THE LORD. THOUGH SHALT ROUNDLY SHAPE THINE GRINDED MEAT. AND IT WAS GOOD. But even old Gee Oh Dee never had meatballs like this. Otherwise he would have sayeth that it was great. Because these are the balls to beat these days. (No meatball Shop review is complete without a line like "these are the balls to beat". Come on.) I had the beef balls with mozzarella and the spicy meat sauce on a hero. Zounds! Amazing. Perfect even. The specialty balls where Cinco De Mayo related. Pork balls with tequila, jalapenos, and tortillas crumbled inside served with its own special salsa. It wasn't as epic as the straight up beef balls, but I loved the playful attempt here. And it was still pretty damn good. You can get your balls on a hero, on a bun, as a ball slider (!) and over pasta or mashed potatoes. The aforementioned potatoes are worthy of comment, because HOLY HELL. They're like 80% butter and 20% potato. Making them 100% awesome. But it's their big, juicy balls that are the main attraction. And boy oh boy do they deliver.
<review# 1040,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2010,5/29/2010,241,290,17,20,17>Here's a poem:Yearning for the flavorChicken Makhni you make me singFor you I will laborTo have in my house the husband will bring. I used to think they were overpriced. But after many years of eating at and having take-out from A Taste of India, I have decided they are well worth the money. Food is excellent and the decor is serene and gorgeous. And to top it off the staff is always attentive and pleasant.
<review# 1041,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2012,7/4/2012,196,656,5,9,8>My co-worker picked this place to have dinner with our business partner from Hong Kong and the sourcing team from Chicago after long day of meetings. I was glad my co-worker chose this place because I've always wanted to try it. We scored a nice table upstairs, which was somewhat quieter, cozy and romantic. Although it may appear as one of those trendy scene restaurants with beautiful people and overpriced mediocre food, this place actually serves pretty amazing tasty food that equals the fancy ambiance! I was more impressed with the appetizers and desserts than the main course, which is why I deducted 1 star.  The appetizers knocked our socks off from the get go, raising our expectations even higher for the entrees. Although the entrees were still good, they lacked the wow factor but fortunately the fantastic desserts made up for the just average main course.Here are what we tried:1) Beef Carpaccio: 5+ stars!!!! Wow wow wooooooow!!!! Party in my mouth!!! This is the best beef carpaccio I've ever had!!! Loved the crunchy crisps that were used as a garnish! Beef was so soft and tender that it melts in your mouth!2) Roasted Mushrooms: 5 stars. Beautifully prepared roasted mushrooms taste amazing when you mix them with fried egg, ricotta , and pancetta. Delizioso!3) Spicy Sweetpeas: 3.5 stars. It's OK, but not a must-order.4) Cauliflower with bread crumbs :3.5 stars. The same comment as spicy sweetpeas.5) Burrata with marmalade and crispy crackers: 5 stars! This was such a divine way to start out meal..... heavenly!!!6) Hanger Steak : 3 stars. I'm sorry but this was a disappointing dish for me... it didn't have a rich flavor, and without the accompanying tartar sauce, I could care less about  the meat. The potatoes too were a tad too salty for me.7) Roasted Chicken: 4 stars. Soooo much better than hanger steak. this humble roasted chicken was surprisingly tasty and full of flavor. It was well marinated.8) Pasta: 4 stars  - I forgot which one it was, but it was one of the pappardelle pasta, which was simple and yet authentic. 9) Olive Oil Cake: 5 stars!! LOVE LOVE LOVE!!!! The bestest olive oil cake I've ever had!!! Better than Ai Fiori!! Winning combo of salty and sweet!10) Dulce de Leche Panna Cotta: 3 stars. It's not bad, but I'd rather order 1 more olive oil cake instead.11) Hazelnut Chocolate Torta: 4.5 stars. I'm a sucker for sea salt + dark chocolate combo, so this was an automatic winner!Ambiance: AService: AFood: A-Price: $$$$Reservation is a must even on week nights!!! I'd definitely go back again for that beef carpaccio, burrata, roasted mushrooms and olive oil cake!!!!
<review# 1042,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2012,7/3/2012,816,264,18,14,15>My first experience with La Maison was receiving a variety of tiny chocolates in an ornately wrapped box as part of a larger care package. I didn't think much of it at the time (the brand, not the chocolate. The chocolate was amazing.) but when I first moved to NY, the harpies in my office would not shut up about macarons. Cough, I mean they (lovely women, all of them) insisted that I had to try macarons from these five places and tell them which was best. Now, as someone who makes his own macarons on occasion(say something emasculating, I dare you), I really didn't understand the hub-bub. Then I went on this (ig)noble macaron quest. Let's just say there's a reason I don't make macarons professionally. (That reason is it doesn't pay enough. Zing! But seriously, they are a massive pain in the ass to get right.)I saved La Maison for last, and it didn't disappoint. While it wasn't my favorite, it was a close call. The chocolate filling is an interesting (and understandable) twist, but it does sometimes mask the base flavors of the macaron. That said, you don't come here solely for macarons. I mean, you could, but that would make you a massive pillock. The hot chocolate varieties are fantastic, as is really any form of the chocolate itself. I don't think there's anything here that you shouldn't try at least once. Obviously a lot of it depends on what you're looking to get out of a chocolate, but trust me when I tell you they have pretty much anything for you. Unless you're a weirdo, and want some flash in the pan fad flavor that is questionable to add to chocolate in the first place, like yuzu or something. In which case...shove off, weirdo.
<review# 1043,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2012,7/2/2012,637,1575,17,13,13>After all my cellphone adventures, I suddenly feel the urge for a banh mi sandwich.  Not noodles, not pizza, nothing else will do.Being a New Yorker, I'm spoiled that way.  I feel like whatever urge strikes me, I should be able to satisfy it at any moment 24 hours a day.  Firing up Yelp on my brand spanking new iphone 4s takes about one gajillionth of a second, and there on my screen lies banh mi mecca, only one block north from my current fixie coordinates.  How can this be.  What god is smiling down on me today?  Perhaps it's because my birthday is only a couple of weeks away, and I'm already bathing in the good luck vibes.  Heading over, I lock up my ride, and stroll into the shop.  It looks almost like a grocery store at first, unadorned, except by a teaming mass of people around the checkout register.  On one side a guy is yelling out numbers of previously ordered sandwiches, and the other a lady takes orders. I ask for a banh mi buddhist, because well you know I'm bald and vegetarian so what the hell else would I order?  She takes my ten and it disappears into some money pit in the basement, and five few well worn singles are returned to me.  $5 that's it?!?!  Cash only reads the sign on the register.  I love chinatown!  Shortly thereafter order number 69 comes up, and well the stars couldn't be any more aligned today as the sandwich that they hand over to me is well probably the most delicious banh mi i've ever had!  Soft tofu, marinated shiitake mushrooms, basil, cucumbers, even the roll seems delightful.  I chomp and chomp and chomp some more.  The sunshine is streaming in from the front door beckoning me on with this great day, so I toss my garbage and head out the door with a big fat smile on my chubby cheeks!
<review# 1044,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2012,7/1/2012,3,203,4,17,6>I am going to be as objective and informative as I can in my review with this studio, and just state the facts and also highlight important details for those who may be interested in practicing here and what they should prepare/expect. 1. Practice:  What you should expect is true-to-script bikram yoga. The best instructors don't go off on a tangent or get wordy while we're holding poses.  My instructor/class recommendations are those led by Upkar and Eddie,  Kelly, and Jenna. The above teachers commit to correcting your form, especially if its your first time. 2. Studio: The floors are not carpeted but instead are of a plastic material in order to prevent stinky-ness. To be honest with you? it still smells like a bikram yoga studio, and you can either live with it or do with out. 3. Crowd: Expect it to get crowded (I'm talking mat-to-mat, elbow-to-elbow) and expect this to contribute to the extra hot-ness of the room. Therefore, be very well-hydrated before class and prepare to feel like you are going to die (yes, even for consistent practitioners).  4. Times: Peak times are usually 6 pm or 6:30 pm on weekdays and 11 a.m. on weekends. Be sure to arrive at least 30 minutes before class to check in at the front desk. I would recommend the 9 a.m class on Sunday morning (not as crowded) and the evening class on fridays where you'll see the least amount of crowds. Be ready to enter the studio 15 minutes prior to the start of class. 5. Locker Room Space: The locker room is small. Use whatever space you have  to efficiently and expeditiously change in and out of your clothes.  everyone is considerate of each other and orderly. The locker room has two hair dryers, q-tips, handsoap, small plastic bags for your wet clothes, and shower gel and shampoo are provided. 6. Waiting:  The congestion in the lockerroom after class mixes with those getting ready for the next class, so it'll be a while till you can get your turn in the shower (I'd say 15 minutes after recess).  7. Swipe card: When you sign up for your membership, be sure to ask for a swipe card which you can link to your key chain. This will help you to sign in to class more expeditiously, and this helps control traffic at the front desk as well.*8.  For those who've practiced at other studios in the city, you will be some what disturbed by the excess chatter before and after class in the studio and the somewhat lax attitude towards students running in and out in the middle of class to use the bathroom.The studio is managed very well despite it's high volume traffic and front desk staff is very friendly and welcoming.  Fellow students are orderly and courteous and everyone is generally polite and in a good mood all the time. It's a positive atmosphere, and once you get used to the crowdedness and the chattiness in the studio and the locker rooms, you may start feeling really at home at Bikram Yoga Grand Central.
<review# 1045,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2012,6/30/2012,583,242,19,21,20>"Always do sober what you said you'd do drunk, that will teach you to keep your mouth shut" - Hemingway I finally made it to Death & Co. With almost 600 reviews of this place it's hard to be original... however when you've finally struck gold and experienced the best place to find a cocktail in all of New York it's hard not to write about it. The scene was a busy Saturday evening, 8pm ish. We walked up and my man Sam outside the door told me there would be a 2 hour wait... no worries friends this is the East Village, home to plenty of establishments to get our drink on while we wait. We gave Sam our digits and moved on our way (see you're not even technically standing around waiting... so I see no need for complaints). Two hours later we checked back with Sam who told me it would be another half hour... it is worth the wait, be patient young grasshopper. At 10:37pm an unknown 718 number flashed across the screen and I screamed in delight! Finally, the moment had come. We walked in and, as others have noted, I was surprised at how small D&C was. The place is dark with black walls and candlelit tables. Two chandeliers hang in the front over the booths near the door. It's quiet, dark and sexy. We were seated in a booth near the back. This is not the type of place you come with the sole purpose of getting drunk, although that is a reasonable outcome. You come here to converse with friends, to sip well crafted cocktails, and witness the magic around you. The bartenders here are half artists, half mad scientist and all around simply exceptional. I must admit I've never been a whiskey girl. I like my wine and tend to pick something with bubbles, vodka or gin. At D&C not only did I not stray off the whiskey page, but I simply fell in love!! "Rye whiskey, Rye whiskey, Rye whiskey I cry... if I don't get Rye whiskey, I surely will die"My first drink the Jackal and Hide was a delicious Bourbon beverage with one single large ice cube (love that) and an orange peal garnish. The next beverage came in a martini glass with Knappogue Irish single malt, the name escapes me... these cocktails will do that to you... but I really don't think you can go wrong with any selection at Death & Co.
<review# 1046,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2011,6/29/2012,91,160,28,20,26>I got thrown out of PKNY last night, and I'm still giving them five stars. That should tell you something.My boyfriend and I wandered over here with a friend of ours last night. Despite the fact that it was 9:30 on a Saturday, it wasn't too crazy inside and we could immediately get a table. Nice!After we sat down, we realized that we had actually sampled of one of PKNY's cocktails before, at Yelp's Starr African Rum Challenge event at Hotel Chantelle. Although I didn't vote for PKNY's drink at that event, it won overall and was definitely delicious so obviously the bartenders at this place know what they're doing.On the waiter's suggestion, we ordered three drinks from their Top 10 list: The Missionary's Downfall (which was blended, minty, and delicious), The PK (which was coconut-y, pineapple-y, and creamy), and ... well, we've forgotten the name of the last drink. But it was served with one of those fun flaming limes on top! I am henceforth going to be underwhelmed by any cocktail presentation that doesn't involve fire.We drank enough of our cocktails to know that they were all super yummy, when ... dun dun DUHNNN ... a man came by and asked for our IDs. (We shall henceforth call him "Mr. Just Doing His Job.") My boyfriend showed his ID. Our friend showed her ID. And aaaall the way up in the Upper West Side, my ID shed a single tear as she sat forlornly in my wallet, which was in my purse, which was in my apartment. "You have to leave," said Mr. Just Doing His Job."Can we finish our drinks first?" I asked."No," barked Mr. JDHJ. "The police will come and arrest me." (Which makes perfect sense because it's not like the NYPD really has anything better to do **eye roll** but who am I to argue?)So I shuffled over to our waiter. "Um, hi," I mumbled. "I know this definitely isn't your fault, and I totally should have brought my ID, but, um, since there was no one carding at the door, and we didn't finish our drinks, we kind of feel like ... we shouldn't have to pay for them."(I mean, these drinks were like $16 a pop. $48 is a lot to spend on cocktails that we had like four sips of, you know?)To my surprise, he didn't miss a beat. "Oh my gosh, of course! You don't need to pay for them," he said, smiling. "Mr. JDHJ was a bit late tonight. Usually he's at the door. Sorry about that!"How rad is that? Totally friendly, considerate customer service. I thanked him and said that I would absolutely come back someday soon (with my ID proudly brandished like a battle sword).And I totally will.
<review# 1047,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2012,6/28/2012,1368,622,22,24,24>Heed my warning: Pegu Club may arouse your inner, erotic creature. (You): Go on...?Maybe it was the company. Maybe it was the music. Maybe it was the alcohol. Maybe it was the fact that we were surrounded by sexy women on the prowl.... and we started discussing our preferences and fetishes. Wait, wait, I'm getting off track here.Allow me to break Pegu down for you based on my experience: Do you ever have one of those cliché New York City fantasies where you meet some mysterious man (or woman) at a mysterious bar and the entire atmosphere literally makes the whole evening a tense session of mind-stimulating foreplay? (Which then leads to the obvious resulting scenario...) Ok, so I didn't exactly meet up with a mysterious stranger for my evening at Pegu, but that is exactly the feeling I got while I was there. As some of my guy friends might say, this place has the potential to seal the deal. It has that vibe. That lavish, teasing, sensual encompassing vibe that makes you feel like you're a super model incognito. To me, the decor just oozes sexy confidence and from surveying the room, I could tell it was rubbing off on people. I know it was rubbing off on me.So now that I've probably warmed you up a little bit, let's focus on the most important reason why people come to Pegu: the drinks. For myself, I started off with a La Fluer de Paradis at the bar counter. Our bartender has somewhat of  a famous reputation for crafting delectable drinks according to your tastes and I was looking forward to trying what he chose for me. I was informed that my cocktail had been created using gin and La Germaine. Sweet like flowers, crisp, and strong without being bitingly so. I normally do not love gin based drinks but I found this to be a very pleasant surprise. Next at the suggestion of my alcoholic partner in crime for the evening, I chose the Earl Grey Martini. At this point we had scored a two person table on the far side that came with two plush chairs. Ah it felt so good to sit back, sip, and take in the scenery while engaging in inappropriate conversation with my compadre. The Earl Grey Martini is probably one of the more interesting drinks I've had in my lifetime. The top third of this drink is basically all foam and a small bit of orange peel. Just dive right in and slurp that head. You imagine it will taste like tea but it instead shocks you with a strong citrus flavor at first sip. The citrus flavor then transitions from sweet to the slight bitterness of Earl Grey and then to something more round and full in essence. I'm not quite sure what was all going on with my taste buds, but I liked it.By the way, I loved our waitress. She had a little Bettie Paige thing going on with her bangs and bold lipstick. Such a doll. She enthusiastically served our drinks the rest of the evening at our table. She basically cheered me on when I decided to step up my game and order two Old Fashioneds. Knock knock, I'm drunk! In hindsight, not the smartest decision I've made but it tasted so good and went down smoothly. I didn't gag at all like I normally do on whiskey! Impressive.The music definitely changed at one point to a beat I wanted to jump up and dance to (amongst other things). I remember being asked at one point why was I scratching the table slowly with my nails. I don't recall giving an answer and I'm sure as hell not going to give you one now. Watch out if you've been sitting down and have had 3-4 drinks as that first walk to the washroom to fix your lipstick can be quite a doozy. I can personally assure you, you are definitely getting your money's worth with your liquor.We decided to call it a night as my funds had run embarrassingly low and my friend was hungry for deliciously greasy noodles. Pegu ain't cheap but I bet you already knew that. While it wasn't really crowded when I entered around 8:30 on Friday night, the room had filled up immensely as we stumbled (and I do mean stumbled) out at 11.Pegu Club stands for the most part unmarked on the street, only betraying its presence with an emblem on its door that changes colors depending on the day. While not technically a speakeasy, there are no big signs or flashing neon lights to catch your eye. Sadly like some of the better things in life, it can be easily missed if you aren't looking for it. For those of us who know what we're looking for, we are lucky. With its incredible drinks, swanky decor and sexy aura, Pegu Club is surely an establishment you don't want to pass by.
<review# 1048,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/24/2011,6/27/2012,108,76,7,20,12>The birthday boy I brought here brought me back here for Christmas. And we agree there will also be a next time.The Masa experience is euphoric. Each dish, each bite, each taste is exhilarating. Chef Masa knows just how to get those endorphins flowing, and delights your taste buds just perfectly so the brain knows no law of diminishing marginal utility. The menu comprises fish, caviar, shellfish, and vegetables, with option to add meat and dessert. The optional courses can be shared. It's best to sit at the sushi bar, although there are tables in the dining room if you have a larger party. By the way, Masa eliminated the 20% non-gratuity service charge.The meal starts with hairy crab, followed by toro tartar and caviar. Then comes fugu, prepared both fresh and fried (equally scrumptious). After that comes langoustine (this may be the one course where you feel somewhat out of place, sucking and pulling with your bare hands in the middle of a zenlike sushi bar). Next comes wagyu beef with truffle (if you haven't had multiple foodgasms before this course, well.. this is honestly like tasting the essence of culinary perfection). Finally (before moving on to sushi, that is), you have the white yellowtail shabu shabu (FYI you may well be feeling intoxicated by this point, and not necessarily from the sake).Now we take a little breather... until the chef asks, "Ready for sushi?" It's a rhetorical question, of course. You're elated; you're enthralled; you will eat whatever you're served, which is good because the next hour or so entails eating right out of the chef's hands, one piece of delectable mouthwatering sushi at a time, until you've tried all 19 plus the roll. The experience at Masa doesn't end until you (and your tummy) determine it's over. So I tried to remember which pieces I wanted to ask for more of... another toro, another uni, aoyagi, sayori.... but after the last amazing piece, I realized it was a moot point. I had just completed one fabulous meal and I was perfectly satiated!
<review# 1049,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2012,6/26/2012,1117,776,5,8,7>I am a huuuugggeeeeee fan of special rolls; i.e. ones with multiple fishes, sauces, toppings etc.  Apparently those aren't common in NYC so when I found this place I was quite ecstatic.The location is hidden off the main street and can be missed.  It has such a comfortable romantic feel to it and the service is amazing.  They have a lot of options, but as i mentioned earlier I am the special rolls type of gal and they've got a lot of those here.  They are a bit pricey, averaging ~$12/roll, but it is worth every penny.I order delivery for lunch here often at work and even got some co-workers to eat different fishes/seafoods that they've never imagined themselves eating.  Needless to say, this is a regular spot for sushi for me.
<review# 1050,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2011,6/25/2012,242,180,8,17,13>Everyday at around 11:45, the lines outside Num Pang haphazardly file east to 3rd. The secret is out and it took some hip, urban Cambodians to bring some excitement to Midtown East lunch. Of course, for those kids in the know (hipsters/NYU kids), Num Pang is nothing special and I applaud you for being ahead of the curve. Num Pang has been on my radar, but I just assumed it was another above average Asian sandwich shop. Unfortunately, we all know the old idiom on assumptions. "When you assume, you make an ass out of you and me."Num Pang is not simply above average, it is revolutionary in the world of Asian sandwiches. It's the cool kid every girl had a crush on in high school. The one that doesn't have to be obnoxious just to be funny. He just chills in the back, slouched in his chair. He doesn't walk through a crowded corridor, he glides through them. The guy you and every other guy knew had swag. And this brick and mortar between Lex and 3rd perfectly exudes that. You walk in at any given time and you can hear classic east coast rap like Nas and the Wu with workers rocking Jordans or Nikes.However, unlike that cool kid, where you just had no clue what made him so damn cool. I know Num Pang's secret. It's the MEATS. Take your standard Asian sandwich, i.e. the banh mi with vietnamese ham, terine, spam, and pork pate and throw it out the window. Replace it with your choice of Ginger BBQ Brisket, Five Spiced Glazed Pork Belly or Grilled Spanish Mackerel with Leek and you have on "evolutionary" sandwich. Add one of the best made baguettes (warm, crispy and buttery), with standard daikon and cilantro and there, ladies and gentlemen, is your next step in Asian sandwiches - the Num Pang - Cambodian for sandwich.
<review# 1051,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2011,12/27/2011,382,500,17,32,25>Oh hey, honey. Come on down to SoCo for some comfy breakfast food on your hungover Sunday mornin'.This place is ginormous. Huge. There is a little DJ booth in the front, along with a bar, that opens up to the hugest dining room I have seen in Brooklyn. Plus, there is a back patio. All this space and a tiny kitchen and the place was almost completely full on a Sunday afternoon. Whoa.The red velvet waffles that everyone is talking about were pretty good, but it was the bourbon maple syrup (totally the real deal, no Aunts were involved in the making of this stuff) that made it worth the whole trip. To get those waffles you HAVE to order it with the chicken, a bummer since I prefer eggs in the am, but since I came all the way just for those, I ordered a side of scrambled eggs and shut my mouth. And by shut my mouth, I mean I opened it to down the best grits I have ever tasted -- I even said : these taste like I'm eating clouds. So fluffy and just the right mix of cheesy and egg-y and grits-y. The fried chicken was not greasy at all and had a nice, sweet corn, flaky crispy outside. Perfect, when dipped in that bourbon maple syrup.The portions were huge, so great to share. The coffee was ok but presented so adorably on its own little tray with bamboo leaves holding it in to place, I can forgive them for it not being better.They also serve some hard to find New Orleans beer.Plus! 20% off with your check in on Yelp!
<review# 1052,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2011,12/26/2011,2947,2195,21,26,29>This spot is an unusual Chinatown find: you never know who you'll run into, drinks are relatively affordable, and the staff[1] pour the best picklebacks[2] in the neighborhood. Ask for the spicy ones then get back to me in the morning ($7/shot; credit cards accepted).Whiskey Tavern is hardly a dive. It's clean, with accessible bar and booth seating. Not sure if they have board games - their sibling Whiskey Town does - but there's usually a healthy crowd and plenty of TVs to amuse even the most jaded bar patrons.If you don't like Whiskey Tavern, you're un-American.[1] Thanks to hot bartender Joann![2] Don't know what a pickleback is? It's a shot of whiskey, followed by a shot of pickle brine. Trust.
<review# 1053,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2011,12/25/2011,153,348,7,10,9>The old Torrisi is one of my lunch time favorites for chicken parm and some delicious antipasto... brussels sprouts and cauliflower and all sorts of wonderful Italian goodies. I anticipate their brisk sandwich trade will continue in the new space next door, Parm. The new annex is dominated by a lunch counter with cheerful red stools, and the fun slightly Italiancized 1950's diner vibe compliments the more rustic trattoria-esque digs at the original.I saw a picture of their meatball parm hero, with a giantic meatball covered in fresh mozzarella, tomato sauce and basil leaves on eater, and I knew instantly what my first Parm order would be (gotta get parm at Parm, right?). Like all their other sandwiches, it was out of this world good: tender, moist meatball, gooey mozzarella, garlicky tomato sauce... The only thing I wish was that there was more cheese on it, since there's nothing like good fresh mozzarella, and they are using some quality cheese at Parm. They still have their stand out brussels sprouts and all of the old Torrisi lunch menu favorites, but they've added some stuff. Since I try to stick to a ten dollar and under lunch budget and my sandwich was already $11, I didn't get anything else, but the man sitting next to me tweeting photos of his lunch actually shared one of his deep fried pizza knots with me. I thought they would be like deep fried garlic knots, but the truth was they were more akin to savory zeppoles, slathered with parsley and garlic. The texture was surprisingly akin to a fresh donut. It was unusual and tasty, but could have done with some tomato sauce for dipping. Parm isn't doing take out til later this week, so there's definitely a bit of a wait for food, but service is pleasant and the wait for a seat was only 15 to 20 minutes, which is still reasonable. The prices are a bit on the high side for lunch, with full sandwiches clocking in at $11, not factoring tax and tip, which bought my hero up to $14. It makes a pretty expensive meal, especially if you want to try any of their wonderful sides. A good option is to split a sandwich and some antipasto with a friend. If Parm was nice, they would sell half sandwich antipasto combos. They do have smaller roll sandwiches, but only for a dollar less, and the rolls are the squishy, slightly sweet kind, which I don't really like, and have a difficult time standing up to hefty fillings.  Sell half sandwiches for $6 on the regular hero bread and I will give you a fifth star, Parm!All that being said, the warm vibe and wonderful food make it an excellent occasional lunchtime splurge, and I am looking forward to their nightly special dinner plates, which will apparently start in a few weeks and include aged steak, Chinese food and a Thanksgiving dinner.
<review# 1054,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2011,12/24/2011,618,1991,4,21,13>4.5 stars...The New York Public Library is a huge system of 87 locations spread out throughout Manhattan, Staten Island, and the Bronx, but this listing is for the main branch (the Stephen A Schwarzman building). This historic 1911 building is the largest public library in the country and has so much more to it than just a library. I'm not a big reader and haven't been to a library to check out a book since grade school but I still love this place. The first thing that stands out is the architecture. Between the iconic stone lions flanking the main entrance to the impressive columned front facade, or the breathtaking interior, it's impossible not to be impressed with the building. Essentially the backyard of the library is Bryant park, a beautiful little park with lots of events and places to enjoy the weather while sitting at an iron table under the trees or on the field steps away from the fountain (which can become a movie theater, concert venue, fashion show, shopping mall, or ice skating rink depending on when you go). Beyond the interior and exterior of the building you get into the business of the place. If you've ever come here to get a book you've learned several crucial things. First is that this is one of the system's four non-lending research libraries so you can stay and read all you want (but you aren't leaving the library with any of the books). Second is that you don't fumble around trying to remember the dewey decimal system to locate a book, you go to one of the librarians who calls up your book for you. If you'd rather use one of their computers to do research (aka facebook) you may have to wait for one for a while depending on what time you go but it is free (you're better off going to the Apple Store if it's something you need to do quickly). Coming to this library you have access to checking out one of the most extensive collections of just about everything, from historical maps in the map room, to rare books, and everything in between (I hear they'll even copy whatever map you want for $30, I'm assuming it's better quality than a photo copy but I'm not sure, feel free to contact me if you've had this done). I came here primarily for two reasons. The first is to see the original Winnie the Pooh, Eeyore, Tigger. Piglet, and Roo. That's right, the original ones owned by the real Christopher Robin Milne who's father (A.A Milne) bought for him and later wrote tales about in 1925. They look nothing like the characters we grew up with but that's ok, it's still cool. They're located in a glass case down in the children's area on the ground floor. The second reason I came in was to check out their 100 year anniversary exhibit where they've taken many of their most valuable and recognizable permanent collection pieces, as well as other pieces on loan and combined them into a sort of best of show that has nothing to do with the NYPL but communication and literature in general.  Like everything else it's free and you'll see things like: -The Guttenberg Bible: The first major book published with movable type. It was created by it's inventor, Johannes Gutenberg  in Germany between 1452-1455. 180 were made, 48 have survived, and this copy was the first to be brought to the US in 1847 and is in remarkable condition)-Music written by Ludwig van Beethoven -Draft of the Declaration of Independence hand written by Thomas Jefferson-Hand written letter by George Washington-First published copy of the Star Spangled Banner (1815)-Charles Dickens' personal copy of David Copperfield (with hand written notes) and letter opener-First edition of John James Audubon's Birds of America (another copy of this book set a world record for highest price book when it sold for 11.4 million in London last year)-Original William Wallace Denslow illustrations for the Wonderful Wizard of Oz (1900) Those were just eight of the hundreds of items on display. Everything from typewriters of famous writers, to maps, personal belongings, and more. Definitely worth coming to the library just for this exhibit alone.
<review# 1055,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2011,12/23/2011,677,794,16,22,18>Picture this.Meat Heaven. Need more than that?When you walk into this no frills spot in Jackson Heights, you wont notice anything spectacular. In fact, you might just walk in expecting a to grab some empanadas and a side of rice.That is, until you peep the massive trays of MEAT being served to groups at tables in this place that I now know as heaven. The prices are right at Chivito. My party of 4 sat to a Parrillada for 2 and had more than half of the platter remained. We indulged on skirt steaks, grilled pork chops, blood sausage, pork sausage, and grilled lamb. The parrillada for 2 cost a mere $35. split that 4 ways... and youve got a feast for less than $10 per person. The steak was cooked to perfection withouth any direction to the staff... and was incredibly flavorful. Im drooling as i post this review!  The leftovers I took home made for a fantastic breakfast with the addtion of some sunny side eggs! What more could you ask for? Come hungry. The service is friendly and fast. Ask for the chimichurri sauce. Its green and garlicky! Why are you still reading? Move your butt and get some meat! __________________Special Thanks to The Suit who believes in eating good on a dime.
<review# 1056,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2011,12/22/2011,553,249,27,25,32>Took the wrong train, cause you weren't listening,We'll have to walk further, soundtrack: whistlingA beautiful sight,We're happy tonight.Walking towards a Christmas light Wonderland.I'm so happy I think I have supper powersIt seems so far, but I'm no coward.The street plays some holiday pop song,As we walk along,Walking through this Dyker Heights neighbour-land.We pass our first snowman,Let's pretend he Borough President MarkowitzHe'll say: Have you Eaten?We'll say: Marty you're speaking our language!But first we'll see some lights Then use a yelp app to our advantage.We hit 84th street; I'm so giddyAs I point, smile, and jump like a kiddie.The lights and decorations are so big and brightI now am in love with Dyker HeightsIt's the best Christmas Light wonderlandSo much to see it is thrilling,Even though the weather was a little chillingSo glad we frolicked and played, the Brooklyn way.Dyker Heights is a Christmas Wonderland!
<review# 1057,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2011,12/21/2011,205,245,18,13,15>This hotel is one of the sexiest hotels I've ever been to. Even the lighting at the entrance is crazy beautiful. You can only access the elevator with your room key, which I think all hotels should do...so you don't get crazies like the CL killer. The bathroom doors (or walls) are matte translucent. Incredibly sexy: especially if the room is dark and just the lights in the bathroom are lit...you're able to see a sexy silhouette. Makes me want to get into interior design even more. Oh, and the shower products they provide are by Kiehl's! Hotttttt. Love the grapefruit scented lotion. You know damn well, I took all of them home. Don't judge me.
<review# 1058,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2011,12/20/2011,357,324,34,15,23>Let's get personal for a second:  When's the last time you cried while you were eating?Now, I don't mean you were crying because your partner just left you, or that you stubbed your toe really bad on the way back to the couch with that Hot Pocket or whatever. I'm talking about really profuse, public weeping. And sweating. And maybe some coughing. Okay, scratch that: definitely some coughing. For me, it was last night because I made the trip back to New World Mall for a bowl of Mala Tang (Ma La Tang? Malatang? no idea.) For $5-7 depending on what flavor you want your liquid death to be served with, you can get down with foods that your white ass has probably never even seen. Oh, and it's going to be so hot it makes you feel like you just made out with the Sun.Gourds? Yeah I made a bird house out of one when I was 7. And I'm pretty sure I haven't seen one since, until I ate part of one last night in my soup. And you know what? It was delicious.Some kind of mushroom that looked like a mummified testicle? Yeah, I ate that too. Strips of seaweed so fresh there were fish humping near them a few days ago? Down the hatch, bro. Seriously, I never fancied myself to be a masochist but there's something oddly appealing about eating food that's the same color red as a nuclear fallout warning sign.So I guess what I'm trying to say is, next time you see me crying while I walk down the street, do me a favor and let's both pretend it's because I was just eating here. I mean, it's not like I still get emotional sometimes thinking about when Buffy the Vampire Slayer got cancelled.
<review# 1059,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2011,12/19/2011,262,613,11,12,10>If Molly's cupcakes was a bar, I think I'd drink there every day.  Instead of cocktails or beer, they are purveyors of cupcakes so I'd limit my intake or up my gym visits significantly. I can easily see a scenario where in an act of generosity inspired by the sheer delicious combination of cake and frosting, I say "Bar keep, another round for everyone!" while the staff obliges and teeters on calling security to escort a food coma drunk out of the building.I stumbled by here accidentally en route to Cafe Espanol on Bleeker. Post Film Forum, we circled back and entered a brightly lit, sparkling clean interior with a swing you can sit at! Yes, a swing! But that's not all for ambiance as there's also a wide selection of board games!Scrabble, trivial pursuit and more were readily available. One caveat is that a lengthy game of scrabble may require 4-5 cupcake poundage.I also liked the easy access to fill your own tap water. Yes, bottled is available but NYC taxpayer funded tap is fine by me.So enough of the establishment's interior, let's talk cupcake interiors.Peanut Butter Nutella. Like Mt. Rushmore or the Grand Canyon, there's a bewildering majesty found from putting those three words together. Now imagine eating a cupcake with those ingredients.First , the cake, which was the peanut butter part. I never had a cake part of a cupcake that tasted this good before. It could stand alone and all Molly cupcakes are actually available as sheet cakes.So I bite into the cupcake, experience the peanut butter cake and am also greeted by an interior treat of nutella.  And to top it all off there's frosting of buttercream nutella.Forks are available for those who want to continue as members of society. I dropped out of polite society, eschewing convention and used my hands to deliver this cupcake of the gods into my mouth. I just had to lick the remaining buttercream off of the baking cup. My experience of the seasonal pumpkin spice cupcake was also overall positive although I preferred the pb and nutella.  Composed of spice cake,  pumpkin mascarpone center and sweet cream cheese frosting, I found the cream cheese a bit too sweet. Once again, an excellent cake part of the cupcake.By the end of round two, I was down for the count though lusted after other cupcakes through the counter- chocolate mousse, tiramisu, peach cobbler, minty mash up and so many more.And eating at Molly's is doing good through gluttony. A portion of the profits are donated to local school children.
<review# 1060,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2011,12/18/2011,174,105,15,18,17>Yemeni restaurants in Manhattan: 0 In BK: 2 Winner: Brooklyn This month I learned that food from Yemen: Underrated. My heart's won over by the mind numbing feast of lamb, okra/potato stew, fresh baked flat-bread the length of a medium pizza... With that said, "Yemen Cuisine," in the vein of other creatively named restaurants like "American Chinese Restaurant," or "Lee's Buffet," is not a looker by any means. A peep through the exterior windows may cause your stomach to involuntarily constrict and your appetite to vanish. The "A" grade certificate taped at the entrance suddenly seems suspect. The green neon lighting does not help, unless the aspiration is to replicate an OTB hall or the DMV. To give you a sense of how they operate, try asking the following: 1) Do you take credit cards? 2) May we have utensils? 3) Check, please? Answers: 1) The equivalent of using your Amex at a food truck 2) They will oblige, but note the bread is multi-functional 3) Waiter's response: Silence and two blinks. "Your total is $xx," he says and leaves. This is clearly an eco operation. But no matter. This is about the food, the glorious food. - A starter of soothing, gently seasoned lamb broth served with a wedge of lemon - Stacks of warm, freshly baked flat bread replenished without request. I'm not exaggerating about the size. You can ride it like a sled, though, why would you want to? It's delicious! - A full stack of tender roast lamb. Meat lovers, rejoice. - The name escapes me but it's like a pureed salsa. Terrifically fresh and flavorful, this provided a great contrast to the heavy protein - A viscous, gravy like stew with okra, chunks of potato, eggplant. So addictive, I wept like baby. - A self-serve station for the post meal tea. It was stewed in clove and cardamom and can be found near the broom closet restroom...which I'd avoid at all costs. Our meal here felt like dining in a time warp. There aren't many places like these anymore, and you wonder how much longer they'll be here when you note the neighboring bank and drug store chains, and the shiny Trader Joe's down the block. Do yourself a favor and pay them a visit...tip nicely if you're able.
<review# 1061,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2010,9/18/2010,287,215,16,21,15>I have been to tropical islands.  I love the fun and sun, but most of the cocktails I've had were sub-par blender blunders.  Fortunately, PK co-owners Richie (M&H, LB, DK) and Giuseppe (DK, Clover Club and more) believe that Manhattan is the best island in the world, and they were inspired by classic tiki culture (yes, there is such a thing) to bring a taste of the islands to OUR island. You'll be glad they did. They don't take reservations, so the space  may be crowded at first - especially on weekends.  And crowds don't help the ventillation, but calm yourself and pretend you're in the tropics. After your first sip of a cocktail, you'll forget the crowd, the heat or whatever ails you. I went with the namesake Painkiller, a creamy, fresh nutmeg-topped delight. You could also opt for a Scorpion Bowl or try their elevated take on a Mai Tai.  And these boys give good garnish. In addition to R. and G. behind the stick, you'll see some of the industy's best taking shifts. Browse the beautiful placemat menus or take the Milk and Honey approach of sharing your mood and letting the bartender take it from there. Admire their amazing collection of tiki mugs; many were secured on inspirational pre-opening trips to tropical paradises (tough job...  ;-) or were special gifts. Anyone who remembers the old East Side Company Bar will appreciate the aesthetic overhaul: I loved the distinct Manhattan meets Islands neon graffiti adorining the walls and bamboo accents. And oh yes, there are boobies on the bar. Careful with those Mai Tais, or yours may end up out there as well.
<review# 1062,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2010,9/17/2010,236,311,14,30,27>If you travel through Portugal, North to South, East or West is Aldea the type of restaurant that you will normally experience? well, is not. I truly know that. However, George Mendes has a clear Portuguese heritage not only in his name but in the way to express his cooking as well. Actually, to be accurate, Aldea has been tagged as a Iberian restaurant, Portugal and Spain, which is more appropriate based in his menu. But he has been also trained in some of the best kitchens, he has learned modern culinary technics an develop his skills under names as Berasategui or David Bouley and that, that has been imprinted on him as well. As result, sophisticated simple food. Traditional dishes based in high quality ingredients that only someone creative, formed and talented can transform in a exciting experience for your senses. I could taste a total of 6 dishes and 3 different dessert during our lunch for 4 people and everything was perfect not only the food but the service, and the ambiance as well. Aldea however seems to be a black sheep at Yelp as to me it doesn't make sense this discrepancy in the rates. Without unconsider others opinions, I can't other than give them a 5 having on mind that I still need to see how are they doing during busy times and even when 6 is a good representation, I want to try more dishes.Aldea gave me the best cheese plate I had in a long time. Obviously, your personal taste play an important role in this assertion, but among the immense variety of cheese produced either in Spain or Portugal, he chose an interesting combination that reflects not only knowledge, but a try to surprise and satisfy you. This selection must have been discussed for a while. All were creamy in texture and a progression in flavor. The strongest one I loved it; from La Serena*, similar to Torta del Casar; a cheese that you will not want to keep at home for long.  Its served with membrillo (quince jelly) as the tradition dictates and walnut-raisin bread. The pear and arugula salad was maybe the most regular dish in our lunch as seems like you are not a chef is your salads doesn't include nuts and/or fruits. It was delicious, the nuts where mashed and toasted in a pan and the Mozzarella was just fantastic. Creamy, tasty and fresh. Like the difference between eating regular tofu or homemade. My main entree was the scallops served with farro risotto, cucumber and orange. The scallops were like butter and melted in my mouth instantly. But as much as I loved them, the risotto was incredible. You know that you can order this rice dish in the lunch menu? I suggest you to do it. And the orange slices over the scallops were just so refreshing and fit so well with the dish. The organic chicken breast with bok choy, mushrooms and coconut curry can be defined as surprising, satisfying, and superior quality. The meat was tender and flavorful. It looked fresh and healthy. And the sauce was so good and unexpected but complimenting the meat flavor in a way that chicken is not boring any more. But then I could taste the Spanish  mackerel "a la plantxa" with escabeche jus and zucchini ribbons. This one I loved it. The fish seems crudo, uncooked when is presented to you but is not. A la plancha is barely cook in a pan and the look was a sign of a good escabeche, a marination for fish that is the Spanish version for Ceviche. The meat was firm but tender at the same time and the escabeche jus (juice) is a concentration of the fish flavors than enhance the dish. To finish, we also order their sea-salted chatham cod with scrambled egg, black olive and crispy potato. If there is something that I remember about my many trips to Portugal in the past for years, is my dad ordering every single time salted cod with potatoes, a featured Portuguese dish. At Aldea, it was like the one you get there keeping the traditional flavor of roasted potatoes but scale up because is was soaked in a foam that carries all the flavors of the dish. The restaurant is designed with modern taste, natural and comforting. Eating there is so pleasant. You are surrounded by blue walls and botanical. You feel so clean in here.  It can be either intimate for dinner but also a destination for a business lunch. Aldea has an open kitchen and you know how we are all fascinated seeing them cooking what will be your food in a few minutes. Chef Mendes was there all the time with a bunch of chefs that looked like an army working in harmony. Considering the variability in the reviews you can just do what I did. I decided go for lunch first and give a try. 3 course menu, $25. After this as you already know, I'm gonna come back for dinner. *artisanalcheese.com/prod…
<review# 1063,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2010,9/16/2010,676,592,44,17,12>When I walked through the door with my beau and were bowed to, and asked to take off our shoes, I knew this was going to be REAL Japanese treatment and couldn't have been more thrilled!  We had made our 1 hour couple's massage ($70/hr) appointment at 6:30 PM and got there at 6 because I always overestimate.  We were told to enjoy the sauna and showers prior to our massages to unwind - well, thank you and about time I felt pampered at a spa!!!  We were given keys to skinny high school looking lockers and changed in the same room into big white towels.  Stepping into the sauna that was 173F was absolutely a wonderful sweating experience (we were given water while inside to keep hydrated) and really gives you some clarity right after showering!  Showers seemed very dormy to me, but had everything you needed from shampoo to a hair cap; extremely clean and fully stocked.Then.....I meant...HIM....Nao (pronounced as NOW).  My beau made that face that said "I really don't know if I want another dude touching me" so I took Nao and he got a girl named Janny.  Then...this samurai by night and masseuse by day spoke to me...Nao: where do you feel pain?Oh Nao, I'd tell you I feel pain EVERYWHERE but my boyfriend would surely have to duel you in Yugi-Oh! And I wouldn't want to see the outcome of that so I just told him my neck and lower back.I don't remember much from that hour except a few things:1) I moaned loudly most of the time and deeply apologize if the guy in the next room thought I got a little something-something.  It was mostly "ohhhhhh" and "ahhhhh" and "right there!" with an occasional "ouch" because his hands were like a bear's; crap, that does sound like we were romping around huh? 2) I drooled...like a puddle on the mat.  My muscular functionality ended with the first crack of my spine and I slipped into a relaxed coma.3) I totally farted twice and didn't have the strength to apologize!  I couldn't do anything to prevent it and it just escape....great going Jack...good job.::dressing after the massage of bliss::Beau: I think I might have heard you...Me: I couldn't hold it in ok?! He was pressing on my back and the pressure and yeah I farted ok?Beau: I just said I THINK; but now I know.Go NAO and NOW and expect to feel the lingering pain for two days after but you'll walk taller and feel just a bit sexier after.  Arigato Nao-San! You are my rising sun *^^*
<review# 1064,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2010,9/15/2010,294,271,27,25,29>Let's call this one, "If I were a cat".If I were a cat,  I'd happily spend my days purring against the friendly knowledgable staff at Casellula. I'd likely be found by the bar, lapping up wine from my little milk bowl. And I would never be confused by the hundred different choices in cheese and wine because the servers here will explain it in such simple terms. Because you know, my vocabulary is quite limited as a member of the feline community. And because $6 is a lot for a cat, I'd be grateful for the thoughtful bite pairings that come with the cheeses.If I were a cat, I'd make cute faces at the customers (think puss in boots from Shrek) so they'd let me share their dessert. Any one is fine really, from their ever-changing dessert menu. This would be my cozy den. This would be my cheese heaven.And I'd always land on my feet. Just sayin'.And... no more mice problem because guess who'd have eaten all the cheese? (shh.)P.S: Guess who's been here 8 times in the last 2 months? Sometimes I think they're looking at me going, "You? Again?"
<review# 1065,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2010,9/14/2010,85,223,27,24,23>This place makes me a lot less inspired to whine about not having access to good southern barbecue. Now, southern barbecue it is not, but Mile End has achieved the level of gastronomic greatness I have previously only acknowledged of talented Carolinian pork handlers. Take that how you may. I have tried to have other dishes than the brisket sandwich, but they are usually sold out. After having the brisket sandwich (several times), I can only assume that their burger might make my eyes roll so far back in my head that I would lose them permanently. So it's not at all a bad deal to be stuck with another Mile End brisket sandwich. The feral cats downstairs who scarf the fat scraps from my sandwiches also mentioned that they would give Mile End a big thumbs up, if they only had thumbs.
<review# 1066,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2010,9/13/2010,215,192,27,17,23>Hi, Westville Chelsea. Can I get personal* for a second? Thanks.Here's a pros/cons list of how my life is going lately:PRO: Moving to a great little apartment on the UES with my bestie. CON: Bye, bye Brooklyn. And cheap rent. And future paychecks. PRO: Picking up strangers at bars who have air conditioning at home so I can sleepover. Woops.CON: The only boy who calls me is my ex. And he just went on a date with someone I graduated college with.CON: Life-stress is giving me hives.CON: My bank account is free-falling faster than Amelia Earhart.CON: I still don't own a Shiba Inu.CON: This Pina Colada Orbit gum is not a real Pina Colada.CON: I've only had time for one cup of coffee today.CON: I'm losing my mind . . . So, in a sea of overwhelming cons, I'm glad that I've been thrown a lifesaver in the form of Westville Chelsea, which opened up almost on the same block as work (just an avenue away).It's SPRAWLING in terms of space compared to the others, but that doesn't stop it up from filling up quickly. The market sides are delicious and they somehow always manage to have a beer special for $3 or $4, which is ridiculously great on Summer Fridays when all you want to do is leave work at 1, crack open a brewski, and cry about your growing list of cons.**PRO: Westville Chelsea. Forever and always.__________* Because I know that's what you look for in reviews.** Unless you're not a Negative Nancy like me, and actually just want to have a good time. You can do that here, too.
<review# 1067,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2009,9/12/2010,231,368,7,15,12>In a city where liquors bills are frequently larger then food bills, I am so grateful for the recherché opportunities BYOB affords me. Normally, I would consider a $17 appetizer-sized goat cheese tart depravingly lush for my wallet. But at the rickety table, with my chiller of $7 sauvignon blanc, I allow myself such a scandalous indulgence; and after savoring this tart I would, without hesitation, order this devastatingly delicious tart no matter the cost! The crispy crust cradles a soft blend of goat cheese mingled with grapes and truffles repose under a "veil of 90 days aged swiss cheese." The cheese coats the mouth in warm milky affection, while the grape's sweetness flickers like sparkles all over the tongue, as the floral earthiness of the truffle lingers in the background slowly filling the nose with its musty essence... a simple and rare earthly delight.
<review# 1068,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2010,9/11/2010,851,191,15,22,16>Arqua is gone. I am sad because I loved their pasta (and I am not a pasta fan) but I am so happy to have Il Matto around the corner now...Our evening here tonight was wonderful. We (as always) decided to stay and eat at the bar, which is built a few steps up from the main floor, kinda floating, kinda breezing over the Church Street traffic - very cute. Borderline adorable. We had some delicious white wine all evening and even though we looked at the menu and loved it, we asked Antonio (who manages the place and is incredibly nice) to just bring out whatever he thought we would want to have - we eat everything, have no food allergies, who are you kidding?The bread was good, the braised pork belly with head on shrimp - WONDERFUL, flavorful, succulent, pure, delicious -- steamed octopus, who would have thought -- amazing, the pesto was intense but not too hardcore, the mortadella terrine surprisingly delicate, loved it. Next, we got the creme brulee with onion and balsamic reduction - I swear it was like eating a grilled cheese sandwich but in the sexiest ristorante in Torino or Milan on a wonderfully fun summer evening. I want MORE MORE MORE of that!!!!Then we had a pasta (pappardelle?) with osso bucco - YUM! Light, flavorful, satisfying, all the good stuff. The staff is amazing, very friendly, accommodating, polite and I am psyched about coming back. Worst part of the evening. Havaianas. I had to pee, got up, attempted to walk down the 4 steps from the bar area to the main floor - I effing fell down the 4 step flight with a BANG. Painful - no? Were my flip flops a mess? Yes. On my way to the restroom, I had two people stop me asking if I were ok. I am. So ok. I want more of that creme brulee. NOW! See you tomorrow, Il Matto. Love always, Bartxoxoxo
<review# 1069,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2009,9/10/2010,2396,639,16,13,15>Very much like the bars in Munich, This place is great.  I went there a couple of days ago to meet some folks and it was lively, packed and had an amazing atmosphere.  The beer was great as were the sizes.  I met lots of new friends.  The place is pretty well decorated for the holidays.  Classy decorated, not cheesy decorated.  I was very impressed in general with the place and how nice the bartenders were. There are big tables so that groups of people can sit and have fun.  It is a loud place, so if you want to have a quiet conversation or have a romantic night, this probably is not your place.  Unless of course, your idea of romance is actually living a little rather than sitting around talking about stuff that you will find out in six months probably isnt true anyway.  Like really.  Live a little.  This place is great.  I have not tried any food there but I am definitely going to go back soon.  I walked by on a sunday and there was a line out the door to get in...After my great experience, i was tempted to ditch my plans and get on said line...
<review# 1070,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2010,9/8/2010,45,371,22,20,18>This is the best taiwanese restaurant in Flushing.  Very authentic and true taiwanese places have been dropping like flies since the early decade (2000's?)... with the place on the corner that use to sell shaved ice... to green leaf... and now even 66 has downgraded.  Try the three cup chicken, it is as authentic as it gets.  A few warnings, they are very "Taiwanese".  It means a sense of snobbery and self entitlement.  Not the best service in the world but old school Taiwanese/Chinese restaurants don't pride themselves on service but for the food itself (there is a reason why tipping is very foreign back in the days) -- good note to keep in mind.Example - a friend and i stopped by to order take out and we both wanted the 3 cup chicken and she kept trying to tell me that's A LOT of food and it comes with rice and veggies... ERF?  I want two orders, leave me alone!  and then i ordered the pigs blood rice cakes and she responded in her best impression of what I can only best describe as my Taiwanese grandma that I shouldn't order it because it would be no good by the time I got home (it'll be too soft).  I said EFF YOU! I want my pigs blood! Grrrr....Granny was right, they were no good when I got home.  Get my drift??
<review# 1071,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2013,4/4/2014,105,71,11,16,12>I don't know why I'm surprised as I am, but this place is delicious! We ordered the Burrata Caprese Salad, the Duck Breast and the Ginger Crusted Striped Bass. All three of these items was absolutely amazing.To start, the Burrata was unbelievable. It's one of the best burratas I've had in Manhattan and I wasn't expecting it at all since this is not an Italian restaurant. The outside was not overly tough and the inside was perfect - the right balance between runny and firm. The glaze it sat on top of was pleasantly sweet and the basil was thin and delicate. Combining each of these with the cherry tomatoes surrounding the mozzarella and it tasted heavenly! I would strongly recommend ordering this course.The Duck Breast was cooked perfectly! The slices were moist throughout, pink in the middle and the skin was crispy and tasty. It came with a nice arugala salad, two pieces of brie and some blackberries. When I first read the entree's description on the menu, I was a little confused about the blackberries, but they definitely worked! There was something about the savory flavor of the duck breast pieces and the sweetness of the blackberries, that when combined, made the dish even better.Finally, the Striped Bass. The fish was perfectly moist all the way throughout (and it was a very thick piece). There were no bones to worry about, and the ginger crust was really crunchy, yet not burned or crispy. It sat on a bed of sweet corn and mushrooms that was absolutely amazing! I'm usually not impressed by corn, but this was really good. The sweet flavor of the corn with the bitterness of the mushrooms went perfectly with the soft, tender striped bass. I want to recommend this dish too, but unless I'm really lucky, everything on the menu at this place is probably amazing.One unfortunate thing - they no longer offer the Bone Marrow. In place of the Bone Marrow they are now offering a Mussels appetizer instead. Everything else we tried was delicious, but if you're heading here looking for bone marrow, you'll end up being disappointed.
<review# 1072,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2013,4/3/2014,335,498,3,14,4>FINALLY got a chance to visit the 2 Yayoi Kusama infinity rooms recently and it was well worth the wait! It's more ideal to come on a weekday if you can, but if you can only make it on a weekend be sure to get here plenty early. I recommend getting here as early as 8:30am and toughing it out. If you arrive at this time, it'll probably be about a 1 hour wait only (for the The Souls of Millions of Light Years Away room) when the doors open at 10am. Luckily the "Love is Calling" room had no wait at all so we went to the Lights room (door closer to 11th Avenue) first and then immediately went into the Love room (door closer to 10th Avenue). I heard the wait for people at the back of the line was up to 5 hours, so dress very warmly and wear ALOT of layers on your feet, body and head.Although the wait can be long for the Light room, it can be fun if you bump into the right people on the line like my friend and I. We chatted it up with a few linemates the entire time and it was an absolute blast waiting with them. It's amazing the people you can meet randomly! We chatted about everything from who we were, our careers, schools to topics like movies, funny current events and personal experiences of waiting.As for the Light room, there is another 15 minute wait inside the gallery once you get in. In that time, you are given "booties" to wear on your feet to keep the infinity room clean. You also get a preview of the Light room as the door opens everytime to let the next person in. Once you get in, you are timed and given 60 seconds to do whatever you like in the room, including snap photos. I recommend snapping as many photos as possible at the start and then looking around after. As you walk in, you notice the pond of water surrounding your standing platform. The lights flicker throughout the 60 seconds and the room goes dark at one point as well. It's quite an interesting experience.After you're done, head straight to the Love room. Same scenario - Booties on and 60 seconds, however many people can go into the room at once. Once inside, you'll immediately notice all the colors and mirrors. Once again, snap as many photos as possible and then take a look around to appreciate it. After you leave, you get to go to a room where a "CREEPY" video of Yayoi Kusama is shown. It's a bit weird, but I guess the entire exhibit is. Overall, well worth the unique experience as it's being shown only a limited amount of time, so go quick before it ends!
<review# 1073,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2014,4/2/2014,919,564,6,9,7>RESTAURANT WEEK REVIEW! ...and look at that, review #500 for me too :)Nothing says "cool date night" like heading over to the Plaza Hotel in search of Macauley Culkin and the rest of the Home Alone 2 cast!  Kidding aside, we went downstairs, snaked through the Plaza Food Hall (yeah, somewhat confusing, but check our their Yelp page to clarify: yelp.com/biz/the-plaza-f…) and eventually landed in the TODD ENGLISH Food Hall.  The layout here is really interesting - Designed by Jeffrey Beers (who also designed the Plaza Food Hall), Todd English's Food Hall features open kitchens - eight in total - scattered around the restaurant, each surrounded by white marble dining bars.  A wine bar, flatbread station, raw bar, pasta station, grill and more....It's like someone took your college cafeteria and dipped the whole thing in steroids.Assuming there are seats available, you can sit around any of the kitchens/stations, or opt for one of a few centrally-located high-top communal tables; no matter where you sit, the full menu is available.  Servers, chefs, and managers are all armed with radios and earpieces and all were moving in sweet symphony running to the various kitchens, bringing plates to tables, busing old dishes, and providing new plates and silverware (we got four new sets in total).We started off our restaurant week orders with the lobster hush puppies (four per order) and the shortrib tacos (two per order), splitting everything.  The hush puppies had a nice lobster kick and the tartar sauce smeared on the plate beneath gave it some much appreciated "juice."  The shortrib tacos were generously stuffed, to the point that some of the filling spilled out, but that's nothing a quick fork can't fix!  The accompanying clumpy and flavorful cotija cheese is miles ahead of that grated crap that other Mexican restaurants use for decoration (and nothing else really).The first of our two entrees to come out was the slider sampler (chicken parm, beef, and prime rib), and we thoroughly enjoyed all three, as well as the generous portion of parmesan fries that accompanied.  Following was the ricotta gnocchi - although it appeared small, the plate was packed to the brim with juicy braised lamb, dried tomatoes, and BACON FOAM!  (what?!)  The gnocchi was cooked perfectly and this whole plate was definitely the best thing we ate during our visit!Rounding out our restaurant week selections, we opted for one of each of the two available desserts - the flourless chocolate cake, and the flan.  Both plates arrived well-decorated and well-thought out, and we finished every last bite! (check out the pictures I took below!)I should also mention that we augmented our restaurant week selections with the Sea Dragon (specialty sushi roll w/ BBQ eel and shrimp tempura - 8pcs), and a round of specialty cocktails.  Ordering a-la-carte, you realize your sushi costs $22 and those drinks another $32 total, but hey, what the hell?  Having said that, the drinks were awesome, but they could have added another two pieces to that pricey sushi roll we ordered...All in all, they do many things really really well.  I'll definitely be back to snack on some regular menu items, in particular their burgers and flatbreads.  Enjoy!
<review# 1074,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2013,4/1/2014,979,1051,13,23,10>Paris Baguette finally decided to take the initiative and opened up a 3-floored flagship style store in Times Square right across from Parson's School of Design. A 3 floored coffee/bakery shop is rare for NYC but a common sight in Seoul, South Korea so don't freak out you 'I'VE NEVER TRAVELED OUTSIDE THE USA' types!! lolFor those that do not know, this is NOT a French chain nor is this Parisian. It's a Korean Bakery Franchise headquarted in Seongnam, a suburb right outside of Seoul (to make it easier for non-Koreans, Seoul is to NYC to Seongnam is to Long Island in New York terms). Paris Baguette specializes in Asian (mostly Korean) inspired European and French style baked items ranging from cakes, croquettes, baked goods, pastries, etc. They also sell drinks like coffee, smoothies, teas, etc. A lot of patrons were non-Korean surprisingly and they seem to enjoy the place. It's not yet crowded but I'm assuming it will soon enough.1st Floor: Bakery-Here you'll find shelves containing a wide variety of pastries, cakes, breads, coffee, espresso, and specialty drinks. There is a table and limited seating near the window/entrance. **Restrooms located near the register**2nd Floor: Gourmet Deli-This floor sells food items like sandwiches, soups, and salads as well as coffee, espresso, and specialty drinks. Here you'll find some tables and seating areas as well.3rd Floor: City-watching -Entire floor dedicated to tables and seating areas with a large window with a view towards 7th Avenue. A good place to unwind, meet up and chat with friends, or simply to relax as you people watch from above.WAYYYY much better and not to mention LARGER than the PB in Koreatown. Downside might be it isn't wheelchair accessible and if you're not good with stairs or have shitty legs or too FAT (you know those obese redneck and ghetto sista types who ride those scooters in Walmart because they are TOO FUCKING LAZY to walk), this ain't the place for you!!!Downside? I didn't see electrical outlets and unsure if they have WiFi or not. But this place is definitely one of the few if not the only place near Times Square not crowded and quiet enough where you can sit around for a while and relax.
<review# 1075,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2014,3/31/2014,80,100,8,12,10>Staff acknowledged me the minute I walked in and immediately offered their assistance. I asked for a specific vintage and unfortunately they didn't have it in stock. Regardless they offered several viable alternatives based on budget and their recommendations are definitely stellar contrary to some other establishments who had no knowledge of their products.I'll definitely be coming back to get more wine from them. On a side note they also do delivery in the local area.TLDR Good place to get wine if you're not too picky but  if you're looking for specific rare vintages go somewhere else.
<review# 1076,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2014,3/30/2014,359,355,7,28,14>Summary: Not your normal sandwich. Untamed Sandwiches is to Sandwiches what Ippudo is to Ramen.  Globally conscious practices.  Consider it for dinner or lunch.  New spot with real potential to be a hit!If you're forced to be in Times Square or Near the Empire State Building helping your friends do the tourist thing, I would absolutely consider this place to show them how New York does sandwiches. A large group of friends and I ended up here hungry after a day rock-climbing, so we tried everything that still remained for the opening.  A great, healthy place that has some of the best-tasting, heart-healthy choices I've seen.Atmosphere:  This  sandwich shop is SO New York.  Unlike the many questionably sanitary delis across Manhattan, this establishment's distressed wood, with stainless steel walls and minimalist light fixtures speak higher end.  I really love the large full wall chalk board menu.  Simple but practical.  For my tree-hugging friends, you will be delighted by the compost, recycle, and trash break-out.  I also very much appreciated "local water" is free in pitchers.  Such an up-scale name for tap water.  The Service:  It's counter service, staffed by friendly folks who are happy to suggest. The menu is quite small, so they all know it well.  Sandwich creation is pretty efficient.  The Food: Good ingredients are always at the core of good food. In this case, this place is a thumbs up.  All sandwiches are made with toasted ciabatta bread. Sandwiches are between $9-13.  That seems expensive, but these are pretty special.   Rosemary Limeade:  Yums. Highly recommended.  Hibiscus Lemonade: A tasty refreshing treat, even in chilly weather.  Will be lovely once NY temps warm up.Chili - Fresh, well-made, hits the spot, but I am a chili snob.  This one gets 3 stars, a solid rating, but not spectacular.  The Butt - This is  a pulled pork sandwich with a dijon mustard (felt more like wasabi mustard) and broccoli rabe. I give it 4 stars because my friends loved it.  I thought the rabe was slightly bitter for my tastes.  I would have the chef look into ways to mask this bitterness a bit more.  Sheemakers Bounty - For my vegetarian friends out there, this is a must try. The texture of the ciabatta bread with the cooked broccoli and almond butter is wonderful.  The pickled raisin jelly is impressive to balance out the flavors. 5 stars.General Zapata - Think far healthier version of  chicken parm sandwich and you will love this.  The cilantro and radishes give it unique texture and flavor.  5 stars. Hot and spicy broccoli rabe.  A bit bitter for me, but one of my friends loved it so much he got a side to go with his sandwich. Grain salad -  They have to come up with another name for this, as it's actually looks visually like a rice pilaf salad.  The rice looking stuff is actually not rice, but I think barley, and is extremely high in fiber.  It includes mint, little jalapenos (not spicy somehow), little oranges and more.  Definitely try this unique mix of flavors 5 stars.Sweet and sour cabbage - It's a mild, less tart version of sauerkraut, but so much better.  Delicious.  Good Batch Cookie - This is the texture of a short bread, with that slightly greater salt content.  I found it quite delicious. 4 stars.Stroopwaffel -This must mean "pure deliciousness" in some foreign language.  It looks like two waffle looking but flat hand size cookies glued together with sweet honey-like goodness.  It's sweet, but not too sweet.  Yum.  5 stars.The establishment also has beer and wine, in case you want to imbibe a bit before heading further for the evening.
<review# 1077,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2013,3/29/2014,399,1361,9,13,11>Holy cannoli! 2 and 3 star reviews, are you friggin serious?This guy is one of the great chefs on the planet, he makes an affordable Italian restaurant that serves pizza and yelpers are knocking it? For shame you silly persons.So I have this place bookmarked for a while. NYC is the pizza capital of the world and when a famous chef throws his hat (apron) in the ring I'm expecting great things.*Yelpers - The guy owns Marea. Why wouldn't you want to try his lasagna??  SMDH..I come here for lunch but I have someone with me who I never dined with before. I'm sitting next to a gentleman who I see orders this OUTRAGEOUS looking pizza. Meats, cheeses and the guy is by himself. I wanted to lean over and say Damn son, pass me a slice!This person who I was with, I'm not sure of her pizza funkiness. She says order anything and is fine with my choice, I want to order the CALABRESE with thick-cut pepperoni and homemade fennel sausage and her saying I don't like the spices isn't cool. I want to be respectful and I order the classic with fresh whole milk mozzarella, (I'm coming back here with my kids to get me some homemade fennel sausage)Our waiter? All over us, he brings out two oils. One is a chili infused olive oil and the other is regular olive oil along with my beer that I forgot the name, It was an IPA called sweet ass beer? I don't remember and the website doesn't show drinks.The pizza comes out and its bangin'! The crust is nice, its different. It's not like a Forcella pizza, soft and charred. Its not like a big 8 slice Pizza and its definitely not like Groupo pizza with its thin cracker crust.NO! Its like a Michael White, Chef owner of Osteria Morini pizza. (Kinda like Two Boots pizza but smaller)  a corn meal, thin crusted pizza topped with some great cheese and sauce. It's not a NYC pizza but a Midwestern, Michael White pizza. Can I get an Amen?I'm getting ready to pay and I see Michael White! I walk over to him, say hello chef and told him I wrote the ROTD for Marea, He then rips up the check and says thank you. (Yeah right)This guy is like an Andre the Giant size dude. Massive! I shook his hand and it was like shaking hands with a buncha bananas. If I put a cap on him, he'd be a great Little John in Robin Hood. All these chefs, Alex Guarnaschelli looks like a girl from my neighborhood in Brooklyn. Iron chef?? Nice..I go back to the table and I see two wrapped Baci Perugina chocolates. I did a double take, this is like a gold chocolate nugget of love!? I have an idea, all the yelpers that gave two stars, gimme your expensive Italian chocolate??Great looking restaurant with outstanding food. I'll be back with my family, I know my wife is going to flip over the lasagna
<review# 1078,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2014,3/28/2014,706,474,9,17,12>Great place to get authentic Chinese preserved meats and sausages made from beef, pork, duck and chicken.I wish they provide samples, but you have to buy packages or lbs of their products to try.Most of their preserved meats and sausages are made in house.  The staff speaks limited English, so just point and order if you don't speak Chinese.  Most of their products are labeled with English, but if you have dietary restrictions or allergies, you might want to be careful.If you're making fried rice, Chinese casseroles or cooking something with meats, this place is the spot to pick up some fresh dry, preserved meats for your dish.
<review# 1079,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2014,3/26/2014,156,475,9,26,16>They say Happiness is when your Reality exceeds your Expectations.Last Sunday night, the three hour dinner-theater reality of "Queen of the Night" vastly exceeded my expectations. For $125/person you got:-choice of a specialty cocktail (I got the one with burnt rosemary - very good)-entire lobster (served in bird cages)-whole suckling pig (our butler insisted we try the cheek)-pepperoni bread (collecting all the fat below)-Beef ribs (brought over by a bartering table)-potatoes-kale salad-grapes and bread-carafes of red and white wine. (You get one free refill of each for the table, then they're $50 each)  -dessert spoon fed to you by the sexy butlers (you can choose guy or girl)ohhh, AND a spectacular, jaw-dropping show!**Tips**-Get there EARLY.  It doesn't matter what time your ticket says, there is only one line, and only one show.  Getting there early just means you get the enjoy the bar/scenery/wonder of it all for that much longer.-Pick a seat/table where you can see well/won't be turning around the entire time.-Read up on Magic Flute beforehand to get a gist of who's who and the storyline. (or don't and make up your own storyline, and then laugh at how far off you are, like I did.) -Bring cash, because it becomes a cash bar at the end of the show ($13 drinks)
<review# 1080,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2014,3/24/2014,1869,427,11,11,8>My goodness this is crazy. I need a new diet plan, because this company, called 'Insomnia Cookies', always make me cheat on my diet. What the bloody hell!  Okay, this spot is located in 53rd between 2nd and 3rd ave.  Look, if your partner wants to give you something sweet, ask for these cookies or brownies. You heard the phrase, melt in your mouth but not on your hands. True statement, because you taste the cocoa with every bite. Erica, my favorite worker, have educate me how the company works. In addition, she gave me top notch recommendations and I must give her props on this post. Look if Erica is available, she will get you addicted to every thing, including whole milk stored in the fridge. The cookie and brownies are 3 dollars.  Is not a rip off, trust me. Follow my steps, go wear some wind breaker pants, this is very important.  Why? One bite, instant orgasm.  Why have a rabbit now, eh. Enjoy,Recommendation:Get the brownies if available. If you rather cookies, get s'mores!
<review# 1081,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2010,7/23/2010,98,60,25,10,10>As we left for Degustation my doorman said my new shirt made me look like a matador. Appropriate for a tapas place, perhaps, but his Christmas tip just got halved.We arrived at the restaurant in time to listen to some bespectacled, quasi-intellectual fartpants complain to the host. In a grave tone one would normally reserve for Holocaust references or cancer diagnoses, he declared that he didn't like the seats one bit. Not the location, mind you, because all the seats are around the open kitchen. He didn't like the actual, physical seats. The seats were "unfit for humans" he said and he presumed that the host didn't realize how awful the seats were because the host was too busy to sit in them. He was very upset about the seats. The host listened, nodded, feigned empathy and ultimately apologized before the miserable bastard headed out the door with his unfortunate ladyfriend -  presumably to complain about the humidity, pigeons, genetically-modified wheat and something he read in the New Yorker.We were seated earlier than our 8:30 reservation. The seats were absolutely fine.We opted for the 10-plate tasting menu. I decided to be brave even though the line-up included goat meatballs and rabbit paté. I've had rabbit paté before, by accident. I've never eaten goat. Coincidentally, the previous day I was upstate petting goats so the idea of eating a goat was somewhat unappealing to me. However, in an effort to be a big boy and impress wife and waitress, I consented to goat meatballs.We accompanied everything with a bottle of the cheaper of the two white Riojas on the menu. Great wine. Don't remember the name. Most everything was delicious. Small and delicious. Highlights include a duck egg mousse with maple croutons. Lamb bacon. Skate wing. The rabbit paté, once I stopped thinking about bunnies. Some spicy ham thing. Crispy duck strips. Wagyu cheesesteak. And yes, the goat meatball. The only thing I was unable to adore was the monkfish liver, which I rendered unappealing by accidentally mashing it all over the place in my half-assed attempt to eat it.By the time dessert arrived we were on the good side of full. I got the check, wept a little, and remembered my umbrella.
<review# 1082,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2010,7/22/2010,584,571,11,19,15>What an adorable little old fashioned ice cream parlor.  The service was beyond friendly, with free tastings offered; the menu small but rich in possibility; and seating tight but available. If someone had simply handed me a scoop of ice cream from here, I would never have guessed that it was dairy free.  The mint chocolate cookie was out of this world, made with real peppermint, instead of a vaguely minty synthetic flavored neon green substance, and cashew milk, which lent it all of the creaminess and structure of its dairy counterpart.  Doused in gooey hot fudge sauce and served in a little glass dish, this was truly a perfect dessert.  In fact, I like this ice cream shop better than Blue Marble, Cones, the Chinatown Ice Cream Factory, and the Brooklyn Ice Cream Factory.
<review# 1083,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2010,7/21/2010,244,373,33,31,25>If you're planning on having dinner at Becco, here are the 7 easy steps to success:Step 1: Call and make a reservation in advanceStep 2: Have a large carb-free breakfast the day of the reservationStep 3: Grab a small snack for lunch, carb free.Step 4: Pine over how much you want carbsStep 5: Go to Becco, announce your name, be seatedStep 6: Order the Sinfonia di PastaStep 7: Gorge unabashedly
<review# 1084,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2010,7/20/2010,334,317,8,11,13>It's crazy when you're actually more starstruck over shaking Keith McNally's hand than you are 10 inches away from Jude Law's face in the communal McNally-esque washtub (I sooo didn't follow him down there-- I swear!)It's crazy when you tongue your gums, for the last piece of salted pistachio from the dessert.It's crazy amazing having lunch at Pulino's.. A lunch that I will remember for the rest of my life.We sat at the bar, appropriately next to the liquor license (suitably framed and gleaming).. and ordered some cocktails as we perused the menu. The Afternoon In Naples---- one of many Campari based cocktails---- is amazing. It's refreshing, not too sweet and delicately handled. We ordered two appetizers and a pizza:- Bufala mozz app with roasted beets: ROCKED my world. It was phenomenal. The creamy mozzarella mixed with the fresh beet salad with all sorts of silly small greens. - Spreadable Salami with toasted bread: Not necessarily "my thing"--- but simply meaty amazement, spreadable on super crisp (and warm) toasty bread. It's like a meat lovers version of a tuna fish salad- but done with this homey, savory, meeeeeaty delight. - Salami Piccante Pizza: First off, I was enchanted by the idea of the Neapolitan pizza wonder chef, Appleman, from San Fran's A16 coming to Pulino's, from the start. And I usually hate a thin crust pizza... But this pizza was beyond comprehension. The delicious crisp crust almost bit me back. It was charred, but tender on the inside-- senses thrilled with this CRISPY crunch with each bite. The cheese was bubbled with sauce and (um, diet) oils.. there were chunks of delicious spicy salami and chilies... and there were these bright, plump, salty olives that were indescribable additives to this circular, yet square sliced, bliss. We were so impressed we even went on to dessert:Crema gelato sundae, with salted pistachio and these tempestuous cherries. We enjoyed with glasses of Moscato D'asti.Left, shaking Keith McNally's hand--- walking off, mesmerized by the meal.
<review# 1085,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2010,7/19/2010,381,1142,9,17,12>I've been going to Riodizios once per year with my family for as long as I can remember.  This is by far the best riodizio I have ever been to.  Never have I felt that spending this kind of money is more worth it.  The only caveat is, you MUST bring your appetite!  I want to rate each thing I tried there in a list fashion because that's pretty much the best way to rate riodizios since you try everything.  The first thing to note about this place is that it's really not hard to get a reservation.  I called the night before, and we were able to secure a table for 6 people, and when we arrived, we were seated instantly.  The atmosphere was classy yet not too ostentatious.  There are also giant windows overlooking the street so it doesn't feel stuffy at all.  The atmosphere is so important in this review because often these costly Churrascarias can be in an overly elegant and uncomfortable place, but Riodizio Tribeca avoided that and in my opinion has created a perfect balance between elegance and comfort without it getting too crazy or crowded.  The drinks:  Assuming you are over 21, you must try the caipirinha drink.  I've been having these in Miami and in Latin American countries for a long time and this one is done right.  I'm not sure of all the ingredients, but I know they use cashasa pitu rum, and the drink is phenomenal.  I had planned on only getting 1, but 5 ended up being a more beneficial number to me.The salad bar:   At churrascarias, the salad bar is somewhat incidental to the actual MEAT that you're about to enjoy.  It is crucial that the place has a good salad bar, however, because you want some light tastes entering your stomach before you get on to the meats.  It kind of lightly introduces your stomach to the concept of digestion so that it's ready for the challenge ahead. They had a good selection of light salads, sushis, side dishes, and fruits.  The tomatoes were fresh, which is good, because studies show that if you eat tomatoes before, during, and after you eat steak, it helps your stomach digest the steak since tomatoes have a high amount of digestive enzymes.  The side dishes:  The side dishes are a double-edged sword because some of the side dishes can taste truly incredible, yet the entire idea behind the side dishes is to load your body up with carbs so that it's difficult to eat a large amount of steak.  That's why I recommend only tasting the side dishes sparingly when needed, but saving the bulk of your appetite for the meat.  The mashed potatoes were out of this word and so were the cheese breads and the french fries.  But, you can get all these things at other restaurants for cheap, so concentrate on the meat. The meat: (I recommend you ALWAYS ask them for a rare piece of steak if you can, you will always get the tastiest and juiciest cut that way).Picahna steak:  A+  Picahna is the quintessential must-have meat at Riodizios.  It's one of the best they have.  It's salty, juicy, and flavorful.  This one is done well. They may call it "sirloin" to you FYI.  Prime Rib: A+ I haven't usually encountered such good prime rib at Riodizios.  This was really a surprise.  I think it was even juicer and tastier than the picahna.  You MUST try this.  Garlic Steak: A+What an incredible and unreproducible treat.  The way they were able to infuse such a strong and unrepentant garlic taste without sacrificing the flavors of the meat itself is a feat among feats.  Skirt steak: B+A very good steak that is well-salted and flavorful, but falls short of the others.  I only recommend trying one piece of this and focusing on the above 3.  Filet mignon wrapped in bacon: B-Don't use up your valuable appetite on this.  The bacon is a compensatory way to make up for the fact that filet mignons tend to have less fat and therefore less flavor.  Chicken: A-Extremely flavorful, this is the chicken that alters the paradigm for chickens everywhere. So juicy and perfect.   Although it's fantastic, I wouldn't recommend getting too many because your appetite will float away quickly.   Sausage: A-Just like the chicken, it's something you should definitely try, but not in copious amounts.  The sausages are thick and juicy and are pretty much as good or better as most riodizios.  Pork ribs: A-Another dish to try sparingly, but it's very good.Beef ribs: A+I was completely blown away by these beef ribs.  I typically don't like beef ribs at riodizios because they're lacking in flavor, but these could be the best part of the meal along with the picahna and the prime ribLamb: A+ Another complete surprise coming out of left field.  I love lamb, but usually in Middle Eastern settings.  This is the first riodizio i've been to that makes the lamb taste just as good as the steaks you are trying.Dessert:  GET THE BRAZILIAN QUINJI COCONUT CUSTARD!!! It's an absolutely breathtaking way to close this meal out.  It's soft. It's sweet.  It's a taste that everyone can relate to.
<review# 1086,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2009,7/18/2010,345,332,17,15,17>A tree may grow in Brooklyn, but there's a garden that overlooks the Hudson River and the Palisades in the Bronx. There are chairs scattered about the grounds, perfect for quiet reading and reflecting. The Woodland trail is a great place to walk with someone and maybe even smack them up a bit if they've been getting on your nerves. It's quiet and w/ the trees, it'll muffle out the crying. My favorite part was the Aquatic Garden, sitting on a bench and watching the fish swim by. What a lovely garden, it's a beautiful place for a wedding!
<review# 1087,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2010,7/16/2010,366,339,30,24,23>Hmmm, I've seen this business model before. Cute korean waitresses serving korean fried chicken to a variety of beautiful patrons. And,  it works every single time!But, there's a major difference here. These are stuffed korean fried chicken wings. That's right! They actually take the time to debone (as a guy, I really don't like this word) the wings, and stuff them with one of three different fillings (Gyoza, Kim chi, or Succulent Shrimp). And, they're all winners. However, I find that whoever happens upon a shrimp stuffed wing always likes to brag about it.A thing or two about my childhood...My father worked in the restaurant business, and he brought home fried rice every other day. My mom loved to recycle leftovers by turning them into, you guessed it, fried rice. I still have nightmares about fried rice to this very day!!!Suffice it to say, I wasn't all too impressed with the Kim chi Fried Rice that we ordered.Then, my fellow tablemates ordered this sizzling chicken dish that's topped with this gooey, clingy cheese. It was the closest thing to Authentic Korean hotness since.., since Miss Korea 2009...The first two pieces go down fine. The next piece of chicken starts to break down the nerves in your tongue. And, each additional piece of chicken only compounds the problem until you are left there in your seat, a grown man (or woman), with tears running down your cheeks, fanning your face with your left hand, snorting your now runny nose, reaching for the beer to numb your senses with your right hand..., looking around only to see that everyone else around you are suffering from the same reactions.Funny thing is, I couldn't stop going back for more.
<review# 1088,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2010,7/15/2010,447,368,10,26,18>They must have some of the fastest, most efficient cooking staff at this location.  I mean really, it was like a race to see how many dishes they could put onto our table all at once and figure out how to fit them all onto the surface like it was some sort of edible puzzle.I am getting ahead of myself for a bit.  Let me go back a little.  My family and I decided to have a family gathering here to celebrate Father's Day.  There was 6 of us so we knew we were going to order a decent amount of food.  After a quick look through of the menu we decided on 10 dishes.  Yep.  I said 10. Ok, ok it was actually 12 if you count the fact that we had three orders of the Roti Canai.  We are all bottomless pits.  It runs in the family.  Happy now?Being in a Malaysian restaurant, how could we not start off with the Home Made Roti Canai as an appetizer?  We ordered three of these.  Yum.  I've had better Roti Canai's in a few other places (I prefer them a bit flakier) but it's still a very good version of it.  Good start to the meal.  Rating (4)  yelp.com/biz_photos/M-od… When we finished the Roti Canai's, that's when the staff started piling up our orders one after another.  Bam.  There was our soup. I started to pour the soup into the separate bowls for each of us ( Most of the food is served family style which meant it is made to be shared).  Before I could even take a sip of the soup, bam, the crabs arrived.  Bam, then the chicken.  Bam, bam, bam. This went on and on till we had 8 dishes on the table all at once.  It would have been 9 but they ran out of space. Not that they didn't try to fit it in somehow. They had to wait for us to finish our soup first before they could take away the soup bowl to make room for the last order.  Everything came out together 15 to 20 minutes after we made the order.  Someone must really be cracking that whip in the kitchen.  Since they were able to do this at the height of dinner time (We were there at 7:30 PM) then I highly recommend this place if you are starving and don't want to have a long wait for your food.There are too many dishes for me to go into details for each. Instead I'll just give a rating to them but also give comments on the ones worth talking about.SEAWEED WITH SEAFOOD SOUP:  Slightly on the salty side but good.  Rating (4)  yelp.com/biz_photos/M-od…Half order of  HAINANESE CHICKEN:  I love this dish but I know some of my non-Asian friends don't like the fact that the chicken is soft and steamed instead of the usual baked or fried.  It's  a texture problem for them so be aware of this potential problem if you are ordering this.  Love the spicy, sweet dip.  Rating (4)  yelp.com/biz_photos/M-od…MALAYSIA SWEET & SOUR PORK:   The pork is battered and fried.  Rating (3.5)  yelp.com/biz_photos/M-od…MANGO SHRIMP:  Not much mango taste to it.  Very similar to sweet and sour. In fact, they might as well call it sweet and sour shrimp.  Rating (3.5)  yelp.com/biz_photos/M-od…NYONYA HOUSE SPECIAL CRABS:  Oh my god I love this dish. The crabs is covered in a thick slightly sweet sauce and cooked with spicy grounded dried shrimp.  The saying "finger licking good" is made for this dish.  Rating (5) yelp.com/biz_photos/M-od…SHRIMPS W. LADIES FINGERS MALAYSIAN STYLE:  Found under the category of Vegetables in the menu even though there are lots of shrimps in it.  Strange. Rating (4)  yelp.com/biz_photos/M-od…SPINACH WITH PRESERVED BEAN CURD:  Rating (3.5)  yelp.com/biz_photos/M-od…SIZZLING BEEF WITH BLACK PEPPERS:  Beef could have been more tender.  Rating (3)  yelp.com/biz_photos/M-od…STEAMED FISH WITH GINGER SCALLION SOY SAUCE:  You get to choose from a selection of fishes and the price is seasonal. We chose the striped bass.  This is another good dish that some people might have a problem with because of the unfamiliar silky smooth texture of the fish meat as a result the steaming process used to cook it.  For the people not used to steamed fish, they have options on the menu for fried fish instead which have  a flakier meat. Rating (4)  yelp.com/biz_photos/M-od…
<review# 1089,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2010,7/14/2010,128,107,9,12,10>I had this on my places to visit list for several months now and once I finally experienced my first Jim Lahey & Co bread experience, I'm now a believer of the hype around this bakery and their wonderful bread. It's a bit of a walk from my apartment, but I went to the end of nowhere (11th ave.) and was greeted by a warm, inviting little bakery smelling of fresh out of the oven treats. The smell was intoxicating. It's exactly what I want to smell every morning when I get out of bed. That and bacon. But I can't have it all, can I? Sunshine was streaming inside, through their glass windows and I saw several different newspapers scattered across their wooden booths. I fell in love instantly. After a few minutes of perusing and taking in the all the glory of this place, I immediately ordered the pizza funghi, a bombolino with vanilla custard and a savory brioche with gruyere and pancetta. And I thought the smell was arousing. The taste? Even better. The bombolino bread was soft and still chewy, while a little burst of vanilla custard oozed out. I wish they filled it more with custard, but there was a good balance between the filling and the outside. The pizza funghi was covered with slightly browned mushrooms and baked on a thin crust. It's a relatively small slice and meant to be eaten as a snack (or I think so...). It's not warm as you would expect it to be, but it was still quite satisfying. Oh, and the brioche with gruyere and pancetta was fantastic. The saltiness of the pork and cheese went perfectly with the sweetness of the brioche bread. Love. Love.Next time, if I can make it out way west again, I will be back to try their Banana Bread Pudding that was calling out my name last time, but I could sense the judging eyes of the people behind me. I will eat you soon, Banana Bread Pudding. Till then. Wait for me.
<review# 1090,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2010,7/13/2010,243,374,8,11,7>I don't know about your home town Botanical Garden but I really love this one! I have been here at least once a year and seen different trees and plants at its bloom, in season. It is just beautiful and great for relaxing and wondering around unless go you to one of the festival days where it's packed with other visitors.Entrance tickets aren't expensive and I find it more than reasonable since this is a huge place and they maintain it well. The admission price is half if you have your student ID or free if you are a Pratt student (If you know anyone, you can drag them with you and get in for free too). The only downside is that the food/drinks vendors are pricey, but that's not a surprise.I really like the indoor greenhouses because you get to see these amazing looking plants, and of course the rose garden. Everybody seems to love the Japanese Pond but it doesn't do anything for me maybe because I'm jaded.I recommend you to check out the website to see what is in season or what section might be under construction or maintenance. Also there might be some educational activities going on, which happens frequently.Btw, this can be a nice (and safe, lol) daytime date place. Just make sure you (or the girl) don't come in high heels because you'll be walking around a lot.
<review# 1091,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2007,6/24/2007,786,1284,6,21,19>when i was in europe- my friends took me to Maoz in Barcelona. i was so in love with the place, i was loathing NYC for not having a Maoz! even with a recent trip to London & Paris this past fall, i visited Maoz in both cities. then in December '06- on my way to Barca (now closed!)... the small pizzeria closed down and was under construction. what did i see under the "Coming Soon" sign? Maoz vegetarian!!so, i've been waiting in anticipation since December for the fabulous buffet-style salad bar with their famous falafels to make an appearance in March. i've never tasted a falafel ball so delicious before! it's not greasy and hard (from over frying), the spices and ingredients are complimentary to each other, and it's soft enough to instantly melt in your mouth as you devour the pita sandwich. it comes with veggies inside already- but you get to load up on the salad bar with any sandwich/eggplant/hummus salad you purchase.with no further introduction... this is my first experience in Maoz of NYC:located conveniently on Union Square East (across the park) next to Children's Place, Trevi Deli, Wine & Liquor store, and Zen Palete... it's a small but pretty noticeable place on the block. The neon-green & white patterned wallpaper is the first thing you'll notice as you walk by Maoz.  there's a small table/stool area for chowing down inside- but it gets pretty hot, crammed, and busy in there. you're instantly greeted by a small but fully loaded salad bar.  i was the only person inside the restaurant at the time- the cashier immediately struck up a conversation with me as i'm admitted to him i've been waiting for this to open for months!!!  my mouth is watering as i'm reading the menu- i should know what i am supposed to order! i'm an experienced Maoz customer! not the case... i was too happy and excited that i forgot the whole menu. i ended up with a Junior Meal Deal (in europe it's called the Small Meal and 4.20 pounds) for $6.75. it comes with a soft drink of your choice (or fresh juice for $1.00 more), Belgian chips (french fries) cooked to perfection, and.... the best part of the menu- free salad bar with your falafel pita sandwich. you can put anything and everything on that pita of yours (your choice of wheat or white pita). the regular meal includes grilled eggplant & hummus, but i was more interested in filling up my sandwich with grilled cauliflower, cole slaw (which is amazing!!!!), tossed carrot salad, tahina, yogurt sauce, cucumbers, and hot sauce! the sandwich comes in a nifty paper holder- good for your sandwich to stand up as your piling on the delicious condiments and veggies in there. the server handed me the Belgian Chips (fries)... basically like Pomme Frites (with sauce). I asked for a bag and they gave me a heat-saving pocket. i love that. I walked to work (which is on the same block and literally 30 seconds away) and stole a fry from the bag as i'm entering the elevator. i ran over to the break-room ripped open the bag. let me tell you- the sandwich was so good- i couldn't put the pita down! not even to snag a few Chips in my mouth... or open the bottle of water. the falafel was delightful. not too hard and crunchy, but not soggy and crumbly. i ate with pure satisfaction. the sandwiches, salad boxes, soup, and the Maoz falafel ball are all sold separately if you don't want a whole meal deal. oh yeah, you forgot that it's a vegetarian place, huh? haha. well, the food is so fulfilling and delicious- for you non-vegetarians: it's still a fabulous meal. try it. you'll probably see me in the window chowing down.
<review# 1092,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2007,6/23/2007,394,41,17,13,16>5 stars for the fresh juice bar.  3.5 otherwise.when you enter mangia (and you will after you're looking for fresh juice & you read my review dammit) you needn't worry with the business-clad riff-raff hanging around (to the left and right of you as you hurry by) -- just head straight to the back.i'm so bad with names...can't even remember my own (see - just forgot it) ...anyway, the dude you're looking for is "peter" -- but i think that's his americanized name and i think his name is actually "pedro" which is worlds cooler so you need to let him know while you're ordering his kick ass fresh juice.you will mention to pedro what you want:  carrot...celery...ginger... red pepper... spinach... lindsay lohan eyebrow... whatever.   he got it all back there - just ask.pedro will lay it out for you, piece-by-piece, cutting the crap off the ends & giving you the extreme goodness you crave as you lick your lips in deliciousanticipationyetidigress.pedro will then pour water thru the chute to get rid of the crap that the guy before you picked (who is obviously a maroon & has no idea how to pick a kick-ass juice combo but i don't hold that against him so you shouldn't either.)then pedro will gingerly cram a whole bunch of veggies into the chute & out pours heaven.you will want to smear it all over yourself, pedro and the rest of the staff (a bunch of amazonian-looking obscurely-hot people).   remember to avoid the business riff-raff.   there goes the neighborhood.
<review# 1093,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2007,6/21/2007,93,416,3,11,8>Counter is a place to go for a special meal for moderate prices - i.e., they take care with their ingredients, plating/presentation, and flavors; and the entrees cost about $14-18.  This is partly why some previous yelpers complained of being hungry still - because like other haute cuisine type places, the plates will not be heaping with food, as is typical of more ordinary places. I will admit, my friend's ravioli seemed abysmally small, while the panini is definitely a "normal" portion. On the other hand, if you also get an appetizer, I guarantee you will be stuffed. Except for the direct view of a very bright McDonald's across the street, the interior design is also lovely but simple (with nice bathrooms).I've been here a few times now, and each time was a joy. The wait staff is very friendly and knowledgeable. On one occasion, I called for a reservation, and the host didn't mind that I was not exactly sure just how many people were coming that same night (just had to overestimate than underestimate). No one complained when my party arrived late, either, and our table was ready even though the place was packed (on a Tuesday). Last time around, we had the waiitress select three appetizers for us - we had the hummos, gnocchi and plate of three types of fritters. Each was delicious. The hummos was very fragrant, and the pita bread that accompanied it was thick and warm (which they kept coming since the helping of hummos was so generous). The gnocchi was amazingly delicious - and I ordinarily despise the potato pasta as being too dense and sticky. I had the cauliflower risotto this time around, and it was absolutely delicious. The cauliflower was very flavorful - although I did not expect these deep fried stick like things instead of the usual long grain rice I'm accustomed to for rissotto. The lentil panini is quite good, also.I had lots to drink and it's all good! They serve beautiful organic wines, beers and liquors. The martinis are absolutely delicious -- I highly recommend the "Tie me to the Bedpost", made with herb-infused organic vodkas - it had a sweet base but is not too sweet (not my thing) because of the vodka. I also tried the Not tonight Dear, made with fresh raspberries - also delicious! They also garnish their martinis very beautifully (with cranberries attached to sage, which they light for some fragrance; or fresh whole raspberries on a toothpick.)You can get a flight of three organic wines for $16 - and each glass is pretty full for a flight (unlike some places -- talking about 1/3 to 1/2 a serving each). The burgundy is worth a whole bottle.Come to Counter - support some alternate food styles and enjoy (this, coming from a non-vegetarian, btw).
<review# 1094,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2006,6/20/2007,21,32,22,5,5>If you can get in...don't leave.  Grab a couch, hide when it closes, and sleep there til the next night it opens.  At least then you can say you've been there twice.
<review# 1095,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/22/2007,6/19/2007,4860,175,53,14,22>First, there was the Naked Cowboy.  He wasn't.  (I don't like inaccuracy.)  Now, there's the Naked Cowgirl.  She's not.Granted, public nudity isn't legal in New York & "Almost Naked Cowpeople" doesn't roll off the tongue as easily...  Still...Neither Naked Cowboy or Cowgirl is my thing, but I'll give them credit for working what they have.  America is the Land of Opportunity, no?   (Lest you doubt her patriotism, she wears a sparkly American flag skirt.  ...Did I mention that she's not naked?)  However, I have to question Naked Cowgirl's encroaching on Naked Cowboy's turf -- He was the original.  Couldn't she at least have chosen a different occupation -- Naked Rollergirl or something?I may have given her an extra star had she impressed me with her guitar skills, but the tourists kept stopping her to pose with them.  ("Tips" go in her boots.  Very smart -- People can't run off with her money while she's working.  (Unlike Mr. Statue across the street.))If I don't get a job soon, I am considering "Reverse Cowgirl" where I layer on LOTS of clothing & dance (Because I don't play the guitar).  Wait, summer is coming up & I'll be too hot.  I guess I'll have to find an air conditioned office situation instead.  Oh well.
<review# 1096,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/30/2007,6/18/2007,94,176,24,5,5>I'm unofficially blacklisted from this establishment.I order a turkey cheeseburger deluxe and fried calamari at 3am. Under the influence of alcohol. Minutes later I pass out on the couch, involuntarily, in front of the computer, while Yelping. I wake up, surprisingly hangover-free. It's around noon. I check my voice mail and, much to my chagrin, get the following message from the delivery boy:"Hi Fernando, is Waverly restaurant, please open door."Needless to say, I feel terrible. Especially since I will be able to order their chicken and cheese bacon sandwich no longer. And also because I made the delivery boy bike to my house and denied him a tip.Besides said chicken sandwich, the rest of the menu is comprised of run-of-the-mill diner food - good enough to fill you up after a night o' drinking. Overpriced for a diner, but that's expected. Stick with the sandwiches and the breakfast items and it'll suffice - it's always dicey to order entrees like beef stroganoff at a place like this. Proceed at your own risk.I'll kind of miss preventing hangovers with their swift late-night deliveries. I wonder if they can still recognize me if I eat-in or do take-out.
<review# 1097,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2007,6/17/2007,0,0,11,9,10>To my longtime friends, Ben & Jerry:I gladly pay for your wares. I love ice cream. Your ice cream is a gift that keeps on giving. In fact, due to those many gifts - every delicious bite -  your ice cream is one of the reasons I have to exercise every day.But the day you give back free cones, I'm so impressed I'll gladly stand in a line of 3rd graders that wraps around the corner. In the rain.Thank you, Ben & Jerry. You make my runs worthwhile.
<review# 1098,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2007,6/15/2007,395,209,19,13,13>Guess who go their hair diiiiiiiiiiid at THE dopest salon EVER. They listened to all my directions and cut my hair exactly the way I wished... well I was also barking orders from my chair. (in the utmost pleasant way)Hey, it's not my fault I have difficult hair!!*minus one star for being cash onlywhat is this, a corner deli??????
<review# 1099,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2007,6/13/2007,666,1833,17,7,12>The Met on one side, the Museum of Natural History on the other...lordy I love you Central Park!! I love love love you. Wandering around is awesome, you can forget you're even in NYC! And then you see a homeless guy chasing squirrels, and you remember, it's definitely NYC.
<review# 1100,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2007,6/12/2007,157,490,43,41,43>"Good Evening, Ladies and Gentlemen, Welcome to Jean Georges! If I may guide you all through our extensive menu options - we have the Pre-fixe dinner menu, the seasonal menu, and the Jean Georges menu that has remained unchanged for hundreds of years. Our specials tonight include a smooth, silky...with ....foam, truffles flown in just today that I highly, highly recommend in two distinct....one's an airy....succulent.... feel ... melange of flavors....exploding...the other.... nuanced... aroma. Please let me know if I can be of further assistance. I hope you will have a great time".As the server left our table with that enthusiastic introduction, the six of us sat dumbfounded, staring quietly at the menus in front of us.As I hold back the saliva, and imagine that the rest are also going through the same state of inner turmoil, I blurt out: "Ok, what the hell happened just now? We're the definitive foodies, We've been to Bouley, Boulud etc., why am I feeling like a complete fool right now? Why can't I think straight? I couldn't even listen properly to what he was saying"To which, a friend responds, "You know, for the life of me I can't figure out! I need a pen to mark through the options on the menu, and then select through a process of elimination. Looking at these options and food descriptions, and with his words still ringing in my ears, I just can't think straight."I respond, "Ok, so we must let the left brain take over now. Let's start reading aloud what these options are and what they could be like. As we start hearing our own voices, things may become clearer".That's the magic of Jean Georges! People talk about food that appeals to all five senses, Jean Georges actually delivers that experience. From the intense aromas (I still remember the truffle...ooh I've never remembered a non-dessert food item like I remember their truffle!), to the passionate description of the dish, from the nuances of the arctic char to the textures of the egg caviar, the explosive scent intensity of the various broth items to the smoky froth that lightens the foie gras... There's no blending in, but flourishes, big and small, that all vie to grab your attention.In case you chose not to go with tradition (the centuries old menu) I strongly recommend to go with the server's recommendations. Also, the sommelier is extremely knowledgeable and made an excellent suggestion on a Chateauneuf-du-Pape Reserve 2003 from Rhone.As we got to my favorite part of the meal, I looked at the available options which amounted to dessert-within-a-dessert: one could go with a theme (Chocolate, Citrus, Late Harvest, and Winter) and in that theme one would get 4 different desserts. Obviously, chocolate intrigued me (Molten Chocolate cake with Vanilla bean; Granite, coffee-cardamom meringue; milk chocolate Peanut cake with salted caramel ice cream; white chocolate with mint yuzu and pink peppered sable). BUT, hold on, there's a problem: I don't eat white chocolate... period. So, I request if I may replace that with another chocolate option in the citrus category. Surprisingly, the server says that it cannot be done. However, I am in no mood to take no for an answer. I beckon him and inquire, "Have you heard the Cinderella story?" He responds (somewhat bemused), "Yes, sir". Me: "So, you obviously know about Cinderella, her plain looking step sisters and the ugly, wicked witch". He: "Excuse me, sir... but there's no wicked witch in Cinderella, just a fairy godmother. You are mixing up Cinderella with Snow White". Me: "Precisely:  if dark chocolate is Cinderella, and milk chocolate is the plain step sister, then white chocolate is the witch that has nothing to do with the story. So, you see, my point is: White chocolate isn't chocolate!" He (by now smiling broadly): "that's persuasive enough for me, sir. I'll see what I can do. Though for a moment, I was wondering about the potency of those Rhone Valley grapes".At least, that's how I remember the story..for he did end up substituting the white chocolate dessert. But, I must confess all of the desserts were extremely complex versions and full marks to the pastry chef.At this, a friend marveled at my passion for dessert, despite the extravagant meal. So, I shared my philosophy on desserts in easily understood terms (and seek your indulgence for the same): the process of pleasure is similar to that in sex.  You have to get in the mood by talking about it, anticipation creates the excitement, it is important in its own right (as opposed to compensating for a bad day at work), one must build up appropriately (as opposed to immediate gratification as a "sugar fix"), you need to relax and savor the complete experience. And, the ONLY thing which should make you feel guilty is - if you give of yourself fully on the first date. Unless, of course, it's true love!   ;-))
<review# 1101,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2012,9/15/2012,91,160,8,14,10>I just cannot say enough good things about M&M Pest Control. Tim, Herbie, and everyone else at the company are generous, honest, reliable, and professional. Here's the story.A few weeks ago, my fiancé and I had an overnight guest who woke up with mysterious red spots on her face. We've all been thoroughly traumatized by the constant fear of bed bugs, so we immediately freaked out and called the first bed bug inspection company we looked up. It was not M&M. That was a big mistake.The first company sent over a dog and handler to do an "inspection," and the whole experience was terrible and unprofessional. The handler stomped all over our furniture and bedding in her shoes, seemed hostile and distracted the entire time, and answered every single one of our questions with, "I don't know. You'll have to call the office." She didn't even do a visual inspection; instead, she let her dog do all the work.Simply put: it did not inspire confidence. Enter Tim Wong, the director of M&M Pest Control and my freaking hero. I had actually talked to Tim once before, about eight months earlier, when David found a shiny spider beetle in our shower and we freaked out (of course). But Tim looked at a photo, reassured us that it was not, in fact, a bed bug and we moved on with our lives.Apparently, right after my friend woke up with those red spots, I had left a message on Tim's phone during my initial meltdown and promptly forgot about it. So it came as a surprise when my phone rang and it was Tim on the other end of the line. "What's going on?" he asked, calmly.I told him about everything -- including our terrible experience with the other inspectors -- and he confidently told me that he could help. A few days later, Herbie (another M&M employee) showed up with another bug-sniffing dog, Dexter.The two inspection experiences were night-and-day different. Herbie was professional, well-informed, and respectful of our apartment. While Dexter sniffed around, Herbie took almost ninety minutes to do a painstaking visual inspection of every corner of our apartment. He answered all of my questions in detail, confirmed that we do not (thank God) have a bed bug infestation, and suggested some possible alternate explanations for what happened to my friend's face. Before he left, he gave me a packet of information about how we can protect our apartment in the future.Tim and Herbie are more than just professional -- they are generous. Bed bugs are scary, and there are a lot of companies out there that take advantage of people's fear and panic. I know we got screwed by the first company, so I am so grateful to Tim and Herbie for swooping in to save the day. Thank you, thank you, thank you.Trust me, if you're having a pest problem, make M&M your first (and only) call. I'm very glad we don't have bed bugs after all, but if we did, I know we'd be in good hands with them.
<review# 1102,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2012,9/14/2012,1117,776,4,9,5>Hands down my favorite burger spot ever!!When my boyfriend and I first came here we were lost.  We entered the hotel through the bar, which was very classy and made us feel very underdressed =\.  We sat in the lobby for a while, just looking around and trying to figure out where this place was.  Finally the neon burger sign caught my eye and I followed the light ...We stepped in, and felt properly dressed once again.  The place had such a chill and laid back feel to it.  Ordering can be a bit intimating at first, a guest that we brought here said it reminded him of "the soup nazi", but it gets easy and it makes for the line to move faster.  The menu is very simple and has an average amount of seating.  The employees aren't very nice, but it doesn't really bother me for some reason -- since it isn't anything personal.I would recommend this burger to anyone.  Try it!  Make sure you bring cash as it is CASH ONLY.
<review# 1103,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2012,9/13/2012,552,567,11,14,10>I watched food porn's newest heavy hitter a couple of weeks back - the sumptuous 'Jiro Dreams of Sushi' - and have been salivating voraciously over oft-revisited, brain-branded imagery of high-resolution nigiri, glistening with vinegar sheen ever since. So, I was primed for Azabu (which, stuffed under the Greenwich Grill on a desolate stretch of a Holland Tunnel offshoot, was so geographically obscure that it MIGHT AS WELL have been Tokyo), and its pretty-penny price point. (One unit of o-toro nigiri costs $11, which cost about the same as my cab ride back to Brooklyn.)But. I do not think my recent romantic fantasies of sushi lent Azabu any undue credit. The nigiri was delicious. Mackerel, tuna (I had both said o-toro and akami) and uni were mouth-wateringly perfect; the amberjack was a very pleasant surprise. The sushi rice was excellent. Azabu might not be in the same league as Jiro, but it's absolutely sufficient to hold me over until I can foot a substantially more dramatic food pilgrimage. The details were immaterial, but here they are anyway: the service was a little annoying (leave me and my fish in PEACE, woman!), the aged sushi chef spaketh not a word of English, oscillating Japanese bidet (weirdly situated upstairs, in the Grill).
<review# 1104,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2012,9/11/2012,2947,2195,17,28,23>They'll put Nutella on your ice cream if you ask nicely.A scoop'll cost you, and two scoops is damn near $8. Probably not the best value around[1], but their ice cream is smooth.I've had the pleasure to meet their chocolate chip cookie dough, grasshopper pie[2], and s'mores flavors, and I would recommend the cookie dough, grasshopper pie, and s'mores flavors, in exactly that order. Did I mention they have Nutella[3]?[1] They take plastic.[2] That's mint chocolate ice cream.[3] Consider me converted!
<review# 1105,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2012,9/10/2012,1145,831,10,11,12>Came here last Friday for a UYE organised by awesome Leslie D.This place has a very strange entrance, I first thought there was Graffiti on the wall. We followed some other people into the bar who were also very curious about the entrance. The place has a decor mimicking a Hawaiian shack. They have a long bar in the begining and seating is available in the back. They have a very dim light in the background and all the servers are dressed as if they are straight out of a Hawaiian beach resort.They got a pretty exhaustive menu and they have so many options. I was so confused after having a look at the menu. After seeing fellow yelpers sipping out of a big bowl we decided to order the same drink. That was a scorpion bowl and since it was during the happy hour we got it for happy hour price. Trust me that bowl looked like as if it would have less alcohol and more fruit juices but damm that bowl had so much alcohol. After couple of sips one definitely gets a buzz. So it is totally worth the money. The servers were very attentive even though it was a very busy night and the whole place was packed. Shouts out to all the new Yelpers I met starting with the new CM ruggy j, vicky c, ming.Thanks guys for taking the party to bob's bar, we got to do this again.Kudos to Leslie D for organizing such a nice UYE.
<review# 1106,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2012,9/9/2012,202,210,5,11,6>Have you always wanted the perfect date night? If so, you should plan a night here at Dizzys. This place is perfection.  I love jazz so i thought of going to this place for a nice Saturday night. I made reservations in advance just in case it was busy. I highly recommend planning ahead and making the reservations. Its pretty reasonable, 30 dollars each for the show.The place was incredible. tall floor to ceiling windows looking over Central Park and the skyline of NewYork City. It was so beautiful. The room was fairly dark, the stage was in the middle with the bar on one side. The music was divine and you gotta love people who are so passionate about what theyre doing that you can see it pouring out of them! The jazz was so good and the performers so talented itll leave you in awe. And the audience was great too bc you know that they truly appreciate the music. Everyone was bopping their heads, closing their eyes and just truly enjoying it.  Its really inspiring.We didnt have the dinner there but I took a peek at themenu and it looked pretty good. Decent choices. We had drinks, I had the hot apple cider (alcoholic of course) and it was really good. Overall I had the most amazing date here and will definitely come back. Its so romantic, and so enjoyable. If you want to impress your date, plan a magnificent night here, you'll thank me after!!
<review# 1107,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2012,9/8/2012,577,529,4,10,6>I'd been meaning to try Riverpark, but the reviews always made me feel like it'd be a hassle to get to. But, squeezing in a visit during Restaurant Week was actually quite a nice way to get my first look/taste of this place. Also, it wasn't as difficult to get to as others made it seem. It was actually pretty straightforward for me...As this was a last minute reservation I made with a friend, we were relegated to a very early dining time of 5:30pm! O_o It actually worked out well in our favor - we got a lovely table by the window, which looked out onto the porch and the East River. (Also, beautiful lighting for those of us who document their food... I can't help the Asian in me! =P)I started with the Route 99 cocktail, which was an icy mix of vodka, Canton, cilantro, cucumber, lime and chile. I only wished that there was more lime, if only to round out the flavors and make my cocktail choice super-refreshing.As for the meal, I went with baby octopus, lamb and the chocolate-caramel tart. I also really liked that they offered their entire menu as RW options. Of course, there were some supplements, but hey, it's still a steal!The baby octopus was served with manila clams in a broth with cilantro, lime and chili oil. The octopus was tender and had just the right amount of char, though the broth did make subsequent pieces just a bit soggy. Still, the flavors shined through. The clams were perfect and pristine - not overcooked in the least. And I could've slurped down every last drop of the broth, but we shared our apps.J's grilled calamari salad was also delicious. Served with baby greens from Riverpark's own Farm, grapefruit and a nicoise olive vinaigrette. The vinaigrette added just the perfect amount of saltiness to the calamari.I really enjoyed the grilled lamb t-bone and ribs. I hate overcooked lamb and these guys didn't disappoint. My t-bone was medium rare, as requested, and the ribs were fall off the bone tender. The fingerlings that accompanied my lamb were nicely roasted, but what failed here were the incredibly over-salted wilted greens. Not sure if it was the smoked olive-lemon vinaigrette or maybe an additional (unneeded) salting, but I thought I was going to crumble and dry up right then and there.J's diver scallops with corn, chanterelles, tomatoes, bacon & tarragon screamed summer. The scallops weren't rubbery, the corn was sweet and fresh and the bacon didn't overpower. Yum! J also ordered a side of Farm eggplant, which was grilled with balsamic and oregano. Each tiny eggplant was halved and scored and seriously delicious - I could've ordered my own side, but alas, I didn't.For dessert, J and I both wanted the peaches & cream sundae, but I went against my gut and got the chocolate-caramel tart with roasted peanuts, caramel corn and caramel ice cream. I figured one light dessert and one richer one would be a good contrast. The tart was delicious. I loved that the tart shell wasn't too hard, the chocolate was smooth, the caramel not cloying and the smattering of roasted peanuts to add to the textural contrast. It was a very good dessert, and apparently the favorite of our waitress.J's peaches & cream sundae didn't disappoint. The peaches were wonderfully fragrant and ripe, with just the right amount of sweetness. This almost reminded me a bit of Asian desserts, as the creme fraiche ice cream and the sponge cake were also on the less saccharine side. and, when you already have a rich chocolate dessert, it's nice to balance it with one that is lighter and so seasonal.After a rash of awful service experiences, I was happy to find that our actual waitress was attentive and bubbly, unlike the waiter who originally brought us water and chided me on my inability to locate the cocktail menu. You're the one who gave me a drinks binder that was incomplete. Had there been a cocktail list, I wouldn't be asking, buddy! =PI'd surely return for the view and even the food. I hear brunch is pretty good as well.P.S.We roamed around the Farm after dinner. I'm quite impressed with the variety of vegetables and greens they grow and use on site.P.P.S.I wanted to harvest all their shishito peppers right then and there! One of my favorite things in the world!
<review# 1108,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2012,9/7/2012,425,315,10,13,12>I came to Dobbs Dawg House with a dream and left with one too. Dream upon entering DDH: DDH will offer me the best hotdog everDream upon leaving DDH: Come back to DDH everyday for the rest of my lifeYelper Ben Y. and I came here twice in two days. That's a record for me because I never do that because I feel as though there are so many other places to try. But Dobbs Dawg House makes me never want to try anything ever again ever and I mean that in the best way.Ben was at DDH a few days prior to taking me and experienced the Mac Attack: warm macaroni and cheese topped with bacon bits on a hotdog. After hearing about this, I had to go.I ordered a Mac Attack and a Chili-n-Cheese hotdog. The Mac Attack was PURE PERFECTION, better than I imagined it to be, and tasted unbelievable. To further illustrate how perfect the Mac Attack is, Ben Y. ordered two both times we went.The chili and cheese dog was also perfect with its homemade chili and melted cheddar cheese. The hotdogs themselves are really great and served on a fluffy potato bun, which is always the best way to go. During my second experience at DDH, I highly considered getting the hotdog that features a fried egg and cheese, but I really couldn't get over how amazing the Mac Attack and chili and cheese dogs were and had to order those again. The guy who seems to be the owner and is also the chef is incredible friendly. When you walk in, there is someone who takes your order. It was a different guy for both of my experiences, but both were equally friendly and made us feel really welcome. After I said my order, my hotdogs were sitting on the counter before I could even open my wallet to pay. During both experiences, the chef brought us free things while we were sitting and eating our hotdogs! The first time he gave us homemade blondie-brownies and the second time he served us a "dessert dog." The dessert dog consists of a hotdog, peanut butter, chocolate sauce, peanuts and sliced bananas. While it sounds odd, the dessert dog is actually delicious. We were given free things and treated so well by the staff, which is something you don't see much anymore. The selection of hotdogs to choose from is awesome. The hotdogs are so unique and all sound so good, it's nearly impossible to choose just one or two for your meal. It's not everyday that everything on the menu is something I very badly want to have, but I will say that every hotdog and side dish at DDH is something I would eat. The side dishes are awesome. Macaroni and cheese, chili, coleslaw (really good, awesome purple color), and tater tots, to name just a few, are featured on the menu alongside the large variety of awesome, uniquely delicious hotdogs. Fresh cupcakes and other desserts are available at the counter. DDH has amazing branding for a non-franchise place opened by a guy who really loves what he does. They have an awesome logo featuring a growling dog, which they also feature on decals. When Ben asked how we could acquire the decals, the owner asked us what color we wanted and gave them to us! Dobbs Dawg House seems like the kind of place opened by someone who always wanted to have his own restaurant like this. The people who work there are fun and passionate about what they do, and their friendliness, service and delicious food put big smiles on every face that comes through the door.
<review# 1109,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/29/2012,9/6/2012,385,701,14,17,13>I love love love love love the soup dumplings here.I came back the other day to have more soup dumplings because they taste good and I know that they will have room for me without waiting. Yay. We ordered 2 steamers right away!! **Don't wait to order or it'll feel like forever....do yourself a favor before you even take off your coat,  sit down or open your menu, order the soup dumplings!!...before the waitress goes away!! Godmother of Chinatown means it!! hahahaa. Seriously....ORDER THE SOUP DUMPLINGS RIGHT AWAY. Takes a while to make these beautiful parcels of soup and steam them.**I even love their tiny fried buns that I ask them to make crunchier on the bottom. I think the service here is really really really nice. They smile and laugh at my stupid attempts at Chinese. That's okay. I know I can't really speak it and I usually try to fake it til I make it! Soup dumplings get to me....NUFF SAID! I noticed the waitress looked familiar so I asked her....excuse me, I don't mean to stare but you look really familiar. Did you used to work next door at the other soup dumpling place? She smiled at me and I think she recognized my boyfriend and I because we had a UYE at the other soup dumpling place a few months ago and she was our waitress. How can she forget a group like us??!! ahahha. Our Yelp group was LOUD! She did remember. She was tickled that I recognize her. Another reason to come here is her. She was really nice to us and talked to us and told me that the original chef from next door at the other soup dumpling place left to open a new restaurant, Shanghai Heping. NO WONDER I LIKE IT THE SOUP DUMPLINGS HERE! Well...that is the skinny on Heping. Cool. It's my go to place for soup dumplings now.
<review# 1110,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2012,9/4/2012,196,368,9,8,6>So I rolled into this sleek & sultry Soho locale around 10pm on a Saturday night for dinner. As I was the 2nd one there - Caitlin P. was already posted up at the bar and I naturally joined her.Martinis a plenty - the RSVP bartender had things on lock, and he had a great personality.When we finally sat down - we lucked out and were provided with the solid corner table that gives you full people watching capabilities of the entire dining room. At RSVP this is important due to the beautiful people wandering around and enjoying their dinners. Success.We enjoyed a couple more Martinis at the table while pounding this fantastic shrimp appetizer brough by our way cool Albanian server - he actually ordered all the food as we had met before and his instincts were trustworthy.Filet mignon and the rack of lamb - seriously? These dishes were out of this world and went down the hatch quite quickly.The DJ was spinning mad cool tunes and was taking hilarious requests from me than ranged from Madonna to Prince, well played DJ.RSVP is a real cool spot to spend time at. The bar is hip and served by a superb bartender. Everyone who worked there was on point with everything service related. Toss the great service, the stellar food, the bumping DJ, and gorgeous people, then you begin to have a feeling of what RSVP represents: a great time.
<review# 1111,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2010,3/10/2010,3042,747,24,28,27>You had me at Supplies for Superheroes    My favorite Uniform Shop.Why oh why I have waited all these years to post a review for this place - I don't know. My awesome little friend Max loved his evil blob containment device, and he still hasn't made it to the store yet.Brought a friend who was visiting from Los Angeles here the other Day and he was such a sport he tested out the cape on top of the cape tester machine.  Given that he's a creative and works with tons of kids I figured the experience would be priceless.  End result: it was.  He ate it up.  Can't wait to hear how much he loves the Time Travel Mart - in Los Angeles, and the Pirate Supply Store in San Francisco.       Dave you're an incredible guy!       Love the way your brain works,       and how contagious your ideas are.      ted.com/talks/lang/eng/d…Date Rating: 10 (This is the BEST place to take a person with a beating heart.  Just take a peek into the tutoring room in the back with all of the happy kids and volunteers.  If your date doesn't think you're cool because you know about this place - dump them immediately).Pick up Scale: N/A (Bring your own friends the people here are fun to talk to but not a place for mingling).Strong Suggestion:  Take the train, walk a few blocks, enjoy the restaurants nearby.  GREAT afternoon activity, lots of fun things to see and do nearby.
<review# 1112,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2010,3/9/2010,209,117,24,27,27>A ladder.Barrels of beans.Grumpy Chinese men smoking. What do these all things have in common, besides making you question my sanity? They're all obstacles obscuring the fine, fine dumplings in the back corner of this unremarkable-looking store. It was like navigating a maze to get to this peculiar oasis in the form of two Chinese ladies behind a Lowe's-like kitchen display setup, blinking at the large group of Dumpling Conquistadors who had somehow found them. We ordered a plate of the Fennel and Pork and a plate of the Mutton Dumplings, each around $3 for 10. We didn't realize that "Made to Order" meant that they would step out and actually make the dumplings by  hand, one-by-one, and then boil the fresh batch. Wow. Call me impressed when they set down our steaming plate and waited for our expected murmurs of approval. If I hadn't come here on a dumpling crawl with friends, I would've never discovered it on my own. Sawdust and ladders just don't scream "lunch", after all. But maybe they should, since these are some of the best dumplings I've ever had. And I have my momma's in the fridge! There, I said it, despite my fear of being disowned. See what these dumplings have done to me?
<review# 1113,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2010,3/8/2010,110,170,19,18,17>KaBlamO! I just got hit with a flavor bomb.Spicy seafood miso soup set it off right.The tofu salad is POW! Who knew tofu could taste so good.My accomplice said WHOA! to the octo-balls.Then my face went SPLONK over the tuna tar tar with a wasabi mayo I believe; I was ready to order another immediately after I finished it.The pork betty did a VOO-ROOM all over my tongue. I wanted to savor every bite. SLAM-BANG the party bomb came through with shock and awe. Everything was delicious and very relaxed with attention to detail. All for a great price.Whoosh!
<review# 1114,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2010,3/7/2010,157,490,41,38,33>This review is for all the grammar and punctuation nazis who get no love.I am fascinated by the comma. It has endless possibilities of construction and deconstruction. Much before Eats, Shoots & Leaves my English teacher had already taught me how a comma had saved someone's life:Alexander III wrote the death sentence of a prisoner with the words: "Pardon impossible, to be sent to Siberia." His wife believed the man innocent. She saved his life by transposing the comma. The sentence then read: "Pardon, impossible to be sent to Siberia."Since that day, I have had one motto in punctuation: the comma is my friend. It is always there by your side and doesn't cause the pain a colon or period does. But, use it injudiciously and it can lead to a run-on sentence, and other run-on problems.Extra Virgin Olive Oil.The highest quality and most delicate tasting olive oil. It's better than Fine Virgin, or Pure. My point is not to focus on the chastity spectrum but point out the obvious: there are no commas. Add a comma, and all you have is extra oil - as at L'asso. What superlative pizza, but absolutely marred by the excess oil that not only made the pizza soggy, but downright difficult to eat - aka the 'slip sliding away' syndrome. The tomato sauce is the star of the show: more tart, robust, and spicier than one would expect thereby ably complementing the mozzarella's creaminess. While I like that the crust is thin and has excellent char, I do prefer to eat pizza that displays some spine and must thus fault the crust on this personal preference.The Ace, as the name translates into, would NOT be the service. I had many choice words flash before my mind's eye as the server brought the pizza and appetizers at the same time, but they were instead parts or homophones of the restaurant's name. This was simply sloppy service as I had given explicit instructions to spread them out, having made allowances for error given the predominantly turista customers.Speaking of tourists, I would join the chorus of pizza aficionados that recommend L'asso over Lombardi. Do it for correct English usage, if only for word construction games. Let's see: loss, as, lass, ass...
<review# 1115,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2009,3/6/2010,106,235,20,16,16>Flashback: September 5th, 2009. A young Asian hot thang walks into Mitsuwa in Costa Mesa, California and heads straight to the food court like a girl with tunnel vision. The sun's been shining, the breezes blowing, and the traffic on the 405 south non-existant. She marches up to the Santouka counter and (politely) demands a small shio ramen and ikura don combo. But they are out of all salt ramens for the day. She weeps and collapses and has a hissy fit and pouts when she has to get the miso ramen instead.Fast forward: November 4th, 2009. Same girl, ok it's me, ventures out to the mean streets of Edgewater, NJ for some ramen lovin. I went straight for the Santouka stall. You better have the shio ramen or I WILL throw a tantrum right now. Luckily they did, whewee! My friend and I took our food trays over to the tables with the view of the water and dug in. Oooooooh this is gooooood. The broth was porky and creamy, rich but somehow still light and not at all oily! Noodles? Not overcooked and mushy. Ikura don on the side?! Ahahahaha could be my last meal on earth.The combo (#54 I think?) was $10 something which was a dollar more than the Costa Mesa Mitsuwa but NYC jacks everything up in prices so whatever, expected.I EVEN went back at the end of our grocery shopping to see if I could get a ramen to go but they said they don't do take-out. (I cried again.) My friend says I should seriously just bring my own tupperware next time and pack it to go myself but that miiiiight be pushing it. I'm a fat kid at heart but I still have some self respect, I think. Gogo Santouka raaah-men!
<review# 1116,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2009,3/5/2010,545,1338,15,28,26>Sometimes a piece of art can take your breath away. It can catch you off guard, feel a little over indulgent and beg you to dig deeper. I ate at The Modern and wondered what the chef was thinking. How many times could he trick me by making watermelon look like tomato and vice versa? How big of a piece of foie gras does one person deserve before it feels SINFUL? Does putting Pop Rocks on dessert make it avant garde? My dinner at The Modern was amazing. The unveiling of each course was a presentation in itself and one that merits The Modern with five Yelp stars. The Modern really takes care of you. They are all about taking service seriously. As I sat near the entrance waiting, the hostess checked on me periodically and told me when my friends would be arriving since they had called to say they would be just a tad bit late due to traffic. I had coat service (where they take off/put on your coat) and once my friends and I were seated, we were treated like royalty. The number of people attending to us outnumbered us 2:1, one apologized to my friend when he blocked his way as he walked to the bathroom and the waiters even gave us ample time to photograph our dishes before explaining to us what they were. God forbid they spoke while we were being paparazzi. Dining at The Modern requires patience. A meal here could set you back as long as five hours. Towards the end of our dinner, we were rushing to get out of there to make a show. What a pity. Now that I think back on it, I really appreciate the experience at The Modern. It's one of luxury that warrants time to be set aside. The Chef and Seasonal Tasting Menu was more than we could handle. Between the three of us we had 15 different dishes all of which had decided they wanted to be one of a kind, a show piece and so flavorful that they would leave a lasting impression on us. We created our own wine pairing and even got half glasses to accompany certain dishes. The sommelier was quite friendly, extremely knowledgeable, and very accessible. While a meal at The Modern is high class, it is definitely not snooty.The Modern used the finest ingredients in all of it's dishes. The pictures alone don't do the food justice. To sum it up, this is what we had:- Amuse-bouche of palmiers, fried lima beans, and corn panna cotta w/ crispy lentils and tapioca in tomato water- Heirloom Tomato Terrine with Micro Basil and Spicy Tomato Sorbet- Foie Gras Terrine Flavored with Juniper Marinated Raisins, Pistachio Joconde- Tartare of Hamachi, Yellowfin Tuna and Watermelon with Mirin, Verjus, Daikon Radish and Ginger- Tartare of Yellowfin Tuna and Diver Scallops Seasoned with Yellowstone River Caviar- Chilled Cucumber Soup with Alaskan King Crab- Ravioli of Escargot with Slow Poached Quail Eggs, Escargot Caviar and Mustard Greens- Halibut in a Zucchini Blossom with Cardamom Jus- Roasted Maine Lobster with Sweet Corn, Baby Fennel and Basil- Chorizo-Crusted Codfish with White Coco Bean Purée and Harissa Oil- Sullivan County Foie Gras with Fresh Peas, Banana and Almond Cream- Black Angus Beef Tenderloin with Parsley Root Purée and Lobster Mushroom- Pennsylvania Duck Breast with Black Trumpet Marmalade, "Fleischschneke", and Banyuls Jus- pineapple puree, watermelon, and cream- miniature ice cream cones- Warm Fig Tart with Balsamic Reduction, Pine Nuts and Olive Oil Ice Cream - macarons, truffles, pistacio cupcakes- espresso chocolates- Milk Chocolate and Hazelnut Dacquoise with Raspberry Sorbet- Buttermilk Panna Cotta with Strawberry Soup, Tomato Marmalade and Pistachio Ice CreamIs that not over indulgent for three people? I tried everything and my favorite was the lobster. My least favorite was the foie gras. It was the size of a filet mignon. A little bit goes a long way in this case. I could only eat half. The spacing between courses was perfect except at the end when we told them we were in a rush to leave. That was when they paused twice as long to give us dessert. It was like a punishment for leaving. All was forgotten when they gave us surprise miniature vanilla ice cream cones topped with strawberry syrup. I near cried tears of joy and my smile was so big you could have thrown the cone in my mouth and I would have swallowed it whole.Ah The Modern. French-American cuisine never looked and tasted this good. They even gave us parting gifts of pound cake. Lastly, I won't dwell too much on the ill designed co-ed sterile bathrooms. I was not a fan. It wasn't pretty and the lighting was not flattering. I'll stick with the food and service at The Modern.
<review# 1117,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2009,3/4/2010,794,428,32,23,22>Once upon a time some of my friends fell in love and got married.They then got pregnant and moved to Brooklyn. The story of life.A couple times a month aunt Lisa would come over bringing goodies from Caputo's in order to subject the cute little spawn into food comas so that the mamas and papas could get their drink on with her. Caputo's quality more than justifies its Brooklyn Heights price--- you couldn't find better mozzarella in Italia. The skin is so sweet and each milky bite melts those "how did I end up spending 43 dollars on 4 pounds of groceries?" thoughts away. A very distinctive and fun collection of foodstuffs that will probably make you ooooh and ahhhh.   ...Unfortunately, it turns out that parents are usually more prone to food comas than children. More booze for me. Wait, who am I kidding? I'm taking a nap, too.
<review# 1118,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2010,3/3/2010,447,368,11,21,15>I've had this place bookmarked for over a month now but when I saw that it was "Hot on Yelp" for this week and the fact that every time I go to the homepage in Yelp and the picture of the Chairman Bao is in front of my face, I couldn't stand it any longer and hauled my ass over there today.This is another one of those claustrophobics beware kind of places.  It is very small inside and most of the space that was available to the customers were taken by a huge table in the middle of the place.  The people ordering and waiting for their take out and the people sitting at the table might actually get friendlier by a little unintended bump and grind when the place gets packed.When I got there, there was only one person cooking which backed up all the orders but you can't really get mad at him because you could see that he was working his butt off trying to get everyone's order done by himself.  Give him a raise because that guy was dedicated.  When the second cook finally arrived 15 minutes later (I think he was stuck in the train) and announced that everything would move faster now because there was finally two people cooking, the whole place erupted in cheers and applause.Wanting to try most of the stuff at this place, I ordered the STRAIGHT FRUSH  which is $15.50 for any 3 baos, a cup of peanuts and one drink *could be a bottle of beer*.  I also heard good things about their Sweet Bao Fries so I added that to the order.At first I was told that they ran out of peanuts and my heart sunk.  Then I was told a moment later that they have peanuts again.  Whew.  Crisis averted.  Don't ever scare a hungry Yelper like that again.So how was everything?  Does it deserve to be "Hot on Yelp"?  Yes, yes, yes, and definitely yes..  Everything was flavorful.The Hause Bau was soaked to the atom with taste and is so tender that it falls apart.  The Chairman Bao's pork belly was so soft, smooth, and buttery.  Both of these were served in a freshly steamed bun that is incredibly soft and covered by a wonderful topping of sauces and seasonings.  They were incredibly small though so unless you have a stomach the size of a peanut, one would not be enough for a person unless it's a snack.Speaking of peanuts, when they gave me the peanuts they apologized and said somethings in the line of "Sorry, we ran out of our usually cups so we're putting your peanuts in a Styrofoam bowl instead.  It's bigger so we're giving you more peanuts."  No complaints here.The salt and Vinegar Boiled Peanuts were a satisfying side dish.  The taste of salt and vinegar in these cold served peanuts were very mildly pleasant.  It have been soaked for at least eight hours according to them and i could believe it because it is so soft.  The Bao Fries were a surprise.  They mentioned that it was sweet but I almost felt like I was eating some kind of candied bread dessert but it has a crunchy exterior and slightly soft interior like real fries.  It was so interesting I couldn't stop eating it.  There was an alternative sauce for the fries which they mentioned have a spicy kick.  Some of you might know of my love for spicy stuff so I was very interesting in trying this sauce.  Too bad they ran out of this tonight.  Next time.The juice they have here is a must try even if it does come in a can.  I had the mango flavor and it tasted just like drinking a perfectly ripe mango in liquid form.  I need to find out where they sell them by the box full.When I come back(and I do plan to come back) I am dragging some of my other friends here just to show them that there are such good and interesting food around the area.  Now I just need to figure out how to fit them all in that little space.
<review# 1119,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2010,3/2/2010,334,317,18,37,26>I was really excited the last few days before this Meatball Shop opened. I walked by, peeking in windows. I lit up at the sight of a new mention of this Meatball Shop in blogs and the NY Times. It became an obsession. As my iCal clearly alerted me this morning- the day had arrived: "Grand opening of Meatball Shop" (all day event, with TWO reminder alerts)While I got takeout I have to say: The space, the vibe, the lighting, the precious barstool real estate.. All perfect for a fun night out, in this temple of meatballs. It's actually a very sexy wine bar, undercover. The staff handled this crazy pitchfork-in-hand meatball mob like magic. Everyone was bustling around, working hard- and they truly weren't afraid to laugh. It was opening night, after all. Wine list is extremely reasonable.. I enjoyed my Sauvignon Blanc, as my order was prepared. My boyfriend loved his spicy pork meatball hero- which comes on phenomenal Il Forno bread (Crunchy and toasted- yet soft and chewy inside). Such amazing flavors of the nutty provolone, the warm spicy pork, the delicious bread. The salad, which accompanies the hero, is of arugula- with shaved apple slices and a simple vinaigrette. My chicken meatballs with mushroom sauce were DELICIOUS! So tender- I even tasted a hint of truffle oil in the sauce. We split a platter of beef meatballs- atop amazing risotto .. with a side of golden, buttery polenta (which had a little spice). Sauce spilling out over the entire platter... with fresh basil and succulent chunks of tomato.. garlic love. The sauces here are phenomenal- and I truly urge you to try the Classic T and the Mushroom sauces... Especially with a nice slice of focaccia on the side, as a wonderful sauce delivery vehicle.This giant meatball feast was around $30. Entirely reasonable for the amazing quality and concept.I'm glad my Grandmother doesn't really come on Yelp.com... Because it might break her heart knowing how much I love these meatballs, in absence of hers.
<review# 1120,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2009,3/1/2010,412,222,30,35,34>This is the place I kept going back and tried all the cocktails in the menu and more(?).. And trust me, out of all you-call-and-find-me-or-go-somewhere-else speakeasy-ishes I've been (Little Branch, M&H, PDT, Mayhuel, Raines Law, Flatiron, Apotek and etc etc etc).. even though Pegu Club isn't quite one of speakeasies, it is the one place where I never had a hit-or-miss drinks with constantly developing new drink menus. Fresh Ingredients, beautiful presentations & the most well balanced drinks of all. Maybe that's why I stay at the bar like alcoholics in this place. ;+ errrrrrrrr....... But there are more to this place that makes me always have good time without much shh-shh requirement.Pegu uniquely offers a variety of solutions to swing your mood quite instantly - how? read the below.When you feel your life is too boring, start with 'Pisco Punch' for some bitter-sweet punch. If that is not sweet enough, try 'French Pearl' made with Ansinthe & rock candy syrup. Well, If that's too sweet for you, try "Jamaican firefly to add some bitterness with Dark RumNow, If that's too bitter, try Gin-Gin-Mule to add some fresh mint sourness. And, If all of the above is not adventurous enough and now you feel like killing Bill, try 'Kill Devil' to knock the bad in you with this strong masculine drink......... Then,   if you still feel that the drinks aren't enough, watch Kenta making some cocktails, the You Tube video flaunting mixologist is a hard shaker. Though, he is one shy star with one hell of killer smile.Finally, if you feel that there is not enough love in this world, sit at the bar and order drinks to be served by the bartender with hundreds of "Love Love Love" written all over his neck tie. Why do I keep going back even I tried all the cocktails in the menu? Because I want to steal the "Pegu Cocktail Bible" at the bar shelves. Are you with me?P.S. Those bartenders know how to treat customers.. also you can be a taster for their new and spontaneous drink inventions - so stay at the bar.
<review# 1121,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2008,2/9/2009,308,363,16,19,19>I hesitate to write a review of da Bhang because I know that the inevitable crowdedness of a cafe like this is directly proportional to the number of positive Yelp reviews it receives (think Grounded).   But I'm simply too anal retentive not to include this in my Write Spot list...and I'm sure I'm going to pay for that bit of OCD in the end.Da Bhang is, indeed, an ideal place to get some work done.  It's a great alternative when Grounded is too packed, which is almost always.  During the day, it doesn't get terribly crowded so you can easily score a spot on the cushioned bank seating.  The space is clean, sleek and modern and doesn't feel cramped or cluttered like some other cafes.  I appreciate that they didn't feel compelled to squeeze in as many tables as they could just to utilize the minimal space.  I have been in larger cafes that feel smaller due to this.There isn't a whole lot of natural lighting since it's lower than street level and goes deep rather than wide, but if you sit by the giant window in the front, you'll be fine.  The lighting further in is actually pretty good, and probably helped by the light wall color. The bathroom is well maintained and wheelchair-accessible, although the cafe itself isn't.  They tend to play soothing jazz music that's not too distracting, although the whiff of waffles cooking is.  I'd take that tempting scent any day over coffee brewing since I don't drink the stuff (as a bonus, you won't smell like coffee for the rest of the day).  The turkey and brie sandwich I ordered seemed pricey at $7.50, but since they panini press it for you and include a salad, it's not a bad deal.  And if you're a student, you can take advantage of a 10% discount.The vibe changes a bit after 7pm, when the lights get dimmer and it starts to get busier with the dinner crowd.  I wouldn't think to eat dinner here since they have more of a lunch menu (with the exception of bi bim bap), but I guess people like indulging in waffles in the evening.  I was surprised to see how it went from writing spot to hot spot once the sun came down.  But the vibe/crowd change lets me know that I've already spent several hours there and it's time to head home.  Luckily, the staff is very friendly and doesn't seem to mind table squatters like myself.In short, da Bhang is da bomb.  (Sorry, I couldn't resist.)
<review# 1122,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2008,2/8/2009,69,66,25,18,16>I have not had a pressed almond croissant for almost a year and was at the end of my rope, total bottom.  Like getting to a party as everyone leaves but Joe Lieberman in pleated khaki's and you get stuck talking to him - sometimes you're faced with the possibility that maybe you are a loser.  It feels the same as not having sex for a year, except when you tell friends about the sex thing they pity you.  They don't quite understand the pastry thing.  So it's even more baffling to me that every time I go to Marlow and sons, someone in front of me takes the last pressed almond croissant.  EVERY TIME.  There's never 2 or 3 there's always just one left and the greedy sonofabitch in front takes it.Today I ran in with a friend, and as usual there was 1 left, but no one in line!  I pretended I didn't have the weight of a year on my shoulders and casually asked the girl to bag it for me while I perused sea salts and oils.  I went into the corner so no one could see my face and began contorting it in some primal victory ritual that I did not fully understand. I think my ancestors disemboweled others for their delicious pastries.  It seemed inappropriate that I was fully clothed, unarmed and did not have someone else's blood all over my chest.Anyway, I returned to the counter... and the bag was gone!  I looked at the girl."My pastry," I said.She looked at the register dude who was barely present in the same reality.  He had put my prized pressed almond croissant into some mystery guy's bag while I was having ancestral DNA flashbacks. I began to interrogate him about the physical characteristics of this mystery guy and which way he went, but it was all vague jive.I'd say don't go to Marlow and Sons for a few days while they clean up the triple murder scene... but shortly after we discovered that register dude hallucinated the mystery guy, and had unbeknownst to all including himself, put it in my friend's shopping bag.  Real winners get pastries, and are the ones who seem like losers, right up until the. end.
<review# 1123,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2009,2/7/2009,554,533,9,16,14>Some moons ago, I was dating a chef who had some connections here and we would frequent this place.  I feel very fortunate for that because I think that ordinarily this restaurant is quite expensive.The service and the food here is very professional and excellent.  We always started out with some sake (or other libations at the bar).  Afterwards, we would order the Japanese pickles (which are really, really good here).  Finally, we would order some amazing delicacy for dinner, which always left me jonesing to come back again soon.One of my favorite dishes here is something that I unfortunately can't remember the name of.  However, it was a whole fish that was artistically skewered and grilled.  Afterwards, the delicate bones are taken back to the kitchen, fried, and brought back to the table to eat - something like softshell crab, only yummier.A wonderful restaurant - when the economy turns around and/or I find myself gainfully employed I will return here with my debit card and pay full price (since I will be sans chef-connection).  Highly recommended!!
<review# 1124,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/26/2009,2/6/2009,104,136,20,17,17>Dos Caminos and I are like a bad relationship that refuses to let go because of the sex. Why I Should Dump Them: -They put no effort into making my palette happy. (Poorly presented  and uninventive entrees) -It's far from authentic or original....... -Stale black beans...........why? -They whore their goods out for Restaurant Week but they're relatively cheap all year round. Why I Can't Let Go: - Sighhhs the free Mimosa at Brunch -The really cute attentive waiters -Ridiculously Good Margarita's -They're located in all my favorite hangout spots ( So I keep running into them) Of course the orgasmic drinks leave me with lovers remorse in the morning, nursing a hangover, and missing my new beau La Esquina. Sorry Dos Caminos call me high maintenance if you want, but  I'll be satisfying my chorizo cravings somewhere else!
<review# 1125,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/25/2009,2/5/2009,321,455,20,22,21>I was a little incredulous when I first heard about a bar on 1st Avenue and 1st Street. "First and first?" That doesn't exist, I thought.Once again, I was wrong, just like when I thought - when I grow up, I'm gonna drive the Kitt 2000 and look cool with a Member's Only jacket.I was surprised with this corner bar. Upon entering, it is clean and handsome (not an Irish dive). Plasma tv's are available for game viewing pleasure. It was a cold Thursday night, and I had no game of interest so college basketball it was.Although the music was contemporary, I felt I was in a short time warp. Joe Esposito - You're the best (Karate Kid soundtrack)Duran DuranChubb RockI have a minor gripe. For a group of 10 patrons, the waitress tried to squeeze us into the booth in the back. Even with stools, the entire party could not be seated comfortably. A few of us just stood up.Smithwick's on tap is a positive for me. I didn't go downstairs to the lounge, but overall it is a cool bar."One and One" accepts Visa or MC only. No Amex.IFHTP 1
<review# 1126,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2008,2/4/2009,43,88,18,12,13>I'm a Philly boy, so 99 Miles is where I go if I ever feel my arteries clearing up.  One good cheesesteak hoagie, and I regain the characteristic Philadelphian stiff-upper-aorta.
<review# 1127,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2009,2/3/2009,233,358,12,17,15>Are you still debating on whether Zenkichi is worth the visit? Just Come already.Hop on the train, drive or whatever you may please.Don't have too many expectations and you shall be surprised.It's almost like an adventure in here...like travelling to an exclusive bar restaurant in the hidden hoods in Tokyo... and that's how me and my friends ended up here in the first place. It was our first time in Williamsburg, and we were curious as to what were behind those wooden doors with no name. We all left the restaurant dazzled.OO yea..and don't forget to bring some extra cash. Depending on what you are ordering ( cheap sake versus high class sake) The bill could run up. Don't panic when i say pricey im not talking outrageously doing-the-dishes-in-the-back-alley pricey. check out the menu onlinep.s. Tasting menu (around 50Bucks i believe) is a pretty good deal. It doesnt include any alcohol so with the sake the bill could come out to be alot more.
<review# 1128,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2009,2/2/2009,611,712,21,29,26>Fire grilled double smoked slab of bacon.Yes. That really cinched it for us this morning. Walking into the establishment was a bit awkward as we had no idea what we were in for, the place was empty, and they were playing really upbeat dance music. Menu looked good but I will admit that I was pretty disappointed that sides were not included in the Brunch special. What you do get is coffee, orange juice/mimosa/bloody mary, and your choice of meal. The man and I ordered the goat cheese and caramelized onion fritatta, which arrived covered with delicious, spicy arugula and pecorino romano cheese.In addition to our main dish we opted for a side of the ~bacon~ and some roasted potatoes. The potatoes weren't really necessary as they are included in frittatas. I will blame it on the fact that my eyes are frequently bigger than my stomach. The bacon was so-so. It was very thick, which I tend to think is best when used with collard greens, brussel sprouts, pastas or chowders. When eating it on its own it can be a little chewy. Luckily it was crispy in some parts. The fritatta was way too big for me to finish, so I ate half but polished off all of the arugula. If you are someone who feels that brunch items are artery clogging disasters the fritatta is a good choice. If you can balance the arugula and egg mess you're good to go. Eating all of that leafy green goodness allowed me to leave 100% guilt free and satisfied. I am excited to try the pizza here, and perhaps one of their meat/cheese plates. They seem to have a lovely selection of local meats and imported cheese. If anyone here knows of Emily's pork store, that's where they get their sausage.BONUS POINTS: All my favorite 80's dance hits were played during our brunch. I don't know about you, but The Safety Dance wakes me up like a triple espresso.
<review# 1129,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2009,2/1/2009,2,230,24,25,24>If the quality of their tortas & guacamole are *any* indication of the delights ready to be discovered in their other dishes....holy pop-lockin' Jesus Christ on a cardboard box! We have a winner, kids!!!AND the fact that they're a couple of blocks away from the pad toootally helps the cause as well...plus they're clean establishment & decent service.Had passed by this place a couple of times, but being so disillusioned with other Mexican spots, I was a tad leery to go in.I'm glad my homie coerced me to do so.The homie had the beef torta.I had the chicken fried steak torta.We had an order of guacamole & a round of horchata.The horchata is the best I've had so far in this city...we know that's saying MUCHO.The guacamole was official, as was the green salsa they had on the side. Kudos, my Mexican brethren.The tortas were created on the correct kind of roll, they were smothered with pinto beans, had the correct Oaxaca queso at the right amount, slices of avocado, pieces of jalapeño well distributed, the right amount of lettuce. The respective meats were well done.The guacamole was well made with the right amount of avocado, cilantro, onions & jalapeño.I'm going back, suckas! I don't want to get my hopes too high...but I think I'm crushing harrrrd.
<review# 1130,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2009,1/31/2009,203,182,14,16,19>After weekend dim sum, there's nothing I enjoy more than a stroll down Bayard over to Columbus Park, which was built adjacent to the storied Five Points.According to the New York City Dept of Parks and Recreation, photographer Jacob Riis "remarked of the park that it is 'little less than a revolution' to see the slum housing go down, while 'in its place come trees and grass and flowers; for its dark hovels light and sunshine and air.'"Lining the park fence, you'll see cobblers and watch repairers, as mesmerizing as a trip back in time to watch skilled artisans on a medieval street.Inside the park, you'll find a few senior orchestras practicing under parasols, grinding and whining away on zithers and other stringed instruments, usually to the accompaniment of erratic percussion and lilting singing. Unfortunately I can't understand a word.The occasional karaoke-style concerts up in the pavilion are not to be missed either--some of the singers are very good. Others are very bad.Finally, it's fun to observe the tables of Chinese women and men playing tile games, gambling and smoking. They're completely self-absorbed, and completely segregated. Just like Sicily, but it's China, in New York City.
<review# 1131,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2010,10/9/2010,157,490,35,32,40>When it comes to Mexican food, whom would you trust?Yelper A: I am from California. I practically cut my teeth on a Mission Burrito.Yelper B: I am from California. No one beats LA's Taco trucks!Yelper C: I am from California. Also, a Mexican busboy in SD once winked at meYelper D: It's all in the stars. I have Venus in Libra.I would rather listen to Yelper D. The odds of being rightly guided are better because as per astrology people with Venus in Libra are balanced and blessed with good taste.Mexi Californication.... is a disease where the patient prefaces all Mexican food reviews with "I am from California". In that hallucinatory state, it is difficult to fathom that: a) 'Bounded Rationality' explains why you stereotype or think that people all over Mexico eat food prepared in the SAME manner; b) Burritos and Tacos, alone, do not define Mexican food; c) Just because YOU haven't found good Mexican food in NYC, doesn't mean that there is none, a.k.a. argumentum ad ignorantiam (fallacy). I can not confer authenticity to Tulcingo. I CAN, however, review based on whether or not I enjoyed the food: I did - Immensely. I CAN speak for my reviewing discipline: I review after multiple trials, and on a comparative basis - after sampling the competitive offering. I note my limitations (in this case: I don't eat pork), and I let the reader get a sense of my experience and enthusiasm.But, if I were to speak for authenticity, if it weren't for the helpful yelp reviews I would have been Lost in Translation for it was immediately apparent to the server that even my "Hablo y entiendo un poco" was an exaggeration! This differed greatly from my experience at Tacos Matamoros where I had no communication problems given the patronage by H...... persons.  In terms of food, the difference was day and night. While I preferred Tulcingo's Cacina (salted beef) and Carne Asada tacos, given the perfect seasoning, generous use of Cilantro, and judicious use of guacamole - I simply loved the Tacos Arabes ("Arabian Taco") an adaptation of the Shawarma (introduced into Mexico City by immigrants) that consists of spit grilled meat served in a rolled, as opposed to flat, thicker flour tortilla (hybrid of tortilla and pita bread).I also loved the Horchata, which had excellent consistency - neither too grainy nor watery. The Tres Leches cake was also superior to the nearby (drier) options. It was topped with a large strawberry that was flanked on one side with chocolate sprinkles and on the other by colorful ones and inspired somewhat by trifle pudding. But, I am not a fan of the salsa that accompanies the complimentary chips. Nor of the television programming which incongruously kept repeating a feature on overweight people in various activities (working out, dancing, beached like a whale, etc.). {In my mind, that would explain why I wasn't able to finish the (huge) slice of cake}.And, while I don't expect to cure the MC disease, I do want to help: This is New York, and there's a reason why you're here - so for your own sake: get over yourself.
<review# 1132,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2010,10/8/2010,343,317,32,38,43>On a gorgeous sunny day such as today, I like to bust open my piggy bank and hop on the D train out to Sunset Park. True, the area harbors an impressive array of taquerias where one can put their greenbacks to good use but it is also home to one of the better bánh mi shops in nyc. No lie. As with most fine sandwiches, it starts off with excellent bread. A light, crusty baguette is freshly toasted and sets the foundation for the nine inches or so of greatness that follow. Not too flaky, not too soft or dense, but goldilocks right. My usual order is their house special #1 or "Bánh Mì Paté Tht Ngui, a delightful assortment of pork cold cuts. There's a healthy schmear of pate, some buttery mayo and  various layers of pork. Inoffensive pork roll, Vietnamese ham, sliced roast pork, caramelized BBQ sausage and headcheese with cartilage bits. To balance this  abundance of pork, there's a good handful of crunchy daikon and carrot which have been pickled long enough to reveal a sweet tang with the obligatory spear of cucumber. Fresh, generous sprigs cilantro round out the toppings. A dash of black pepper, a few squirts of maggi laced fish sauce, and you're good to go. If you like extra heat, ask for spicy and you'll get a few slivers of jalapeno and some sriracha to amp up this lovely sandwich.Your typical House #1 banh mi? Sure, maybe. Except that the bread is just right, the innards are tasty, aplenty and assembled in perfect fashion so that each bite is akin to a romp in a playground of flavors and textures. And this sandwich only sets you back $3.75** bones, a far cry from some of the other fancy pants concoctions about town. That's value for these thrifty times. You can choose to eat in, at one of the few tables in this plain, sparse snack house. But your best option on a pleasant day is to take your Viet hoagie to go. Walk the few blocks up to Sunset Park, plunk yourself down on a park bench and soak in the nice views of manhattan and its surroundings on the hill. Hey whaddya know? The zen like surroundings match perfectly with the ratios of flavors in your sandwich! As Raiden, the creepy thunder god from Mortal Kombat would intone:'FLAWLESS VICTORY!'**yea the banh mi's are cheaper in cdn and other american cities but this is pretty well priced for nyc
<review# 1133,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2010,10/7/2010,381,1142,7,16,12>Take it from somebody who has actually lived in Mexico: this place is about as authentic as it gets.  I also have good authority to support my story because I ate with a friend who was born and raised in Mexico and she concurs that this is the first place we've been to in the United States that actually tastes like the food tastes in Mexico.After trying Taco Mix, it makes me wonder why there are so many Southern California transplants on yelp complaining about how there are no authentic Mexican restaurants in New York, but those people are complaining on places that it should be obvious that it wouldn't be authentic.  I see these complaints in reviews for clearly Americanized burrito shops and vegan burrito places, which is clearly nothing like real Mexican.  I even saw one guy from Orange County say. "This grilled portabello mushroom burrito is the most authentic Mexican I've found in New York" referring to Burrito Box's Vegan burritos.  I don't even want to list the millions of things wrong with that statement.  Anyone who comes here to Taco Mix and says it's not authentic is either A) Lying or B) Oblivious as to what authentic is.  Now, I love the state of California and it's inhabitants but come on people, you can't complain about lack of authenticity if you're not even going to the right places!  Also, "authentic" doesn't necessarily mean what you are used to eating as a child in Southern California.  "Authentic Mexican" is from Mexico.  In fact, I've been to Southern California many many many times in my life and always look forward to trying Mexican food there, but I got a news flash for everyone: I have never tried anything in Southern California that tastes as authentic as Taco Mix.  When I walked in to this little dive in Spanish Harlem, I immediately knew that it was going to be authentic because I saw how they were preparing the al pastor.  Now, most Mexican places that I've been to in America won't even have the slow-roasting spinning spit, and some of them who do, don't quite have the correct visual confirmation of something truly Mexican.  This meat was huge and thick.  When I saw the spinning wheel of al pastor, memories from younger years in Mexico came flooding back into my head.  The pork on the slow-roasting wheel looked visually juicy and thick and the way they carved it was exactly how I witnessed in Mexico.  They're like surgeons finely slicing the leanest, softest, and juiciest pork you will ever see.  Also, they actually include ALL constituents: pineapple, cilantro, and onion.  It's simple because the meat is so juicy that all you need aside from the above three condiments is maybe some lime juice. When I bit into it, it was a confirmation that I finally have found an authentic Mexican place in America.  I've searched far and wide for something this close to the real thing in many different American cities including regions like Southern California and Texas and have never found such a close facsimile in my life.  This makes all the somewhat authentic places I've been trying in Queens and Brooklyn actually look Americanized by comparison.  I saw in another review by Ben L. that he called it "pastor paradigm shift."  Those are a beautiful string of words and I love his review but I have to humbly disagree that this is the pastor paradigm shift.  This is what real pastor in Mexico tastes like, all the pastor I've been eating around America is the true paradigm shift--the aberration from the norm.  The pastor here firmly re-grounded me to what actual Mexican food tastes like and how far off every other taqueria I've tried in America is from getting it right.  I'm not saying authentic places like this don't exist in America, because I didn't even know this existed until yesterday, but let me tell you that it is extremely rare, like finding a pregnant unicorn or something.  Ever since my childhood years in Mexico, I've searched for this, and have only encountered it now over a decade laterSope de al pastor:  9.9/10 - It was HUGE and the first real sope I've had in a decade. Quesadilla de queso- 10/10- Try the quesadillas here if you want to know how far off base TGI Friday's is when they call their quesadilla a quesadilla.  Notice the soft tortilla that was made crunchy through frying and the unique combination of cheeses inside.  It was transcendental and a true treat.  Add some of their delicious green salsa to compliment the cheese.Tacos al pastor- 10/10- The first true tacos al pastor I've tried outside of Mexico.  If you haven't been to Mexico, you must try these to understand why Mexicans giggle when you order Vegan Burritos and fajitas.  The meat was lean, yet lightly marbleized.  It was soft throughout and you don't find that occasional crunchy piece you find in street carts, it was slow roasted all day and tender as can be.  JARRITOS- they have a great selection of my favorite Mexican soda.  I recommend trying the Mandarin or Fruit Punch flavors.
<review# 1134,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2010,10/6/2010,289,209,20,21,22>I love everything about this bakery:- Single-minded dedication to one product- The quirky signposts that point you toward the bakeshop- The remote location that keeps the hoi polloi away- Outdoor picnic tables surrounded by Floridian foliage- The Swingle: frozen pie on a stick covered in Callebaut chocolate ($5)- The bracingly tart key-lime filling that makes my mouth pucker- Reasonable prices: $15 for 8-inch pie, $25 for 10-inch- The sign on the door that says, "We do not sell coffee"; "We do not know about available real estate in the area"; "We do not make apple pie"If I ever started a business, I'd run it exactly this way. (Except I wouldn't make key lime pies, or any type of pie. I hate baking.)
<review# 1135,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2010,10/5/2010,54,94,18,23,25>Imagine.It's the early 90s and a twin brother and sister, about 5 years old, are hard at work in the kitchen of their family's apartment in Queens.  Even when I was 5 I knew the power of food, and how a great snack is the perfect way of showing how much you love someone. Unfortunately at that age our culinary prowess was certainly lacking. My sister and I decided to serve banana splits, although we were at a loss of what was served on a banana split, except for a banana and ice cream. Improvising we decided to fry the banana in an overly greased pan, with globs of Napoleon ice cream, and garnished with black olives, and then watched as our family ate it, smiling through clenched teeth and tearing eyes.15 years and 0 banana splits later my older sister and I roll into Lula's Sweet Apothecary, an adorable vegan ice cream spot situated in Manhattan's East Village. Everything is antiquated, from the tin signs, the boxes for the toppings, and even the spoons (which are shaped like very mini shovels, how appropriate). Our server, Brad was extremely kind and walked us through building our banana split (because damned if I knew it was three scoops of ice cream, and three different toppings "traditionally").We decided to have ours made up of Rum Raisin, Cake Batter, and Chocolate Chocolate Chip Ice creams, topped with marshmallow, caramel, and caramelized pecans. So you can imagine how sad I was when I found out that Lula's is CASH ONLY, and I peeled open my wallet to find only one dollar and perhaps a few flies zipping out of it.Brad however didn't miss a beat, encouraging us to eat our ice cream before it melted and just run to the ATM once we're done.  Which I can only describe as totally awesome on his part.This place really is a gem and everyone should consider having their dessert here, the totally guiltless cashew based ice cream (which is all made on site) doesn't have that peculiar aftertaste that soy based vegan ice creams do and is just perfect on a summer day.
<review# 1136,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2010,10/4/2010,400,317,36,26,35>Confession: I've dated men because of their dogs.There were two cuddly shiba inus. One very smart French bulldog. And a shy, elegant whippet. To date, however, I've never dated a man because of his apartment. That might change. I've met someone who lives dangerously close to Taim. Two out of the two times I've been to his apartment, we've gotten take-away falafels and other goodies. I can now safely say that ALL of the falafel flavors there are holy and pure and fan-f*cking-tastic (previously I'd only tried the green, shame on me). Not to mention the smoothies -- especially the mint and pear one. Ahh. It's a good thing I like this guy (and I do!). I hope I keep getting invited over...
<review# 1137,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2010,10/3/2010,345,332,40,11,10>Frequently asked questions:Q: Can they fix my broken door lock? A: No, but they can fix you a drink. Q: Can I get an extra set of keys here? A: No, but you can get an extra side of yuca fries to go with their yummy wings.Q: Do they sell chain locks?A: No, but they have a water bowl chained to their specials chalkboard outside so both you and your dog can have a drink! Q: Can they help me install a deadbolt on my bedroom door? I think my roommate is wearing my drawers.A: No, but you can take your roommate here on a Saturday, order a bottle of wine with their $20 bottle of vino special and explain to them that wearing someone else's underroos is just plain wrong.
<review# 1138,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2010,10/2/2010,233,176,11,11,13>A deep sob shuddered through my body, and I bit into the chocolate. I waited for the taste to hit as the tears carved their gray pathways down my cheeks. The chocolate tasted the same as always: placating, and verging on stale. Reese's is nothing like Bouchon, and looking back now, that cup was really no match for the chocolate tart that lay stately in front of me on the kitchen table. But I didn't care then. I shoved the rest of the peanut butter cup in my mouth. I chewed slowly, my jaw tired, eyes bloodshot but still on the tart, staring back at me ominously in the stillness of the kitchen. "What do you want from me?" I screamed at it in my head as the tears ran thicker. Without breaking the staring match, I chucked the Reese's wrappers on the floor like a child in a tantrum and reached over to the brownie on the kitchen counter. You know the kind: It comes from a $2 pack of six, all tied together with the same theme of artificial colors and defective ingredients. Perfect. I opened my mouth wide, and embarked on a new challenge: Could I eat a whole brownie at once? I could, as it turned out. A new wave of anguish hit, as I watched the tart watching me, unmoved. The salty tears mixed in with the saccharine aftertaste of the junky duo created a watery flavor that tried to hold its own against Bouchon. They say quality wins over quantity, but right then, I couldn't care less what won.There had been times when it was different, though. Back in fall, I sought out quality. I could still see myself on that calm, cloudy Saturday, sitting upright at that small table against the glass, staring down into the crowd at Columbus circle. My eyes fell on that same tart ahead of me then. I sank a silver fork gently into the silky dark chocolate, and the moist crust had yielded cleanly into the break. A delicate sweep of refinement on the palate. Or biting into the feast that was the nutter butter cookie right after at Bouchon that day. I have an infamously short-term memory for certain things, including movies and names and locations ... and sometimes names of restaurants and desserts. But the nutter butter cookie I could still remember: It gave such a rich, moist punch after the coffee, and yet it still tasted like quality. The kind of quality that you instinctively take in slowly; otherwise, it cloys too quickly and ruins the experience. But those times were in the past. They dissolved into darkness now, leaving me with a lingering memory that too dissolved into emptiness. Then, at that precise moment of zero, I reached for the tart. Hark! Was this it? No, I decided. Tomorrow was another day. My hand wavered, and I grabbed the truffles next to it, instead -- old ones, dried up by now. I popped two into my mouth. Then I got up. Like a selfish kid, satiated and proud and tired and disgusted, I wiped my tears and pushed in the chair. It was over. I've never considered myself an emotional eater ... but sometimes, a good cry after an emotional day at the office can really reveal plenty of things -- like a need to let the incessant frustration roll out on its own healthy course and an incredible capacity for chucking crap into your belly. But the best of all: a positive reaffirmation that quality always beats quantity. For had it not been for the preciousness of quality, the tart would have been history like the rest. Perhaps that's the most comforting thought of all, for any bad day in New York City: It's the test of the true core of anything. Fall into it, and it's over. Persist for just a little while, and you are safe -- and later, in the easy folds of calm, you can integrate the song of real chocolate seamlessly into your temperament. If you're lucky, it'll be the song of Bouchon.
<review# 1139,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2010,9/30/2010,128,107,13,12,11>Fill it up, baby. That's it. I'm talking to you, Mr. Canolli Man who's working behind the glass pastry case. He fills my chocolate dipped cannoli shell with the cannoli cream made with ricotta and sugar. Then he sprinkles powdered sugar over this sweet thang. That's love from the Italians. And this chocolate dipped cannoli shell? Best thing ever. I oohed and aahed at my cannoli, especially at the shell, until I took my first bite. The cream is nothing to write home about, but that shell is fantastic. I wasn't impressed with the filling at all, but I can rave about that shell forever. The nice thing about this bakery is that they also offer a mini version of the chocolate dipped shell cannoli, for those who can't eat a giant one. That will never happen to me. Other than that, I recommend you eat yours outside so those obnoxious Italian hosts will stop haranguing you to eat inside their restaurant because you'll be wearing powdered sugar and chocolate all around your mouth.
<review# 1140,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2010,9/29/2010,80,212,15,24,18>After my lovely but ultimately less than earth-shattering experience at sister restaurant Hide-Chan, I wasn't sure what to expect out of Totto Ramen. Early on, it'd gotten a huge amount of mainstream food blogger attention, and if there's anything I'm reverse-racist about, it's when Americans get excited about Asian restaurants. Still, I worship the Totto empire, and getting off early from work one day, I decided to make the pilgrimage to the West side.Initial signs were encouraging: short staircase down into the narrow space, explosively steaming pots behind the counter, the smell of chicken heavy in the air, a couple of Japanese cooks in bandanas shouting their welcomes at me. It was the most authentic-feeling, friendliest ramen-ya I'd been in in NYC besides the old Sapporo (whose food couldn't live up to the setting, though I have not revisited since its renovation). I nodded at the cooks and took a seat in a stool. Less than a minute later, my order was in -- the options are few, and I went with the purist choice, the Totto chicken paitan ramen. Less than two minutes after that, the bowl was in front of me.The chicken-based broth was spectacular.I thought that deserved to be in its own paragraph. I'd always assumed that the sujebi soup at Arirang in Koreatown would be the most nuclear blast of capital-C Chicken I would ever have the privilege of tasting, but Totto's paitan ramen edges it out. It's so creamy, so chickeny that it's difficult to capture the experience in words: a burst of primary colors after a lifetime in black-and-white.Ramen is the most holistic of all noodle soups, so a broth alone cannot make the bowl. Luckily, the noodles are gorgeously springy specimens, easily better than those at Ippudo, Setagaya, and, oddly, Hide-Chan. And the char siu slices are as perfect as Hide-Chan's, not only standing tall in that dynamo of a chicken broth, but melding seamlessly with it in an indescribable melange of animal flavors.A single bowl of ramen is usually more than enough to sate me, but here I ordered a kaedama, i.e., an extra helping of noodles to dump into my leftover broth. It's virtually a second bowl for $2.50. I finished it just as quickly, then noisily slurped up the remaining soup, honoring Japanese tradition as best I could.I don't give five stars for a single visit very often. But Totto Ramen serves up a bowl of ramen that I like significantly more than the pork bomb at Ippudo or the tightrope-balanced hakata of Rockmeisha. Indeed, the only two ramen bowls I've had in the States that I like more are at the holy ground of Santouka in Edgewater, NJ, and [REDACTED NYC ESTABLISHMENT HERE; YOU WILL HAVE TO TORTURE ME OR BE MY ONE TRUE LOVE TO FIND OUT]. I'm going to go even further and put Totto Ramen in the upper echelon of best solo dinner spots in the city, period. You could bring a date here, of course, but you better be ready for her tongue to taste like chicken.As I got up to leave, the usual Japanese chorus of goodbyes caressed me. For the first time in my life, instead of just bowing my head slightly, I actually turned to my ramen cook and said, "Gochisou-sama deshita!"He smiled. "Arigatou."Arigatou yourself, Totto Ramen.Probability of return within 1 year: 100%
<review# 1141,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2009,2/4/2010,126,78,12,20,25>Walking around Red Hook, I get the strange pre-epiphanic feeling of a Pynchon novel (especially walking past the Waste Nought store), where everything seems infused with cryptic meaning. The neighborhood's nighttime character has something insidious and Wasteland-ish, but also playful and absurd, like a video game of Who Framed Roger Rabbit, complete with shadowy figures smoking in foggy alleys...That said, Sunny's is a magical oasis of maritime love. Everything about the place, like most everything about Red Hook, has a sightly askew, boozy, water-warped feel that makes me love it all the more: the hardwood floors slant down toward the bar; the springs and stuffings inside the booths splay out in all directions; the back room is junk-full of ropes and old crates of beer from the once-functional kitchen. Nautical artwork is everywhere you look (some of it by Sunny hisself) - even the bartender has a kindly merman charm. Maybe it's the bourbon talking, but it's hard to leave Sunny's without falling in love: be it with the bar itself, the neighborhood, the amazing Wednesday night band or the Saturday bluegrass sessions. I even love the soap in the bathroom.If you can't stomach the trek out here, then stay in Park Slope! It's off-the-grid-ness is part of the charming reward of the place; it wouldn't be such an oasis if it were easy to access, or open normal hours. I am going to come right out and say that this is my favorite bar in all the land. I can't imagine a more perfect evening than heading to Sunny's before sundown with a handsome man, sticking around for the Western swing, then riding through the rain on the back of a bicycle over to Bait & Tackle for a beer and a pork sandwich from the Ice House next door. Swoon.
<review# 1142,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2009,2/3/2010,294,271,16,18,15>Go stuff your mouth with a cork.(Did you know Bouchon is cork in French?)Okay, now that you know that means, go. Stuff your mouth with a cork. Shut up and enjoy.This little bouchon thing, is the tiniest mouthful, about as big as an actual wine cork, for some unseemly price of $2.75. Unseemly, before you taste it of course. Super chocolatey, super rich, it sends me into a trance everytime I bite into it. It's like Keller put all his positive energy into making this little bite of heaven.Of course, till you taste the other stuff.Out of this F-ing world:The lemon tart is fresh and silky smooth, with the perfect buttery crunchy crust (maybe they ground a little oatmeal into it?). The macarons are crisp, airy and the cream is beautiful sin. And the bouchons, of course.Good/Average/Bad:After being spoilt by Levain cookies, other cookies just don't cut it. Sorry, Bouchon Bakery, but your chewy crunchy chocolate chip cookie  is good, just not exceptional. The parfait is overpriced for the taste and hey, what's with the Bouchon ho-ho thing, eh? Stop being silly. It tastes stupid.Now, if I could only get the servers to actually pay attention to me instead of engaging in non-stop chatter with each other, I'd overlook all the other desserts and give them 5 stars for their excellent ones.Wait - you have fois gras dog biscuits too? Is this for dogs who're more important than some humans?
<review# 1143,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2009,2/1/2010,2492,2210,23,22,28>I am in love.  Cones has edged out Sundaes & Cones for my favorite ice cream in New York, and Scoops (LA) and Bi-Rite (SF) to claim the spot of the best ice cream I have ever tasted in my 20+ years as an ice cream enthusiast.  This is ice cream that makes you temporarily lose control of mind and body.  Tourettes-inducing, infantilizing, discombobulating flavor.  To quote Chandler, it's ice cream to make a bishop kick a hole in a stained glass window.I'm a sample whore.  Really.  Line up some novel treats and see if I don't sleep with whatever lies between to get to the other side.  As such, I was fully ready to dismiss and even dislike this place with its two-sample regime.  It turns out that it hardly matters, because I have gone enough times in the first fiery month of our affair to taste a whole range.It was love at first hazelnut.  No games, no teasing - just bold, bracing, abandoned flavor that made me weak in the knees.  Cones churns smooth beautiful ice cream that you taste with every sensing nerve in nose and mouth as it melts slow and languorous on your tongue.  Hazelnut is my #1, but being for the most part a 3-scoops girl, I've been around the block.  I have yet to be disappointed by any of the thirds and fourths in our menages a quatres.  Sometimes I favor sensuous milk-laden scoops like almond cream, dulce de leche, yerba mate, cinnamon-dusted corn, but other times fluffy, flirtatious sorbets catch my eye, like fresh mango or bright bright grapefruit.  When I'm feeling extra naughty, I spring for the Johnny Walker kumquat, expensive, exotic, and sinful, and once in a while, I'll top it all off with house-made whipped cream.If the gelato is my love, then the owners are my would-be in-laws, and I'm happy to say that they treat me right.  Like the time I came without cash, only to find out at the register that my plastic was no good.  The kind graying man told me to have a seat and take my time finishing my ice cream before worrying about finding an ATM.  Or the time they forgot to give me my whipped cream until I came back from a block away, too lost in bliss to notice for minutes.  The lovely man gave me a double portion of topping and two free samples as a show of good-will, along with warm smiles and gentle words.Me and Cones.  Cones and me.  Till death do us part.
<review# 1144,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2009,1/31/2010,345,332,22,26,17>I work in an office full of women, which means that everyone is always watching their weight. In theory or in practice, there is dieting being done. There is no arguing that, it is a fact. I love these women, they're awesome. I spend a large chunk of my conscious day with these women. I've taken on the role of  the "nice old lady" in the office and like to bring in treats but they wouldn't snack. I've tried everything, the smaller bite-sized things they can eat discreetly did OK. But I knew there was something out there that would crush their will power. Something so delicious, they couldn't resist. *Don  Vito Corleone Voice* I was gonna give 'em a snack they couldn't refuse. /end impersonation The plain, pre-sliced (they cut it for you and have these little slips of wax paper in between each slice so you can actually lift the slice out, it's perfect, these people are geniuses!) LARGE cake for $23 (cash only) is perfection in a box. This creamy kryptonite carries redemption in every sinful bite. Smiles all around, the mood was lighter in the suite and people were more chatty. No one seemed ashamed that every slice was gone. If you get there after 3pm they'll be closed but don't fret! The store across the street carries them and so does the Garden Gourmet, a local supermarket.
<review# 1145,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2009,1/30/2010,225,194,17,19,15>I'm really happy for you and I'm going to let you finish but Masatoshi "Gari" Sugio is one of the best Sushi Chefs of all Time!Gari actually won a Michelin star for Sushi of Gari, so I doubt that he needed my "Kanye" outburst.  I just want give credit where credit is due.     While most Sushi restaurants are basically serving you the same uninspired menu, Gari is coming up with some of the most imaginative and inventive Sushi in the city. This is not the type of Sushi that needs Soy sauce or wasabi.   You can splurge on the omakase or just grab some rolls.  My recommendations:*Tuna with Tofu Puree*Salmon with roasted tomato and sweet onion sauce*Squid with plum and shisho leaf*Yellowtail and Jalapeno*Fried OysterIf you want to dunk your California roll into some soy sauce go somewhere else.  If you want avant-garde Sushi, go to Gari.
<review# 1146,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2009,1/28/2010,110,187,19,20,19>you might be waiting on line for a little while and the people behind you might be talking about westerns.  one guy might be talking about how he really likes westerns, like back to the future 3 and shanghai noon.  your friend might look over at you incredulously, as if the guy talking about the "westerns" is perhaps baiting everyone in the immediate vicinity into a friendly argument.  you don't say anything, but you kind of wish early 1970's lee van cleef or clint eastwood would appear and give the guy talking so loudly a menacing stare in the hopes that it would make him close his mouth and stop embarrassing himself.but then you go inside and quickly forget all about it.  i came last night for a series called inside joke.  this time jonathan ames was the guest.  it started with questions about writing, but quickly morphed into ames' strange ability to immediately say any word backwards and ended with wii boxing and ames being spanked by an audience member.  for a q&a, it was a lot of fun.  the only thing i don't like about the place, and it's really a testament to having such a good time here, is that i wish the shows lasted longer.  most of the time they're only an hour or a little longer.  and the seats.  i'm nitpicking, but i think my seat was on it's last legs.  you do forget about all that when everything begins though.useful stuff:  get on their mailing list.  if there's someone/something you want to see, make reservations immediately.  this isn't a big place and it will sell out quick.also, you can go downstairs to pick up your tickets before you wait on line.  then when everyone is let in and trying to find the best seats, you're not waiting at the ticket window to pay.
<review# 1147,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2009,1/27/2010,125,122,8,23,16>So my Peruvian friend Jose took two of my buddies and I here the other night. Jose is quite opinionated about Peruvian food and the quality of ceviche. Apparently this is one of the few places in the city that both meets his standards and is very authentic. We had to try it. The four of us sat at one of the tables outside. +1 Star for the outdoor seating. It was a nice temperate New York summer evening at around 6 PM. Is there anything better than enjoying great seafood and people watching in the Village on a night like that?We started with the 3 C's of Peruvian appetizers: Ceviche, Choros a la Chalaca, y Causa. The Ceviche Clasico de Pescado was delicious. Nice big pieces of white fish and plenty of onions and corn swimming around in the lime juice. Ceviche has got to be the best summer appetizer of all time. It's so refreshing and plays very nicely with beer. The Choros a la Chalaca are mussels marinated with lime juice and stuffed with finely chopped cilantro, peppers, onions, tomatoes, and corn. They were quite good. The Choros appetizer also comes with 12 mussels which is plenty to share with a group. This was my first experience with Causa. Causa is like a mashed potato cake mixed with lemon juice. Panca gives you three cakes, one topped with shrimp, one topped with crab, and one topped with octopus. They were all tasty but the acidity from the lemon in the potatoes mixed with the lime from the fish was a bit much for me. Maybe next time I'll try the chicken causa.For entrees, we got the Lomo Soltado, the Jalea, and the Seco de Cordero . Lomo Soltado is of course stir fried steak, tomatoes, onions, french fries, and rice garnished with a pinch of finely chopped cilantro. It was excellent. The meat was tender and this dish was perfectly balanced. The Jalea is my favorite Peruvian dish because it reminds me of the food I ate in Richmond Virginia. In our parlance, it's a big ol' fish fry wit' calamari, shrimp, octopus, and fish. Lord have mercy! The Seco de Cordero is a lamb shank cooked low and slow in a cilantro stew. It was served with potatoes, sweet peas, and yellow beans. Dear God! The lamb was perfectly cooked and literally fell off of the bone.  I highly recommend this place.
<review# 1148,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2009,1/26/2010,87,272,18,15,17>yeah, and you say Press195... Press 195? (Im coming home again)...Do you think about me now and then?  Do you think about me now and then?...Cuz Im coming home again...I met this bar when I was 3 months into Queens,I tried to tell her this is where I always be seen, and. she said I got great fries and my name is Pressand I love to hook up the fellas and leave 'em a messFrom that point on I never blow her off.The boys come from outta town, I like to show Press off.Weeks later, I'd stop by before I hit downtown,and after LIRR before my buzz gone down,and.Whether I was coming home with a few friends or alone,She always knew how to make me throw down like a man grown-and.I tried to tell her every yelp reviewI be representin' youWhether it be the MagicHat 9or the bartenders always lookin' fineevery time I come here you look alive,if you dont know by now, Im talkin' 'bout Press 195.Thats 16 bars. werd.  Everyone has their friendly neighborhood bar that cant be topped.  This is mine.
<review# 1149,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2009,1/25/2010,102,130,11,15,14>In my friend and family circle, I'm fondly regarded as the restaurant scout.  As a good restaurant scout would, I found this little indonesian gem almost 15 months ago. So if you guys were yelping back then and found it a life-time before me, I don't want to hear it.  That's right, stuff it.Between the four of us on Sunday night, we ordered up a storm:1) Chicken tandoori: Tender and SPICEY. Make sure you dip in the sweet sauce that accompanies it.2) Balinese Shrimp Skewers: Fresh, with a good tangy flavor.3) Jimbaran Grilled Sea Bass: Semi boneless (they removed the main spine) and grilled to perfection. The jimbaran paste is like dried fish sauce mixed with Sriracha.4) Vegetable coconut curry - Refreshingly mild (yet flavorful) and a perfect complement to our other orders.5) Spicey edamame: Genius! They took the google approach. Take something good and make it excellent! 6) Beef skewers: Tad heavy but well cooked and juicy.7) Watermelon Martini - I didn't taste this chick drink. Never.8) Agave soju with lemonade and sparkling orange. STRONG but went down very easy. I'm always amazed at how New Yorkers can turn any small space into a bustling restaurant, and this is a great example!  Its perfect for a small birthday celebration, for a first date, for entertaining visitors, or just hangin' out. Hell, I think Kuta would even be a good place for a break-up (read: the food might save you and the fact that you can get up and bolt very quickly.)
<review# 1150,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2009,1/23/2010,251,671,12,15,15>Yay! I think I found my "If I need to go out on Thursday" spot!Why Thursday, you ask? Well it's because on Thursdays I fast - meaning no eating during the day, and in the evening I break my fast with something salty, but no meat or eggs.*When my vegetarian-might-turn-vegan friend wanted to meet for dinner and asked if we could go somewhere veggie-friendly, I was hopeful that this place would do the trick. And it did and then some!Really tasty sangria - never have I had raspberries in sangria yet, and it was lovely. My Mexican Blue Plate Special, with the mushroom mole burrito was fan-tas-tic! And the black beans, so flavorful. My brother had the Chilaquiles, which was deemed the best dish of the evening - smokey, filling and of course, tasty. My friend wasn't too hot on her salad, but it was a huge portion the roasted corn on top was a nice touch. Tied it into the Mexican theme we had going on our table.It's such a cute place, with a warm and homey feel. It doesn't scream  vegetarian-vegan-no-meat-eaters-allowed, which is fantastic because I like meat when I can get it.*All in all a great little spot with really good food, service and a welcome relief from weird vegetarian food.I'm a fan!*git ur mind outta da gutter!
<review# 1151,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2012,2/19/2013,349,349,12,20,20>Pera is a strong 3.5 star restaurant that I am comfortable upgrading to four stars given the number of times it has come to my rescue as a safe bet for a business lunch or dinner in Midtown.Both its name and ambiance conjure up images of restaurants in Istanbul.  The mezes are tasty but not superlative.  I generally order a mix of phyllo rolls, hummus and eggplant to complement the watermelon and feta salad, and the flat breads.  If you are in an adventurous and famished state of body and mind, try the stewed Turkish okra or the bucatini.  I also like to order the sides of Mediterranean fries and roasted red potatoes.The setting is sedate, especially during the quiet evening hours, when the only people who can be found in this part of town are the ones who have no choice in the matter.  But the service is quick and friendly at all times, and the prices are reasonable.I am glad Pera exists and can only hope that it continues to prosper during lunch hours so as to justify its existence.
<review# 1152,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2013,2/18/2013,24,88,3,14,9>Simply amazing.  Imagine all the best aspects of Angel's Share, Apotheke, and Milk & Honey, all combined into one place.  As an added bonus, enjoy the amenities without having to trek to the sketchy parts of Chinatown, without all your friends getting lost in the Japanese restaurant hiding the bar entrance, and without huge crowds hogging the limited seating.Rogue & Canon is situated exactly on the border of SoHo and West Village (after all, the entrance is on "Ho" street).   I let the staff pick my first drink and lo and behold, the Russian Firing Squad came in a copper beggar's cup mug (see photo), just like the Stormy Weather from Angel Share!  Between the 8 of us, our table wound up sampling almost every cocktail and we universally voted the Navy Grog and Apple Pie among our favorites (brace yourself for the cinnamon ice cube).Another reason  R&C wins 5 stars is their food selection.  Unlike many speakeasy type bars with a tiny selection of overpriced peanut bowls and sliders, Rogue & Canon has a real dinner menu with its own unique selections.  You can get the Canon Burger, standard, hearty angus (get it, like the canon in a song, not the war cannon); or the Rogue Burger, for the true rogues, which includes a thick, fatty slice of pork belly and a generous layer of peanut butter (yes, sweet and savory, melted peanut butter).   I also tried the fried shrimp (should be called popcorn shrimp), the panna cotta, and the deviled eggs, all delicious!At last, SoHo has a much needed hardcore mixology offering!
<review# 1153,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/26/2012,2/17/2013,160,235,38,18,17>um. that's not spanx; that's just my rock-hard bootaaaay from bar, gurl. wait. let's back up. something terrible happened at the age of 25 that everything went downhill. literally. my whole body could no longer tolerate its cookie-a-day habit and if i even thought about having a milkshake, it would stay glued to my ass for at least three weeks. yes, i went to the gym; pretty much daily. (guess who's the mayor of crunch lafayette gym?!?! haaaayyyy!) but all that work wasn't enough to whittle down to size of my early 20s. i was salivating for something new, but definitely didn't have the funds to cover weekly sessions with the douchey PTs at my gym.enter bar method. a magical mix of ballet and pilates that will whip you into you shape - although you maybe crying during the process - ASAP. sers. you'll be addicted to how great your ass looks in those skinny jeans. however, this crack ain't cheap. although i originally signed up with $150 unlimited monthly with a new client special, each month on the 23rd, 250 bones are taken out of my account. without fail. and i still have my other gym membership for morning runs and spinning classes. so, yeah, it hurts. there's a reason why my name isn't aimee "money bags" o. anywho. other pros include sweet instructors (although some are better than others), a beautiful space that overlooks spring street and the occasional celeb sighting while cons consist of a super-strict cancelation policy ($20 reallllyyy????) and snarky clientele that i am not above pushing out of my way. but it's worth it to feel good (or simply better?) about yourself. nekkid. or, if that doesn't motivate you, think of all the money you'll save in spanx. get it gurl.
<review# 1154,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2012,2/16/2013,389,329,7,14,10>Oh, yes please.  Can I just leave it at that? OK, I'll elaborate...I've been to a few speakeasies - and this one was certainly the most exclusive.  If you don't have a reservation, expect to wait - and not even at the bar.  Outside.  A friend and I stopped by, rang the doorbell.  An adorable, accented, bow-tied butler comes to the door and asks for our reservation.  We, clueless, don't have one - so go down the street for a few minutes for a drink at BLT before returning for a second try.He lets us in, and the bar is standing room only.  We pass by a few plush couches with tables, extremely sexy.  It's all dates besides my friend and I, and I'm envious of their well-informed boyfriends who brought them.The cocktails are pricey, and delicious.  I tried too many, but recommend the Bramble - gin and muddled blackberries, and the Self-starter.  I'll be back as soon as I have a chance/need to impress someone.
<review# 1155,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2012,2/15/2013,483,449,7,13,9>Wow what a find. But I suppose I shouldn't expect anything less than a very classy and truly enjoyable venue since it was recommended by the head of PR of the company for which I work. We had a company happy hour here with about 30 people total. Tribeca is not exactly a convenient location unless you already live or work in the area, but luckily our office is walking distance to the neighbourhood. The service was great - the wait staff was never far from our tables to make sure we had everything we need. And the happy hour food menu was great, from the bacon-wrapped dates, to the pulled pork sliders, to the tuna tartare tacos. Most of all, it just had a great ambience, and it's definitely a spot to take someone if you want a place that's intimate but also casual.
<review# 1156,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2013,2/13/2013,1726,1086,8,16,10>Let me disagree with some of the reviewers below:You don't need to read Macbeth to appreciate this experience. In fact, it might help to come in with a totally blank slate and let your mind wander. That being said, most people naturally felt the need to follow a narrative so they kept joining the annoying and sheep-like packs who were probably being led by inside plants. It's funny how reluctant most people are to carve an individual experience (which this is supposed to be).Of course, I gave in as well and joined the big, engrossing scenes like the minotaur orgy rave sacrifice and the dinner finale, as well as several bar scenes. Those are definitely the highlights, but the various sets are all individually awesome--from the moonlit forest to the candy store to the taxidermy gallery. You won't see everything, which is reason to return at some point (if you can stomach the hefty admission fee again).It's a wonderful bit of modern participatory theater that everyone (except folks with serious health problems and those mortified of the dark) should check out.
<review# 1157,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2013,2/12/2013,269,914,8,22,36>I've been working on this review for 6 months. My then boyfriend, now fiance, had made reservations here for our six month anniversary. Words can't do the experience justice. THE best dining experience I have had, and it was everything (and more) I had expected from a 3 Michelin Star/#24 (now #10) restaurant in the world. All 5 senses are engaged during the meal.We did the 16 course tasting menu - every. single. dish. was. to. die. for. We asked for a tour of the kitchen as well which was a wonderful experience. I was really surprised how clean it was despite how busy they were.Our initial server was okay, but he was shortly replaced by a much friendlier and personable server. I wish I could remember his name because he added that extra flair to the dining experience.The end of the meal is of course always going to be the most memorable and best part of the night. My fiance had planned to do a table-side proposal, however, I foiled his plan. We were talking about proposals, and I told him I considered restaurants to be too public of a place for my liking. Last minute, he had the staff move patrons from the small, private lounge area. After our last course, we were guided to the private lounge where they had two champagne glasses placed on a table & my favorite song playing on a small speaker in the background (as requested by my fiance). The whole staff cheered as they popped a bottle of champagne bottle. They asked us to wait so they could get the glasses ready for us after we were done. They actually packed the (Vera Wang) glasses in a nice box AND boxed the cork in a small, cute box with an EMP ribbon - so sweet & sentimental.It really is the best dining experience, and if I could give them extra stars for their thoughtfulness, I would. Thank you EMP!
<review# 1158,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2013,2/11/2013,597,627,11,20,14>Duuuuuude, this random arcade is awesommmme!!! They have Street Fighter II, Paperboy, Fight Champ, Frogger, Ms. Pac Man, the original Marvel vs. Capcom and pinball machines (with BEER HOLDERS!!!)To think my boyfriend and I actually found this place my complete mistake. I was surprising him with tickets to a touring film festival but we were looking for a place to enjoy drinks and I was going to take him to Max Fish because he likes arcade games and such. I ended up taking a wrong turn onto Essex street and we both stopped in our tracks immediately upon seeing the arcade machines and bar set-up and hopped in.He was excited with the games they have, the "nostalgic bad" arcade pizza (their pie sits under a heat lamp in a big, old-school box thing) and "nostalgic" hot dogs on one of these spinning griller things (think 7-11, only they had no hot dogs on it this night, lol) and he enjoyed some red wine.I was excited for the games and for the cool selection of (seemingly curated and probably constantly rotating) domestic craft beers (Coney Island Lager much! YAY!) and seasonal foreign brews as well.Had a nice chat with the manager too about wines and their friendly bartender told us that they had just opened about 5-6 weeks ago. This place is a breath of fresh air for adults who like things like fine 80s gaming, pinball machines, fine wine/beer and bad pizza (lol). I look forward to hangs here again very soon :).
<review# 1159,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2012,2/10/2013,370,309,6,9,9>I've been holding off on writing this review for a while because I don't know if I can properly put in to words how much I like this place.It's not a place to get hammered - although I've definitely done so.Amor y Amargo is a great place to go with a friend or two to enjoy a few perfectly concocted drinks and good conversation. On paper the drinks might not be for everyone, but I've never brought anyone here who didn't love them, many have been surprised that they did.I prefer coming weeknights when it's nice and quiet, especially Wednesdays when Souther is behind the bar. I hate weekends pretty much everywhere.
<review# 1160,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2012,2/9/2013,566,339,6,12,10>I had to update my review because of my most recent experiences at Kyotofu.First, they have the most delicious chocolate muffin I have ever eaten in my life. It is incredibly moist and has just the right ratio of chocolate chips to cake.Second, I like the soymilk soft serve more and more every time I eat it. It is so delicious and there are always different flavors to try. Last but not least, the most recent time I went to Kyotofu, I had come down with the most painful migraine of my life just a few minutes before dinner. The server must have noticed how terrible I looked, because he brought over some onigiris for Chinh T. and me, on the house, which he thought would help me feel better as I ate my mushroom salad. He asked if I were feeling sick, and when I admitted I wasn't feeling well, he asked if I wanted to drink some broth instead. I nodded in agreement, expecting just some warm soup, but he brought over an entire soba for me to eat and also said it was on him. I honestly would not even expect a boyfriend to be so attentive and thoughtful. This is by far the best service I have ever received from any establishment in my life and another reason that Kyotofu is one of my favorite places in the city.
<review# 1161,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/30/2007,12/8/2007,171,97,14,14,11>Do come here if...You like drinking German beer.You like drinking German beer outside.You like drinking German beer and eating German sausages outside.Do not come here if...You have to sit inside.You like sophisticated decor or any sort of ambiance.You do not like German beer or German sausages.
<review# 1162,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/1/2007,12/7/2007,405,569,25,11,13>Get your ID out. And a pen. Be prepared for security to corner you, frisk you, and stick a chip in your ass. Made it past security? Good... get thee to an elevator! Figure out what floor the CUNY Cafeteria is on ("Oh, is it 7 or 8? Oh crap, maybe it's 9!") and emerge in a sky-light lit room of tables and -- what's that smell? Oh yeeeaaah cafeteria food. Yum. Onto the food!  Slightly hospital-esque with strong notes of middle-school-lunch. Full bodied, with a touch of work-place-canteen in the finish.
<review# 1163,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2007,12/4/2007,241,374,10,14,16>I don't understand why there seems to be a big difference between Bondi Road and Sunburnt Cow.  Today, for brunch the Yelp gang, I treked all the way to Ave. C. to partake of food and debauchery with my fellow Yelpers and I gotta say, the experience was so good!  First, $15 for food and unlimited drinks is always a plus.  Some of us partook of 3 to 4 drinks.  Others partook of 13 (you know who you are!).  In the end, it all worked out well.  After my experience from Bondi Road (the younger, smaller but still struggling sister of Sunburnt Cow), my expectations were low.  But I gotta say, the food was right (came swiftly and good), and the drinks were equally on par.  All in all, it was  good dining experience and if I'm ever in the neighborhood again, I may just go for brunch again.  I mean, who doesn't like to be served good food by some Aussies every so often?
<review# 1164,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2007,12/3/2007,308,363,36,12,29>I could tell you how awesomely great these fries are and which are my favorite dipping sauces (parmesan peppercorn & mango chutney), but after 197 reviews, you don't really need to hear that from me.  Instead, I'd like to tell you all a little story about the night that Pommes Frites broke my boyfriend's heart.  (Cue the violin music, please.)It was a cold and blistery night on that New Year's Eve two years ago.  My bf and I were hanging out with one of our couple friends who brought along their out-of-town guests, another couple.  After a few live sets at one of those tragically hip East Village music bars, we ventured over to Sharaku for dinner, where we realized that we had very little in common with these out-of-towners.  We were also slightly taken aback at their apprehension in trying most items on the menu - no seafood, nothing raw, just...vegetables?  They do realize it's only Japanese food, right?Afterwards, we walked down Second Avenue and ended up at the Telephone Bar, where we continued to have very little to talk about....except for the awesome goodness of Pommes Frites, where we were determined to take everyone after a sufficient amount of alcohol had been consumed.  It was going to be the one glimmer of hope in this evening of awkward conversation, our only salvation for delight and fun.So after my bf and I had talked it up a considerable amount, we finally made our way down to Pommes Frites...only to find that the metal gate was down and it was closed.  And this is when I heard my bf's heart break.  *Crrrracccckk*"What?!  CLOSED?!  How can it be closed?!  It's New Year's Fuckin' Eve!  Everyone's out and about getting their drink on, and everyone KNOWS that the best way to cap that night off is to indulge in some greasy, fatty fries dipped in a myriad of deliciously delectable sauces!  What the #$@!  Now what?!"  [I'm paraphrasing, of course.]I had never seen my bf so upset about food (or the lack of it) before.  I wanted to comfort him, console him.  But I didn't know how.  He kicked the metal gate a few times, as if that would make the french fry friers (okay, technically Belgium) magically appear, but we all knew it was a lost cause.  He cursed, he crossed his arms, he frowned.  And we all watched as other New Year's Eve revelers came by only to face the same disappointment we did.  It was a sad sight to see - a dozen or so drunk New Yorkers standing on the street, waiting and hoping it was just a trick of the mind.In the end, what could we really do?  What we were looking forward to all night, our version of the ball dropping, had actually dropped the ball on us.  I don't remember how we ended the night after that letdown...perhaps we had some pizza at the corner, or maybe we went for some more drinks.  I think we just called it a night.  A pitiful, disappointing, awkward night.Since then, my bf has forgiven Pommes Frites.  How can he not?  They're just too good to resist.  But I think we learned our lesson on that fateful New Year's Eve: Don't ever start a night drinking in the East Village if you know you can't end it at Pommes Frites.  And don't let your cool couple friends sucker you into hanging out with their weirdo couple friends on New Year's Eve.
<review# 1165,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2007,12/2/2007,319,141,22,11,16>Two Jews, a Filipina, and a blond walk into the Tea Lounge...Heard this one? Doubt it! (To be fair one of the Jews walked in with the Filipina, then came the Blond, and then the other Jew, but let's not pick on the little details)The Jew and the Filipina stake claim on a shared seating area. The Jew gets her Chai LatteWoman: Can i get an iced nonfat chai latte please?Server: How big?Woman: How big you got?Server: I am going to make you the sexiest chai latte you have ever had.Woman: Oh really, well if  I (insert inappropriate sexual comment here), you get an extra dollar.Woman looks at Chai Latte, made with a flower drawn from honey and cinnamon on top, and gives up the extra dollar.. it was sexy, and very tasty.Shortly, the other two women arrive. The four ladies share a seating area with a stranger, an older bespectacled man with graying hair and a laptop, who is setting off Jew-dar. He moves from a chair to the sofa where the Filipina woman sits. He moves her pink cowboy hat (this is never a smart move)The women arm themselves with a panini, a latte, coffee, bagel, red velvet cake (not highly recommended), chocolate cake, etc... Conversation turns to writing projects and the Filipina woman getting a call from her lit agent.Man: (interrupting conversation) Oh, you have an agent?Alpha-Filipina: YesMan: What do you do? Alpha Filipina: I am a writerMan: What do you writeAlpha Filipina: (without turning head to face him) Stuff!Man: What kind of StuffAlpha Filipina: (eyes rolling) Just stuff.Man goes back to what he is doing. It is clear from his changing facial expressions he is still listening to conversation. He moves the pillow that separates him from his prey.  She stands, retrieves the pillow, puts back in place. Shot down hard.Some more conversation. The second Jewish woman recants stories of lost loves, bad connections, and other tales of relationships not to be. The man interrupts again.Man: Are you a singer?Jewish woman: No.. Do I look like a singer?Man: What do you do?Jewish woman: I am a writer.Man: Really? I'm a writer too.Not having the same alpha characteristics as the Filipinawoman, the Jewish woman engages in some polite friendly conversation with the man, a writer working on a humor-based pilot, who used to work for a humor magazine. Maybe you have heard of it, National Lampoon.The other Jewish woman, feeling exhausted from a day of heckling Cops on Segways, dirty mermaids, and other interesting sorts, sits thankful she is not the man's newest prey. Her thoughts waver between ordering the Moroccan Mint Mojito and making more jokes about how this will all end up as another possibly bad J-Date match-up.The three women, and a friend who arrived later, whisk the poor Jewish woman from the clutches of the evil humor writer faster than Roseanne snatched food from the Craft Service station.They leave for the bar.. Ah.... Freedom!4 Stars, if not for the food, for the entertainment.
<review# 1166,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2007,12/1/2007,358,1030,6,18,16>Finally! After making several attempts to dine at this ONCE a hole-in-the-wall izakaya (and not having the patience to wait 1 to 2 hours for a table), we succeeded by lining up at the door at 5:30pm sharp. Yes, at 5:30pm, there was already a line...and the place was 50% full within minutes, and entirely occupied by 6:30pm. DRINKS: 4 stars. This place is famous for their large shochu selection. While I'm not a big fan of shochu, I actually liked it mixed with black vinegar. (I might start doing this at home!) We also had some standard drinks, like sake martini, Kirin beer, calpis-hi, oolong-hi... All good!FOOD: 3 stars. Frankly, I've had better izakaya foods. But for the price you pay here at Hagi, you definitely get some great tastes in decent quality. Go with the "Today's Best" items (see the boards hanging on the walls), because they're less likely to disappoint! They also have a separate menu consisting of Hagi's "recommended" dishes. Below are the dishes we ordered and how we liked them:"Best": yellowtail/hamachi sashimi (so fresh you don't really need soysauce); tofu cheese steak (warm and crusty); sausage with sweet mustard (we ended up ordering another plate of these!)"Good": eringi mushrooms stir fried in butter (mild in flavor, very nice in texture); grilled sardines with roe (a bit salty, so it'd go perfectly well with rice); beef "block" steaks (little hard to chew, but nice sauce); mentaiko spaghetti (too creamy); mentaiko fried rice (our final order - yum!)"Mediocre": miso konnyaku (I could do better); buta kimchi (ENORMOUS portion, but not so tasty); geso kimchi itame (same as buta kimchi)"Missed": Regretfully, I was too full to finish it off with the "mugi gohan with oshinko" set, which was the first thing on the menu that had caught my attention. I guess I'll have to go back for this.SERVICE: Slow...even for an izakaya, and you'll have to shout out for help. But if you're busy drinking and want to continue drinking, this shouldn't be a problem. The plates will eventually arrive at your table, one at a time.AMBIANCE: Cozy, surprisingly roomy, and the bathrooms are super clean. You'll think it's Japan with an atypical number of non-Japanese customers. The large flatscreen tvs are great for those who'd rather be watching baseball.PRICE: Again, the food isn't spectacular, but you'll quickly learn to love it as you see the final tab. We, four hungry drinkers/eaters, paid $120 for the entire night. SUM: We'll be back...might even get our private shochu bottle...but that's if we're okay eating at 5:30pm again!
<review# 1167,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2007,11/30/2007,179,230,1,14,12>i had a little lunch at daniel today. it was perfect.the table water tasted so good i was going to ask what it was. then i saw the evian bottles. mystery solved.the dining room was big and open and airy, with a surrounding mezzanine. a glance at the bar as i came in made me want to go there but i was already late.it was a function so the room was filled with big round tables. no matter. when they took the first plates away, i was sad. i hadn't had a chance to properly look at them, they seemed to be a beautiful pattern of yellow and white. i was instead facing the other way, listening to the presentation. not a bad presentation. but i knew the food was coming.there were three rolls, one at a time like a little 3-course bread meal, each one more unique and delicious than the one before. and of course that french butter. who needs food when the bread and butter are exquisite. but there was food. white wine, crisp and dry and icy cold and with that champagne sweatsox aroma. it sounds funny to describe it that way but that's what it was like. it was delish. scallops grilled on the outside, slightly raw inside, with shredded mushrooms exalted with flavor like a punch to the forehead and little vegetation knicknacks, each a different color and shape and taste, a little sauce, delish. a plate with a pair of meat medalions, one a tenderloin and one a braised beef that melted under the fork. a dollop of creamed potato, another set of vegetation knicknacks, each tiny bit of everything exquisite. perfect. charming. with a red wine. dry and spicy and somehow transparent going down.warm molten chocolate cake paired with thick pistachio ice cream. it was so good we had no idea it was pistachio. i thought lychee green tea concoction. jasmine. juniper. it was pistachio. geez. not too much to eat, not too little to eat. plenty to taste, a carnival of mouthwatering theater.this is the real deal, in its prime. daniel. ya mon!
<review# 1168,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2007,11/29/2007,235,418,30,25,27>I was going to give 4 stars before lunch menu..  I do love Ramen.. I do love noodle, but Sobaya's Soba and Udon didn't give me any impression..wait! did I just say I didn't like my foods here?oh, nooooo!  then, let me tell you about their LUNCH BOX option!First, it's HUGE!  yup!  the portion is HUGE! 1 Bento box + Soba or Udon (cold / hot) + 1 Desert  = Bae Bul Leur (full)Second, it's HUGE!  yup!  their service is friendly HUGE with smile!Third, it's HUGE!  yup!  the price is HUGE!  $15 for lunch?  that's steep..BUT, you will get HUGE belly + HUGE satisfaction! oh oh!  like other Japaneses restaurants, there's another HUGE gift for ladies..  yup!  BIDET!
<review# 1169,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2007,11/26/2007,37,48,16,7,9>The following conversation is evidence of the Blue Owl's exceptional happy  hour:Me (Drinking the Volsted):  Mmmmm...whiskey.  I feel like I'm getting in touch with my southern roots.  Except classier.Alicia D.(Drinking Loisaida):  Tastes like a popsicle!!!  You know, flamenco dancing is so amazing.Me:  My god, yes!  You can just feel the passion!A few delicious sips later...Me: The BAM double feature on Sunday was intense.  Judi Dench was a FREAK.Alicia: Yeah, especially the part where she "strokes" Cate Blanchett...Me:  I used to do that with my friends in church!!  (To bartender) Barkeep!! We'd like to order some cheeses!  Sheep, goat, cow!After cheese and second martini:Me (Drinking Shebeen):  I'm drunk.Alicia (Drinking another Loisaida):  You know, I think I'm going to try the Skittles diet again.  It's the only time I really lost weight.Me: [staring at companion, then bursting into laughter] Yeah, like the gummy bears diet!  Totally fat free!  Wait.... are you serious?Alicia: Yeah, I'm just gonna eat a lot of Skittles.Thus proving the drinks are strong....
<review# 1170,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2007,11/25/2007,548,384,34,11,19>Sephora?? No, no; here, let's remove the "Sep" and replace it for "Plet", there you go; a Plethora of great brands of moisturizers, colognes, splashes, body scrubs, soaps, Ohmygawd!! I swear that I...***VAROOOoooommmm Lightning strikes Javier M.**Moses: "Thou are a blasphemer; thou shalt not pronounce thy lord's name in vain"Me(petrified): "M-moses, what are you doing in the middle of my r-review??"Moses: "Sinner! Thou also hast offended mine petite bird's sacred name"Me: "Y-your petite bird??"Moses: "Sephora; it meaneth petite bird in Hebrew, and it's the name of my blessed wife; have you NOT read Exodus?"Me: "A long time ago Moses, I'm sorry; I will revisit it since I always loved the history of your life and the things you did..."Moses: "Flattery will not save thee..."Me: "I shall not lie; and I'm not, especially in a review...do I smell like a liar to you?"Moses: "No...thou smell of....of....hmMMmm... what is that sweet smell, reminds me of the incense they used on the Pharaoh's private chambers?"Me: "Uhh...that's what I was reviewing; it's one of the things Sephora carries, the Bliss Spa line of moisturizers, this one's Vanilla and Bergamot, and mind you, this is the best moisturizer to ever have been invented by God's creature..."Moses: "Are thou lying in my face??"Me: "No Moses, I'm just speaking out of the experience of my senses, and I challenge anyone to deny it"Moses: "Mere mortal, thou better behave and stop being so arrogant, you.... what is that metal thing thou are taking out of thy pocket?"Me: "Another one of Sephora's treasures; the Sud Pacifique line of Vanilla splashes... here Moses, put those Commandments down for sec....just a sec....now put your hands together so I can spray you...that's it"Moses: "...gooOd, this is good, thou hast a good nose"Me: "Thank you Moses, now you see? Sephora makes justice to it's name"Moses: "To HER name, not it's; don't tempt me..."Me: "I won't....here is the Sud Pacifique canister, you can keep it"Moses: "That's not what I meant, but thank thee... now I must go, but be good and keep thy Lord's commandments!" And thus I was left with an incomplete review, while Moses was carried away in a chariot with the fire of 5 burning stars.
<review# 1171,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2005,12/27/2005,226,449,,13,12>South Slope needed a new Thai restaurant and here it is: Beet. Very purply-pink inside. Bright and modern. Sleek, even. I liked the appetizers better than the entrees that I tasted. Especially noteworthy were the chicken dumplings and golden puffs - crisp and flaky, flavorful and very well-seasoned. They're still waiting on their liquor license, so BYOB is allowed. Delivery, too.
<review# 1172,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2005,12/26/2005,15,182,2,2,1>How appropriate that my 100th review is also the place that put me in deep credit card debt while I was going to school (for photography).  I love this place for photo supplies and all photo equipment (digital and otherwise). I love this place way way better than big old cumbersome B&H, and considering the size of this store (small) they have decent prices. For film (if any yelpers still use it) I recommend Kodak Portra NC (natural color) and be sure to ask for grey market (it's cheaper). They also sometimes have bargains on outdated Polaroid film.
<review# 1173,isUSA=TRUE,2.0,12/13/2005,12/25/2005,28,295,2,1,>Imposters. This place looks fancy, and the prices indicate so. My friend was asked to take off his hat. For such a high-falutin' image they keep up, the food sucked. I had gnocchi with pesto sauce, and it honestly tasted like something I could've made at home with two ingredients: frozen gnocchi and pesto sauce in a jar. My friends didn't think much of theirs either. Pretty boring stuff.  What the hell?
<review# 1174,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2005,12/24/2005,65,167,3,7,3>In one of those strange moments when I found myself walking on a block in Manhattan, realizing I'd never been on that particular block before, I discovered that 33rd between 5th & 6th is a little stripper neighborhood.  Nestled at the foot of the Empire State Building, this block caters to various "adult" contingencies -- strippers and the people who visit them.  I noticed an adult cinema, a strip club, and Empire Exotics, a fancy nasty lingerie store, which was handy for me, because I needed to pick up a fishnet unitard to go under a Moisturizer costume.  I was overjoyed to find it there for only $7.95, at least $2 less than I would have expected to pay at Ricky's.  I hurried in & out & expeditiously got what I needed, but I noticed a comprehensive array of pasties, crotchless knickers, schoolgirl outfits and the like.    They're on the worldwide web at empireexotics.com for discreet shoppers.
<review# 1175,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/12/2005,12/23/2005,1632,440,1,4,>The Food:* hot n sour was awesome* dumplings were good* chicken was squishy, not super good fatty. Service:* impersonal and didn't seem to careDecent place and was warm, so compared to eating outside this place was pretty good :). Service wasn't that hot. but the food did come in the end. The dishes came out totally staggered which I wasn't super psyched about.
<review# 1176,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2005,12/22/2005,99,304,12,7,7>A no-frills steakhouse that opened in 1887, Peter Luger is not the place for elegant atmosphere (the dining rooms, with their exposed beams and worn wooden furniture, actually feature sawdust-covered floors) or...well, even courtesy from the wait staff. It is also the best reason to journey to Brooklyn. Menus are not provided; one diner in my party was given a withering look and told, "No menu--you eat STEAK." And steak it is--hand-picked, dry-aged, butter-coated porterhouse steaks, which arrive on insanely hot platters. If you comment that the steak is too rare, the waiter will advise you to continue cooking it on the side of the platter.Starters feature amazing, thickly cut slabs of tomato covered in Peter Luger's own steak sauce; creamed spinach; and double-thick bacon. Patrons really don't get a choice about eating--when the spinach was served, I attempted to refuse, but was told, "Spinach is good--you eat," as it hurtled down to my plate. And, dammit, it WAS good. Dessert consists of chocolate mousse pie and New York-style cheesecake, both of which come with a giant bowl of whipped cream. Along with the coffee, one of my hapless co-diners timidly asked for milk. She was given another dirty look as the waiter scooped up a huge spoonful of the whipped cream and piled it on top of her coffee. The waiter's attitude was hilarious--possibly all the more funny to us because we actually think he was serious--and the food was by far the best around. Note: Peter Luger is cash only, so hit the ATM ahead of time.
<review# 1177,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/20/2005,12/21/2005,6,33,1,2,2>the thing i love about chinese restaurants in chinatown is the music. They are caught somewhere between 1977 to 1987. We walked in and were greeted by the man who writes the songs the whole world sings. The place was open ,quiet, and not crowded as is the usual for chinatown restaurants durng the week in daylight. Then the greeting by the opium laced host with a grin that clearly says i have small thai boys for your pleasure! Sit down and sip some lovely tea, uninterrupted. the fried bean curd with veg and the salt and pepper short ribs. both were WOW! delicious! A spicy quality to the bean curd and sensationally tender thin slices of short ribs still on the bone. someone back there has got himself some knife skills! It's easy to get to, and as per usual with chinese food, very inexpensive. The decor, well, let's stick to the music and the food. it's boring but clean and spacious. fast courteous service also typical of chinese restaurants is here. so as they say, when in chinatown eat as the chinese eat!
<review# 1178,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2005,12/20/2005,62,209,,3,2>Beautiful hotel with spacious rooms and a staff who treats you like you are the only guest there. It has a very traditional old world feel without feeling stuffy. Great spa and indoor pool. The top floor bar has a fantastic view as well. AND, Takashimaya is just around the corner.I have a special affinity to this hotel. Firstly, it's the place where my husband and I stayed when we got engaged - still happily married. Secondly, it's where I practically brushed shoulders with Robert Plannt. He was walking in big strides, as I was heading towards the exit. We passed each other, I looked over and ... 1 second... 2 seconds... oh my god, that's Robert Plant. I casually turned and looked back - caught him looking back as well. He winked, smiled and I nearly fell over.
<review# 1179,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2005,12/18/2005,195,1503,6,,>Large store with lots of bargains. Good prices on store brand versions of meds, and on Balance health bars ($1.43 is lowest in NYC that I've found). (CORRECTION: Fairway sells them for 1.19.)Right near the Broadway stop of the N and W lines.(Why is this funny?)
<review# 1180,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2005,12/14/2005,268,549,1,2,3>The classic Rainbow Room.  If you're lucky enough to be invited to an event here, make sure you enjoy one of best views of the city.  Also enjoy all the art deco embellishments of the building and lobby.  If you just want a peek, just come up the elevator and grab a drink, or ask the staff nicely if you can "check it out for a future event."
<review# 1181,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2007,10/31/2007,89,252,18,24,26>I have worked in this business.  It was one of the most rewarding things I ever did.  Like Babeland, formerly Toys in Babeland, my shops catered primarily to women, and furthermore, my shops were located in affluent suburbs of Washington, DC.  If you think it's awkward for an NYC woman to buy a vibrator or a butt plug, try being a senator's wife.  The best thing about sex is that it feels good when you do it.  That said, imagine how sad it is when furthering the "feel good, do it" end is hampered by any one or more than one of the following:+bad lighting+careless or apathetic sales staff, if there are any+leering people of the same or opposite sex+tacky displays+inappropriate merchandising+nobody around who reminds you of YOU+lack of privacy+discomfort with the merchandise+lack of familiarity with the merchandise+dirty surroundingsThen imagine how nice it would be to examine, ask and otherwise familiarize yourself with any product, much less one that is going in, on or around you, all in perfect comfort, in nonjudgemental surroundings, with people who are actually trained, and enthusiastic about the fact that you want to dress up like a dominatrix and whip someone.  Consentually.  It's heaven.  Believe me, being on the sales end is heaven, too.  It's depressing how many people have crappy sex lives when all they need is a little encouragement and support.  Adding some life to people's bedrooms where and when it is needed is nothing short of fulfilling life's work, and I really recommend it if you're looking for a career change.Babeland strives to meet all of their customer's needs.  You can try things out--touch them, taste them, see and smell them.  Handling is encouraged.  It looks like a penis--so what?  Grab on and feel how it vibrates, imagine it in your bedroom and head to the cash register.  No need to be embarrassed.  They know what you're doing with it, and they do it too.  Babeland also offers many classes, lectures and talks on various sex and sexuality-related topics.  Some are a little titillating, but most are informational and informative, and are real gems for those people looking to become more knowledgeable about some of the more outre pastimes people pursue in private.  The most important thing to take away from your visit here is to remember that you're NOT the only person in the world who wants to do **insert kinky or benign sex act here**.  If you were, stores like this wouldn't exist, and that little rubber toy you're about to buy wouldn't come in 12 colors, including sparkle and glow in the dark.
<review# 1182,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2007,10/28/2007,236,41,29,18,19>A step by step guide on "How To Kill 45 Minutes While You Wait For The Library To Open"5 minutes:  Log on to Yelp. Get hungry reading new reviews for fancy restaurants.  2 minutes: Look in wallet. Cry.3 minutes: Choose a cheap lunch place that's been in your Bookmarks so long you can't remember why it's there.  In my case, Bite.  15 minutes: Stroll over to the 3rd Ave subway station. Pause to admire the tourists, nyu students, nyc crazies, and taxi cabs running red lights.5 minutes: Find a small , plain awning with the word "Bite" on it. Spend at least 5 minutes deliberating over the impressive range of food on menu.  Enter the restaurant. 30 seconds: Eye-molest the guy behind the counter.4 minutes: Order the Middle Eastern Mushroom Sandwich- spicy if you're obsessed like me (don't bother sitting down, the service is remarkably fast.)  Pay.30 seconds: Fantasize about the guy behind the counter rubbing hot sauce on himself. Mmmmm...1 minute: Step outside, rip off the foil, and take a bite.  Realize that the guy in your fantasies has now been replaced by a sandwich.9 minutes: Walk to the library and continue eating, despite the hummus leaking onto your fingers, goat cheese smudges on your cheeks, assorted greens sticking in your teeth, and the trail of sauteed mushroom behind you from when they fell out of the ciabatta bread and on to the street.  Stubbornly ignore your raging thirst until the sandwich is done.Congratulations! You have arrived at your destination.  You are now the smelliest, happiest person in the east village. And perfectly on time.
<review# 1183,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2007,10/27/2007,157,490,27,25,28>I have always been fascinated by memory. Selective retention and recall never cease to amaze me. I continue to marvel at the fact that even after spending 4+ years studying science, my sister may not be able to recall much more than the chemical formula for water, but will be able to identify with utmost clarity and precision the color, design, cut, fabric and texture of a dress worn in July 1987 by a neighbor's niece visiting from out of town and attending a birthday party for another neighbor!Same goes for Ahmed, the friendly co-proprietor of the Halal Food Cart (HFC). I have gone to his cart for months, fortunate that MOMA and HFC are both only a few hundred yards from work. There was even a stretch of 4 weeks, where I was there EVERY single day for lunch (I know, I am like that!). The only change in my order was to substitute 'Chicken over Pita' with 'Combo over Rice'. The routine was sooo predictable:Ahmed: Yes boss, what will you have?Me: Chicken over Pita (or Combo over Rice)Ahmed: Hot sauce? White sauce? (they also have BBQ sauce)Me: Only hot sauceAhmed (joking): Hot guy, huh?Me: Hah!Ahmed: Any drinks with that?Me: No, thanks.Ahmed (after a couple of minutes): Here you go, boss?Me: (I simply hand him the money, knowing the cost by now) Enjoy your day!Every single working day for a whole month! (Even the joke!)Obviously, after a while I decide to explore other options (I know, I give a lot of thought to lunch!) - and switch over to House of Pita for a falafel sandwich...So, when I visit HFC after a month or so (talk about behavioral patterns), Ahmed doesn't recollect who I am. As I am about to pay, I see a bulb flash in his eyes. While counting the money, he turns around and says: Long time, boss?Me: Yes. You remembered! Even though you have thousands of customers!Ahmed: How could I forget you? Remember the girl with the glasses?Me: Yes (on one of those 20 occasions, he had tried to flirt with a (hot) girl standing ahead of me)Ahmed: See, I remember everything.Me: I can see that! I came here every single day for a whole month. With the same order. You didn't remember "only hot sauce", but you remembered the hot girl standing in front of me! Once!We both laugh.So, yes. Memory is a funny thing. HFC (see I am subtly conditioning you'll to remember this name, over KFC!) is one of the best value for money meals you can find in the city. $5 goes a long way. But, don't go expecting a gourmet meal, it is street food, after all. You will however find: good food (juicy meat), entertainment and the opportunity to make friends while waiting in line (which often runs 20 deep at midnight - for the evening shift!).Such is HFC's reputation by now ("It has its own website!") that all sorts of people walk up to stand in line. On a good day you will hear a "clueless foodie" (obviously a transplant from the land of the golden gate) joke about the name to a friend. "Dude, what does 'Halal' mean?" Friend: "Don't know, must be a take on hola... or something like that?" yeah, yeah....have some ice cream.[Written to re-assure Scott R., knowledgeable foodie and author of ~300 discerning reviews covering extremely diverse cuisines - from hamburgers to international, that I can yelp beyond dessert - well, occasionally :-)) ]Update (06/29): Scott was also quick to remind me (fittingly for a memory themed review) that I had written up the 'B-team'. That is a fact. In a further twist to the already thrilling saga of the food cart at 53rd and 6th, not too many are aware that a separate team ("The Real 53rd and 6th") functions after 7:30 pm. They are now distinctively dressed in yellow T-shirts that say (among other things): We are Different. The evening shift is mechanically more efficient, and perhaps the "real deal" to their legions of intoxicated devotees, but I actually like the afternoon shift for the lamb (more well done) and the character of the personalities. In any case, I think that there is little to separate any of the Halal food carts that abound nearby. However, I do concede that the evening shift is absolutely unmatched in one thing - You guessed it: the white sauce! (Re: their hot sauce, as Julie K notes, it needs an accompanying fire hose. My advice to unsuspecting newbies: skip it)
<review# 1184,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2007,10/26/2007,175,336,7,10,8>This just proves why I love and am obsessed with Top Chef... b/c the show provides chefs like Harold Dieterle (winner of season 1) with the opportunity to share his cooking talent with ppl like us, and not just with Padma and Tom Colicchio.  I'm so impressed with most of the contestants on that show and Perilla is probably not going to be the only hit restaurant to come out of that show.  OK... enough of a plug on the show.  On to the restaurant review itself...I went to Perilla for my b-day dinner recently and had a fabulous meal.    The appetizers were very impressive.  The four of us shared 3 different dishes and I loved all 3:- Raw yellowtail w/ cucumber salad, cilantro, tomato water & yuzu: very fresh yellowtail and a refreshing, slightly tangy / tart dressing - Crispy Berkshire pork w/ mushrooms: so delicious... esp the crispy parts- Spicy duck meatballs w/ yam gnocchi and topped w/ a raw quail egg: super good, love the bit of kick / spice in this dish... i'd say this is a must-have at PerillaI'd go back in a heartbeat for just these appetizers.  But let's move on to main entrees.  Here's what I got to try:- Grilled Colorado lamb w/ a parsnip mousse, red chard & tiny little onions: i should've gotten this medium-rare instead of medium but it was still super juicy and very nicely prepared... all the ingredients went so well together, even the parsnip mousse which i didn't think i'd care for- Roasted organic Chicken w/ asparagus, hazelnuts & apricot puree: very good for chicken but nothing I'd highly recommend, though my friend loved it- Whole grilled branzino: very simple preparation but a solid fish dish... huge portion; would recommend for 2 ppl to share with a side (i.e. farro risotto)We also had an awesome bottle of shiraz with our meal that we all really enjoyed.  Wish i could remember the name!  The desserts were pretty good (incl the delicious little oatmeal raisin cookies that came w/ our check) but not super memorable.  But I think that had alot to do w/ the fact that I was really full and not really paying too much attention to the few bites of dessert I had.The only minor complaints that I was thinking about taking away a star for was the slowed down service towards the end of our meal and the somewhat insipid interior.  Don't get me wrong, the place is designed well and I like the narrow dining layout and love the round banquette tables nested in the booths lining one side of the wall.  But overall, it wasn't anything all that impressive.  However, I am not subtracting any stars since the focus here is on the food.  After all, Harold D is a chef (a "Top Chef", no less!), not an interior designer... hmm, maybe next season's Top Chef winner should hook up with the winner of Top Design, and waiter outfits can be designed by the winner of Project Runway!  Ha!  Alright... can someone hire me at Bravo already!
<review# 1185,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2007,10/24/2007,309,652,44,24,23>I have to confess... I've been living in NYC for a year and had never walked into Barneys. And I'm gay... no really!This had to be remedied, so I went with Yosh this afternoon during our auction date. Wow. I think I had about 100 erections and 10 orgasms in the 45 minutes that I spent in there. I also had about just as many heart attacks after looking at the price tags (most of which involved four digits on the Prada and Gucci floor). I was about to buy this beautiful Theory winter coat (which wasn't exactly justified considering it's 90 degrees outside), until I realized it would cost about one month's rent. Next time. Maybe. Hopefully. So I had to settle for a "cheap" Jack Spade man purse ($125), which was probably the cheapest item in the store (except for a few $100 t-shirts here and there). Oh... and what's up with 95% of the clientele being flaming gay guys?
<review# 1186,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2007,10/23/2007,43,49,7,18,14>Monday I decided i needed to rent a car on Wednesday and also on Fri/Sat.  Being Memorial Day Weekend and on such short notice, my expectations for finding a rental at a reasonable rate was pretty low.  I have been working on some artwork lately that requires the use of a car pretty often and a few people suggested Zipcar.  My constant wanderlust and growing impatience with New York convinced me that Zipcar might be the right idea. Signing up was easy easy easy.  The online form takes just a few minutes to fill out, and I got approved (they check your driving history) within 24 hours.  Picked up my Zipcard on Tuesday and logged onto the site to make a reservation, nervous that I wouldn't be able to get a car.  Not a problem!  Many cars available at different times.  I booked 2 Mini Coopers, for Wed and one for Friday-Saturday with no problems.  This morning I went to pick up the car and again- no problems.  The car (like most Zipcars in NYC, i think) was in a parking garage.  No forms to fill out, nothing to sign, no exchanging of anything, it was super easy.  I felt like i was stealing something.  I ran my errands, took a long pleasant whiff of freshly cut grass out in the suburbs, and dropped the car back off at the parking garage with the same amount of ease.  Wow, how could anything in this city be so easy?!  I'm looking forward to Friday.  The only downside-- it was TOO easy.  I can see all of my paychecks going towards Zipcars just so that i can breathe some fresh air and get out of this damn city!   They even allow pets so my pup can come with me too!!
<review# 1187,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/4/2006,10/22/2007,98,60,37,13,13>I took my wife here for a romantic shouting.This is the second location of Wolfgang's, in Tribeca. I've never been to the first on Park so I can't compare the decibel levels or food and ambiance. I can say with authority that the restaurant is very Peter Luger-esque with nicer tables and chairs and more cupping your ear, saying "Huh? What? Sorry?" You will have to shout at your wife, even if you love her, for it is noisy here.The service was excellent. I even yelled that to my wife. The table was cleared rapidly, drinks were refilled and the kitchen was perfectly timed. No complaints there. I'd bellow my compliments to the management.My biggest disappointment was that the $76 two-person porterhouse had too much gristle. I don't think that should happen. My wife yelled back that she agreed with me.The oysters on the half-shell were good. Oysters are tasty, phlegm-like things that I repeatedly question the appeal of. The Wolfgang salad was tasty enough that my wife hollered at me to ask if I wanted to try it. The steak fries and creamed spinach sides were delicious, I screamed.Despite 17 years of drinking, I was so tipsy after two martinis that I went home and made my toddler son dance with me to Lou Bega's "Mambo Number Five."This is a good steakhouse, but it's a shout factory. If you go here on a first date you will murder the relationship before it's had a chance. But if you're eight lawyers who want to shout the hell out of each other about some frivolous lawsuit you recently filed, make a reservation.
<review# 1188,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2007,10/20/2007,104,216,17,15,17>So I wandered into Ed's Lobster Bar on Saturday, alone, and got a seat at the bar. The decor is not as campy (no pun intended) as Mary's, less rustic than Pearl... sort what would happen if a Restoration Hardware bathroom truck ran into Ed's storefront going 70mph and neatly arrayed white tile and chrome fixtures everywhere. The majority of the seating is at a long bar which was staffed by 60mph moving, ridiculously friendly people. But to the business end... The lobster roll was very buttery, but had the golden ratio of lobster : mayonnaise (which in my mind is about 892 : 1). The fries were a bit thicker than the two aforementioned institutions, but crispy throughout and well salted. The pickles were a little surprising. They were crinkle cut like Ruffle's potato chips and had a brownish hue (which in NYC I generally associate with the East River) and yet had this delicious vinegar and peppercorn mix on them. Oh and did I mention that I was sitting next to Danny Meyer (yeah... Union Square Cafe, Gramercy Tavern and 11 Madison Park Danny Meyer) and he liked it too. So I could give you my opinion (well I think I just did) but who cares what I think? Danny Meyer liked it.
<review# 1189,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2007,10/19/2007,61,63,15,15,15>Go to Bamiyan.Get the Kadu appetizer.Trust me.You will thank me later.They are pumpkin-filled pastries served with a yogurt dip.I'm pretty sure "Kadu" translates to "crack."  Because I'm ADDICTED!This stuff is TOO delicious.Also, the Hummus is divine, as is the bread (& they will give you more if you ask for it).  Get the hummus fo' sho.As far as entrees go, I feel like the menu here has something for everyone... Basically half the dishes are sweet and half are savory/spicy (be sure to ask for extra spicy if you want it).I wasn't thrilled with the wine last time I went (they only serve one red by the glass... Guess I'll have to try a bottle of something else next time ;)And oh! the decor!  It's just lovely... The door, the cushions, the ceiling, everything.  You can sit at a regular table, but I recommend going for the ones on the floor by the windows.  Eating is just more fun when you're sitting on a giant pillow on the floor.  These tables are also good for playing footsie.And don't forget to try the Kadu!__________________________________UPDATE 6.19.07:  I am adding a 5th star for Bamiyan.  There is literally nothing bad about this restaurant except that red wine by the glass.  Easy fix:  get a bottle and drink more than one glass of wine :)Also, I've been getting (and fulfilling) kadu cravings on a regular basis.  I'm so in love with that damn kadu.
<review# 1190,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2007,10/18/2007,587,67,28,23,27>Founded in 1854, Mcsorley's is New York's oldest bar and because of this its slogan is, "We've been here since before you were born."  Are you kidding me McSorley's?  You've been here since when my ancestors were getting raped and pillaged by fucking Cossacks.  No shit you've been here before I was born.  And you know what McSorley's?  I love you for it.  I love that your walls are crammed with photos and memorabilia from over 150 years of dedicated drinking. I love that your chandelier probably hasn't been dusted since when they use to call WWI "The Great War".  I love how your urinals are weird and old and bigger than some of the apartments in this strange city that you and I both inhabit.  And you know what else I love about you McSorley's?  I love that you only serve two drinks, light beer and dark beer, and that they're both delicious and only cost $2.25 each.  Who cares if it wasn't until 1970 when you begrudgingly let women through your hallowed doors because of some namby-pamby Supreme Court case?  You've had Abe Lincoln, John Lennon and Woody Guthrie hang out at your tables!  Who needs chicks right?   I guess what I'm trying to say Mcsorley's is that you might be the best bar in the world, except for Friday and Saturday nights when your sublime atmosphere gets screwed up by too many guys who's favorite band is Sublime.
<review# 1191,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2012,3/23/2013,3181,1035,18,18,12>The first thing my Chinese dad said when we walked in: "We're never coming back here again".OK, just because a Chinese restaurant has a bunch of white people in it, it doesn't mean it's bad.Once he calmed down and we got seated, and he actually tasted the food, I could tell my dad could appreciate that the food was actually really really good, even though he still didn't want to admit it. He just complained about how there too many tourists, and how they weren't coming around with carts, like he is used to with most traditional Dim Sum places.Complaints from a grouchy old Chinese mad aside though, this place has some really good Dim Sum. We were in a big group, so I got to try to several dishes. The standouts for me were the House Special Roast Pork Bun (huge and delicious for only $1.50, which is not bad for a good pork bun this size in the city) and the Sticky Rice with Chinese Sausage. And of course, you have to end with the delicious, fresh and hot Fried Sesame Balls with Lotus Paste. These were excellent here as well.Though it may not be like your traditional Dim Sum house, I would definitely recommend coming here...as long as you are with some people that can appreciate something a little different. And as long if you get here early if you come on the weekends, because it gets packed.
<review# 1192,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2013,3/22/2013,79,142,,13,5>Bronx Beer Hall is located right in the center of Arthur Avenues Marketplace, alongside the vegetable vendors, a meat market and cigar rollers.  This is a much needed addition to the marketplace and really the neighborhood in general.  The owners have a real commitment to the Bronx, having owned an all Bronx apparel business before taking on this venture.  They've rigged up about six tv's.  Two were running so far but they should have the other ones set soon.The food is coming out of the kitchen of Mike's Deli right next to the bar.  Mike's Deli is incredible so I imagine this will be great.  I was shown some pictures of what will be available and it looks super good and definitely interesting (brains are on there). I've only had some beer so far so I can't yet write a complete review just yet but given the location and the upbeat owners, I feel this will be a great spot.
<review# 1193,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2012,3/21/2013,193,102,5,11,7>Totally love this place!!  I've lost count of how many times I've been here! It's a great place for family, friends or even a date. The food is inexpensive and the portions are more than enough for one person per plate.  On Fridays they have a live musician/band singing Spanish ballads from 10pm to 1am. He's an amazing singer and worth seeing, that's definitely a night to check out Guadalupe. The wait time can get a little crazy here and they do not take reservations  (on a weekend you can wait an hour to be seated). I suggest the churrasco and if you're not driving a Guadalupe margarita (their signature drink).   Parking is tricky in the area, I some times resort to using the under ground lot on Sherman ave and 207th st. *Take it easy on those Guadalupe margarita's!!!     It's their strongest drink !-Thank me later
<review# 1194,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2013,3/20/2013,768,644,10,13,6>The Otheroom is a world-class date spot if I've ever seen one. 1. It's dark as hell, so you can sneak in a little hanky panky if you know what I mean.2. They blast the music, so you actually have an excuse to get right up close to your date's face as you talk to her.Jokes aside though, I think the Otheroom is absolutely awesome for a casual night out (whether you're with friends or a date). They have a very comprehensive and interesting list of craft beers (on tap and in bottles) as well as some solid whites and reds. I was very happy to see the Avery IPA and Allegash White on tap on my most recent visit. The chenin blanc I ordered by the glass was refreshing and good as well, and reasonably priced.While this isn't the swankiest wine bar or even a lounge by any means... couples who I've spotted here (apparently on dates) all seemed to be in the mood to get it on. Hey, maybe it's just something about The Otheroom. Come find out for yourself, if you're feeling like getting lucky.
<review# 1195,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2013,3/18/2013,372,294,12,18,10>The most fashion-forward Nail Art salon I've yet to encounter in the city!  Seriously! And I'm not talking about those tacky designs you get in the chinese joints around the city, or the ones you do with the crackle polishes (though they are cute) or the plain looking french you can get from the nicer salons. Let me help you, this type of nail art:  google.com/search?q=cele…The Rihanna, Katy Perry, Alexis Krauss and the likes nail art.Upon stumbling with the Nail Lounge, I had to get them on board for an event I was working on last year and you can see what "The Fashion Student" had to say - scroll down to the bottom to fall in love: thefashionstudent.com/20…Seeing the nail lounge with 3 starts leads me to believe that the yelp rating system is flawed.  I mean really?!  The nail lounge is awesome!!!  Not only are they great at what they do, the  bar-style set up will make you forget that you are at a nail salon.   Who needs to go get drunk, when you can come here with your girlfriends and get your nails done.Get inspiration from the IG photos:@naillounge and give them a try.  You're welcome.Xoxo
<review# 1196,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2012,3/17/2013,220,168,6,9,8>I come here quite often but usually just for drinks. Don't forget to check in for a free shot! I recently came here with my girlfriend to catch up with and have a few drinks and feel compelled to write a review. We ordered the yogurt soju bottle to share.. One bottle turned to two (mango next).. By then we're pretty tipsy (understatement) and were ready to go, we both had work the next day so we weren't trying to get too crazy. We asked for the check and the bartender offered another free bottle for us. Okay, twist my arm. We went with the lychee soju. By the way, all the flavors are delish. When that was done, he offered more free shots. Cherry cheesecake - YUM. After that, we had to turn the rest down and get our butts home. I was late to work the next morning, oh well.On another note, service has always been great here, good music, the wings are tasty and they have beer towers. What more can you ask for?
<review# 1197,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2012,3/16/2013,202,210,6,8,7>Follow me to a sketchy dark alley on the edge of Chinatown. I will lead you infront of a Chinese restaurant that looks like every single place in that area. Open the doors and you are suddenly inside a dark cozy lair, surrounded by antique looking medicine bottle that line the wall, plush couches and chairs, and a bunch of people in white lab coats fiddling by the bar. Is this some kind of Chinese medicine establishment? An abandoned pharmacy? Well...We are at Apotheke. Yes, its supposed to be an old apothecary hence the name and decor. The interior is really beautiful and sexy but at the same time intriguing. I love the location and entrance to this place, its definitely a speakeasy. You really have to search and hunt for this gem, which is half the fun of going to speakeasies. At first I couldnt even figure out which door I was supposed to go in and thought I had to go through the Chinese restaurant. It's definitely exciting to step through those doors. A very wonderful surprise. The bartenders are dressed in white lab coats and they will hand you a "presciription" list (the menu) with an incredible list of concoctions depending on your "ailment" or I guess mood for the night.All of their cocktails sound amazing and although they are on the pricier side (15 bucks a pop), they are worth every single sip. I chose from the category of "Painkiller" and got the Hecho De Mexico since I have a weakness for spicy drinks. It was tequila, tamarind, lime, agave nectar and habanero sauce for a nice kick. It was delicious. It definitely killed whatever pain I had anywhere! It was tangy and spicy, very well balanced and went down smoothly. The second drink I had came from the "Stress Relievers" section and it was called Bees Knees. Amazeballs!!! Vodka with bee pollen and guava and goji berry with some ginger, it was a party in  my mouth. I could have drank five of them. It sure took all my stress away! So good and dangerous. I am dying to  try everything on their menu. It all sounds so amazing and they really take the time to perfect each drink.On certain nights they have a charming live jazz band and they also now have Prohibition Wednesdays where they have a special menu of really old time drinks like moonshine flights, old timer, sazerac and bathtub gin. made with the freshest fruits and vegetables and fantastic liquor.Apotheke is really special and a place to bring good company where you can really enjoy drinking and good music and have a true speakeasy experience. Its so mysterious that it makes you feel like you are in the know! Show this off to people visiting you out of town or a special date and they will think you are the biggest bad ass in New York City.
<review# 1198,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2012,3/15/2013,385,701,11,24,13>VERY UNASSUMING place. WHAT A GEM!Their boiled dumplings are AMAZING. I gotta go back I have a craving for it NOW!I prefer the boiled dumplings at Shu Jiao over the fried varieties.This place make a better dumpling than most that I tried on Dumpling Row. $3 will buy you a large order of these delicious boiled dumplings. Dont be intimidated. There is a English menu on the wall. And don't look at the decor.....there is none but who cares. I've also tried their sesame wheat noodles. Yum. FYI, no gratuity needed here because there is no table service.It's not the nicest place to look at but I love the dumplings anyways. No nonsense here, just dumplingsI just checked their Yelp page and I am so happy to see others trying it now. When I first went to Shu Jiao there were less than 5 reviews! For anyone who read this thanks for reading and I hope you enjoyed these dumplings as much as I do. I truly believe that Shu Jiao has some of the best boiled dumplings in Chinatown....Godmother of Chinatown has spoken.....
<review# 1199,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2012,3/14/2013,190,118,12,23,11>Avenue is one of my favorite places in New York to go out to. It is nicely styled with chandeliers and 'vintage' art works on the walls, beautiful lighting and good ambiance. Expect to listen to house, hip-hop and Top 40.  I have many good memories of nights at Avenue. The crowd is mostly in their 20's. Good looking people, models and celebrities appear to like Avenue as well. Good boy/girl ratio. Not having a table is kind of difficult here when you are with a group. The place is set up with tables left and right, and a relatively narrow 'avenue' (get it?!)  in the middle that leads to a small bar area. You can sort of dance at your table, in the lane and near the bar, but: This is not a 'disco'. Don't expect an actual dance floor. You won't find it. You can also go upstairs. They play different music there. Avenue is posh, swanky and might be hard to get in at times, depending on which day and more importantly what time you go. I mean... Yes... SERIOUSLY:.... What are some of these reviewers thinking when they show up at 12.30 without any table reservations or connections on a weekend night with a bunch of friends, and refusing to get a table? Don't show up so late please if you don't know anybody there. Be there an hour earlier. It helps. A lot. Let me explain one thing here, because some people here need a reality check. PLEASE stop whining about people at the door being rude or say that they are ....holes.  Welcome to the top 10 of New York's hottest clubs. Do you think that I have never had to deal with any of this? The guys being the way they are at the door is something that happens pretty much when you go to ANY of Manhattan's top 10 most popular clubs. Go to a B-list club if your ego can't handle it. I'm not condoning rudeness here. However please realize and accept that this is at times the reality you have to deal with when you try to get into the most popular clubs in Manhattan. Even somebody as sweet/special/smart/rich/beautiful/well dressed/important as you might have a hard time sometimes. Yup. Avenue's doorman Wass Stevens gave the following advice in W Magazine:"Be yourself, be honest, be nice. Don't try to be something you're not, but try to be a better version of yourself. And know walking up that your chances are slim at best. That way, if you make it past the rope, it's a pleasant surprise. If you don't, you just regroup and go on with your evening." My tips: Keep groups small, ( up to 4 people) unless if you plan to get a table anyway. Have more girls than guys or at the least an equal amount if possible. Arrive early. Avoid screaming things like "Do you know who I am???".
<review# 1200,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2012,3/13/2013,1806,1048,8,16,10>3 michelin star given to Chef Jean-GeorgesMy first 3 star michelin rated restaurant.. What more can I say? Of course, I don't have much to compare to but it definitely did not disappoint me one bit.  The lunch deal at this 3 star rated restaurant is beyond out of this world.  If you can't afford dinner here yet, lunch is definitely a great alternative to experience what the differences are in michelin star rated restaurants. 2 course prix fixe menu $38. This will definitely fill you up for a lunch. Trust me.++ Amuse Bouche- 3 tastes of summer: fried sushi topped with salmon belly, fried okra in black sesame sauce, and salmon puree soup.  These were delicious and flavorful, each in their owns ways.  Great start to a great meal. 1. Hamachi Sashimi- topped with avocado sauce and radish.  Eat them all together in one and voila, it was heavenly pieces, melting in your mouth.2. Wagyu Beef- medium rare in butter sauce with butternut squash.  The beef was well prepared and a very reasonable size.  This was an additional $10ish I believe. 3. Late Harvest Season- I wasn't too impressed with this dessert.  It had peach compost with jelly, and marinated figs.  I forgot what else it came with.. but the flavors were a bit too much for me.4. Macaroons, Chocolates, & homemade vanilla bean marshmallows- so many to choose from since they provided you complimentary goodies. 4 different types of chocolates included with everything else!I also got to try the sea bass and yellowtail tuna... these were AMAZING.. Jean-Georges is amazing with his sauces and ingredients.  Even if it may just be a slice of fish, his whole entire dish makes up for it.  He is full of flavor (but not too overpowering) and I love it.Venue screams out classy and sophisticated. I love the brightness to the formal dining room with its high windows and ceilings.  Service was almost impeccable even though I thought they slowed down a bit too much towards the end.  Very caring and polite to your needs. I will DEFINITELY come back again!!!
<review# 1201,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2010,2/15/2011,2396,639,11,12,13>This Williamsburg gem is quite interesting.  On a friday night you can get a mix of throwbacks from the DJ that go all the way back to the 60s at times.  There is a nice vibe and sometimes its crowded.The drinks are slightly pricey, especially for Williamsburg, but not for NY in general.  I don't think I saw anything over $15.  That being the case, the drinks are actual designer cocktails that are carefully made and blended, not well mixed drinks.  Over $10 in Brooklyn for a vodka cran would shock the mind.  For a Jalapeno infused tequila cocktail, with some peppers in it, that has my attention.  And it was good.  Commonsensical tip, they are good bartenders and what they sell isnt limited to the drink menu.  I once went in and they made some drinks with eggs and it was actually good.  It was a spin on a classic.I have been there several times with friends and each time we found a nice vibe and decent drinks.  There is some crazy people watching to be had.This place is pretty mainstream and if hipsters leave you with a pencil in your pocket, well make sure you bring your sharpener, cause you are gonna have a lot to write about.
<review# 1202,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2010,2/14/2011,404,259,16,29,24>What do you do when you've been slinging drinks in the New York Cocktail scene for over 10 years? What's next when you're tired of making proper Manhattan's, Negroni and other assorted classics in prohibition themed bars? What can a new cocktail bar do to separate itself in the most saturated 5 square miles of drinking nirvana on planet earth?Richie Boccato and Giuseppe Gonzales (of Dutch Kills, Clover Club , Little Branch, M&H etc) have just answered those questions. New York may have Tiki bars, but not like this. This is classic 70's Tiki Bar meets 80's LES New York (complete with Graffiti). This is bringing high end execution of classic Tiki drinks, and showing New York what they should be. This is showing you a Mai Tai is not that sweet thing that made you sick on that beach that one time. This is about taking a good drink less seriously.One night here and you will never doubt Tiki again. When it's hot out, this is your short term, fantasy island (ze plane! ze plane!) right here at home. It's on the list, and high up on it...yelp.com/list/best-cockt…
<review# 1203,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2010,2/13/2011,281,281,22,28,29>I've heard the tales, let's face it men talk , but I maintain my swagger, confident I can handle the heat.  "I'm a Man" I exclaim along with Muddy Waters playing in the background. It starts off pleasantly enough, impressive but I ain't no boy , I can handle it. Then comes the sweats as my pores open up, the clearing of my  unsick sinuses, and .... are my lips getting numb ?  Never one to back down I roll and tumble on until I notice the tears streaming down my cheeks. I give in realizing I can't do this in public, I need to be alone, in private to ravagemy fried chicken.Not just any fried chicken but possibly my favorite fried chicken, Peaches HotHouse's take on Nashville hot chicken. Yes it's hot, but it's no one trick pony. It's also delicious, not greasy, quite juicy and the spice goes beyond the skin down to the bone. The mild may lose some heat but none of the flavor.$12 for 3 healthy sized pieces and 1 side are hard to resist.So hard that once after a excellent brunch of ($7.50) oyster po' boy  (not NOLA quality but still good) and sweet potato fries I got envious of the people around me eating chicken that I got an order to take home, for some quality alone time.I consider this a southern-influenced as opposed to traditional southern restaurant. The difference being you won't see potato salad, turkey wings or smothered pork chops on the menu. You will see bacon topping fried green tomatoes and sweet corn and black eye peas salad.While the chicken is the star,  Peaches HotHouse really excels at  being a great restaurant. From the egg scrambles at brunch, to drinks served in mason jars, to the  blues soundtrack ( Taj Mahal, Muddy Waters etc) and pretty affordable prices  it's a near perfect , southern influenced dining spot.
<review# 1204,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2010,2/12/2011,173,288,13,23,19>Unpretentious and simply awesome. I hate dressing up - wearing heels and skirts in the snow? Hell no! That being said, Sasabune is a place where you can get fresh and elegant sushi without the formalities. It has a casual and down-to-earth atmosphere. Albeit it is a little small, they make due with what they have.I had the daily special: "Trust Me." Below is a list of some of the notable pieces I had. The TWO STARS of the show:Tuna and Toro (tuna from the belly) - After diving into this set, I became speechless. My friend,, concerned, asked what was wrong and well, I was overwhelmed. I was literally streaming tears of joy. I needed a moment to myself to collect myself to savor every grain of rice, every part of the fish.THAT is how good it was, and I don't know if I can ever be as happy ever again. (Unless of course, I get it again.) Blue Crab Handroll: This is a simple, cylindrical handroll that is packed with rice and hearty chunks of delicious, fresh, 100% crab. It is not to be taken lightly. The quality of this piece is quite high and deserves its place in the omakase order - saving the best for last. Honorable Mentions:Octopus, Abalone, Orange Clam - My friend's mother thought the abalone was amazing. My friend thought the orange clam was delicious. I thought the firmness of the octopus was the most notable. Chances are, you too, will find some serendipity in this plate. Salmon with Kelp - Fresh and distinguished, dressed with a rectangular piece of kelp and sesame seeds. Most of his sushi is presented with simple elegance, that is minimal garnishes and sauce. I like this because it doesn't distract you from the experience of the fish. Yellow tail Belly - Yellow tail, traditionally very firm, shows its soft side here. From the belly of the fish, it is transformed into a buttery masterpiece. Orange Clam, Giant Clam, Scallop - Beware of the clams! My sinuses were immediately cleared after stuffing each in my mouth. The spicy surprise definitely jarred me awake. Scallops were fresh, soft, and delicious! Total Damage was $275 for 2  including tax and tip. Your price may vary since they cut you off when you are full. We didn't order any additional items and I think we got full a dish or two before their regular omakase. We also did not order any beverages. Cry. I wish I was a cow with four stomachs so I could eat more! Conclusively, come here, get happy!
<review# 1205,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2010,2/10/2011,142,211,10,18,14>Who knew such a cuisine existed?Qingdao food doesn't fit neatly into the four main schools of Chinese cooking. It's not really spicy like Sichuan or Hunan food. Naw, well maybe except for the Qingdao chilled noodles with vinegar, garlic and a secret kick of chili. And its not really sweet like Cantonese food. Well, except for the stewed tofu with mushrooms. It's not terribly sour, except that everything seems to have a cut of vinegar offsetting any taste of soy sauce. And it's not supposed to be that salty, although the abundance of pickling seems to contradict.M&T Restaurant serves up a unique/bizarre mix of regional Chinese food, and the experience is definitely one to be had. All of the dishes were super weird and super good. Case in point: chilled fatty pork with vinegar, garlic and ginger sprinkled on top. Sounds weird, but imagine the saltiness of the pork, melting with the fatty bits, all cut by the acidity and kick of the vinegar/garlic. Perhaps one of my favorite dishes.The Qingdao noodles (or "pasta" as listed on the foreigner-friendly picture menu on the wall) were chilled and opaque, served in a vinegary brine, with a very neutral and refreshing taste. I was told by my Chinese friend and dining partner that seaweed was used in some form to season the dish. It tasted as fresh as a walk by the beach (Qingdao is by the ocean after all). Only con was that the vinegar and raw garlic was a bit overpowering for me (and my breath still reaks because of it).Dried tofu with Qingdao mushrooms were simple but had a real "tebie weidao" or particular flavor as they say in Mandarin. The featured mushrooms are rare in the States and when combined with a bit of soy sauce and oil, they bring out an amazing woody flavor.Sauteed squid with jiucai (garlic shoots) marked a land-meets-water dish. The garlic shoots were woody, almost as if they had been freshly picked from some Flushing garden (doubtful!), while the little squids were so soft and tender that one could discern little hints of their salt water origins.The pickled starters sound boring but were actually an amazing accompaniment -- particularly when paired with a tall bottle of Qingdao beer. Light, refreshing beer combined with pickled celery and peanuts, generous crunchy bits of lotus roots, and strips of cucumber. Perfect to pick at.I am a fan of M & T, despite my fear that all of the blog coverage will spoil it. Go now while you can. [To be fair, I do read blogs, so I shouldn't knock them. In fact, I wouldn't have known about M & T if I didn't stalk Jeff O's blog and read Judy K's reviews. Thanks guys! You've done it again.]A few logistical tips: come with a big group so you can sample all of the odd dishes. Other things I would have liked to try include the spicy lamb with cumin (Xinjiang style) and the pork face and cucumber salad. Oh well, perhaps next time.Also, beware that it is a schlep from the Flushing-Main St subway. But the walk is worth it.The food also screams summer time food, with all the crunchy texture, chilled preparations, and fresh ingredients. Go on a warm night, and thank me later.
<review# 1206,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2011,2/9/2011,1379,2327,12,17,19>Mmmmm.....Bar B Que!My mind was awash in primal fear as it was nearing 3:00 and I still had not eaten lunch. Getting light headed. Need to feed the machine. What to do? Where to go? So I walked down a few blocks from my office and decided to go for some tasty BBQ.Since I had to go back to work I did not want to slip into a meat coma. Alas, a big ribs and beer lunch was out of the question, so I decided to go for a simple sandwich. I went with the lean beef brisket on a soft brioche bun. Came with pickles and a sesame vinegar based cole slaw. Slathered on some of their sweet BBQ sauce and joy was had. It was delicious.The perfect amount to eat for lunch, and washed it down with some iced tea.Service was spot on (probably because I was one of the few eating at this time) but it always has been whatever time of day or night I have been here. Great bar area that gets very lively later in the evening. They also have a nice little beer selection, and a good amount wines and whiskeys too. Good spot to meet for after work drinks. Try the warm BBQ potato chips - addicting!
<review# 1207,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2011,2/8/2011,1319,184,12,27,16>I believe that all Yelping should be done on appropriate scales. And by that I mean that not all fancy restaurants get five stars and not all fast food joints get one star. Instead, assessments should be made while keeping in mind that you get what you pay for. And that is why Synergy gets four stars from me. It's simply not fair to compare this fitness club to Equinox or the Health and Racquet Club. They exist in totally different spectrums of the fitness world. In fact, Synergy isn't even trying to compete with them. Instead, it's going after people like me -- people who want to stay fit but don't care that much about spacious locker rooms and the latest, most modern equipment. And most importantly, they're going after people who don't want to spend a lot of money on a gym. For us, Synergy is great. A short walk from my place, Synergy provides me with enough cardio options so that I don't have to wait, enough equipment to keep my body in peak condition (I'm a MACHINE!), and enough cash left over in my pocket to replace those burned calories with burgers and beers. After all, it's only $39 a month! All of the employees I have encountered have been plenty friendly, though I'm sure part of that was an attempt to get me to transfer my trial membership into a permanent one. But they weren't overly pushy about it. Yes, the place is small. No, they do not offer classes. And it's true that the locker rooms are tiny and some of the machines are held together by duct tape or are kinda dirty. But so what? This is the dive bar of gyms, so either embrace it for what it is or go join a nicer club. The End.
<review# 1208,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2010,2/7/2011,243,374,14,21,22>It was a truly delightful experience at Marissa Alperin Studio. Marissa was so pleasant to work with and I can't stop looking at my ring!We took the rock (aka my bling-bling) to her charming tucked away studio after yelping around for a jeweler. I was growing weary of trying design after design of ring settings that did not inspire me enough to say "ohhh my precious" a la LOTR. Then, I met Marissa.She was featured a few months ago on WWD and in addition, she is a sweet heart (she gave me a hug to congratulate me on my engagement!). Marissa was very easy to talk to, she was open to suggestions, design customizations (metals and stones or you can bring your own designs) and offered expert feedback. In general, Marissa's beautiful jewelries would look great whether you dress up or down. I highly recommend her. We'll be back when its time for our wedding bands.p.s. Would be good to give her a call or shoot an email before stopping by her store.
<review# 1209,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2010,2/6/2011,732,444,21,25,23>Things you need to know before enjoying this gustatory, visual, and visceral experience:1. Reservations are incredibly difficult to get. I called in advance on at least 4 occasions and there was no availability at any reasonable times (only options were before 6pm or after 10pm). Know how I scored...? I made a reservation thorough Yelp's link on the Il Buco review site. HUZZAH!!!!2. There are only 4-5 tables for two people, if that. Even if you request them, there's no guarantee you'll get them. So you kinda have to be okay with dining very close to strangers at a long table for six.3. Do not bother with the on-line menu. This special restaurant has a beautiful menu that changes daily. Everything changes - the appetizers, the pasta dishes, the main courses, everything. 4. Look up. The light fixtures are works of art, every one of them. My favorite is the bronze lamp consisting of 3 teapots, each pouring out light. And look around. Wooden bookshelves are stocked with bottles of olive oil and sea salt. I challenge you to find the painting of an old man sticking his tongue out at you. It's quite amusing.5. This is NOT the place to be on a diet!!!! Order something fabulous - smoked prosciutto lasagna, a steak unlike any you've ever had, unheard ingredient combinations that will have you wriggling in your seat in anticipation. This is also not the place to be thrifty - do it up, and do it right!!6. Confer with the sommelier. Do not trust your lovely date who thinks he's ordering a fancy bottle of red (because "he knows wines") only to discover that he accidentally selected a white wine. Delicious - one of the best wines I've ever had, actually - but he would've had his red had he actually asked. But who's complaining???? Not I... I'm still in my Happy Food Place.
<review# 1210,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2010,2/5/2011,366,339,18,24,23>Alright, one asian dude, and three cute asian girls all recommended these soup dumplings to me (I know, I should expand my circle of friends). All within the time frame of a week. The situation was dire. I needed to pay these dumpling ladies a visit. And so, I did.I was on a mission. Mission objectives were clear & concise, I was to extract most scrumptuos soup dumplings from the hands of the hostile (yet ingenius) soup dumpling ladies. Drop off site, the warm and inviting confines of my mouth.Boy does this place get crowded on weekends. This place was packed with lines rolling out the door. I got pushed and poked around by old folks, strollers, and everything in between. It was all worth it though.I enjoyed my dumplings courtside at the nearby park as onlookers stared at me in pure envy. And, to add insult to injury, every so often, I'd throw an arrogant smirk or smile their way. Yeah man, I was in soup dumpling heaven, and I wanted everybody to know.Now, one cannot talk about soup dumplings and not mention Joe's Shanghai. I ordered the crab flavor soup dumplings. The skin is pretty thin, so you have to be careful; two of them broke on me. The meat filling tastes softer, and fresher than Joe's. But, I thought the flavor was slightly sub par when compared to Joe's. I'll have to go back to try their standard pork soup dumplings as well as some other dishes.As punishment for my post-breakfast, but pre-lunch dumpling snack, I walked myself home (3 miles). Unfortunately, temptation levels were high, and my immunity level was low, so I stopped off on my route (along Roosevelt Ave) for some light snacks. Sigh...
<review# 1211,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2012,8/13/2012,311,812,5,9,10>This review is for Bettibar:After we went to B. Smith's for his birthday dinner, my boyfriend told me he wanted to take me to a speakeasy across the street.  I wasn't sure what to expect and was surprised that there would be such a place on Restaurant Row, but sure enough, an older man sitting outside told us to walk up a flight of stairs which led us to our destination.It was dimly lit and felt somewhat clandestine despite the fact that the chances of the place getting raided by the police are pretty slim in this day and age.  The happy hour special of a beer in a brown bag and a shot cracked me up, and I love how committed Bettibar is to its theme.  The atmosphere was very sexy and I loved it.  The other patrons seemed to be theater people but being there, I forgot that I was mere feet away from the hustle and bustle of Times Square.  Bettibar is a gem and I hope to be back soon.
<review# 1212,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2012,8/12/2012,75,67,2,9,8>On an otherwise quaint, quiet residential block, we at first walk right past it - the exterior is so unassuming that it's easy to miss. Once inside, once we've adjusted to the hushed dimness of this velvet and maroon lounge, it's only a few short moments until we've found a table. You can tell it's a Saturday night but at the same time it's not too crowded, not too loud. She speaks into my ear and I hear her. The music permeates rather than irritates - I almost lose myself to the soundtrack of my youth (when we don't even care, as restless as we are), but am instead struck by the soft light reflected in the depths of her eyes. Leaning towards her, I ask, do you want something to drink? White Russian, she says. It doesn't take long to get the bartender's attention. He's good: efficient, proficient. The price is Upper East Side but ok even for an indebted grad student like myself. We linger only for a little while on this particular evening but the mood induced by a few drinks matched with the perfect ambience means this memorable spring night is not over. We should have come here more often.Seriously though, this place is awesome!
<review# 1213,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2012,8/11/2012,153,348,8,12,6>Yo man. $5 recession special is a still a good deal. BUT. I like their pineapple juice. It's banging. Eff papaya, pineapple is where it's at. So when the sign says "$4.95 special two hot dogs medium drink, (no orange or pineapple)," I think "OK, I will upgrade to the pineapple, because it is my favorite, and I will have two delicious crispy dogs and sweet sweet nectar of the pineapple gods and be a happy happy girl." But instead of the $1, $1.50 up-charge that I am expecting, it's THREE WHOLE DOLLARS more! I mean, what is going on here? I felt totally bamboozled. The prices for everything BUT the special are totally hidden behind the cashier in tiny print amidst the GIANT celeb testimonials, not down by the grill where you order. By time they paralyzed me with total sticker shock, I had no idea what I was really paying for, but I am pretty sure that the cost differential between the normal juice and the pineapple is way less than $3. And what in god's name could even justify such a huge price difference anyway?! I mean, a $3 juice and $2.50 per hot dog would be par for the course at any normal place, but the whole point of Gray's is that you're not paying the usual NYC prices, so I felt sad sad sad. I mean, I still love Gray's and all, but I got a little bit burned on that one.(EDIT: Yes, it's like, $1.60 for a normal drink and $2.90 for a pineapple, so I was majorly ripped off. They should make you pay the $1.30 difference, not for each item independently! I feel like I am being penalized for my superior taste in juice!)
<review# 1214,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2012,8/10/2012,219,1009,25,18,16>Favorite place in NYC. Hands down. Done. No words. Speechless. Can't talk. Drooling. Can't stop. Won't stop. If this isn't a gem in this neighborhood (or in NYC), I don't know what is. Beer cheese. Toasty bread, soft cheese, and 2 garlic cloves. Uhh... what do we do with these raw garlic cloves? WE RUB THEM ON OUR BREAD, SON. Ingenious. Just ingenious. Pulled pork taco with scallion pancakes. I never really liked pulled pork, but when it's full of fat and flavor, I'm game. With the crispy scallion pancake on the bottom, it just worked. Cilantro and lime on pork. How perfect can life be? Oh, by the way, they are NOT closed on Thursdays. And yes, I ran home to write this review.***3/9/12 (next day)Damn right I went back the next day. Pork belly sammich with kimchi and fried egg. As good as what I had yesterday. Golden egg yolk sipping into toasty bread and salty pork belly. I never liked kimchi but it added just the right kick to this. I've been spreading the word to strangers I see on the streets and at work. This is serious.
<review# 1215,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2012,8/9/2012,3,19,,18,18>I really like Dr. Rabbin. I had a freckle (I have many) that got crazy all of a sudden, so I went in to see her on short notice. She biopsied and I ended up having to get it removed (solar keritosis).  She went through all my options with me and was very kind - especially because I was so nervous being that it was on the bridge of my nose - smack in the middle of my face. I agree with another review, that she is VERY quick and barely touches or looks at anything. But I don't think this is a downside. I think she sees it and knows what she is doing, very quickly. She sees these things everyday, afterall.I go to this group for almost everything I need and have never had a bad experience.
<review# 1216,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2012,8/8/2012,345,102,7,14,12>Club A Steakhouse attracted us with a Three-Course Steak Dinner for Two on a Living Social deal for $75 (no wine included).  The best thing about the deal was that we can use for more than 4 people in one sitting (not usually available with other deal offers).  This was perfect for our birthday celebration for my BFF with a party of 8.  The only restriction for a Saturday reservation was that we must be dine between 5 - 6:30pm or after 9pm.  It worked out perfectly.  The waiters were very cordial and respectful.  They worked together as a team to provide excellent service.  We can call anyone of them and get results immediately.  We were very happy with the wine list and selections.  I would say handreds of bottles that you can choose from and from different regions.  Superb!The meal was scrupulously delicious.  For appetizer, we ordered Canadian Bacon, Steak Tartare, Caesar Salads.  For entree, we ordered Filet Mignon, Trout, Veal, Hanger steak, Salmon.  For side dishes, we ordered Creamed Spinach, Mac and Cheese, Mash Potatoes.  Of course, I took a bite from everyone/s dish (The chinese way).  For dessert, there were only 2 choices, Tiramisu and Creme Puffs.  Yummy!-----------------------------------------------An immediate follow-up to Club A Steakhouse yelp review and I changed my 4 star to a 5 star rating!    The reason, I received a personalized "Thank you" call from the owner, Bruno, for our business the past Saturday and review on Yelp .  I learned that Bruno's brother owns Nino's restarant.  What a coincident, I have tried the Nino's steakhouse restaurant and enjoyed it as well.  That is what I call "5 star" class A + customer service.  Thank you Bruno!
<review# 1217,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2012,8/7/2012,290,207,5,15,11>I've been living in Harlem for a while now and I must say that Lenox Social is an exceptional addition to the neighborhood.  This place gets four thumbs up.The selection of drinks and extensive bar make for a very happy and long night of drinking here.  Also, the place draws in a very attractive and sophisticated crowd, with out any pretentiousness at all.  You could not ask for better.They spared no expense on the designing the interior of this venue.  It's very rustic and wooden, with a modern vibe, all at once.  Very well done.  You sort of feel like you've been transported to a Log Cabin in Oregon, but while a hot P Diddy video is being shot in it at the same time.They do not yet have a full menu, but from what I have had (cheeseburger finger rolls and the meatloaf burger) I will say that they need to cut back just a bit on the butter and oil added to the food.  Other than that, high quality and tastes great.I'll be updating this review once this place's full menu settles in.  But for now, this place is a "must check out".
<review# 1218,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2012,8/6/2012,444,306,9,10,10>And here I thought I'd have to consign myself to hitting up Starbucks every time I was craving a cake pop. We came upon Stick&Pop completely by accident ... while walking to Pinkberry so Brian could get his dessert fix. I actually tripped and nearly killed myself in oncoming traffic when I locked eyes with the sign and began absentmindedly crossing the street - a shop that ONLY SELLS CAKE POPS?!?!?! Incredible.The two ladies behind the counter were in the midst of trying out a new recipe that would include Pop Rocks (I know, why didn't I think of that?) but were really nice and helpful. I ended up getting four pops, partially because I knew Brian would end up eating some of all of them, but mostly because there were too many options to commit myself to just one.Griswald - Marshmallow and vanilla cake with chocolate pieces, dipped in dark chocolate and covered in crushed graham crackers. Two things ran through my mind as I ate it: What a brilliant way to re-imagine a S'more (one of my all-time favorite snacks) - and - Why do they call it a Griswald? Johnny Cakes - Peanut butter cake dipped in dark chocolate and covered in crushed pretzels. This was a no-brainer for Brian since he's obsessed with all things chocolate-peanut butter. The Lunchbox - Peanut butter cake with raspberry reduction. I felt like I was back in elementary school eating a PB&J sandwich (would have been great with a glass of iced cold milk)Moonpop - Vanilla cheesecake dipped in dark chocolate, topped in Oreo crunches. Very rich and decadent. Good to know: They also cater, and do deliveries on large orders.
<review# 1219,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2012,8/5/2012,240,971,3,10,4>In the pantheon of baked goods, I think cookies have one of the most universal appeals out there.  I think I have yet to meet anyone who doesn't appreciate a good cookie, and good cookies are what Schmackary's is all about!  One of the newer additions to the Hell's Kitchen area, their store front is made up of classic paintings that recall a bygone era when you ate your cookies with milk and didn't worry about the calorie count!I've tried two cookies here so far: the red velvet and the maple bacon.  The red velvet was very tasty and soft, but I found the frosting overwhelmed the cookie a bit.  However, I'm a bit more sensitive to sweet than most so this may just be me.  The maple bacon is my favorite of the two.  It's a fantastic combination of sweet maple flavors with salty, savory and smokey bacon.  The bacon doesn't overwhelm the sweetness (thank goodness) and I'd happily eat this every day if it didn't mean gaining 20 pounds!The staff here is super friendly and willing to answer questions about what's what.  There isn't a lot of room inside to stand, but there are some areas to stand at to enjoy your treat!I know I'll visit Schmackary's again and I'd say they're definitely off to a good start!
<review# 1220,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2012,8/4/2012,38,165,9,16,11>This place looks good, in a traditional Italian way; beautiful but not fancy. Many interesting details to study in every nook and corner. Apparently it's authentically Sicilian; I can't vouch for that, though it feels like many trattorie I've been to in other parts of Italy. It just opened a week ago and still kinda has that new-restaurant smell. Many servers, some still learning the ropes, were roaming the place, giving lots of attention. There were a few moments of confusion, but their friendliness made up for it. I guess their old-fashioned black and white outfits with caps are meant to be a traditional touch, though the managers (?) are in modern Italian suits. Bread was served with authentic Sicilian olive oil, both of high quality. A fresh sardine appetizer ($18) was sublime, butterflied and pan-fried and indeed fresh tasting, and served with a nice salad tossed with fennel and orange segments. I can be kinda squeamish about fishiness, and this didn't have any, though it did have tiny bones that crunched right up easily . The grilled vegetable app ($12) was also good, though nothing show-stopping (ordered this to try and please newly vegetarian child). We tried the pappardelle with pistachio cream, potatoes and green beans ($18), and it was SO comforting. It was really about the perfectly silky fresh noodles and the light, nutty cream sauce. A few al dente chunks of potato and a scattering of bright green beans looked nice in the toss. Also tried the angel hair with sea urchin and bottarga (tuna roe) ($20). I didn't notice the bottarga, but the uni was as light as egg custard, mixing in beautifully with the spicy pasta. We got the $20 Sicilian rosé and it went well with all the dishes and didn't give heartburn to the wallet.Oh yeah, daughter got the pizza with cherry tomatoes ($15). A small was HUGE. Nice crust, kinda sweet from the tomatoes; she loved it.Since the pastas were so good, we decided to try a couple of desserts. That's where our bill (and our calories) really started adding up, but pretty much worth it.A tiramisu was classically perfect, fresh and light. And the tiny chocolate cake with gooey center was spot-on, though I can't say it was Italian in any way. Both tasted like they were made very recently.  I think they were each $10 and a thimble of espresso (literally two sips) was $4.25; authentic in size but not in price. Other miscellaneous observations:Really nice blue-tiled bathrooms. The over-sized white couch in the front would be great for lounging with a Prosecco or some snacks, but I have a feeling it might get replaced with dining tables if this restaurant is successful. Wall projections of Sicily maps and scenes and a sunset constantly being broadcast on a flatscreen TV are corny, but the rest of the decor kinda makes up for it.
<review# 1221,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2008,1/29/2009,2348,322,31,27,27>This place has been there since before I can remember. I grew up in the neighborhood but didn't come here frequently. There was another kosher deli closer to where I lived, but that closed down.Ben's is a relic. A tribute to a time before we cared about being fat, or heart disease, or dying young.  As my grandmother told me "your great-grandfather dug his own grave with a knife and fork". Places like Ben's provide the shovel.I have an aunt who still lives in Forest Hills. I took her here two Saturdays ago for her 98th birthday. As all kosher delis do, they start you out with a plate of pickles and coleslaw. The food here is standard kosher deli chow and we all ordered pretty much the same thing. In front of me was a mountainous sandwich. To be more accurate it was a thin slice of rye with four inches of pastrami, covered with another thin slice of rye. To this I add a swirl of mustard. If you are thinking "mayo would be great on that", please meet me at Port Authority bus station and I will gladly buy you a one-way ticket back to Ohio. The pastrami was excellent. I was actually surprised, expecting it to just be mediocre. It was lean but not dry and tender not rubbery. We also ordered some french fries which were large, but tasty, hunks of fried potato. To wash it down I got my grandfathers favorite, Dr. Brown's Cel-Ray soda. That is a celery flavored soda. No, it's not gross. If you can't deal with that go for the Cream soda.I recommend bringing your own defibrillator in case someone is using the one provided._____
<review# 1222,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2008,1/28/2009,241,290,26,25,24>AAAAAH!!!If my babies come out resembling a chicken wing...OK. This is my new crave. So lick your fingers good! I tried the chicken tenders (I prefer white meat) and found it rather on the dry side although tasty.My hubby shares - thank god...cause I don't :P  So I got to try his soy garlic wings. And I'll reiterate his resounding YES! This is it. This is moist inside, crispy without KFCing the crispy crap out of it on the outside and the flavor is addicting. I MUST include the sides. The cole slaw was THE best fast food slaw I ever had. Not too creamy, touch of salt, and pop of garlic. Happiness. The fries were THE best fast food fries I have ever had. Great potato flavor, not too thin or overfried, perfectly salted, and not too thick either. If this place delivered...my ass, literally would be in BIG trouble. Get it??P.S. It was hot as heeeeell inside this little establishment. It almost managed to make the meal a 3 star!
<review# 1223,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2009,1/26/2009,19,75,13,16,15>I'm conflicted. For about the last 8 years or so I was a scotch guy....ok, I'll admit I would have the occasional Bloody Mary with breakfast, or beer at a BBQ, but for the most part scotch. I love scotch. Scotchy, scotch, scotch. Here it goes down, down into my belly...  And yeah, I've been to a few places known for their cocktails, but that was mostly to impress the lady....I ordered scotch.So in looking for a nice place for L's birthday weekend, I turned to yelp, and PM'ed  a young lady who seemed to have been to almost every cocktail lounge in the city, for her recommendation....and she graciously responded with Flatiron Lounge.I walk in and there is a gaggle of people at the door, I'm nervous, stupid birthday weekend stress....but we are led to a lovely little table in the back....I have no idea why that group was standing at the door.The decor has been described as 1920's Miami chic, but since May will be the first time I travel to Miami, I'll just describe it as clean, inviting, and with an old school charm.Here is where the problems start. We order the flight of the day...."Back in Time" A sidecar, a rum concoction, and an old school gin martini....they are all delicious....and none of them were glenfiddich on the rocks. Ok, so we have a little more time before the show...round two. I order a rum and pear mix, and she asks for a champagne, with cherry, vodka, and other niceties...Again this place strikes gold....FUCK, I am in love with 13 dollar cocktails....why can't I be a bud light guy, it so much more fits in line with my budget..Hold that thought, bud light is gross, cocktails from Flatiron Lounge are amazing, and so is the atmosphere.....I like me....and I love this place. Back to work so I can afford my new addiction.
<review# 1224,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2008,1/25/2009,4812,130,9,21,24>Have ya. .. . have ya tried Land?  You should.  I mean, just the smell alone. . from standing outside, we were mesmerized. The wait was about 10 minutes - just enough to buy a 24 ounce bud light from the deli next door.  We started with the chicken wraps, decadant deliciousness even lettuce couldn't stop.  Sauces are the key here, whatever they do, they have it mastered.  I had the steak, my date had the (non leggy, extremely spicey) squid. We polished this off with chocolate cake. At first I was horrified by the portion size of the cake. After cutting into it, experiencing the oozing goodnes, our fears subsided. The tab was about $63 but considering we had cocktails, apps, entrees, and dessert - it was spectacular. I have a feeling you can order anything and be blown away. Eat up!
<review# 1225,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2008,1/24/2009,110,187,19,19,19>i'm not an ice cream person and i've been here three times in the space of one week.  twice i was in the area, and once i went several blocks out of my way.  now that the initial week has passed i've been here once more.  you know, for research.the first time i went i noticed the place because there was a big crowd inside and i read a small sign on the door that said "we now have pumpkin ice cream."   the texture was perfect, and it was rich and delicious.  before finishing my cone i was already planning on coming back the next day.i know there's a lot of mixed reviews on here so i wanted to try a different flavor just to make sure it wasn't just the pumpkin that was so good.  so the other day i had the hazelnut.  that was good too.  my only concern is that they might not have their pumpkin ice cream this spring and summer since it won't be in season.  if that happens, i'll be blaming alice waters for my future grief.
<review# 1226,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2008,1/22/2009,67,47,15,9,11>Central Park gets a well-deserved 5 stars.  While it is not my favourite park in NYC, it's a close second to Prospect Park.The highlights: Strawberry Fields, the fountain, the lake, the random little grassy knolls for spontaneous picnics, the people-watching, the leaves in the fall, the free shows in the summer,the Metropolitan Museum of Art ROOF DECK,and the finish of the NYC marathon.Just don't spend a whole lot of time there after dark, unless you want your life to turn into an episode of Law & Order: SVU.
<review# 1227,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2008,1/21/2009,18,17,23,23,21>Before I start this review, let's have a quick show of hands: Who here would list "beer pong" or "frat parties" among the things you miss the most about college? ....oookay, would you all please step outside?And now among those left, who would agree to following the statement: "I used to love Ben Gibbard before Death Cab went all poppy and started playing big venues, but now they're total sell outs, so I only listen to that one, unreleased acoustic solo EP he did after Postal Service." Okay, now all of you please go wait outside as well.Alright, reader. Looks like it's just you and me. Perfect. So listen, don't tell all the you-know-who's out there, but The Auction House is hands-down my favorite bar on the Upper East side. In a neighborhood ruled largely by the 20-something fratocracy, it's a real diamond in the rough. Decorated like a set from a White Stripes video, the Auction House has the same vibe as so many Lower East Side lounges, but without all the rampant hipster douchebaggery. The location keeps at bay all those skinny-jeaned moptops who swear they'll never go above 14th street, while the quiet indie music and no-ballcap rule keeps out that mass of sweaty Alpha Boys who just wrapped up a six-hour bender at Brother Jimmys. It's a difficult balance to strike, and an even harder one to maintain, so order up a Maker's rocks, nod your head to the new Spoon album, and cross your fingers that the Auction House stays sacred.
<review# 1228,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2008,1/20/2009,288,183,29,25,24>Reasons to go there:1 Super romantical2 Beef Wellington3 Class galore4 Great service5 Beef Wellington6 Easy parking (garage across the street)7 Beef Wellington8 If bringing a date (and why wouldn't you be) he/she will be impressed9 Due to impressed date, increased chance of second date10 Beef Wellington11 Fantastic menu12 Extensive wine list13 Beef WellingtonReasons not to go there1 MAY CAUSE UNCONTROLLABLE DESIRE TO PROPOSE MARRIAGE!Dine at your own riskPS... in case you didn't get my subtle clues...order the Beef Wellington
<review# 1229,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2008,1/18/2009,193,768,33,22,20>I'm a single dude. I have my own apartment. I live alone. Which means that in my bathroom, I would just leave the bar of soap right on the sink. I didn't have a soap dish. I mean, I'm a single dude, what the hell is a soap dish anyway? That also meant that my toothbrush would just go on a shelf on the medicine cabinet, next to my meds, floss and box of Troj....I mean my meds. But walking yesterday in SoHo I came upon the answer to all that is good about New York, the United States and most of all this little place we call Earth. And this little slice of heaven, you ask: MUJI.Oh yes, I know I'm a little late in the game when it comes to all things Muji. But I was salivating the same way Michael Jackson salivates when its Trick or Treat time at Halloween. I was smiling from ear to ear at all the products, price be damned.  So yes, my new clear soap dish was $4.75 and my new clear toothbrush holder was $5.00.  I was so tempted to buy a little pillow but my mind and lack of money in my wallet prevailed. But come next pay day, I will definitely be stopping.....oh is that CB2 right next door? oh my!!!!
<review# 1230,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2008,1/17/2009,84,60,18,21,24>Here's how to seduce someone in Brooklyn:1. Get yourself to Hecho en Dumbo, preferably after dark, so that the candlelight is already aglowin'.2. Order two margaritas. They're good here. And remember, daters, alcohol is often your friend. Repeat this step as necessary.3. Engage in (try, try, try!) engaging conversation while you wait for someone to take your order. Warning: You could be waiting for a while, so don't use up all of your best one-liners in the first five minutes. Pace yourself.4. Order the sampler platter to share. For $17, you'll get a plate of tacos; baby burritos (or "burritas," in Hecho-speak); delicious, cheesy bruschetta (molletes); and sopes, which are fantastic and taste a lot like arepas. It's plenty of food for two, but if you (or your date) want a heartier meal, round it all out with an order of guacamole (bonus points if you end up feeding it to each other by the end of the meal).5. Full? Liquored up? Pay (hope you brought cash; Hecho's a no-credit sort of joint), and then make your way to the Brooklyn Heights promenade. Check out the view, the city lights, the Brooklyn Bridge... It's beautiful, all of it. The rest, my tequila-fueled friend, is up to you.
<review# 1231,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2005,11/6/2005,32,143,,3,3>Small jeans store with high-end brands, and staff that know how to pick jeans so you don't end up in the dressing room, frowning dispairingly at your hindquarters. They know how to flatter! Very important for those of us who get suckered into dropping $175 on a pair of cowboy pants.
<review# 1232,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2005,11/4/2005,26,24,1,4,3>The gelato and sorbet here is made with whatever is in season. The batches are made in small amounts because everything is made fresh DAILY. None of that crass preserved "gelato" that other places serve. This gelato will spoil you forever.The gelato flavors I have had include: black sesame, lavender honey, pistachio, hazelnut, white chocolate, chocolate, and toasted almond. The sorbets are perfectly light and made with very fresh fruit like watermelon, green grape, and black plum. This place is such a blessing when you want something sweet.
<review# 1233,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/31/2005,11/1/2005,3968,1827,4,7,6>I used to go to Jules about once a week back when I lived in Manhattan. What a treat, it really was this slice of Paris tucked away in the East Village. Sometimes spotty (or is that French) service, but with steak and pomme frittes that are so good, it's hard to complain. Great place to meet up for a casual dinner, split a nice bottle of French wine, watch the world go by.
<review# 1234,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2005,10/29/2005,376,410,6,8,7>"Best Espresso in NYC," and my good friend Google agrees with me. So, I went on a little r&r in NYC visiting friends and my buddy Josh, a foodie, and espresso nazi/connisseur, showed me some new spots. So I tell him, "I want the best espresso in town, I'll pay for the cab, let's go." So he tells me we can walk to this joint about 10 blocks away, and on the way he tells me about acidity and foam and temperature and on and on.  After sitting down in the charming cafe/restaurant I was thoroughly impressed because the place smelled Italian. It's tough to explain but old places in Europe have this funky smell that you remember forever and this joint must have imported some Euro stank for authenticity.  It worked, I was charmed out of my pants and the espresso was the best I've ever had and I've drank my share. It was not too acidic and lingered all over my mouth with a deep richness.  After getting home, I had forgotten the name of this amazing cafe and so, knowing how much of a critic Josh is, I Googled  "Best espresso NYC" and low and behold, the first result was Via Quadronno. Check out their website and you can see where we sat right below the Viking mural.
<review# 1235,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2005,10/28/2005,376,410,10,6,6>Nino's is open until 4am and caters to the drunks of Saint Marks. Get it by the slice and get ready for some serious people watching. Last time I was there at 3am and two 6ft lesbians, one may have been 6'3'', and one was rapping the entire time, incorporating her order into the rhyme, "peppers, cheese, spinach, and you don't stop, biaatch!" As you can imagine, I was enthralled and tried to rhyme my order. "Cheese Please, ah shit I lost my keys, and look at those double d's on those giant trannies!" My delivery must of been subpar because they stopped and glared as I took my pizza back to Bua.
<review# 1236,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/29/2005,10/27/2005,105,713,,4,3>The Cowgirl Hall of Fame a fun spot in NY's West Village.  The menu includes corndogs and frito pie.  The interior offers up a rugged western theme: studded leather chairs, antlers and cowgirl portraits.  It's worth a visit.
<review# 1237,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2005,10/26/2005,376,410,7,8,8>If you haven't experienced high end tea before, you really haven't experienced high end tea.  Well, if you like tea, this is a charming East Village hipster way to experience tea. Lot's of cute girls hang out here and fill up the tables chatting away and drinking their tea and it's great fun if you know nothing about tea and have everyone come over and explain all the varieties and tell you what you "have to try!" But, alas, little do they know, I'm a tea expert, masquerading in sheep's clothing . I can blindfold a Monkey Picked Jade Premium Oolong.
<review# 1238,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2005,10/25/2005,71,58,4,3,4>Don't you love bathrooms that have those embossed disposable towelettes next to sink?  There's something so charming, I think, about having a little stack of them to keep in your own bathroom, especially when they were aquired at Ralph Lauren Home store. Classiness of embossed towelettes, in my experience, was only surpassed by the Ritz bathroom in Rome, whose toiletpaper comes from Fabriano (world-famous paper-makers), and is watermarked with the same name. Exquisite.
<review# 1239,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2005,10/24/2005,28,295,3,2,1>Ayup.  It's all there.  Everything you could possibly want from moderm art.  Ticket prices are unbelievable, though.  Make sure to bring your old student I.D.  The student discount will bring the price down from unbelievable to simply ridiculous.
<review# 1240,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2005,10/23/2005,15,182,2,1,2>I love what they've done with their brick walls lately, which is to cover it with different lattices and trim options. I think more people are buying more garden things in the city lately. I've seen our choices in gardening supplies double in the last few years (maybe it's just because now I'm paying more attention). Anyhow, this place is expensive but I liked it a lot before I noticed that. I bought a plastic owl here to scare away pigeons and I still have the dear old bird. He doesn't actually scare much of anything away but I do like him in a sort of sculptural way. The hardware folk told me his name was Jaspal (apparently he was named after one of the salespeople because it drew a big laugh).
<review# 1241,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2009,4/1/2010,160,235,13,15,14>last saturday, i discovered the holy grail of nerdom that only a super-duper dork (i.e. ME!) would appreciate ... ping pong plus booze. although not intuitive, their compatibility is quite uncanny. forrest gump would be proud. came here for a party kinda, well, er, REALLY sauced on saturday night after downing a scandalous bottle of red wine with a friend that shall remain nameless ... hence, the vodka martini i ordered when coming in was probably not the best idea - as well as its reprise an hour later - but the lights were low and a ping pong table, sexily lit, smack-dab in the middle of the floor was calling me ... aimee o had to live, dammit! she's only human.*ping pong, ping pong, ppppiiinnnngggg pooonnnggggg* 2 hours of "scintillating" game-playing later - and by that, i mean running after lost balls throughout the back space - i stumbled out drunkity-drunk-drunk-drunk. somehow i found myself on the Q train and safely, peacefully made it into bed by 3AM. how i woke up at 9:30AM fresh as a daisy and itching to do a 5-mile run? dude, i have NO idea. maybe it was the booze, maybe it was the cardio, maybe it was because my body was trying to relish all the weekend-goodness it possibly could, but no hangover ... SCORE! spin ... a place where magical things happen.
<review# 1242,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/7/2010,3/30/2010,233,176,20,21,21>If grief can be traced in five stages, then a relationship can be honored in just as many -- plus one more for the lucky ones. I noticed this on a snowy wintry night in Queens, when suddenly there we were, he and I, ambling through stages like wanderers through an empty house. The time of year: Valentine's. Setting: El Boqueron. Over the din of the restaurant, we paused in between sentences as we waited for our food to arrive. You could wonder about the silence: Were we bored? Or did we, by now, just know everything about each other and could simply sit together quietly -- and in peace?The answer arrived in pieces: Dish by dish, the Valentine's menu came to life on its own, as the waiters drummed up the five symbolic choices we had made ourselves. Here's what we had:Stage No. 1: Attraction.We started with a handful of croquettes, served with a side of tomato-based sauce. Crunchy on the outside, moist on the inside and with a touch of tomato spice, the easy taste of the croquettes enticed the senses and piqued curiosity for all that was yet to come. Three stars for a decent experience. Stage No. 2: Infatuation. The second part of the meal, sautéed mushrooms in a garlic sauce, was as soft and sweet as any infatuation. The ample mushrooms were mild and comforting -- a taste you appreciate for its gentle and effortless fluidity. Three stars here too, for another enjoyable experience that built up more anticipation.Stage No. 3: Love. The third tapas dish took longer to arrive, but when it came, it was a wonder: a beautiful ceramic bowl with sizzling meatballs perched atop a bed of thick tomato sauce. The aroma wafted in the air as we let it cool down. After a few minutes, we broke into the meat. It was as sweet and savory and complex as a homemade favorite, whose every bite offers the same delicate consistency and never gets old. It felt as good and welcoming as home too -- four stars for this one. Satiated, we stopped wondering what would come next.Stage No. 4: Conflict. Shrimp in garlic sauce was supposed to be the main course of the meal. But it flopped in an instant: The shrimp smelled fishy, and it tasted old. In an attempted to revive a meal gone stale, the accompanying side of rice chimed in, offering a fluffy freshness. But it was too late: Instead of complementing the shrimp, it served to highlight the contrast between how it should be and how it wasn't. Two stars.Stage No. 5: Break.There was a wait after the shrimp. We drank the wine; they cleared the plates. They put up the silverware. Was there dessert? There was uncertainty.And then ... fresh plates arrived, smaller this time. The table was clean. A clean slate. New menus. We were going to continue. Stage No. 6: Friendship. Some experiences are so bad, it's best to leave them behind -- without even a revisit or review -- and move on. But for others, the right next step just happens to breathe new life. So it was with dessert.We ordered two, to satisfy our different interests. I can't speak for the flan, which he preferred over the apple tart. But I definitely raved about the tart: With a dollop of whipped cream, it was flaky and sweet and wholesome -- and my favorite part of the meal. A save for El Boqueron: A four-star finish, nearing five. Almost as strong and sweet as our friendship.
<review# 1243,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2009,3/29/2010,253,439,15,15,14>Finding tasty tacos on the upper east side is sort of like discovering great skiing in Australia.It may exist but chances are it doesn't and it would definitely be a surprise if you found it. That's how I felt when I tried Cascabel for the first time. These tacos are damn -- and I mean damnnnnnnnn - good. In fact, I'm gonna go out on a limb and say they're as good as any I've had in NYC. Seriously. At $7.50 for two, these tacos not cheap, but trust me it's worth it. I tried the carne asada (steak) and the camarones (shrimp), and both were amazing. Muy, muy riquisimo!!!! Mi chica and I also had the chorizo appetizer, which I'd recommend, while I guzzled down three Negra Modelos on draught (bonus!) and enjoyed the Lucha Libre posters on the walls. Our friends ordered the elote and the quinoa, both of which received rave reviews. But I was too busy inhaling the cinammon churros to notice. A bonafide authentic taqueria on the upper east side? It seems hard to believe. Almost unreal...Like skiing in Australia. Which does exist.-------Writer's Note: This review was dedicated to Tina R from DC, the hottest, sexiest, baddest yelper in the land.....even though she is really sweet underneath.
<review# 1244,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2010,3/28/2010,552,567,37,24,29>Of the handful of tasteful and low-key locales up my sleeve (reserved for fashionable out-of-towners and begrudging up-towners) this might be my favorite. For it must be confessed that I'm a magnificent snob, and a magniloquent effete, and here, my inner pig can wallow and writhe freely in the filth of my disgustingly bourgeois leanings (that's French for 'yuppie', roughly) without shame. Here, I can handily afford a bottle of claret (50% off on Mondays and Tuesdays!), and deliver drops of melted cheese and chocolate via Small Pickled Root Vegetable on a teenytiny two-pronged fork into my vainglorious, wine-stained piehole. Here, all are encouraged to flaunt their cheese and cold cuts lexicons without accusations of self-importance or impropriety. Here, beautiful words like 'charcuterie', 'charollais', beaujolais' can roll as pretentiously as they like off the tongue, resorbed approvingly by soft scarlet damask wallpaper and plush velvet booths. Here, I can engage safely and proudly in the pseudo-intellectual, master-of-the-world idle talk that I and my brethren espouse  - about politics that don't affect me, films no one has seen, and books written by dead white men. After a couple of bottles, I wouldn't put it past me to do it in a bad English accent.. . . You'll still be my friend, won't you?
<review# 1245,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2009,3/27/2010,174,105,35,32,25>New to Korean food? If No, read the 1st one. If Yes, read the 2nd one. The 1st one: - BCD specializes in soon dubu jigae but you already know this. - Diverse selection of flavors, all MSG free: miso, kimchi, seafood, beef, veggie...etc. - MSG is evil and pulverizes taste buds but you already know this.- The broth was flavorful and the tofu, organic and heaping generous! My bowl was 80% soy. - BCD will bring the hotness to your liking: Plain (zero red pepper) to Zoinks (hark does my tongue burn) - The banchan was standard issue with one exception: a personal fried fish for each diner! (novelty greater than the taste imo) - The kimchi was adequately fermented but note our kakduki was limp with all bend, no snap - Props to the ajooma who replenished banchan supply without request - Non dubu dishes are available but you know better than that - - cough - - people who order hot dogs at Shake Shack... Conclusion: BCD is my new go-to for my (overpriced $12 - it's 5 bucks in Seoul) tofu fix. 4-stars. The 2nd one: Greetings friend and welcome to K-Town! The "K" stands for K-O-R-E-A. That's South Korea *__* tee hee. Northern cooking styles remain a mystery because we're not allowed in :( New York's K-Town is laughably small in size (vs. LA, Philly), and W32nd Street is sort of our version of Restaurant Row or Main Street KSA. (KSA stands for Korean Student Association). (It was a superlame attempt at joke). (KSA, USA get it?) Haha? ha ha.... :( BCD Tofu House specializes in dubu (tofu). Its signature dish is called "soon dubu jigae," comprised of soft uncurdled tofu in a salty stew, swimming with nutritious veggies and non-scary proteins like beef or pork or seafood (read: no wuff wuff*). At the base of the menu you'll find red flame markers representing the degrees of spice/heat. If this is your first time eating Korean, I recommend the 1 flamer=mild. When your soon dubu arrives, immediately crack the raw egg into the soup. Don't be afraid - you will not get sick from this. Unless the egg is rotten. Which is probably not the case. Oh! One very important tip. Before your soup arrives, the server will bring 5-7 little dishes of various delights, including the famed fermented red pepper cabbage, or "Kimchi." Not only is this our national treasure, but the list of benefits run deep: - chock full of vitamins and minerals! - aids digestion, thanks to two friends: fermentation & fiber - prevents bird flu (according to natives) - cleans your blood (according to mom) - clears sinuses - cures hangover - kills romance (if you're on a bad date i recommend the kimchi + raw garlic combo) Other banchan might include honeyed potatoes, sesame oil broccoli, and fried anchovies..etc. And before you frantically flag down your waitress "But we didn't order these!" just relax. These little dishes are FREE! Isn't Korean food great? *Dear readers of the first one: Before you accuse me of being patronizing to the newbies please note I have in fact been asked the dog meat question. By real people. Yes in NY, not Alabama. No offense to Alabamans. Alabamians? Is that a word?
<review# 1246,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2009,3/26/2010,179,276,29,12,18>Goldilocks went to Terminal 5 to catch Green Day, where the sound system sucked and people kept shoving her and spilling beer on her shoes."This place is too BIG!" she cried.So Goldilocks went to Joe Blow's Dirt Shack to catch a new 3-piece Mandolin bluegrass ska band, where the sound system still sucked, and the Pabst was warm."This place is too SMALL!" she exclaimed.So then Goldilocks went to Music Hall of Williamsburg where she was frontstage at a Matt & Kim concert that rocked her face off."This place is JUST RIGHT!"
<review# 1247,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2009,3/25/2010,2396,639,22,31,29>On a cold winter's day, I walked over to have some Liquid Nitrogen Ice Cream.  Lulu and Mooky's is small, more of a take out place.  They make your ice cream in front of you.  You choose your flavors from a host of options, an overwhelming host of options.  I have been there several times and I have tried Mango and Cinnamon and real strawberry, among other flavors.  For about $5 you get two scoops.  The Ingredients you pick are poured into a bowl and then a man in a lab coat and gloves pours liquid nitrogen into the bowl.  Then he mixes it...there is lots of smoke and beads of liquid nitrogen dance on the counter....when the show is done, which is in a blink of an eye, there is ice cream in that there bowl.  It is scooped out and then you are allowed to eat the goodness.
<review# 1248,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2010,3/24/2010,271,252,13,11,12>All this hungry boy wanted was a hot dog.All this cultured boy wanted was Korean food.All this frugal boy wanted was cheap food.All this little boy wanted was a little bit of fusion. And a little bit rock-n-roll. All this pale boy wanted was a sunroof.What this pretty boy wants, pretty boy gets.
<review# 1249,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2009,3/23/2010,480,166,9,16,15>What do you want with a cup of excellent coffee?A smile?Floor to ceiling windows on two sides?Window walls that open up?Comfy couches?Little cafe tables and chairs?Booths at the bar?Nice, hip baristas?Unpretentious atmosphere?A few tasty snacks?Free WiFi?Yep, this place is pretty cool.It's also usually pretty packed, which is why I walk past more often than not. That's what happens when you have a great place and aren't pretentious about it. Oh, the tragedy. Oh, the irony. Oh well. I'll go in when I see a seat.
<review# 1250,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2010,3/22/2010,143,144,32,16,21>There's a lady who's sure All that's doughy should be fried And she's buying a stairway to Led Zeppole When she gets there she knows All her arteries will implode With a word she can get fried Oreos (Seriously? No one has done this yet?) Ok let's get the led out (last one, sorry): 1.) a zeppole is like a fried donut, or a giant gob of funnel cake 2.) you can get them plain or filled with massive amounts of cream 3.) you can also get Oreos fried IN SAID ZEPPOLES 4.) the people who work there are beyond fun and adorable 5.) hours later you will find powdered sugar in places powdered sugar really never should be Sweet mother of Jimmy Page, this place rocks (I know, I know, sorry). Just go, and take it from me, don't wear black. Or bring along your zeppole bib . . . what, you don't have one? Get one.
<review# 1251,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2010,1/15/2011,226,316,10,17,18>Come Thanksgiving, my friends and I trekked about midtown looking for a place that hadn't yet been swamped by the post-parade crowd. The caveat was that it had to be rated well too. We tried 3-4 places before stumbling onto Nook. This tiny little eatery serves a mean brunch special for small groups - and by small, I mean 2-4 people in your group.For my dish, I went with my go-to brunch classic - Eggs Benedict with the hollandaise on the side. No complaints here! I wolfed that sucker down lickity split. Here's where it gets really crazy though - their soup of the day was something rather unimaginative, but my friend passed the kitchen and saw another pot of delicious sitting on the stove. And then we saw a neighboring table get it. It was a classic case of "I want that!" When the tomato soup (that's right... good ol' tomato soup) arrived at our table, we all dug in, hoping just to steal some of the warmth for our shivering bodies. What happened in our mouths was unbelievable. I think my taste buds must have gone into shock because that was honestly the BEST TOMATO SOUP I have ever had in my life. The flavors were layered, and it wasn't incredibly complex, but you could still savor each bite. There was some sort of pasta or grain sprinkled in it too, but none of our group could quite name it. The soup alone has me teetering between 4 and 5 stars on this review, but until I have a chance to run back, I'll have to stick to the 4 for now. Can't wait to drag some friends back there with me. Yummers.
<review# 1252,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2010,1/13/2011,270,301,22,31,30>Now I don't speak Spanish or anything, but if I had to guess as to the meaning of "Superior" in Spanish, I'd guess that it means the same thing as "superior" in English, which I think we can all agree is something along the lines of "awesomest."  Based on that assumption, I will say with absolute confidence that La Superior is without question an appropriately named restaurant.The food is so good!!  Seriously, it is so good. I had a quad-o (or what do you call a trio but with four?) of tacos, and they were very delicious, especially the tongue taco!  Incredible texture.  If you've been thinking about trying tongue but have been a little apprehensive because, well, it's TONGUE, I'd say this is a good gateway tongue.  Tongue 101. An introduction to Tongue for the Complete Novice. The chipotle shrimp was in fact too spicy for me to eat, but the more capsaicin-tolerant of my party were happy to oblige. In return, I got bites of  torta, fish, quesadilla, and.......BRAINS!!Yes, they have brains here.  How much more normal did tongue just get?  The brains are wrapped in a tortilla and deep fried, and the whole thing tastes kind of like a super-creamy crab rangoon.  Very nice.  I won't lie--as a neuroscientist I felt a little conflicted, but I got over that pretty fast.Finally, these are probably the best margaritas I've had in the city.  No crappy sour mix here--just tequilla, lime, and maybe just a splash of simple syrup. Super fresh and not too sweet, the way Dios intended.
<review# 1253,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2010,1/12/2011,81,207,66,32,34>With tax, admission here at the Museum of Doin' It clocks in at nearly $20, which is a bit steep when you consider the fact that I already know how to do it. But it turns out this place isn't just about teaching people how to do it (or, it turns out, not really about that at all), but also about the history of doing it, the changing nature of how doing it has been captured on film, and also about how animals do it and stuff. For instance, did you know that dolphins sometimes do it in the blowhole? That shit is hilarious.The first floor exhibits were kind of a wash, and made me miss that $20 in my wallet a little. It's just a series of paragraphs written on the wall about how sex has been captured/alluded to in film, from pretty much the invention of moving pictures onward, with accompanying, almost random, looping video clips, ranging from obscure black-and-white spanking movies to one of Pam Anderson's sex tapes. So basically it's a mash-up of the Wikipedia/YouTube searches of a random 12-year-old boy. Not exactly $20 well-spent so far.On the second floor, however, business starts picking up. Besides the section on STDs that features way too many graphic, close-up pictures of syphilis-infected genitalia for me to hurry past, nearly everything here is interesting in some way--Tijuana Bibles of Popeye/Blondie characters, real examples of uh, Real Dolls that indeed show that they're a colossally creepy waste of money, and neat old tins that condoms used to come in. And if there is anything funnier than old-timey writing about sex, I have yet to find it. I mean, if you don't find Olde English instructions on how to use/maintain a reusable condom entirely entertaining and engrossing, you life could stand some changes.But oh, the third floor is where it's at. This is the floor exclusively devoted to exhibits about animals doing it, and it is equally informative and hilarious, while simultaneously giving me an entirely new scale to feel inadequate against. Again, this probably isn't anything you couldn't look up on the Internet yourself, but better to study it here all in one place, in a professional, academic environment, rather than sullying your computer with just about the worst Google search history ever. I don't want to spoil too much, but some of my favorite facts learned here:-Monkeys will trade sugarcane for sex-Elephants will jerk each other off with their trunks-A dolphin failed to clear a training hurdle and got stuck there, and then discovered that repeatedly trying to jostle itself off the hurdle felt really, really good, which led to it eventually trying to fuck all of its toys and training equipment-A duck will chase another duck all morning trying to rape it, and if the pursued duck happens to die before it gets caught, well, that doesn't necessarily mean it's not still gon' get raped.Man, animal sex: it gets no funnier. Thank you, Museum of Sex, for helping me learn more about sex than I ever wanted to know, and to laugh about it even more than I already do. I do still wish it cost a little less, but then, that's my general complaint about sex itself, anyway.
<review# 1254,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2010,1/11/2011,545,1338,25,31,32>Soooooooooo, tell me what you want, what you really, really want.If you're looking for the spices, you're only going to get two out of the five: ginger and posh.On a scale of 1 - 10, the spice level at Delhi Heights is about a two. This is mild Indian food. It's also a hit or miss from what I've gathered. Delhi Heights was my first official meal in Jackson Heights as a resident. Some neighbors bring you a basket of goodies as part of the welcome wagon, other neighbors bring you to an Indian lunch buffet. I'm glad I'm neighbors with the latter. My first meal at Delhi Heights was a bit more on the spicy end. This time the spice was pretty much non-existent. I've heard at times their food is salty and at other times really bland. So you never know what you're going to get but so far I've liked it. Delhi Heights is a good place to take guests. It's considered fancy for the area with nice plates, silverware, flooring, and a renovation that can't be beat. The staff is extremely friendly and helpful. When we asked about the chutneys, instead of making us get it ourselves from the bottle at the buffet table, they brought them out to us in dishes. They also kept encouraging us to eat more because there was plenty of food available. If you are well versed in the art of buffet and all you can eat, then you can do very well here. At a mere $9.95, you can really pack away a lot of punch for your dollar. They will also give you more naan than you could ever hope for. Drinks are a separate charge so be careful. A lassi costs about half of your meal.I barely know the names of Indian dishes. I was glad to find that this time they marked the buffet. I would say on average there are about 10 dishes available. Dishes vary by day but there are always the staples. I gorged on veggie pakodas, chicken tandoori, chicken makhani, goat curry, palak paneer, mixed vegetables, chickpea salad, and chicken biryani. My absolute favorite is the goat curry. I could eat that all day long. It's not gamey whatsoever, the curry is mild, and the meat is very tender.  For dessert, they have moong daal halwa which is a rich sweet yellow lentil pudding. It has the consistency of polenta and has a hint of almond flavor. If you're going for seconds at the buffet, definitely have seconds of this!Yo I'll tell you what I want, what I really, really want. I want a good meal that doesn't give me the "Delhi belly" and that's what you get at Delhi Heights.
<review# 1255,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2010,1/10/2011,349,349,25,41,38>Blossom is arguably the best gourmet vegan restaurant in the city.  And I would gladly label the dinner at Blossom a five-star experience -- well, I share their values and that surely plays a part in how I value their shares.The setting at Blossom is quite cozy and the space is fairly small.  The service is par for the course, bordering on super-friendly and efficient.  The food, depending on your choice and taste, is consistently good and deserving of the price premium.If we had similar tastes, it is difficult not to like the black-eyed pea cake starter.  Potatoes and peas have not been put to better use or combined so effectively.    I have tried their seitan empanadas on occasion, but prefer the sweet potato rolls and also the ravioli with pine nuts and cashew.  The entrees are equally pleasing, notably the mezze plate and the pistachio and pepper dusted tofu.  I would recommend the chocolate ganache for dessert, but would gladly try the blossom cheesecake, except that I am not a fan of cheesecake.Perhaps we were not all meant to be vegan or even vegetarian.  But if you are in the mood for vegan food, you cannot go wrong with Blossom.
<review# 1256,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2010,1/9/2011,174,105,38,30,35>What are people talking about? The line was nothing. Avg wait times: - Shakespeare in the Park (345 min) - iPhone 4 (226 min) - Space Mountain (144 min) - Shake Shack (58 min) - Trader Joe's (46 min) - Taim (11 minutes at prime dinner time on a weekday) "Tah-eem" translates to "tasty, delicious." And just as Alex Trebek pretends to be the smartest man on earth he is in fact just reading the answers from cue cards. (Pronunciation and translation can be found on the blackboard) Seriouseats recently crowned this place the best falafel in the city, and with a name like "Taim Falafel and Smoothie Bar," any literate and logical person would order one thing and one thing only. Since I'm neither I chose the Mediterranean Platter. For $9.50, you select any three salads (except Greek) from a list of 5-6. Your order comes with a warm, seasoned, pillow like pita (white or wheat), and a generous helping of hummus made pretty with a pool of olive oil, tahini, and a sprinkle of paprika. All three salads - beet, Israeli, tabouli were super fresh and flavorful. The hummus, though wonderfully thick and light years beyond Mamoun's or Cafe Rakka's, wasn't good enough to unseat Hummus Place, but I still happily cleaned my plate. Like the 2,350,000 Taim loyalists, I'm now a huge fan and will gladly wait with you in line. Hey, did you know that while falafel originated in Egypt and the Middle East, Israelis were the first to introduce it to Europeans and Americans in the 70's? And that select McDonald's locations serve "Mcfalafel?" I'll bet you a smoothie that Alex Trebek does not know this.
<review# 1257,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2010,1/8/2011,251,671,14,34,29>When a birthday arrives these days, I find myself more of a curmudgeon and less inclined to "let's celebrate!" So this year, I decided to avoid the reservations, the expensive night of alcohol and the inevitable look of death the next morning.Instead I took my oldest friend in the world, my mom and her mom to Spa Castle - a magical world of spa pools, sauna's and massages that I have been itching to go to since it first opened in College Point.A 15 min drive from house and voila - we arrived. First impressions - clean, bright and efficient. You pay your $35 (weekday rate), get your electronic "golden ticket" and walk through to the locker room.* Everyone gets their own electronic shoe locker and then larger clothing locker. You are also provided with a uniform of sorts (cotton shirt and shorts), towels (if you need it) and a smile. ** Then you exit into the wonderland that is Spa Castle.I soaked. I was pummeled by therapeutic jets of water in a mineral pool. I partook in the Hinoki tub on the roof, which gave the illusion that you were truly in some outdoor garden and not on a rooftop in Queens. I baked in the Gold Plated, Mineral Salt and UV Red Sauna's. I cooled down in the Ice Sauna. My skin felt amazing. I was limp as a noodle*** at the end of it all. We all were in agreement that this was awesome. A perfect way to spend an odd little birthday.Notes:* The women-only locker room does not have private changing areas or showers - be prepared to see women of all shapes and sizes in their birthday suits and for you to have to wander around in yours if you are to partake in the hot and cold pools. It's a great way to lose your inhibitions. Ahem.** You cannot wear your shoes inside the spa, but it was clean enough to walk around barefoot. If you are squeamish - you can buy their slippers for $5. I didn't.*** There is food here - a tad expensive for what it is, but you are a captive audience. And there are no other restaurants in the area. You also don't need your wallet, just scan your locker key at the food areas and pay your bill when you return your key.
<review# 1258,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2010,1/7/2011,794,428,33,33,29>Have you ever seen your boyfriend cry?My darling, manly, lover got misty when he ate the lamb ribs. Those ribs were pungent with the animal's rustic musk and covered in a redolent, sweet, spicy and sticky sauce. My beau's eyes looked like two round unripened blueberries so pregnant with morning dew that they were about to fall off their grounding thin branches. Touched, I took a bite and was instantly put into a carnal coma. I couldn't move any body parts or feel anything besides the sensations in my mouth. The lamb was so tender it made my teeth feel stronger, fuck fluoride, LAMB RIBS. Mmmmmm, oh my, my mouth is watering Jabba-the-Hut style reliving that moment. Another dish we got, that was amazing, was the Beet Cured Salmon with Rye Bread and Horseradish. The beautiful deep beet color laced the edges of the salmon like wax on a bottle of Maker's Mark. The salmon was so fresh that the lean and fat of the fish tasted mutually exclusive and produced a creamy flavor when chewed slowly. It was buttery and earthy from its beet treatment. The horseradish was zesty and brought out the richness of the salmon.Another incredibly intense dish we ordered was the pork belly. The coddled egg on top was a beautiful, shiny, ivory satchel and the yolk was custardy and a bright canary yellow. Gingerly, I kabobed a piece of egg with a chunk of pork and then speared into a leaf of purple radicchio. The pork was slightly sweet and juicy like a sunsoaked grape, the corners had a light caramelized crunch that  was really pleasing. The radicchio was not dressed and its bitter flavor complimented the pork and egg's unctuousness perfectly. That's right, the dish was perfect.The next night, I ate there again. My girlfriend, a pastry chef at Gordon Ramsey, was also floored by all of their dishes.We got Hamhock Tots--- they were gooey balls of salty animal, cheesey crispiness. A really crowd-safe little dish. The Lamb Crepenettes were up next and it they were little oblong spheres of lamb sausage. They were flavorful and salty, but nothing compared to the LAMB RIBS. The rose we ordered went super well with this dish, I think I drank a whole glass with it...Lastly, but not least, we got the pumpkin ice cream sandwich. That ice cream was pudding-strength, I mean, it did not melt into a liquid. Mmmmm, it was spicy. The ginger-snap cookies resting a-top broke in a crumbly, layered way that shortbread cookies would and were purposefully less sweet.I crown thee, 6th Street Kitchen (pretentiously just called KITCHEN on your awning), the best damn restaurant in Alphabet City.
<review# 1259,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2010,1/6/2011,400,317,23,35,30>Fifty years from now, when I am a wise old wrinkled yelper, I will let you know how my ink has held up. Then we can decide if ESI really deserves 5 stars. But for right now... YES! Bang Bang (aka Keith) did an awesome, meticulous job and was very sweet. I also got to meet his 1 year old daughter -- she chilled with me on the couch while he finalized drawings. Nice. ESI is well-sized, clean, affordable, and relaxed. And it happens to be a mere hop, skip, and jump away from Grape & Grain, and Lula's, too. Just sayin'.
<review# 1260,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2010,1/5/2011,163,562,25,30,31>I have macrophobia, the fear of long waits.  As a New Yorker, this is not a good fear to have, as we deal with interminable waits all the time - Shake Shack, brunch at Prune, the E train, NY state income tax refunds, etc.Casellula is no different - plan for a wait, which can be attributed to a variety of factors.  It's small, it's cramped, but it's intimate, with dim ambiance, bright wood tones, and dramatic ceilings.  It's also the only restaurant in Hells Kitchen that can compete with the great tapas bars of the Village, NoHo and LES.  And finally, the food and wine is good.  It's damn good.Typically, we expect no more out of a charcuterie platter than thin bits of meat and cheese, scattered on the plate, garnished perhaps with a few gherkins and olives.  Moreover, most restaurants stick with 'safe' cheeses - brie's, port salut's, and edam's are crowd pleasers but not very imaginative.  At Casellula, meats and cheeses are artfully plated, and sport an encyclopedic library of cheeses, many of which you've likely never heard of.  The food is beautiful.  A refreshing mixed green salad, is plated with the skill and precision of a brain surgeon.  A dish of creamy burrata is so strikingly beautiful, i'd be happy just gazing at it all night, instead of shamefully shoveling it into my maw.Don't even get me started on the wines.  Let's just say that oenophiles are in good hands.I think it's safe to say that Casellula is worth a little wait, phobia or not.  Besides, there are far worse phobias out there - Arachibutyrophobia* anyone?--------------------------* Fear of peanut butter sticking to the roof of your mouth.  Don't you hate it when that happens?
<review# 1261,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2008,1/4/2009,107,154,29,35,31>Warning: I am a complete Debbie Downer when it comes to Korean food (amongst many other things). I can't help myself. I ate this 365 days a year (we had kimchi next to the turkey in Thanksgiving, oh yeah), and I ate it for cheap. So I can't help it if my standard for good Korean food is not only high but attached to a low price tag. So most of my complaints here are based on that background ... now that you've been warned ... on with the review!We got the Kimchi-Pajun for appetizers. Pajun can be best described as a savory Korean pancake; the batter is much less sweeter than the American equivalent's, and vegetables and other toppings (in this case, kimchi) are incorporated into the actual batter itself. I suppose everyone has their own preference when it comes to the crispiness of pajun, but I'm a big fan of crispy edges, but soft everywhere else. The batter itself has flavor, especially if you were to get something like the kimchi-pajun, and when it's way too crispy, the flavor is lost as the crunch becomes the overwhelming factor. Unfortunately, the kimchi-pajun from Do-Hwa was too crispy and a bit too oily. Yeah, the thing is fried to begin with and I probably can't complain too much, but it seemed that the pajun was too carelessly fried so that the batter took into too much oil. What I liked most about this place was the small dishes. In Korean cuisine, the rice is the base, and it is supplemented by not only the main dishes but also couple of small dishes that, in most Korean restaurant etiquette, are free. Do Hwa has the best small dishes I've had so far in any New York Korean restaurant. They were also generous with the portions and number of dishes. I believe there were about seven or eight, and each came in good amounts.-The kimchi was well fermented (crucial) and had just enough kick. -There was also sweet black beans; this dish doesn't vary too much, but it was a dish that I hadn't seen in a while and was happy to eat. I used to love these when I was little. -While the tofu of the seasoned tofu was a bit tough, the seasoning was nearly perfect. To be fair, this dish isn't made with silky tofu, but the more rough blocks, but it was still a bit too chewy, which is a gross feature in tofu. -The marinated bean sprouts were really delicious. They were not only fresh and crisp (I love that crunch of the stalks), but had a real good marinade with a subtle kick. It wasn't too oily as this dish can be sometimes, nor was it over-spiced. I wasn't feeling too hungry (and possibly too cheap to pay for dishes that I knew I shouldn't be priced so highly) so I only got the dduk-bbok-kki (spicy rice cakes). There's really no equivalent of spicy rice cakes in America, but in terms of their social value... they're like the great American hotdog. They're bar food, party food, cheap food, get-together food, crowd pleaser food, and it just goes on. Spicy rice cakes were good. I was worried that they wouldn't make it spicy enough (I was weaned on cayenne paste, not milk, thank you very much), but it was plenty spicy. The rice cakes were soft and slightly sticky (they way they should be; jjol-ki, jjol-ki--if yu know what that means), and retained the sauce really well. They even had a sliced hard-boiled egg. Yummy! My only qualm was this sucker was $13 and it had very few rice cakes and no fish cakes. Seriously? You see... spicy rice cakes are instant crowd pleasers, but they're really cheap and super easy to make. Don't believe me? Here's the recipe: Ingredients: rice-cakes, red pepper paste, sugar, water (water could be replaced with broth); optional: fish cake, hard-boiled eggs, ramen noodles, spam, diced cabbage, sliced scallions, etc.. 1) Boil rice cakes in water so that they get soft. 2)Meanwhile, in another pan (or inside the first pan if you're lazy like I), boil water/broth (I personally loved it when my mommy used left over ox-tail broth to make this) 3) Add red pepper paste and sugar to taste to the water/broth4) When rice cakes are softened, add to water/broth5) Keep at high to medium temperature till the water/broth is thickened 6) Add optional ingredients (note: add fish cakes a bit earlier with the rice cakes, add COOKED and drained ramen noodles... not dry) And really, that's what it came down to for me at Do-Hwa. It was a great place with subtly luxurious atmosphere (loved the decorative clay pots), excellent service, and pretty darn good Korean food, but being the cheap-o than I am, I can't help but balk at the price ... especially when I can make half of this at home. I'd give it three stars, but their service was amazing. They were friendly, helpful, and even a bit funny. Besides, I had a good time with my friend, but why wouldn't I? He's a Raiders fan and a socialist (like yours truly)--total recipe for non-stop fun.
<review# 1262,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2008,1/3/2009,410,456,7,27,21>Tucked away in the northernmost point in Manhattan, this remote yet lovely spot is devoted to the art and architecture of  medieval Europe.  Located at the north end of  Fort Tryon Park, it is seated on 4 acres of land overlooking the Hudson River. (Take the A train to 190th St, then walk 10minutes along Margaret Corbin Dr) you'll enjoy the gardens that leads to the cloisters.I was always mesmerized by the serenity of this place. I remember having goose bumps just walking around, .just being there, and every time I come here I feel like being transported back in time.  I find myself staring at a vast collection of history. A 12th century chapter house, Parts of 5 cloisters from medieval monasteries, a Romanesque Chapter, and a 12th century Spanish apse (a circular vaulted extension from a chapel)  brought intact from Europe. Browse through  images of  thousands of  artworks,  .The extensive collections of works of Arts American, Paintings & Sculpture,   Arts of Africa,Asia, Eqypt, Greek,Roman & Islamic Art. Collections are housed by culture.,  The Tapestries, Carpets,Quilts, Laces, Embroideries, Intricate woven and printed fabrics from all periods. All these works of arts, the hands that created it, centuries ago,never cease to overwhelm me. Everything are extraordinary works of arts.  I can't get enough of it.  Central Park is nice but if you want quietness, serenity and solitude,this is the place.  A must see for all art lovers, connoiseurs,  and aficionados.Entrance fees:  $20.00 for adults $15.00 for seniors, $10.00 for students and for children under 12...it is free. Every Tuesday to Friday at 3:00 there is a free guided tour of the place. The Cloisters also have special events for the general public including concerts, garden tours, gallery lectures, workshops and medieval festivals, just call Tel# 212-923-3700 for information regarding the events.
<review# 1263,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2008,1/2/2009,254,204,23,17,23>How do you take your coffee Mr. Wolf? Lots of Cream, Lots of Sugar. Saturday/Sunday mornings I'm privileged to have many coffee options within a 1 block radius which include:a) Joe's The Art of Coffeeb) Jack's Coffeec) Dunkin Donutsd) Starbuckse) The MudtruckWhen it comes to coffee, I'm a simple dude. I like my coffee regular with cream and sugar, that's it. I couldn't tell ya how to order at Starbucks with all the slick lingo and variations. Just give me a regular coffee. So, pretty please... with sugar on top.a) I don't like Joe's because I feel claustrophobic inside, especially by the cream/sugar/napkin table. Also those hipsters make coffees & teas out of order. The cashier people are really nice, but the ones making the orders always rub me the wrong way. Plus, I don't own a dog, so I'm not frontin in the front benches acting like I'm a cool person in West Village sippin coffee w/ a newspaper and my dog. You used to be a dry-cleaning store, now you got people hanging out there just because. Oh and the coffee is just alright.b) I like Jack's Coffee because I once wore an Ol' Dirty Bastard T-Shirt that said, "Forever Dirty" in the front and the girl making my coffee screamed out "DIRTY!!!" That was cool, she got it. I like Jack's because it's been there way before Joe's, plus Kiefer Sutherland lives right next door. It's OG, an original gangsta West Village coffee shop. Their regular big coffee has a strong bite though, kinda like dark chocolate. So sometimes I be having dragon breath afterwards. Not so nice.c) Dunkin Donuts, ahh man. I only come here if I don't have cash on me and I wanna use my debit card. Sausage, Egg, and Cheese Croissant and medium coffee please! d) Starbucks, eh, it is what it is.  e) The Mudtruck son. Old school, simple, NY roach coach style, friendly people, and good coffee. Large coffee please, cream and sugar. $2 straight up. That orange cup looks good too.Oh Mikey you don't want all that Pirates Of The Caribbean horseshit, or the Rock and Roll Grunge Tip. Guys like you and me gotta kick it here, old school.
<review# 1264,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2008,1/1/2009,157,490,23,35,27>Everyone knows that the best cupcakes in town are in West Village, right? But, few know that destination bakery is not the one serving cupcakes that make one weep as much as its namesake, female bonding flick: (Steel) Magnolia(s). Batch, The name is Batch. Shaken, or stirred? Those yelpers who have followed my passionate advocacy of Sugar Sweet Sunshine over the years would, perhaps, be stunned to read this. S3B may be very dear to my heart, and STILL my favorite place to get banana pudding, but Batch is a better cupcakery!A few weeks back I was amused to read a review where a yelper had paraphrased my thoughts on cupcakes: given their simplicity, what's all the fuss about? 'Tis true. I find the continuing cupcake craze as bewildering. Much like the real estate bubble, the value assigned to them seems artificially inflated, sustained mainly by the media hype.But, Batch makes genNext cupcakes. These cupcakes have: (1) innovative flavors, (2) surprise fillings; (3) a dense pound cake like interior (4) an evolving frosting to cupcake ratio. Since the time I started sampling them (May) they have increased the frosting, substantially. And, when the frosting is THAT good, one can have no complaints with getting more. My favorite is the carrot cupcake with salted caramel frosting. The carrot cake is soft and moist, with a lime cream cheese filling and a caramel frosting made even better with a pinch of sea salt! Didn't I say these aren't your run-of-the-Magnolia cupcakes?Other uncommon flavors that work well include: Green tea (chocolate cupcake with strong matcha green tea frosting and a filling of apricot preserves); Strawberry Coconut (colorful, fruity, sweet, and tart - thanks to a moist coconut cake with strawberry frosting and Rhubarb Compote filling); Dragon Devil's Food (buttermilk cake, Caramel filling, Valrhona Chocolate frosting, Valrhona chocolate pearls). Their velvet cake is a Beet-Strawberry cake (no food coloring!) chocolate fudge filling, cream cheese frosting.Now a word of caution: ALL the cupcakes are refrigerated and I would advise a wait of at least 30 minutes to an hour before consuming them. There I said it. There's no more excuse for you not to like them. However, if you are unable to read and follow instructions, then I can only hope that you are registered to vote in Florida!In case you have no self control (and are like me), no bakery makes better puddings than Batch. They are the most innovative, and MUCH MUCH superior to the other Southeast Asia-meets-West Dessert magician's 'mass productions' at Chikalicious puddin'. The Mango Thai Tea Pudding with Fresh Mango Puree, Mascarpone Sabayon, Thai Tea Soaked Sponge Cake, Lime Zest, and Chocolate shavings is excellent. I've loved it!! Another exceptional choice is the Huckleberry Chevre Pudding: with walnut butter cookie, chevre "Cheesecake" and Huckleberry sauce. Smooth and tangy. It's like having a creamy cheesecake in a cup!I am not a big fan of the Ovaltine Pudding, even though it has many components that remind one of the wonders of childhood: ovaltine pudding, (caramelized) Rice Krispies, Chocolate 'soil', together with Vanilla bean Chantilly.The ONE area where Batch performs abysmally is cookies. While they have the entire range: chocolate chip, sweet and salty peanut butter, Ginger raisin oatmeal, along with brownies, and blondies - I am not a fan. Not even of the much critically acclaimed Yuzu shortbread. I suspect that these items don't see much turnover and so aren't the freshest in the shop. Instead, the macarons placed in the shop by Pichet Ong's friend, Hsing Chen, and selling under the name of Sweet Chick NYC are a much better option. They are a bit crumbly for my advocacy, but their flavors are true and their colors: vibrant.Pichet Ong may finally have found the magical formula for commercial success that has eluded him since leaving Jean Georges' kitchen. Many months back I had tried P*ong (limping along next door) with one of yelp's most surgical reviewers, Tam N, and we had both been thoroughly disappointed with our experience. However, Batch has home run written all over it. Do keep in mind: good things come to those who wait... for cupcakes to come to terms with the world around them :)
<review# 1265,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2008,12/31/2008,253,439,9,14,13>If it wasn't for all the gringos, this taqueria really could be in Mexico City or Tijuana. The tacos are very authentic and I love sitting at the little tables and having views up both Lafayette and Mulberry streets. My only complaint is that the tacos are a wee bit expensive at about $2.75 or $3 apiece. I could probably eat about 10 of these. This is New York, though, so we'll let it slide. For authentic tacos, it's worth it.
<review# 1266,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2008,12/30/2008,192,650,29,15,19>Here's a tip for mah lady friends:  The FDNY seems to be making a habit of picking up dinner here around 7pm.  Just thought you might like to know that it makes what would be a three star shopping experience a very, very cute five.
<review# 1267,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2008,12/29/2008,1135,197,7,13,14>I agree with Lisa Q. who said "This place may be where I want to have my last meal on earth"!Perfectly said, for this place is by far the best food I have tasted in my life. I actually remember saying to a friend after eating here that "I honestly think I have never truly tasted FOOD before I ate at Kabab Cafe". lolIf only this place was a tad bit bigger but then again, it is the whole experience! After seeing this jewel on Anthony Bourdains show I had to come check it out. It's an experience, PERIOD! How eating out should be like, what is was made for! A personal relationship with the chef who is cooking your food right in front of you. You feel at home, you feel like your a good friend, you feel as if your in another world or country. You must come and see for yourself, this place is my number one pick in the whole city of New York but of course in Astoria. Every dish is made to perfection and with love, flavors I have never tasted before and fell DEEPLY in love with. You can taste every spice.. every vegetable, every piece of meat. I sound like a stalker, but I am when it comes to this place. I am hooked! Great choice for dinner or lunch! 5 stars!
<review# 1268,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2008,12/28/2008,122,68,13,14,11>I should have reviewed this a tad bit earlier, (I recently reviewed Dojo, I could have had a rhyming thing going.)I was having an off-day, so I decided to just drop all responsibilities and go exploring in the West Village.  I didn't even Yelp before I left, I wanted to wander in uncharted territories.  I started walking from my home on Fifth Ave towards the West Village, down Greenwich Ave. onto Christopher Street.  My gray-sky mood had me somewhat depressed so my hopes weren't very high.  I kept walking when I saw a somewhat familiar face coming towards me."Is that?  Wait....no it can't be...." my mind was racing.The face looked at me with a look that showed he was thinking the same thing as me.It was Sam P!!!"Miller is that you?!" he asked.We gave each other a hug, and he asked me what I was doing."Just exploring....I have nowhere to go," I replied.He pointed further west and suggested Mojo.  "It's perfect."I headed that direction.  I had never run into somebody and recognized them solely off the internet.  But that's Yelp for you!Mojo was perfect for me at the time.  Nobody was there except a single employee.  He had some type of accent, and he was as gay as they come.  "Please don't leave me, I'm very lonely."  He pleaded.  I told him as long as there was an outlet, I was all his.  I plugged in my laptop and started doing work.  The employee (who had a great playlist going on his iPod) would come over and talk and ask questions about me.I ordered a lemonade and an almond croissant (scrumptious.)  I'm going to have to go back and actually order coffee before I dish out another star.  Thanks to Sam P. for the suggestion, and thank you Yelp, for making this world a little more exciting.
<review# 1269,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2008,12/27/2008,376,534,12,9,9>For someone who's lactose intolerant, I sure do love dairy.  I could sit at the milk bar drinking chocolate milk and blackberry yogurt all day long.  But I wouldn't sit next to me if I were you.
<review# 1270,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2008,12/25/2008,520,8,7,13,12>crispy langoustine papillotecrispy langoustine papillotecrispy langoustine papillotecrispy langoustine papillotecrispy langoustine papilloteI ate at L'Atelier in March, and the fact that there was only one of these on my plate was my only big regret. This is why I clone some in verbal form here, right now.  crispy langoustine papillotecrispy langoustine papillotecrispy langoustine papillotecrispy langoustine papillotecrispy langoustine papilloteJust having returned from Buenos Aires, I want to call it a pa-pi-SHO-te. While in South America, I noticed that langoustinos were noticeably more common, except none could be as good at Joel Robuchon's, so I thought of New York and missed her more.  I'm going to skip the play-by-play, since 1. it's all a blur; I can't remember more than five courses for months and months unless I take notes. 2. the menu changes so often that you might as well let go and remain at the mercy of the fabulous, open-faced kitchen! The bar-style seating is really unique, and given the choice, I always sit at the bar, whether at all sushi restaurants or even something more low-key, like Soba-ya. Gives the opportunity for watching everything having to do with my food. At L'Atelier, my eyes wandered as I gave other diners' dishes the up-and-down.Plus, we had a lovely time meeting the couple next to us. She was my birthday twin. I wasn't going to raise my hand and demand a birthday goody, but I saw that she got one. We delighted over sharing birthdays; the server overheard, and lo and behold, one just like hers appeared before me, lit candle and all. Wasn't going to resist. No complaints on the service.As compared to, say, Per Se, where each course came out richer and heavier and richer until my heart hurt (no doubt Keller's flawless execution, but by mid-meal, I was so stuffed I could not look covetously at the tray of ow...homemade chocolates...ow...in flavors like pistachio...cry...and truffle...and we mean the fungus), the portions here were perfect. No heartache nor stomachache here. Plus, my Pardner and I split one wine-tasting to preempt that feeling. (Great idea! Max utility! Reins the bill into the lower stratosphere, too!)  I had a feeling that L'Atelier was going to be a yes yes yes! when compared to its peers, if only for its seamless and thoughtful integration of Japanese elements (yuzu, more seafood, fruitier desserts) into French cuisine. (With Daniel, Jean-Georges, etc. -- oh, the near-disgusting number of options at every level in this city -- how is one to choose her next odyssey???) I am partial to subtler flavors and less butter, salt and meat, especially if there is going to be a parade of courses.Finally, watch out! Get the correct address, because there is apparently another Four Seasons not too far away which we find ourselves wandering about in before we arrived at the right hotel a bit late and hungrier for our res. For the future, I'm now lusting after the langoustine carpaccio, which some other reviewers have talked about. Ooh, bet that's good, too. The lunch menu looks not too shabby at all, for a more frequent, less-splurgy L'Atelier experience.***ADDITION: Wow! I'm just finding out about the Christmas Day ROTD in Bangkok airport. I'm a bona-fide geek, I know, but this has got to be the best present ever! (Have been MIA...so many Yelp emails...haven't written in a long time...what is this!!?...ahhhhh!) I bounced up and down and clapped my hands (and woke up the bald Japanese man sitting next to me). To those who read, thank you!
<review# 1271,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2008,1/17/2008,1916,875,37,32,29>I love Theory something awful.  Simple, chic, gorgeous construction,  flattering cuts, and killer style, something about it always appeals to me.  Some say it's drab (there's an alarming amount of black and gray in every collection), but really it just suits me, and its begun to take up quite a percentage of my wardrobe these days. The bi-annual Theory sample sale is the most dangerous time of the year for my credit card - seriously, I sort of black out, then $500 later I'm not really sure how I acquired this gorgeous wine colored cashmere hoodie, or that amazing grey/green poplin blazer.  However, I can keep control in the store (or in the many department stores where it's sold) because I think it's more than bit overpriced, and I just won't pay retail for it.  This is their largest retail outlet, but I echo Timothy B that I'd like to see more interesting bits of the collection here at their flagship.  But, it's no matter, come sale time you'll find me here (or at Saks or Barney's) with a glazed look in my eyes and foaming at the mouth.  Feel free to smack me and wrench things out of my hand, but I warn you, I might fight back.  I'm not myself around this stuff.
<review# 1272,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/26/2007,1/15/2008,277,615,22,12,13>Muji, I missed you ever since I left London. In London, you were at every corner, tempting and teasing me to come inside you and pick out all those useless but must have items and perhaps some very useful ones as well. But in New York, you weren't there at all, leaving this void behind. BUT now, you have come to my rescue, and begun filling part of that void. I like your throws and some of your sweaters, the stationary is just fab and the bags are totally awesome, especially the little travel ones! I have to come back when I don't already have my hands full.-------3 hours later...Disclaimer: My intention was NOT at all for this review to sound sexual. I must have been retarded to let such writing get past me, but David S. has told me to leave it be.
<review# 1273,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2007,1/14/2008,113,149,18,13,15>Crocodile Comme des Garcon zip wallet?  Check.  Trovata Seersucker pants?  Check.  Y-3 duffel bag?  Check.  Cheap Mondays that are just a little too tight for my thighs?  Checked and unchecked!  Bing Bang bling?  DOUBLE CHECK!Odin makes me sad because I can't buy everything that I want there.  But, through much therapy, I've realized that it's okay because I'm now a grown up and the world isn't fair and that I can't get everything I want.  But that doesn't mean I still don't want it!  Trendy but classic pieces plus the amazingly friendly sale staff will keep me coming back for more.
<review# 1274,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2007,1/13/2008,202,399,5,9,9>I planned on only visiting for about an hour to see the couple of Rothkos they had and some works of other modern artists I like. They only had one or two of the medium sized pieces, but they had quite a few smaller Rothkos. Every time I started to leave, however, I kept getting drawn back in by something spectacular I had to take a closer look at. After getting 'lost' several times, and a stop to have a coffee at the balcony cafe, I had killed several hours before I knew it. Some highlights: A lot of impressionists--a particularly huge collection of Degas if you're into his work, and the largest collection of Armor from all over the world that I have ever seen. A real world-class art museum with something for everyone.  One day is not enough. A tip for out-of-towners: if the lines are long and you don't want to wait, AND you plan on returning, get the special membership for out-of-towners. It's only about $50 and is at last partially tax deductible. You can find it on their website.
<review# 1275,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2007,1/12/2008,7,22,11,9,9>I'm definitely glad that Five Guys just opened up a burger joint on 55th Street, 'cause I didn't already have enough artery-clogging options in Midtown, such as Burger Joint in the Parker Meridien.Having lived in the DC area for several years, Five Guys offered the best burger in DC and they definitely didn't disappoint in the Mid-Atlantic region.  However, NYC is the major leagues, and it'll be interesting to see how Five Guys performs alongside Burger Joint, Shake Shack, Corner Bistro, Brgr, etc.  Whereas a Burger Joint burger may be that hipster girl who lives in Midtown and wears designer skinny jeans (with some rips to look cool), a Five Guys burger is like the sorority girl from college who wears tank-top and 501 jeans and you just can't get enough of her.Five Guys doesn't skimp on their burgers and if you order a regular burger, be ready for a baseball-sized patty of beef.  If you're not looking for a coma to follow your lunch, order the little burger instead.  Also be prepared for a mess, as their burgers are like the ones your uncle used to grill at a summer picnic.  They offer a multitude of toppings (unlike Burger Joint) for your burger, so take your pick.  The fries are similar to boardwalk fries and I can't get enough of that cajun seasoning.By the way, I also love how they've got open boxes of peanuts to munch on as you wait for your order.  If you're allergic to peanuts, it sucks to be you.
<review# 1276,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/1/2007,1/9/2008,117,25,19,12,10>It was my first job in the city in 1984. I was a Zamboni driver and skate guard.  One night I started my shift, cut the ice, then let skaters on the ice.  A tall older guy tried to step on the ice without skates.  I said, "Sorry sir, you can't go on the ice in your street shoes." He persisted and I blocked his way... He shot me a look and said, "Sir?"  He relented and walked around the rink on the outside...   My manager motioned me over and asked whats wrong? "The guy thinks he's god!" I said. My manager said, "Close, its Moses."  Yes, it was Charlton Heston.In twenty-three years I haven't gotten better at recognizing celebrities but I've never lost my love for The Rink.  Sure, the ice is crummy.  Its way overcrowded.  The skates are rarely sharp...  but The Rink is an amazing place to see characters.  If you really want to skate there go in November or after February on a weeknight or early Sunday morning.  The early Sunday morning sessions are  a good time to see many of the regular freaks.
<review# 1277,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/25/2007,1/8/2008,333,415,6,9,9>My new fav!!!Yes there is the $3 cover, which I pretty much forgot about the second I stepped into the joint and heard the awesome live jazz music coupled, no tripled, with the array of games including ping pong, billiards, table hockey, shuffleboard, board games (yesssss, scrabble!), and a stellar selection on tap. Warning: these beers on tap are delicious, include Delerium Tremens, but come at the cost of $9/pop. PBR is also available for $3. As ppl have mentioned before, no liquor, but whatevs. I mean, you come here for the games, i.e. PING PONG!  (yes i'm on a newfound mission to learn/practice/play ping pong on a weekly basis)despite this being a basement location, you hardly feel claustrophic as the array of games stretch in every direction. This could be a weekly haunt, the limiting factor being finding people to indulge in my new ping pong obsession with me.
<review# 1278,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2007,1/5/2008,236,41,21,10,14>Have you ever put peanut butter inside a chew toy for the endless amusement of watching your dog attempt to get every last bit?  That was me at Pinkberry.  I demolished my 5 oz fro-yo with kiwi and blueberry within minutes.  Frustrated, I scraped the bowl dry- there was barely a spoonful left.  Fiending for more, I hit my snout (er, nose) on the edge attempting to lick up any remaining droplets. AND THEN I used my fingertip to pick up the 3 minuscule blueberry seeds stuck to the bottom.  My poodle : Peanut butter :: Me : Pinkberry.(No animals were harmed in the making of this review.)
<review# 1279,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2007,1/4/2008,157,490,32,32,29>Try as I may, I don't see myself walking up to a girl and saying, "Let's have a Fika". At least, not with a straight face. Mind you, there is nothing overtly suggestive about the proposition, for Fika, while a verb, is Swedish for: "take a coffee break". My inability to do so stems from a funny incident in Istanbul, Turkey. I got into a cab and asked the driver to take me to a certain shopping mall. The cabbie turns around to me and with a broad smile says, "Fiki, Fiki?" As I don't understand Turkish I smile back and shrug my shoulders. He repeats: "Fiki, Fiki?" Global citizen that I am, I think he is probably using the Turkish equivalent of "Rafiki", which means friend. I nod and the cabbie drives me straight to a less reputable part of the city where I can get some cheap "action". As I look around bewildered, I realize that apparently single men who get in the cab in the evening are only looking for "Fiki, Fiki", which is evidently a distortion of the Queen's not so chaste English. I tell the cabbie (who can otherwise not speak a SINGLE word of English), that I had missed the memo on what the term meant, and that he should drive on. No, seriously, I did ask him to drive on. But, let's "focus" {ever heard a Colombian or South American pronounce that? :) } on Fika shall we? Even though, it is well hidden in a less frequented part of Mid Town (but for staff from the nearby Bank of America), Fika is a place for excellent coffee and espresso drinks. They use 100% Arabica beans that are flown in from a premium Swedish roasting company. I never realized till I visited the shop that the Swedes are amongst the highest per capita consumers of coffee in the world (Ranked 6th!).The coffee break in Sweden is a social institution that is the equivalent of the English afternoon tea. Thus, it is expected to be enjoyed over sandwiches or cookies. Fika has a selection of salads in addition to sandwiches that are made from Eli's bread, the only thing within the shop that they don't create on the premises. Otherwise, they take pride in saying that they cure the salmon, hand roll each chocolate truffle, and make each chocolate bar themselves. Their most popular truffle is one with a coffee cream filling. Other versions include raspberry, dark chocolate, baileys, hazelnut, coconut rum, etc.My favorite pastry at Fika is the "Chokladbollar" the chocolate ball that is slightly larger than an unmentionable (*), made from oatmeal, coffee, cocoa, butter and rolled in shredded coconut. This, along with "Kladdkaka": a sticky/moist Mudcake that is much like a brownie, provide a fusion of taste and texture that I thoroughly enjoy. Both are lip smacking good! Of the many varieties of cookies, I love the "Drommar", which has a crispy exterior and chewy interior. There are many others: Molasses cookie, Almond Dreams, Ginger snaps etc. to provide the perfect complement to your cappuccino.I will confess that the other reason I enjoy Fika is the sweet and friendly Swedish staff. In my, perhaps "Bizarro", world blondes have always been smart, competent, driven to overcome lazy stereotypes of them. It tickles me that despite the serious expression of deep concentration on her face, the "barista" will either mess up the pattern on the (well made) cappuccino, forget the name of the cookie, hand me back more change than she should, or make some small faux pas. I watch with the slight, amused smile of someone thinking "In blonde, we trust" and immediately (realizing her mistake) such a warm, wonderful, somewhat flirtatious smile comes my way that one can only nod politely and smile back. I thus walk a longer distance to Fika, as opposed to getting equally good espresso drinks, made by two Italian dudes at Zibetto Espresso Bar.And, as God gave us rationalization I tell myself it's all due to the pastries and cookies. Really, it is. Or, maybe the excellent, foamy Cappuccino. Or, the seating. Ah, whatever...(* I trust yelpers will commend my integrity in avoiding a Non sequitur reference to "Swedish Meatballs", just to win RoTD  :P)
<review# 1280,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2007,1/3/2008,43,21,30,11,13>Last night, a friend called with a personal crisis and asked that I meet him in the "Circuit Party of New York".  Yes...he asked me to meet him in Chelsea.  Land of muscle men, tank tops, and washboard abs (I knew I should have worked out yesterday).We walked down 8th ave, and I spotted this place.  Something was different.  Empty tables, most people dressed appropriately, no muscles bulging...My God?  Why is the restaurant have so few people?  We decided to give it a try.Entering the restaurant, our hostess sat us at a table right next to the window.  Why?  Because this is Chelsea...it's all about watching the eye candy walk by.It was at this point, when I opened my menu, I realized why no self respecting circuit boy had walked into this restaurant.  Carbs.  They are the enemy and they had declared full war in this place!  Every item is a garlic infused carbohydrate packed delight.I looked at my waist, and since my pants were feeling a bit on the loose side, I figured I could handle it...as long as I did it in moderation.  Bring on the feast!Our waiter, a cute guy I honestly think I may have dated in the past (so many men...so little that are memorable), recommended the Four Cheese Lasagna with a pink sauce.  Pink sauce?  Could I be any more gay?...I'll take it.  My friend ordered the Chicken Marsala, which comes with of side of guess what?  Pasta!  Bring on the carbs!  Neither of us will be having boyfriends tonight!Our buss boy brought us 8 pieces of garlic bread.  Eight?  Are you serious?  Do you have any idea how many hours on the treadmill I'm going to need to spend to work off these 6 (mmmm...good) pieces of bread?  Just one of these 4 pieces has to be at least 300 calories! (swallow)...they should warn you before they bring 2 pieces of bread to the table!  What?  Yes, please refill our bread basket.My pants were beginning to feel tight, so I thought it best to loosen my belt.Thankfully, as we were finishing our second basket of bread, the lasagna came out.  Now for those of you who don't know this, it's time I set the record straight.  Ladies and gentlemen:Size matters.Specifically when it comes to lasagna, and the Gorgonzola, ricotta, Parmesan and mozzarella goodness that I was about to eat showed just what kind of size queen I can be.   This lasagna was larger than two of my fists put together.  There was no way possible I was going to eat all of that....but damn it...I was going to try!Somehow I had transformed into a pig (read=pig...not PIGGY!) and this lasagna dish was my trough.  My friend, seeing my dinner, tried to take a fork full taste for himself.  He nearly lost an hand in the process."MINE", I growled, as I continued to shovel into my mouth the cheesy bubbly goodness that I am going to be working off in the gym for months.  My fellow gay brethren stared from outside, as I shed all sense of decorum and ate...and ate...and ate."Don't judge me!" I thought.  I would have said it, but that would have meant pausing in my eating, and stopping was not an option.  This was the best damn lasagna I'd had in 5 years (granted, it's also the only lasagna I've had in 5 years).  Sadly, I had to stop, as if I ate any more food, I would have been sick.  Not to mention, I think I split the back of my pants open.Thankfully our waiter wrapped up the remaining 2/3, which I will be able to eat for breakfast...and lunch, and dinner today. It was that much food!Now some of you (well any of you who've actually read this far down) may be wondering why I only rated this restaurant 4 stars.  Well, you see, I had dinner last night at 8:00 pm.  It is now 12:30 the next day.  I've brushed my teeth twice, flossed, had several cups of coffee and some sugarless gum.  Yet still I'm tasting garlic 16 hours later!  Enough already.  I need to get on a treadmill.  My waist currently resembles a muffin top.
<review# 1281,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2006,12/20/2006,75,147,7,4,3>I guess when I saw the name "The Hairy Monk," I figured it was a bar that specialized in Trappist and Abbey ales.  It doesn't.  In fact, it doesn't have any exotic or interesting beers at all.  The beer selection at THM gets two stars, since the most interesting beers they carry on tap are Hoegaarden and Smithwick's.The ultra-friendly and warm atmosphere and vibe at this place, though, gets five stars.  I don't know if it was the particular night I picked (Wednesday before going to dinner up the street,) but everything about this place said, "come in, sit down, have a drink!  Waste some time here!  Waste some money here!  Waste some brain cells here!  We don't care if you're pathetic and alone!"  While I guess it is a sports bar (I don't watch sports,) the televisions weren't so huge or loud that they offended us non-sports watchers.So, if you average out 2 stars for the beer selection and 5 for the atmosphere, it comes out to 3.5 stars.  I rounded up.
<review# 1282,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2006,12/19/2006,39,48,3,11,14>Well, let me tell you, this is the only place to get your cheese. Just accept it as a fact. There is no other. Take a walk along third ave, and stop by the store whose windows are completely covered in colorful handwritten signs for cheeses and prices. The storefront seems out of place, but thats just because its been there for so long it looks like the grandaddy that will outlive all the lame little delis and salons that have recently moved in next door. Anyhow, open the door. For $1, may we interest you in a giant hunk of herbed brie? Or some Boursin (which ususally sells for about $5)? Or a nice log of goat cheese? Take another step foward and contemplate taking a ball of gouda the size of a wiffleball out of a big basket labled $3. Or maybe go to the cheese counter, and get anything from a delicious havarti to a green soy cheddar (uhm..let me know how this goes). Or you could get a variety of antipasto: olives, artichoke hearts, gerkins, roasted peppers... Or maybe some spiced ham? Or how about some cream cheese, various types? The list goes on in the back of the store: gnocchi, crackers, jams, pepperoni, pesto, cookies etc etc. Oh did I mention the coffee counter, which has morning specials of coffee and danishes, or you could get a quiche pie, or a baguette. When I was describing this shop to my friends, it sounded like it was a huge megamart, but in reality, all of this magically fits into a little hole in the wall no bigger than your corner deli. Smaller, acutally. Anyhow, go have a ball. Set up a picnic, or a fancy antipasto plate for dinner guests. But just remember, this store only takes cash. But thanks to the prices, you won't need much of it.
<review# 1283,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2006,12/18/2006,11,5,6,3,6>Last night I went to Pegu for the first time, and I quite like the place. It's upscale, but I saw people there in baseball shirts. The drinks are, of course, excellent, and not all that expensive for Manhattan, as some of the cocktails can be had for $12. At one point in the evening, I saw a gentleman ask for "Two Amstel Lights and a red bull and stoli", only to be informed by the bartender that they didn't carry Amstel Light, Stoli, or Red Bull. Respect.
<review# 1284,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2006,12/17/2006,487,973,1,17,15>Little Branch is an experience, an event really.  I wouldn't just go here during some West Village bar-hopping excursion, but rather because I want a sexy, sophisticated atmosphere where I can enjoy a fabulous cocktail with close friends.  Little Branch is the type of "secret" neighborhood bar that will really impress a date or some special out-of-town guests.  Once you locate the unassuming door, on the corner of 7th Ave. and Leroy St., you find yourself ushered down a small flight of steps into the bowels of the city.  A small, low lit and inviting room awaits you at the bottom of the steps.  There are a number of comfortable booths lining the far wall, each adorned with a single candle and hooks to hang your hat and coat.  If you can't get a table, no worries, as there is plenty of room near the bar.  Putting the charming speakeasy aesthetics aside, the main reason to go to Little Branch is for the cocktails.  Drink specials are listed on a small menu, and though wine and beer (and even champagne) are offered, you will want to opt for one of the mixed drinks.  Each bartender at Little Branch is trained by a master mixologist, and even if you aren't sure about what to order, just trust the bartenders to create something special for you.  You will not be disappointed.  The drinks are so well-crafted (yes, well-crafted) that you are able to taste each ingredient while still being able to enjoy the overall combination of a truly unique cocktail.  Like Fight Club, Little Branch has a few rules, but I won't disclose them to you.  You should have the experience of discovering them for yourself during your first visit to the bar.  Here's a big hint: be sure to use the restroom at least once during your time at Little Branch.
<review# 1285,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/26/2006,12/16/2006,47,63,19,8,10>This place has great tapas and even better atmosphere.  Brick, wood, candles and velvet drapes.  The ham croquettes were delicious: like mini cheese sticks, with ham in them as an added bonus.But the highlight at Flor De Sol was the music.  There was a flamenco band playing -- with an Asian keyboardist and a flautist who moved his hips a lot.   My favorite member of the band, though, was the cowbellist.  This man is probably the computer guy at your office.  Mild, unassuming, slightly awkward--he wears glasses and keeps to himself.  But, on those certain nights, when the moon is full and the music is right, this dude goes off on his cowbell.  He pounds on it like a starved monkey trying to crack a coconut.  He's in a zone.  It's inspiring, and it's a reason to check this place out.  Another reason -- the entertainment is free of charge.Ask not for whom the bovine bell tolls-- it tolls for free.
<review# 1286,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2006,12/15/2006,121,114,30,2,5>Okay, I'm going to skip a review and get right down to the embarrassing anecdote.The first time I ate at Rice was on a first date with a girl I met  in an improv class. She was beautiful, smart, and funny and wanted desperately to impress her. She worked down the street and was familiar with Rice menu. Although I tried not to show it, I was a nervous wreak. When it came to ordering I asked her what her favorite dish was and ordered that, the waitress asked if we wanted anything to start and my date said "Do you want to get some edamame?" "Sure!" I said not knowing what edamame was. The waitress returned several minutes later with a bowl of perfectly steamed and salted edamame. I watched how my date ate them and did the same, slipping the edamame peas into my mouth, hoping they didn't taste terrible. They were great.About halfway through our meal, I was keenly aware that I had some serious gas. This gas only intensified as the night wore on and a bar later, I was in serious pain trying desperately not to fart in front of this girl. I held, what I imagined to be the mother of all farts, back. "Jesus," I said to myself in the bathroom mirror after I had excused myself, "what are in those things?"My only thought was that the edamame were exacting retribution for actions perpetrated by my ancestors in the pacific theater during World War ll.To make a long story shorter, The night was a huge success. Holding back the fart took my mind off being nervous and I impressed the girl so much we dated for years. Me and edamame still cause problems, and while I appreciate their help on that relationship, I'm going to skip them on my next date.
<review# 1287,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/20/2006,12/14/2006,26,187,8,7,6>Sour is the first thing you think when you hear pickles. Its such a stereotype no? Well, these sour suckers have their own national day! Who would've thunk it! I came down to this trendy spot right off of china town. Two blocks of street served as the setting for the event. I was somewhat disappointed. While they had some things going on and samples here and there, well there was not as much variety or activity as it promised in the ad i had seen on line. I did get my share of them. My daughter (6) was my date for the event. She is a pickle pro.  She had to spit some of them out... (she doesn't take kindly the unusual flavors offered there. I tried some kim shee, some pickled grapes (very sweet stuff). Not all pickles are pickled the same way, not all are sour. I enjoyed it but something was lacking. For a sixth year of the event. I would have expected a better organization and more offerings. Some of the items were available for sampling but not for sale which is disappointing. And some were just for display. Some more interactivity would have been welcomed as well as variety. Lets see what next year holds...
<review# 1288,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2006,12/13/2006,28,26,5,7,8>Can I live in that store? Please? As a kid I spent a lot of time in Italy visiting my dear grandparents, and I have so many fond memories of the food they would give me... I thought I could only find that stuff in Italy.. How wrong I was... As my friends and I were throwing a Nutella party (yep.. heheh... we like it *that* much), we were told that Buonitalia was the place to go.. Where else would we have found 5 kg jars of Nutella? And it's not just any Nutella, it's the real thing made in Italy, not the NJ wannabe!!! I didn't stop at the Nutella section... My walk around the store was punctuated with "Ooooh" and "Aaaaah"s as each display took me back 20 years - and made me feel like a kid again... At one point I did hug the big Nutella jar. I was that happy (yeah, I was *that* girl). If what you are looking for comes from Italy, you will find it there. Impressive selection of cheese, sweets and everything you need to make your own pasta sauce :)) Mmm mmm mmm. I love cooking and I love italian food, and knowing that there is a place with all of the REAL original ingredients is fantastic!!
<review# 1289,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/6/2006,12/12/2006,37,34,34,13,15>Double Seven? You want to go? Really? But...you're not...you're not going to wear, um, THAT, are you? You are? Oh. Ok. Fine. No, no, I mean I like it, but you just might not blend in. It looks so...off the rack, you know? Maybe you could sit at the next booth or something. Only you can't because you'd have to reserve a table and pay a few hundred per bottle, and I know you don't have that kind of cash. If you did you wouldn't be wearing...that.Well, it's dimly lit anyway so maybe nobody will really see you.Tonight? Are you sure? Do you think you could lose 10 to 15 pounds by then? I mean, I think you look fine - according to the Met Life tables you're a normal weight - but next to the other women there you'll probably look like a candidate for Celebrity Fit Club. Not that you look like a celebrity, but neither do the people on that show. Speaking of which, we'd better get there before 10 pm, before they fire up the velvet rope action, because otherwise you won't get in. That's for sure.Have you thought of dying your hair blond? Probably no one will really talk to you if you don't, but then again, what's the point, because we already talked about the clothes and the weight thing, so...just don't complain about the pricey drinks, ok? The people who go there don't even notice. In fact, when I was there last, it was for the birthday party of a friend of a friend. And his friends had reserved one of those tables, and the pitchers of - were those mojitos? Sour, but sweet, perfectly mixed. I don't know, I had a few in me already, but whatever they were they were the BEST - anyway, the pitchers kept coming. The birthday guy, he didn't know me - he didn't know my friend that well either - but I didn't lay even a dime on the table. And all that booze must have cost a buck or two, you know what I mean? I should tell you, don't try to approach any of the patrons at the other booths, or sit in their, ah, AREAS. Because I saw someone do that when I was there - it wasn't me, of course, but you know, some hick, probably from Murray Hill - and this person sat down and tried to talk to this guy, only he was obviously a much higher quality person, because he worked at Vogue and didn't need to be talking to the riff raff and then, SWOOSH! Before you knew it, a staffer was over there asking her if she had come in with the party she was now sitting with, and tactfully requesting that she return to her designated area. It wasn't me, but someone who shouldn't have been in there - maybe from South Dakota? Or Jackson Heights? Anyway, they must have Lo-jacks on people so that they can track them around the lounge and send out a high alert when someone strays out of his or her designated area. You know, all hands on deck sort of thing. Maybe it's zoned, by coolness, in a tiered system. So, like, you'd be in Area One, near the restrooms, and I'd be in Area Ten, the highest, coolest, area. No offense. Oh, and by the way, if Dylan McDermott comes in with his date and sits in one of those great leather circular booths, like he did when I was there, DO NOT go over and try to talk to him, or shoot him looks, or act as though you know who he is, ok? Yeah, I guess you're right, even you know that. So. Ok, then. Ready?
<review# 1290,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2006,12/11/2006,349,349,18,11,19>.                                                     Wow!                                              Awesome                                  Free Internet too!                         New iPods/MacBooks              Uber-functional assortmentReal innovation that invites copying              Free workshops/training too                        And a cool Genius Bar                                 Apple--I am sold!                                              Eye candy                                                       Yum!
<review# 1291,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2012,7/24/2012,300,235,9,14,8>We all know that hair salons in NY costs about an arm and a leg. Lucky for me, I found Hair Lounge!! Yes, I know it's location is not all that posh, but there are some perks being located in Chinatown... like getting good eats after your haircut!! If you're too cool for Chinatown, then you're in luck, starting May they are opening a 2nd location down in St Marks!!The good news is all the great stylists from the first location will all be working at the new location as well!! Make sure you call to see what location they will be at on the day of your appt!I've been going to the Chinatown location for about 6 months now. Since my first trip, I was so happy w/so many of the services:-Shampoo - they really take the time when shampooing your hair. I never feel rushed, and it's actually a very relaxing almost therapeutic. -Head Massage - yes this is included in your "shampoo", again, they do not rush thru the massage. They really know what they are doing!-Hair Cut - I have thick, damaged long hair, I know it can be a pain for any stylist, but Yoko always takes her time cutting my hair. She also answers all my hair questions :]-Color - I've only colored my hair once here so far (I will be doing it again soon) but wow, Yoko and her assistant really takes the time to make sure my hair gets to color I requested. She studies the color and constantly checks the strands to ensure the right coloration. I couldnt be any happier!!-Bang Trims - whenever I need to stop in for a bang trim, no matter the time, I usually just call an hour or 2 before and I am always welcomed. Even w/just a bang trim, Yoko really takes the time to get my bangs just the way I like it :]My sister and her bf also started coming here soon after I found it. They also have been very happy w/the services. Her bf gets shampoo, cut, & blow. Even on male hair, they dont use clippers, they use scissors! They really take the time and is very meticulous when styling your hair. So happy I found this place!
<review# 1292,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2012,7/23/2012,659,637,9,13,9>I am not a huge BBQ fan, so I don't go bonkers over this stuff, like a lot of people used to back in 2008 when everyone became BBQ and slow food nutso.  However, I will say that the food at Daisy May's is pretty good.From the outside, the store looks quite large, but that really is not the case.  You order in a cramped area inside the door, but you can see the food that you are ordering right up front, which is a nice touch.  The dining area is a similarly smallish room down a hall past the front door.  The dining space is set up with communal dining tables, and good luck if you roll in there after a Zog Sports event from the nearby Clinton Park spills into Daisy's, as there will be nowhere to sit.  The food is pretty good.  I usually get the Kansas City sweet and sticky ribs with a couple of sides.  The ribs are tender and flavorful, with lots of sauce.  For sides, I usually get the mac and cheese and baked beans.  It is a fantastic combo, IMO.  Another nice touch is that you can get wine.  We often get a bottle of Malbec to wash down the ribs.  My ol' lady got the Oklahoma jumbo beef rib, which is a Flintstones sized hunk of beef on a massive bone.  I have never seen anything like it before anywhere else.  Is this the best BBQ ever? No, but it is quite good, so stop fussing and order some ribs.
<review# 1293,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2012,7/22/2012,67,318,11,13,13>You know gentrification has arrived, not by the arrival of Starbucks, but by the arrival of its much more contrarian, niche step-sister - the one off boutique cafes. And thank god for that. The coffee is delicious. Croissants are sourced from Balthazaar. Cannot deal with the selectively, but awkward friendliness of hipster cashiers who also engage in the most vapid chatter - in such a confined space, it truly gives it a poor vibe. Whatever happened to the intelligence that lends itself to an authentically pretentious ennui against the mediocrity of the rest of society? Now it's just ...omg, my life is such a struggle. But that's a side issue, just bring headphones, you'll need it for the stroller heavy traffic anyway. Love the bathroom too.
<review# 1294,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2012,7/21/2012,183,83,13,8,9>Every time I've ever gone to The Patriot I've drunkenly screamed the question to my friends, "Why don't we come here every night?!". This is usually followed with a trip to the cramped bathroom where I throw up everywhere. And it's at that moment that two things happen. One, I realize why we don't come every night. Two, I reevaluate my life.The Patriot is one of the few great true dive bars left in the city. It's two levels, plays country music, and has a $5 whiskey shot and PBR special. The bartenders drink with you, and as a result usually end up dancing on the bars themselves while handing out free shots. My liver could not handle being a regular here, but it's fun every once in a while to get bombed here. Big events in my friends' lives are marked by a trip to The Patriot. One time my friend got engaged, and I asked her if she wanted to celebrate with a nice dinner, and I could see the wheels in her brain spinning. The light went on. And she whispered as if we were in an old Gary Cooper western, "The Patriot.". It ended up being one of the best nights of all time. Of all time.If you're looking for a hot club scene or a date spot, then this place is not for you. I have to say that if you find a girl that likes getting bombed at the Patriot, she's special and you should keep her. You'll never find a tourist here, and it's not very clean. Come here with a good group of friends after work, play some pool, and forget your troubles with their ridiculously cheap drinks.
<review# 1295,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2012,7/20/2012,379,192,15,15,14>In an effort to make my life as boring as possible I have eliminated alcohol from my diet. The only vice I have left is shopping- which works out well since my new fun-less ness has saved me hundreds of dollars in bar tabs and sloppy antics. Basically everything in my closet and apartment is now a repercussion of this- up to an including the 80 year old taxidermy deer head I recently hung up on my wall. But still! I need more fun! Something more to fill the void! This is where Fish Eddy comes in. I'm a big fan of vintage. Vintage vintage vintage, blah blah blah. While Fish Eddy doesn't have genuine vintage flatware or kitchenware it is vintage-inspired (I would italicize "inspired" for emphasis but since I can't this parenthetical statement will have to suffice). I would compare it to Anthropologie but Fish Eddy sells kitchen stuff that is less cutsie, more gender-nonspecific. If you need an intro, check online, it's the same stuff but without the instant gratification of taking it home immediately. And really, who doesn't need a Rest in Grease spoonrest? I sure as hell do!Think solid color-wheel colors, polkadot napkin holders, striped things, NY-oriented stuff, fun dishtowels with monochromatic prints, coffee mugs with personality. Also think not too expensive. Everything would work great for a dinner party or alone by itself without all of the matching coordinates. This place is a definite go. So go.
<review# 1296,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2012,7/19/2012,46,548,21,6,5>They said it, and now I'll repeat it: 5 dumplings for $1. I don't get how this guy makes money. He's either funded by the USDA to provide meals to malnourished Chinatown students or a retired manufacturer of ipod accessories in China now living his dumpling shop dream.  Or maybe a Chinese reverse merger company CEO who's bilked naive investors (translation: investors) and cashed out and hoping to live in relative obscurity. Either way he's doing a good public service now.  Dumplings r great. Appear to be homemade. Not some crappy frozen stuff I get outta the pack. 10 should fill u up, 15 put u in a dizzy. The fried beef sesame pancake was good but oily, I'd stick to the dumplings IMO. Good frying sir. Will def be back for a snack or the cheapest meal ever.
<review# 1297,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2012,7/18/2012,227,94,5,19,5>The rooftop bar at Ink48 puts all the well-known/trendy/clubbish rooftop bars to shame.Every time I have friends in town, this is always a destination of choice. Unlike the other posh overrated rooftop bars (Hudson Terrace? 230 Fifth? C'mon, how can you call yourself a rooftop bar when your building is only 5 stories tall and looks into the window of a highrise office building?), this place actually has a great view of the city. The indoor area is spacious with a lot of group seating, and the outdoor space...well, it overlooks the whole damn city for god sake! The ambiance is relaxed and intimate, with just a pinch of trendy swank just to remind you that you're in the greatest city in the world.The drinks? Average, comically pricey, but that's not really what you go to a rooftop bar for is it? =D
<review# 1298,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2012,7/17/2012,169,219,5,10,10>From the team behind Forcella comes this late night gem! Do not be scared by the word fried, instead learn to love it because I promise you you will fall in love with La Montanara.  Now when you come here do not think you're getting some greasy fried food, instead you are paying ( and may I add very reasonable prices) for some lightly fried gourmet food. Now the pizzas here are fried... lightly fried then baked and the results are WOW pure amazingness! I was lucky enough to try pretty much everything on the menu and I fell in love with it all I can't pick just one. Now lets talk pizza:- La Montanara  the signature dish hence the name, a fried margherita is so delicious, its crispy it fluffy is perfect!-Funghi funghi funghi yum yum yum mozzarella and mushrooms what else do I need? o yea and perfect crispiness once again!-Marinara is simple and just with the right amount of garlic what great flavor!- Salumi Piccante a mixture of sweet and spicy flavors of salami and tomato and mozzarella just make a great pie!Tartufo is ham, mozzarella, mushrooms and are you ready... Truffle OIl WOW! So as you can tell I am drooling writing this review I think I may go and grab a pie or 5 after I'm done yelping =)-The small bites are great snacks... fried rice ball yum, fried potato croquette, and fried meat balls are all just amazing and will have you craving more!- Now one of my faves here is the porchetta panini with mozzarella it just melts in your mouth and haunts your dreams.... yup that good!- As I always say make sure you leave room for dessert because you don't want to miss this:- Lightly fried nutella pizza... thank you for creating this and introducing it into my life!- Angioletti fried dough strips with nutella another great dessert that will get you hooked!I definitely recommend this home of fried goodness! Another big plus is that they are open late real late!
<review# 1299,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2012,7/16/2012,229,197,3,12,4>How have I not written a review for my favorite neighborhood restaurant and bar yet? *I read this frequently on Yelp.Maybe it's because I don't want to let the secret out of the bag. Unfortunately for me, great for my friends at Cowgirl, I think the secret is out.Happy hour $5 frozen margaritas every single day of the week. The prickly pear frozen margarita is the most amazing drink I've ever had the honor to imbibe.Their food is awesome. I've had the nachos, snakebites (very, very spicy), sweet potato fries, veggie burger and (my absolute favorite) the salads! The staff is amazing. The bartenders are friendly, love the regulars and are always laughing and joking around with patrons.The ambience is relaxed and fun. It's family friendly, but also a great place to get drinks with friends.Love, love, love!
<review# 1300,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2012,7/15/2012,1379,2327,40,48,42>I love the smell of gunpowder in the morning! Nothing like smoking shell casings, packing your own ammo, and a hot cup of coffee to get your blood pumping!This had to be one of the most fun things I have done with my merry group of Yelp friends. What better way to celebrate a birthday (Julia B) than by shooting round after round of 22 caliber bullets at multiple targets?Feel the firepower!The West Side Rifle & Pistol Range is just an amazing place hidden away in the basement level of a building that is very normal looking on West 20th street. As you enter the actual facility it is like being exposed to another world. Everyone who works there is packing heat, including the tattoo'ed up older gentleman manning the main counter who would probably blow your head off with a wink of the eye. You constantly hear the pop pop pop of guns being fired. Pictures and posters of celebrities and important people who have been here line the walls. This is a world seemingly unknown to most. Before coming here you need to have a background check ahead of time and if you are lucky enough to pass that then you are in! First time entrance fee is $65 and that covers a three month trial membership, 50 rounds of ammo, and a safety/training session with a certified shooting instructor. Our instructor, Raymond, was terrific. Not only was he very personable, but highly informative, patient, and funny too. He taught us all the basics of using a Ruger 22 caliber rifle - loading, unloading, stance, arming the magazines, how to hold the gun safely, etc. He is a pro and did not take this lightly, which is best for all. It had been a while since I had been out shooting and having this course as part of the package is a great idea. They are dead serious about safety here. I was surprised they let our marginally demented group actually hold weapons!Raymond then led us to one of the firing ranges. The range had seven stations, which was just right for our party, and some random dude that barged in on our birthday group. He told us there is always a spot open to shoot if we ever come back as I think there is more than one range. We had a blast! Each one of us was firing away at targets 25 and 50 feet away. You can get cocky and push the target far out to the back wall and see how good you are. We all did pretty well as shell casings bounced all around. I was surprisingly accurate considering I had not shot a rifle in years. Just remember to sweep up your area as casings are everywhere.I absolutely loved this place! I feel everyone should know how to handle a weapon safely, learn how to shoot, and it's also a great way to develop hand-eye coordination. Plus, it's a good stress reliever. The $65 three month membership means that you can return at any time without making an appointment, re-doing the background check, or having to sit through the safety class again. You pay just $35 a visit plus ammo rounds. You are issued a card with your name, date you first came, and a membership number. A year membership is very affordable at only $275. Plus, if you sign up within a week of your first visit they apply that $65 towards it, so the cost ends up being $210 for the year which includes unlimited shooting time and no range fees. This is a terrific deal!Of course, we all went out drinking after this! With my birthday coming up this might make for a great gift that I will surely use. Need to start dropping the hints! Looks like now I will be ready to kill many zombies, as watching all those episodes of The Walking Dead will not go to waste!
<review# 1301,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2014,8/2/2014,245,103,6,9,11>I know some people are like, "Meh, Asian Fusion", but I am not one of those people. I have been to a number of Dim sum places in the city- from hole in the wall dumpling places in Chinatown to pretty popular touristy places like Jing Fong, to some divey Brooklyn places where I am never exactly sure what is in the actual dumpling. I wouldn't say I am a Dim sum expert, but I know what I like.Anyway, I came here the other night with a small group. The place boasts communal sitting, which I like, and makes it easy for groups. I can see how this would be annoying if you were trying to have a 1:1 romantic date.I am not a pork eater (at least not knowingly) so I steered clear of any pork themed dumplings. The Pac Man shrimp dumplings were awesome (and cute, though that isn't something I usually rate food on). The crunchy vegetable & peanut dumplings were tasty, the spicy crispy beef was memorable and the steamed lobster dumplings were also pretty great. No one in my group ordered an entree, so I can not comment on that. Ambiance is cool/hip/trendy, service was average, and food was above average. We came on a weekday night at around 6:30pm. No wait.  Overall, pretty solid dumpling dining experience.
<review# 1302,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2014,8/1/2014,105,80,6,19,16>With very limited exposure to Filipino food, Jeepney perfectly served up a wide sampling of dishes and let me know that I need to seek it out far more often.The incredible amount of people both inside and outside Jeepney on a Wednesday should have been the first tip off to its popularity, but after coming in on a whim I didn't know what to expect. The menu is filled with traditional dishes that range from Bone Marrow soup to fresh seafood, ribs, and various rice dishes.With such limited knowledge and unfamiliar names of dishes, we asked our waitress for a walkthrough of the menu, and she provided excellent descriptions and recommendations based on our tastes. Her patience and enthusiasm for the food and our first time trying it was infectious and we ended up ordering nearly everything she recommended. Our meals included The Chori Burger (voted one of the best in the city, and there's a reason for it), Coconut rice, and BBQ ribs. I'm not always a fan of trying other's dishes, but found myself unable to prevent myself from digging in on my friend's food. We came on a Wednesday night, and got to witness the magic that is Kamayan night, a wildly popular eat-with-your-hands feast. It looked so fun that we already made plans to go back and try it with our friends.. I can hardly think of a more authentic and original meal than I've had at Jeepney, and I can't wait to bring more people here with me to experience it.
<review# 1303,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2014,7/31/2014,208,212,3,14,7>Awesome quaint little spot in the village! We came on a Tuesday, for lunch and the place was FULL (Always a good sign!). We were lucky to be sited on the little outdoor terrace, it was so nice on a beautiful day. The food menu comes on a little post card thingie, I appreciate the small menu, it makes it easy to read, to choose and to get together. We started off with sharing the duck rillettes, DELICIOUS! -very little portion- but very delicious, and very authentic. The bread that comes with it is rustic, toasted, and drizzled with olive oil, yumminess of crunchiness. I had the prosciutto, parmesan, steamed eggs with toasts, it was very good. I love the simplicity of it all. The steamed eggs reminded me of super fluffy scrambled eggs, the prosciutto was paper thing and the cheese not overpowering. Again, the bread was toasted, rustic and lightly drizzled with olive oil. Quite delectable all together. My friend had the Croque Forestier with mushrooms, of course I stole a bite. It was so good, the cheese, the stuffing, anything with mushroom has to be yummy! The portion was big, you get two sandwiches with the order: value wise, the croque may be the best bet for your buck. The staff: stellar. Everyone was smiling, very friendly, very attentive, and professional. We had a great experience and I will love to go back soon and try out different croques!
<review# 1304,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2014,7/30/2014,135,1106,5,26,10>This is my 1,000th review (!!!), and I'm so happy that I'm writing it about a new fantastic restaurant in my beloved Upstate Manhattan: Burger Heights.A few weeks ago while walking to the 1 Train, the signage above the entrance caught my eye, and my interest was piqued. This location, between 181st and 182nd on Wadsworth, seemed a bit off of the beaten path. I was unsure of when it was going to open, but a slew of Yelp reviews popping up on my main Yelp page yesterday seemed to show that, indeed, business was up and running!I convinced the beau to meet me up there for dinner. (Though, honestly, I didn't have to twist his arm too hard.) Right away, I was pleased with the vibe it put out: It has that garage door open-style, with two wooden counters free and exposed to Wadsworth. We perused the computerized menu above the cash register to decide upon our burger choices. The menu is small, but we both agreed that's a good thing; akin to a Shake Shack, you've got a few choices to select from with the option to double up on meat patties. I liked that. While there were plain options and two kinds of veggie burger options, I decided to be a bit bolder and go for The Amsterdam: A Pat LaFrieda meat patty with guacamole, tomato, and queso fresca. The beau opted for the Heights Burger with a double patty. THESE. BURGERS. ARE. AMAZING. The meat on both burgers, which we asked for medium rare, almost literally melted in our mouths. The buns were pillowy soft. The gauc on The Amsterdam was perfect and not so overwhelming in which it weighed down the burger or the bun. The special sauce on the Heights Burger had a good flavor with a slight hint of mustard. The lettuce on the Heights Burger, though a little large, was incredibly green and crisp, as if it was just picked from a garden five minutes prior. Also on the docket were a chocolate gelato milkshake and an order of fries, both of which were fantastic. The fries were clearly housemade, and the milkshake had a deep chocolate flavor to it.And can we talk PRICES? I find it funny that, as a New Yorker, I automatically assume that any good hamburger will cost me at least $12. As much as I don't like to admit this, I was honestly shocked, though pleasantly, when I saw the prices of burgers at this place. The most expensive hamburger was about $6.50, and that was The Amsterdam. The basic burger was less than $4. This place is Shake Shack-esque, but leaps and bounds above it. The food quality is fantastic, the space is cute, and the service is friendly, though there are still a few kinks to work out in the order taking process. (Our cashier was nice, but it took her a while to get our order down pat. No matter! I have faith. Haha.) I am so glad this place is in my neighborhood and I hope that it thrives! I know I'll be returning many MANY times.
<review# 1305,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2014,7/29/2014,320,57,25,27,24>Your walking into TONS of meat here, this place by far sells the one of the best types of steaks even offered to the public! Pros-has a full functional bar (bar tenders do know how to make many bar drinks that are out now)- it is all you can eat and it's when you want. With the sign they give you if you filp the sign green they will keep coming to you and offer you any type of meat you like and if the sign is red then the waiters know that your full or you need to take some time for round 2-definitely worth going to dine in with a group or with family. - the waiters are very funny and engaging to make you laugh at some point-if you happen to go in a group please reserve at least a day in advance please it does get crowded and you will have to wait an hour at least before your group name is called.-they have a complete salad bar with tons of sushi,veggies, and riceConsThey don't tell you that it takes a few minds getting the waiters to you and will tell you to use the salad bar until the waiters come around with the meat. I would not suggest you to dig Into the salad bar because by the time you do that your gonna be full before you eat any meat. -overall meal is pricey so come here when you feeling a bit fancy and lavish.Overall come to this location and experience the luxurious lifestyle of this Brazilian steakhouse!
<review# 1306,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2014,7/28/2014,443,376,10,15,13>Anniversary time is here, and that means it's time to look for that perfect gift.Fortunately, I knew she always wanted a Pandora bracelet - but finding a dealer nearby was sort of challenging.I came across this store on Pandora's website and decided to give it a shot.Upon entering, I was assisted by Robin, who was extremely helpful in finding some great charms and bracelets that would suit my lady's preference.  She was very patient about my questions and really did a great job of explaining how to build an attractive bracelet.  After checking out a bunch of samples, I was able to purchase a set that made my lady happy when I gave it to her.While I was in the store, I had a chance to check out their other merchandise.  They had a nice selection and it was good to see that they offered attractive jewelry at reasonable prices (with the Pandora items being the same as the list prices on the company's website).  What really is good about this store is how friendly and accommodating the folks are.  I wasn't sure if the length of the bracelet I purchased was appropriate and Robin told me to come back if the size was too big.  Two hours later we came back to exchange it for a smaller size, no questions asked (I also ended up buying two more charms, simply because I was impressed with their service).In the future, we will definitely back for our upcoming Pandora or other purchases at this store.  It's nice to see a jewelry store that really treats their customers right and doesn't push people to make any purchases.  It made the entire experience very comfortable and hassle free.
<review# 1307,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2014,7/27/2014,367,162,20,25,17>Cash only, but there is an ATM.The Boil is simply awesome! This is my spot!The food is ridiculously flavorful here! It reminds me of what is known as a "Low Country Boil" or "Beaufort Stew" back in South Carolina.(Note: I've only had the boiled shrimp, crawfish, and king crab legs)TIP:Do yourself a favor and get the House Special Seasoning, preferably with at least medium spice. The House Special is strong and bold, enhancing the taste of the seafood just enough while steering clear of being abrasive. Perfecto!SIDE NOTE:You may be urged to take the remaining season left in your bag home with you to sop up with a biscuit or something. Try your best to resist this temptation.ANOTHER TIP:The wait for this place is ridiculous on a regular basis. You can either get their early, say about 5 to eat immediately with your party. Or you can arrive, make a reservation in person for a specific time, and then go back. Of course the later you wait, the less flexibility and perhaps the longer the required wait. Fortunately I can quickly get back to my place quite quickly via CitiBike so reservations aren't terrible. DISCLAIMER: These are only guidelines and not a guarantee. I've noticed weeknights and inclement weather can shorten wait times.WARNINGS:The combos, or 2 pounds or more of an item come with A corn and A potato. I over looked this in my liberated state the first time with expectations of how we prepare this dish back home. All of the seafood is joined in the boil with abundant pieces of potatoes, corn, and sausage.TIP x3:Be prepared to leave smelling like some good @$$ seafood. Things will get messy and juices maybe flying. You can dress accordingly to your liking with that info.TIP IV:You might want to double up on the rubber gloves. The sauce seeps through. What's more, a lemon, or other strong citrus fruit goes a long way to cutting the seafood garlic smell on your hands. The Boil does give you little wet wipes thought to clean your hands after your indulgence.HEADS UP:Only cash is accepted. There is however an ATM at the front of the store. One option is to visit the ATM of your local bank while waiting.SUGGESTION:If you're not sure how to eat crawfish ask your waiter/waitress. They will be happy to demonstrate the procedure for you. You can also read the guide on how to eat crawfish by looking in the left most window of the restaurant, ...while waiting outside.
<review# 1308,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2014,7/26/2014,804,1655,8,23,14>I now have an American Health and Fitness Alliance New York Yoga PassBook 2014. The book has passes for 425 class passes throughout all of NYC, including the Bronx, Queens, Brooklyn and Long Island.  Buy 3, get 1 free. Will cost you less than $70 for entry to over 130 studios, it is a good deal!  You can use all the passes throughout the whole year of 2014!Check it out here:health-fitness.org/newyo…So one Monday night, I was in the area and decided to drop into a level 2/3 class. The instructor was super nice and laid back. Really loved her energy.Studio is absolutely gorgeous with tons of space. There is a kitchen and eating area. They are constantly making stuff here and leave out snacks for the yogis. Cool atmosphere. I dig it. So get some dried nuts and ginger or suck on a homemade lollipop after class. They let you just use their mats, free water and very large bathroom. Class wasn't crowded. The practice room is comfortable with nice dark colored wooden floors. There is also a small temple in the practice room. This is my favorite #1 studio in NYC and I have been to a ton...So worth it to practice here, I could spend all day here!
<review# 1309,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2014,7/25/2014,486,392,6,18,15>David Chang's Momofuku Milk Bar impresses with a lineup of desserts, a multitude of sweet, buttery, salty/sweet treats that arouse curiosity. With names like Crack Pie, Oatmeal Creme Pie Soft Serve and Compost Cookie, it's hard not to wonder. There are a few locations, and I've managed to sample Momofuku Milk Bar at Madison Square Eats when open, however, the selection can be limited. The East Village location itself is a primetime spot. As for the space, it's actually quite small, without seating, and severe limitations to decor. Going back on their desserts though, this is where their praise is well deserved. For a not so sweet tooth person, The Crack Pie, while ultra sweet, is perhaps one of the most impressive desserts I've encountered. It's super chewy with each bite. Sugar coated with 'crack' to the right amount. This isn't any typical pie, and it's one to have if at the Milk Bar. The Cereal Milk beverage and Cereal Milk Soft-Serve is going to be an instant favorite for those who look forward to slurping the milk leftover from their cereal. That is exactly a way to describe the flavor. I thoroughly enjoyed their Cereal Milk Soft-Serve, and one should have it with the sugared cornflakes. The cornflakes add a nice texture, and the taste has a notable saltiness that contrasts yet complements the cereal milk nicely.If you want something sweet, but also different, experimental in taste and preparation, Momofuku Milk Bar has plenty to offer in that regard. If anything, Crack Pie is a must-try.
<review# 1310,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2014,7/24/2014,206,132,10,28,19>Note: This is a review for "The Office" escape game. It's a rarity when my high expectations are met or exceeded, and Escape the Room (NYC!) was definitely one of those rare occasions! Reserve a ticket on Eventbrite (Friday through Sunday times only). Each time slot will hold up to 10 people. Once there, you'll take an elevator to the 15th floor of an office building and wait for all members of your group to arrive. You'll be trapped inside of a seemingly normal-looking office room. However, there are hidden objects to be discovered and codes, locks, and puzzles that need to be solved using the creative brain power of the people in your group. You'll have an hour to find the key that unlocks the main office door to make an escape. You'll also be given two cards that your group can turn in for two clues (clues of the game master's choosing) at any two points within the hour. Since the room is currently being shared with a graphic designer, there is a small section of the room that isn't part of the game where you will put your coats and bags. In addition, the game master will actually be in the room with you and give you the time remaining while also silently noting the genius and not-so-genius parts of your escape plan! The clues were VERY challenging, and it was such a thrill to work together. My competitive spirit was definitely released. Every time we made progress, we all clapped and yay'd in unison. My group was unfortunately (frustratingly, disappointingly!) not able to escape though we were pretty close. I do think, as Brian R. mentioned, that 10 people may be a bit much. The room is large enough to fit everyone, but with so many people talking at once, it was a bit difficult to know the whereabouts of certain clues without having to shout or ask multiple people. Likelihood of another visit:They're actually going to rent out a new space in the near future where the room(s?) will contain revolving bookcases and more exciting features. I can't wait to try out the new venue! Second note: They've already expanded and have two additional games: The Agency and The Home.
<review# 1311,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2014,10/21/2014,367,162,12,17,14>I love this place! To say it is magnificent would be an understatement. Never again can I just go and enjoy a taco anywhere. Los Tacos No. 1 literally ruined regular taco experiences elsewhere! Thanks Los Tacos! HaHaBut no, seriously... I can't emphasize how remarkable their tacos and guac w/ chips are. They have an extremely fresh taste to them and they are quick. It is as if the items used to prepare the food were harvested or slaughtered earlier that morning. I can recall going to visit Los Tacos soon after getting both of my lower wisdom teeth removed. Did I know I was in for a challenge? Yep, sure did! Not a care was given! It literally took me an hour and a half to nibble through the continents of the two tacos. Listen to what I said, the contents, which means I completely skipped the nice fluffy corn shells. Guess what? I enjoyed every splendid second of it!Am I rambling? Yes! Why? Because I feel like an excited hyper little kid as I think about these amazing tacos.What tacos should you get? It doesn't matter! You can't go wrong so just go with whatever you feel like!The only tip will be to relax. Chelsea Market moves at a different pace. I always feel like I'm going 100mph when I enter because everyone is moving on a none NYC time. Try to walk extra slow and you will fit in with what seems to be majority tourist patrons.
<review# 1312,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2014,10/20/2014,1041,271,17,14,9>Luckily this was a business dinner so I didn't mind the $750 ($110 for the wine) for four tab sans tip. The waiter kept telling us with a smile "I'm going to do for you..." but never mentioned financial sodomy in his repertoire . Ordinarily price isn't an issue but the steak for two was obnoxiously priced. Moreover, the waiter showed us what he said was a dry-aged, well marbled, USDA prime grade, Porterhouse steak for two. I couldn't tell whether is was dry aged but the marbling of the steak revealed that is was USDA choice and not prime (or the lowest grade of prime - there are three grades but nobody ever mentions this).The waiter somehow forgot to mention that the steak was $180! This is the most I ever paid for a choice steak for two in Manhattan. Hell this is the most I've ever paid for a 'prime' steak for two! It tasted good but...The super-hot Venezuelan hostess aside, the food was interesting and surprisingly good. I can't recall what else we ordered but we managed to finish whatever came to our table--whether it was ours to not. Very lively old-school atmosphere, great food overall and the well informed wait staff made the visit to Carbone pleasant despite the lingering financial pain in the tuchus.
<review# 1313,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2014,10/19/2014,208,212,6,18,13>We were invited to try out the club and while we are considering joining, this review is just for the food we've had for dinner. We started off with a strawberry gazpacho with shrimps and avocado. This first course was amazing! It was very refreshing, very tasty and flavorful and the plate looked gorgeous! It came with 3 shrimps, which I find to be a fair serving for the given plate, they were very fresh, clearly cooked on the premises and never frozen. I loved it. The creaminess, the richness, and still very subtle! I couldn't taste any strawberries in it tho, I didn't mind, the soup was amazing. For the second course, I had the halibut with broccoli and asparagus and my husband had the chicken with some sort of puree and vegetables. Both plates were very delicious, but oh SO SMALL. Seriously, the portions were ridiculously small, ridiculous, almost a joke small. That said, my 2 inch square of fish was amazing, perfectly cooked, gently seasoned, the 4 asparagus heads I was given were perfectly grilled, and the two baby broccoli florets kept the crunch I love so much. My husband's plate had a similar plot: amazing 2 inch square of chicken, fantastic tablespoon of puree and delicate mouthful of veggies. Finally, the dessert! It's called the trio of desserts, we had a sliver of tiramisu, a spoonful of creme brulee, one strawberry and one blackberry. Each dessert was very delicious and delicate, the strawberry was perfectly cut in the middle and one knows that takes a special hand. All that said, the food was amazing, but it felt more like a sampler meal that an actual meal. Maybe we are used to having huge plates, but I have a solid appetite and these were no decent sizes at all, so it doesn't matter if members get to eat for free with their guests, if they have to go back out and get a slice of pizza or froyo afterwards, it's not too cool either. We went out afterwards and got froyo... So I will love to go back, maybe even be a member but take this meal as a light meal or big snack. It isn't filling in size, but I guess if you are taking your time and just enjoying, it's cool, but if you rely on this as a real dinner, make sure you have your fill from a late lunch.
<review# 1314,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2014,10/18/2014,113,257,7,8,6>I am not a fan of vegetarian food but I enjoyed the Dosas here. The food is cheap and tastes super fresh. Also everything is pretty authentic which I appreciated. Everything on the menu looks good. I got wither the second or third dosa on the menu and it was delicious. Next time I would get the jaffna curry. We waited in line for almost 20 minutes and normally I would take a star off but they have ginger beer cans that I used to drink in Sri Lanka so I was a happy camper. The cans were $2 and I gladly bought two with all the cash I had. If you just want an appetizer you can skip the line and order from the side.
<review# 1315,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2014,10/17/2014,1806,1048,8,10,12>Molly's, why are you so far away from the UES?How about you open up another branch nearby so that we don't have to make that long trek to the west village?This dessert spot is super cute with their swings at the bar.  They have multiple tables in order for you to enjoy your time their, especially if you are in the mood for board games!!If you know me, you know I am not the biggest sweets type of gal especially those heavy frosting cupcakes where I can barely finish half.  BUT... Molly's has changed my mind with their light and fluffy cupcakes.  If I were to eat sweets, I would be more towards the fruity side and Molly's has that wide selection for me.My favorites are the creme brulee and the peach cobbler.  Not too heavy but just perfect with the flavors on my tongue.  I have tried other ones such as the mango and cookie dough, which were also both delicious but doesn't compare to my favs!Definite recommendation!!!
<review# 1316,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2014,10/16/2014,320,57,27,34,31>This Japanese BBQ spot is really dope check the pros and cons here.Pros-has a VIP sections (you will know when the section is all in white seats and all)for those who want to take someone out on a date.-"noobies" get a full introduction on how Japanese BBQ actually works and the different choices of meat there are.-they have recommendations for those noobies who may not know what to order and it's usually enough for 2-3 people.-staff pays close attention and will assist you if you need help working the grill or if you need a refill on drinks.- "Vets"can chooses the meats that they want to combine into their own dishes. -very well dim lit lighting set to mood to get to know your date or person you bring along Cons - if you skip the recommendations that they have for groups and you stick to choosing your own. Meat you will most likely have to pay more. So tread lightly when doing thatOverall this is a very nice place to take your date or even a group of friends to this social melting pot!
<review# 1317,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2014,10/15/2014,385,701,11,23,17>There is only one thing I come to Hop Shing for, their baked roast pork bun. IMHO it's the best in Chinatown. It's done in the traditional way. It's sweet and savory at the same time and the dough is soft and chewy. The onion and gravy with the roast pork inside makes my mouth sing and my eyes shut to soak it all in all its deliciousness. Do yourself a favor, if you haven't had one, try at least one in your life.Hop Shing stops making baked roast pork buns in the mid afternoon and continue to sell until they sell out. Best to try to get them before 4 pm. More than likely the baked roast pork bun still be warm so eat it ASAP. 90 cents each. Enjoy!
<review# 1318,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2014,10/14/2014,804,1655,9,24,18>There is a reason why this studio is so famous. They offer high quality classes, so it will not disappoint. But be forewarned, you have to have some knowledge of yoga before coming here. I came here for a 6:30pm Open class. The receptionist checked me in quickly, gave me a tour around and explained everything to me. They have a cafe in the studio, so that is cool. They also sell tons of merch (if that's your thing). The locker room is basically only for changing and they have one shower stall. The bathrooms are separate (good idea, alleviates congestion). No lockers really, so take your things into the class. Make sure you also take all your clothes with you too (that's what the receptionist recommended, which means clothes have disappeared), yikes! That would suck to come back and your clothes were gone. Water fountain right outside the changing room. The yoga practise room is big, can probably fit 40 or more yogis. My class wasn't that packed, so we could all spread out. Our instructor was amazing. She started off with some singing and harmonium playing. And then read an excerpt from her lessons. And the theme was "what is your identity?" Got me thinking about that, cool. The practise was challenging and I really enjoyed the challenge. It was very humid the night I went, and so I was sweating profusely. The instructor noticed and came over and rubbed menthol into my neck and back. That really helped to cool me down. She also stretched me out nicely in reverse warrior. She wedged my knee into her legs and kept me stable and kept my knee from bending inward, that helped a lot. I appreciate when an instructor can see your limits and just push you that much further. I reached another level with this instructor. This class is definitely about proper alignment and the further I get into yoga, the more I am aware of how important alignment is. If you don't align correctly, you can get injured. The class ended after 75 minutes. And I have to say the final Oms we chanted were some of the most beautiful. Our instructor has a beautiful voice. I will def be back regardless if I have a pass or not. Just be prepared to work and to reap the rewards later.
<review# 1319,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2014,10/13/2014,486,392,11,19,16>Hidden and tucked in a basement level floor, Bangia is a very typical Korean joint, though you're in for a great night here. Expect full authenticity when it comes to their service, food, and drink. There could be the potential for some language barriers, so it certainly helps to have a guest who speaks the native tongue, but not required. Their pricing is right, they have plenty of TVs for sports loving folks, there's a full bar, many tables/seats to go around, great food menu. They have the right setup and atmosphere for larger parties. For a night of full-blown eating and drinking, Bangia is definitely the spot to check out. Bangia is all about drinking and eating, more eating and more drinking. And, repeat. Order bottles of soju and two or more of their appetizing dishes, ideally meant to be shared with another or amongst a group. Their dishes come large in portion. We came as a group of three, split four bottles of soju, along with two large platters -- The marinated Pork Feet and the Seafood Dukbokki (spicy rice cake with seafood resting in spicy sauce and tons of mozzarella). This is clearly Korean comfort food at its best. The pork feet was delicious, though the ultimate, clear winner was the Seafood Dukbokki. Simply amazing. No doubt, their dukbokki is a must-try. The preparation is wonderful, portion is more than generous, and it's just an incredibly satisfying comfort food dish. This was perhaps the best dukbokki I've experienced in Ktown. It's loaded with seafood, mozzarella, and rice cake. The ingredients were all in balance. I have no complaints regarding the food. Some negatives, however -- The service can be a bit slow. Servers do come around quite often, so you can wave them over should you need something. Because their dishes are on the larger side, expect at least 20 minute wait or more on preparation. Otherwise, no outstanding issues to note. Bangia is simply the perfect casual, no-frills Ktown spot for binge eating and drinking. I'll be sure to return again for many, many bottles of soju and their mind-blowing Seafood Dukbokki.
<review# 1320,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2014,10/12/2014,206,132,9,22,17>Root and Bone - the name of the restaurant alludes to fresh produce and meat and that's exactly what is offered in their dishes. Add in a dash of creativity, lovely Southern charm, and the work of two former Top Chef contestants, and you have yourself quite a winning restaurant.The interior looks a bit like an open cottage with muted grays and browns; splashes of color can be found in the hanging terrariums, tiny flowers on the wall, mismatched plates at each table, and in the food itself. The larger room even has a large china cabinet and it's exactly that cozy, open feel that really brings out the restaurant's farm-to-table quality.The fried chicken n' waffle sandwich (named "Avenue A" on the lunch menu) was really quite divine. Two small round sandwiches came per order, and the buns were replaced with soft cheddar waffles. I was expecting a bit of a crisp edge to the waffles, but they were instead soft; they surprisingly held the large chunks of fried chicken well. The chicken pieces were prepared in a maple whiskey brine and were SO juicy. The bright pickled green tomato slices and bits of watercress were nice accents and balanced out the sandwiches, preventing them from becoming overbearingly sweet and heavy.The jazzed (tarred??...the menu's font was hard to read) feathered fried chicken sandwich (named "Avenue B" on the lunch menu) had the same juicy fried chicken, but it was spiked with Tabasco for a real kick. The sandwich also came with bacon, lettuce, tomato, pickles, and potato rolls, but the greatest part was the buttermilk ranch sauce. Or so I'm told. J liked this sandwich so much that he devoured it before I could steal a bite. We also ordered a side of Grandma Daisy's Angel Biscuits (gosh, look at that name!) which were served with honey butter and peach preserves. Three squarish biscuits came per order. The spreads were good, but the biscuits themselves were a bit dry. This was the only negative note from the meal.  Root and Bone also offers twelve different cocktails and a wine list that leans toward American and Australian wines. If all of the cocktails sound great, it's most likely because they are. If you have difficulty picking, try the Filthy Manahttan! The ratio of whiskey, port, and bitters was fantastic. The amarena cherries left at the bottom of the glass were so boozily decadent. Likelihood of another visit:There are so many other menu items I'd love to try: peach caprese, the "BLT that will tickle you pickle", the short rib meatloaf, and the waffle benedict to name a few. There is an adjacent market, the Little Root Market, that sells its buckets of fried chicken and sandwiches to go and I think it's a convenient stop for a quick lunch if you're in Alphabet City.
<review# 1321,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/15/2007,5/6/2007,39,48,14,13,10>Sex has a pretty prolific history. Haha. Given that this museum has endeavored to capture that history, it was a bit disappointing in selection and girth. The first room was dedicated to helping the viewer understand the various applications of sexual objects, fetishes, strange things that people do to themselves and others in order to get off. I liked the fuzzy animal section, especially the raccoon from Pocahontas endowed with a satiny pink vagina. Oh and the giant black velvet penis with a head that squeaked when you squeezed it. The second room was all about sex and motion pictures, from the first animated porn to same-sex scenes and celebrity porn. The only major source of audio came from a video showing just the heads of people who were presumably masturbating down there. The third room contained random mini-exhibitions. Home-made fucking machines and the most advanced silicon sex doll on the market, old sex-ed tapes and condom tins. Then finally the museum shop, in which I found an amusing book about animal sex, and vibrators that I was slightly tempted to purchase. All in all it was a good fun time, but didn't leave much to be said after one left.  It was an amateur display, not a distinguished exhibit. And it would have been really interesting to see the serious clean museum aesthetic applied with reverence to medieval sex contraptions..which is what I secretly was hoping for. Oh well, free Valentines Day candy and condoms will do as well.
<review# 1322,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2007,5/5/2007,183,411,6,8,8>We got there before 11pm on a Friday, so there was thankfully no cover. A friend who I went with joined us at 11.10 had to pay $5 to get in - something he didn't know they implemented. So, that kinda sucked. Drinks were a little expensive, but since I am a cheap drunk, all it took was $7, a little Chambord+7Up and I was pretty happy! Dance party with lots of interesting and crazy people until it got too crowded at 2am - when stupid biatches start elbowing or smacking their purses around as they dance - and then I just had to leave. I'd do TRASH again.. but next time, I'd have to get my friends pre-gamed into a controlled drunkenness before we head in because a decent sized cup of vodka-tonic cost her $16 (!!!!!!!). Get in semi-drunk before 11 and I'd say you could buy yourself a night of good times for under $20 (beers are $5).
<review# 1323,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2007,5/4/2007,46,243,12,10,11>Deep-fried Twinkie alert!And Mars Bars, too.And deep-fried Twix.And, well, just about everything at the Chip Shop is fried. And everything I had was delicious. And artery-clogging. I only managed two bites of the fried Mars Bar. This was after a whopping plateful of fish n' chips. Plenty o' chips, plenty o' chips, indeed. Since I don't want to die of a heart attack, I won't go here more than once a month. (Okay, once a week).
<review# 1324,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2007,5/3/2007,110,187,10,13,11>i don't often feel self-destructive, but when i do, this is one of the stops i'll make on the clogged artery expressway.before you commit to a sauce you haven't tried, ask for a sample of one or two sauces if it's not terribly busy, since they have so many different sauces sometimes it is a little tough to narrow it down.  (the rich and somewhat buttery liquid cheese is always a safe bet)when this place is good (and there's a high turnover ensuring the freshest fries) it really can't be topped.  when it's bad, it's just okay.  usually i'll seek out places at times when they are the least hectic, but not here.
<review# 1325,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2007,5/2/2007,548,384,15,16,14>I'm amazed at being the first to review the Sisley store on Broadway, since this is one of the few men's clothing stores with a conscience; these people CARE about how we are supposed to look everyday; they UNDERSTAND that the USSR is dead and never revamping jeans contraband; they MEASURE carefully, because they know that not all of us are doomed to liposuction; they KNOW that what Kipling said was true: "Humans are the only animals that blush" Yes. And thus, they must dress our sin with style. Sisley KNOWS, how to combine design, colors and cut; their seasons sometimes veers through curves that I don't particularly like, but then I would come back to find such a plethora of beautiful sweaters, polos, sport jackets, that my wallet cries for mercy. "Relax chump" -I tell the old Fendi hound dog; "This is not Prada, you'll survive" -And so we have. Sisley has rocked my world; the style is sexy without being over the top; the pastels they use do echo the Benetton parent, but not so as to deny Sisley a proper identity; I like their suits, sleek and stylish, yet elegant. Affordable. And then there's the cut; Perfect. Perfect. Perfect. Perfect. Perfect. I'm glad you exist Sisley, and thus I thank the stars! All 5 of 'em
<review# 1326,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/10/2007,4/30/2007,36,78,13,20,15>Max Brenner is a marvel of marketing. It seemingly came out of nowhere and managed to draw a slew of self-professed chocolate lovers out of the woodwork.Although, if you bother to read the list of ingredients in Max Brenner's chocolate, you'll notice there are emulsifiers and vanillin (articial vanilla flavor). To a purist, neither of those belong in quality chocolate.But none of that matters! Why? Because the bald man said so! (Um, not this bald man.) Well, really, it's probably because you're here to have fun, and chocolate's just the excuse (but it's more fun to blame it on the bald man). Sure, you might like chocolate, but it's like saying you like alcohol. When you're at a club, do you really care what's in your cup? Whatever gets you buzzed will do. You don't go to a club to enjoy a finely-crafted cocktail or a nice bottle of Cheval-Blanc. Similarly, I don't think you come here to appreciate a sophisticated piece of chocolate artistry. It's chocolate. From the bald man!Still, it's a shame that Max Brenner puts such an emphasis on portraying itself as a chocolate authority, forcing me to make unfavorable comparisons to Richart and Debauve & Gallais and Michel Cluizel and a whole host of superior purveyors of cacao products, because the reality is, I imagine this place is great as a date spot for a certain demographic. It certainly beats Serendipity, because the food's actually edible, and it's less cramped than Cafe Lalo -- although it is kinda crowded and they do kinda rush you and it is kinda noisy and the service does need some work.Anyway, I was sorta hoping that after tasting their chocolate I would be able to say that hey, you know what, it's actually much better than I expected and just as good as the stuff from all those fancy-schmancy places at half the price. I wanted to laud my fellow bald man as a chocolate savior, freeing the masses from the tyranny of French names. But alas... he let me down.I did a side-by-side comparison of Debauve & Gallais, Richart, La Maison du Chocolat, Jacques Torres, Vosges, and Max Brenner, and oh my lord the difference between the bald man's chocolate and all the rest is obvious before you even taste it (yes yes I neglected to include Pierre Marcolini but I really don't think that would've made Max Brenner look any better -- maybe next time I will do a tasting of Max Brenner, Whitman's and Russell Stover). Max Brenner's pieces, while at first glance look fine on their own, look like misshapen oddities next to the smooth shapes of Richart (which they resemble most in their form and packaging). And the bald man's chocolate smells like sugar next to the rich chocolate aroma of all the rest. Worse, it TASTES LIKE SUGAR and it had a nasty aftertaste, particularly the dark chocolate cream with wild flower honey. It's a sugar cube masquerading as gourmet chocolate, and it practically gave me a headache after I ate it. The dark chocolate cream with mint leaves tastes like mint toothpaste. The chocolate itself is a little on the chalky side, too.I could go on... Max Brenner's Dark Chocolate Cream was a disaster next to the Palet Argent (ganache in 85% dark chocolate) from Debauve & Gallais and Richart's No. 13 New Guinea Cocoa Ganache. The sugar is evident the moment it hits your tongue, and it's followed by an odd alkaline taste, and again the aftertaste left much to be desired. The Palet Argent, while not necessarily a revelation, was still very good, with a nice rich creamy consistency, and Richart's No. 13 was intense -- I never expected to plain cocoa ganache to explode in my mouth like it did, and the New Guinea cocoa had a nice smoky note to it.Next, MB's Dark Chocolate with Spices. Unlike Richart's No. 73 Seven Spice Ganache, which hits you immediately with its well-balanced combination of cardamom, cinnamon, ginger (?), and other spices that fit the chocolate perfectly, or La Maison du Chocolat's Cannelle, with its cinnamon stick infusion that comes through loud and clear, with Max Brenner, I was left wondering -- are there any spices in this? If so, are they the ones that are beyond the range of human taste?The same goes for Max Brenner's Bonbon with Cornflakes, which was supposed to have some sort of pepper or chili in it, when compared to Jacques Torres's Wicked Fun (chocolate ganache with ancho and chipotle chilies) and Vosges's Aztec Red Fire (dark Belgian chocolate with ancho chile powder and cassia cinnamon). While the differences between JT and Vosges were nuanced, next to MB it was obvious -- there was neither any peppery heat nor flavor in MB's. It's all sugary crunch.Nevertheless, don't let my unabashed snobbery deter you from enjoying this place for what it is -- an excellent case study in successful marketing. That, and a pretty decent chocolate-centric dessert place. So, if someone takes you here on a date, there's no reason to be disappointed. On the other hand, if someone gives you a box of their chocolate...
<review# 1327,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/17/2007,4/29/2007,135,93,26,12,15>The point of having an Australian surf-wear store in Times Square? Apparently, to convince tourists that no NYC trip is complete without buying clothes that no one in NYC wears. It's a tough sell, but it works because the store was mobbed when I was here two weeks ago.Why was I here two weeks ago? After catching a movie on 42nd St. with my friend X (whose identity I will protect for reasons that will be obvious soon enough), X decided that he wanted to look at wetsuits at Quicksilver. Me: Why do you want to buy a wetsuit?X: 'Cause I might go surfing.Me: Where the hell are you going to go surfing?X: I don't know, but I'll look good doing it.ugh. How can you argue with that logic?Upon entering the store, it was abundantly clear that X's motivation was less about wetsuits and more about surfer chick salesgirls. I guess dating 5 women at the same time on J-Date is not enough. So, while X was chatting up the 18 year old salesgirl about why he needed a wetsuit, I took a 38" longboard skateboard off the wall and, with the salesguy's permission, re-lived my teen years and tooted around the store. Gotta love the laidback salesguy with no comprehension of premises liability.I did drop in on my friend X now and then to play the role of the proper wingman, casually letting slip a remark about the Ferrari he was thinking of buying (he really was) and other such nonsense that impresses no one in NYC except 18 year old salegirls.Ultimately, X left without getting her number, but I ended up dropping $200 to buy the stupid skateboard that I tell myself I'll use along the Hudson but never will.
<review# 1328,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2007,4/27/2007,308,650,21,10,14>A store dedicated to the art of the M&M....im all for it!3 floors! 3 floors of M&M's people! I made a $15 bag of teal, black and aquamarine peanut m&m's. You want a color that looks like vomit? They have that! What about UTI yellow? Holla! They've got that as well!Theres a little machine that can tell your mood too. It makes you do funny dances and yells at you if you dont move at all. It reminds me of that photobooth segment on Jay Leno where the lady is watching the people and making fun of everything they do. i want that job!Theres also a costumed green m&m to take pictures with. Yes, thats right. You can take pictures with the horny m&m. She looks scandalous too. If youre desperately looking an M&M t-shirt (who isnt?) they have tons to choose from. Even sweet denim jackets. Nothing screams stylish like a man in jean shorts and an M&M denim jacket. Theres also plenty of storage options for your M&M's in case a bag doesnt really do the trick for you. Anything M&M that you want, they have....except flavor. They hate flavor.Bring the kids. Just watch out for that green lady....she steals innocence. My one gripe...you would think that with a 3 floor store in times square that you'd have a section for peanut butter or almond m&m's? Any other kind thats not regular and peanut. NOT ONE BAG. Whats up with that?
<review# 1329,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2007,4/26/2007,105,138,34,14,25>Dear Hot Dog Guy:You serve the best street hot dogs in Manhattan.  I was that blonde chick who had her hair up a lot and always got a hot dog with ketchup, mustard and relish and sometimes a bottle of Diet Coke.  You were the older gray haired kinda balding foreign guy who was always on that corner no matter how bad it was out.  I depended on you for my sustenance when I was going to work late and would miss getting fed.   I much preferred getting a hot dog from you than from those two weird ladies at the bigger cart outside the subway entrance at 68th and Lex.  Sometimes you were gone for a few weeks and I would get worried but you always came back.   I miss those great firm tasty hot dogs, and I miss you.Sorry I never said goodbye.Love Nicole
<review# 1330,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2007,4/25/2007,579,280,17,11,14>Fear Factor? (see below)I LOVE Woorijip because if you go at lunchtime or dinnertime, and you're in a hurry, you get fresh food at very reasonable prices.Thinking about Asian food in relation to frightened people reminds me of an episode of "Fear Factor" The announcer was like, "And now, we're going to have you eat scary stuff..." so he lists a bunch of stuff like oh, I dunno, like Tarantula hair, and discarded snake skin, etc. and then he says, "topped with FISH SAUCE!"lol! FISH SAUCE? That's what's on Fear Factor? Dude, saute that up and don't be shy with the patis(filipino for fish sauce) baby! That's a staple of Asian cooking and your local Asian fast food place probably snuck some of it in your lunch you big dorkus!I have to tell a quick Woorijip story. I lost a "friend" because I took her there after Church one day and she was hungry. She looked around impatiently and in an angry yet whiny voice she said, "God, I don't even know what the hell it is I'm going to eat in here." I'm like, "uh, I know you're vegetarian and you eat seafood, so look, here is some nice scallion pancakes, Korean sushi, look, Kim Chi, and seafood, or bi bim bop" you know, stuff that is composed of rice and vegetables. She freaked out and said, "I'm starving. I don't know what the hell I'm eating in here" and she stormed out. We ended up going to a bagel place down the street where she ate a dry bagel with cream cheese. Yum.Jesus Christ people, it wasn't dried space food, it is Asian food. It was literally variations of rice and vegetables, but I guess in unrecognizeable frightening shapes like...sushi shape! Or maybe the combination of rice and fresh vegetables in a bowl that was labeled bi bim bop was too much for her to handle.Good riddance to small mindedness anyway. She was from a small town in Massachussetts which I guess explains her ignorance in food outside the wonder bread food group. aaargh!anyway, yes, try woorijip--if you can HANDLE IT!!! Bwahahahahahaha!
<review# 1331,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2014,5/24/2014,238,199,4,16,12>"If they act too hip, you know they can't play sh*t." - Miles DavisI know the population of speakeasy, ultra trendy mixology bars has trebled over the last couple of year.  While I really enjoy unique and exciting concoctions, I have a disdain for pretensions.  That's where Nitecap comes in.  No attitude at the door.  It's dark.  Not the same old drinks.  Massive variety.I'm not a fan of the upstairs restaurant or it's food which migrates down here.  This place is good for a 2nd or 3rd place of the night. The engaging drink menu, concocted by the talented + convivial Natasha, has a plethora of options, organized by time of the night and your mood.  I sampled two amazing drinks that I recommend.* Endless Spring: Light, refreshing yet isn't boring* Tartan Swizzle: Interesting, smooth and Scotch laced Cheers to this place....I'll be here regularly
<review# 1332,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2014,5/23/2014,136,78,49,24,20>Fact: I'm not even remotely well-connected and/or wealthy enough to get into Rose Bar by my own means at peak hours.  Fortunately, I used to go out with someone who was, and he brought me here a couple of times.  I'd like to think that I'm good at blending into crowds that I don't belong in, but it usually doesn't go so well.Fact: Rose Bar is super pretentious and exclusive, and I normally hate places like that.  Listen, doorman - I don't know so-and-so who is best friends with so-and-so-#2 who hosts amazing parties at their East Hampton palace every summer, and you & I both know it.  So just let me in.  I'm awesome at drinking, I love to dance, and I take up minimal square footage.However, Rose Bar an exceptionally sexy venue.  It feels like you wandered into a low-lit house party in a Parisian mansion (and I would know, because that's happened to me soooo many times...uhh).  Personally, I just prefer Rose Bar to many other nose-in-the-air places in Manhattan that just don't live up to the pretentious hype at the door.  At least Rose Bar feels four-dollar-signs-caliber sexy.  Just don't show up there at prime hours, thinking that being in a group of hot young well-dressed females will be enough to get you in - after all, this isn't [insert any other major city name in the United States here].  Now if you'll excuse me, it's time for me to glance at people condescendingly while I sip on a $20 martini with "a wisp of absynthe" (actually on the drink menu) and scowl at anyone who is actually eating food or not wearing distressed leather.
<review# 1333,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2014,5/22/2014,153,56,24,17,12>Sushi Yasuda,Kind of like your first time. You're anxious, filled with excitement, it happens and oh man it's great. Then, it's over all too soon and you're asking god/the waiter: why??The sushi/sashimi that I grew up on was nothing like that of Sushi Yasuda. The sushi that I grew up on was that of the sort doled about by the standard "Chicken Teriyaki and Tempura Serving" Chinese-run establishments. Salmon, Tuna, and Yellow Tail are always cheap and plentiful. Quality is hit or miss, but hey, my  Sashimi Combo came with chicken teriyaki, miso soup, a side salad, and 6 california rolls. Who cares right? WRONG!Let me tell you why. Here's what we ordered.Omakase. Just do it. Usually I don't do Omakase since I'm afraid I might not get the fish that I like or the chef might rip us off, but in this instance I trusted my waiter and his permed hair. The Omakase came with the following:4 types of Salmon: All fish are not created equal. My favorite was the King Salmon. Very regal tasting. Not fishy at all. Perfect balance of fattiness.Uni: One of my top 10 favorite foods. Hands down the best Uni I've ever had anywhere. If I ever win the lottery, I'm going to bring a gold bucket to Sushi Yasuda and tell them to fill it with their Uni. Oysters: Mehh. Just go to a bar for these. It was a bit weird eating these on sushi riceClam: I could go ham on some clam.Yellowtail: To be honest, I was never the biggest fan of yellow tail but it always seems to be the people's champ in terms of sashimi. It was good, but like I said, not my personal favorite.Tuna: Didn't even taste the high mercury content. Tasted like a super-rare steak. 2 types of Eel: After I finished all the Uni in my lottery winning gold bucket, I would proceed to request that they fill said bucket with their eel. I would then ask them to look away as I gorged myself.Ginger: The only food that I have a distaste for is ginger. Suffice to say, I didn't care much for it. However, my girlfriend said that it was amazing and they gave a huge pile of it. I guess it's a plus for all you freaks who like ginger. While it was a great experience, I took off a star because I walked away from this meal empty in both wallet and stomach. I know the whole idea of places like this are to enjoy every morsel of food, but man I was starving that night. It was one of those moments where you heard the voice of what your parents would say in your head: "What a rip-off, I'm not even full". Business for the Mcdonalds nearby must be great!
<review# 1334,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2014,5/21/2014,171,92,9,12,10>What impresses me most about this sushi institution isn't the sushi nor is it the sake. It's the abundant fountain of patience that the staff has every time I've been there when tables upon tables of drunken young adults are slamming down (literally) sake bombs on sake bombs; sometimes, I actually think they enjoy all the chaos of screaming and spilled sake/beer while I would be close to murder if someone had asked me twenty times for chopsticks and napkins.If you haven't figured it out yet, All you can eat and All you can drink (AYCE/AYCD) is the name of the game here and while the experience of it all is quite memorable (or not..) , the rolls are actually pretty good. You're not going to get the freshest of fish for obvious reasons but their rolls are no pushovers either, even if you decide to order 4-5 of them. Here are some of my favorites:1) Sexy Roll: A favorite among our friend group with shrimp tempura and spicy tuna with white tuna on top. Maybe it's because of the name . . . it's probably because of the name. There's obviously something very exciting about looking down the menu and seeing a "Sexy" roll...only when you're drunk though. But seriously, it's pretty good.2) Spider Roll: I'm just a huge fan of spider rolls and Kumo has a deeecent one, not the best but after several sake bombs it won't really matter. 3) Yammy Roll: This one has some asparagus and whitefish I think and is served with some special mayonnaise sauce. I'm not the biggest fan of mayonnaise but there is something refreshing about this roll. 4) Amaebi Roll: This is probably my new favorite. It has this sweet shrimp that complements the crab and avocado perfectly. It goes down really easily and is surprisingly light but satisfying with really good flavor, which is important when you have a lake of beer and sake in your stomach. Overall, I haven't really had any bad rolls here. They aren't top quality and you won't be having an umami orgasm in your seat after each bite but for what they are and considering it's AYCE/AYCD, the sushi is pretty good. If you're looking for a fun place to come with a group of friends to start a night out, Kumo is definitely the place to consider. And like I said before, the staff is really chill and understanding. In all honesty, I'm sure they care when you spill beer all over the floor or drop your chopsticks for the 66th time in a night but the fact that I haven't seen them take off a head is a miracle. All in all, if you're safe, respectful, and you don't try and order 8 rolls at once, it's hard to not have a good time at Kumo.
<review# 1335,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2014,5/20/2014,331,193,9,16,11>*Only been here for brunch...MULTIPLE times*Agave is a Mexican style restaurant in the heart of the village, just off Christopher Street and 7th ave South.  They have an AYCD brunch that is damn good - though only if you order off a specific part of the menu (read: must have eggs).  Been here with both large groups from 6 to 20, and smaller intimate brunches that are just the two of us. That said, every time I go to Agave, it is always an amazing experience - with attentive servers that generally make an effort to actually refill your drinks on unlimited brunch, to excellent food. I usually get the Sunrise Burrito, Energy Breakfast, or Egg White Frittata - I guess it depends if I'm trying to be "healthy" that day or not.The bottomless beverages only last two hours (which is really plenty) is until 4pm, and includes choice of mimosa, wine, champagne, or margarita.  It appears they've raised the price by a few bucks as on their website it's posted at $27.95 ( I think it used to be $23.95 or something, so it's just a few extra bucks).  Their guacamole and soups are good as well, but I usually stick to just my favorites - it's really hard to steer away when they are that good.Highly recommend Agave for brunch. :-)
<review# 1336,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2014,5/19/2014,321,236,10,17,12>Have a cup of coffee and cuddle with cats too. That was the thinking behind Purina One's Cat Café pop-up venue in partnership with the North Shore Animal League.  Is there a better way to relax? Sure, you could read a book instead but c'mon... Furry feline balls of fun await you!It opened earlier this morning (Thurs, Apr 24 and goes through Sunday) with lines practically all long day but moving relatively swiftly (30min clip). I expect as it reaches the weekend (fri, sat, sun), the lines will swell beyond the hour mark... So go early if you plan to make the trek, or visit your local animal shelter.Experts are on hand to cover topics of interest.Would you like a complimentary "cat'achino"?
<review# 1337,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2014,5/18/2014,559,976,5,12,9>Momokawa is like a hidden gem within Kips Bay. It's a tiny restaurant that is modest, but the food and quality of their meats is out of this world. Before you make your way here, make sure to make a reservation on OpenTable because this place is small, and the seats do tend to fill up relatively quickly. After doing so, you'll make you way inside through their ground floor, up the stairs, and be welcomed into a pretty intimate dinner setting.I've dined at Momokawa twice and both times, I've had great experiences. The first time, I decided to opt for the shabu shabu with my party. With sukiyaki and shabu shabu, there needs to be a minimum party of two to order, which makes sense considering the amount of food that you get. In regards to the quality of the meat, it is definitely on point. There is a nice marble to the beef, and each person gets a healthy portion of roughly 5 large pieces. On the side, you do get a bowl of assorted vegetables and a bowl of rice. The only downside is that if you're coming here with a group of guys, then you might not have enough food, depending on everyone's appetite. On my second visit, I decided to opt for the sukiyaki. For starters, we ordered the fried tofu and the pork belly. The pork belly came in a sweet broth with two pretty sizable pieces. The pork was cooked fairly well, with the pork falling apart against your chopsticks. However, it did come out a little on the cold side which made it a little saddening to eat. The fried tofu came with three pieces of tofu, also topped off with some broth. This was pretty good, but it also was just standard to the agedashi tofu that you'd get anywhere else. As far as the sukiyaki goes, it was pretty solid. Our server helped set us up by cooking the first batch, and left us to go at our own pace. My only tip is to make sure that you do have enough broth on the pan or else your food will be charred and end up on the salty side. That aside, the amount of food is more than enough for a party of two, especially if you're dining as a couple.Momokawa has great service, an intimate atmosphere, and very legitimate Japanese food. Price-wise, you can get away with spending under $100 for a party of two, even with appetizers and drinks which is pretty amazing. A gem in Kips Bay, I hope that this place stays around for a long time.
<review# 1338,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2014,5/17/2014,231,233,7,13,10>Look beyond the flappy plastic on the door meant to keep the cold out. And the strange alien on the sign? (which might become kind of endearing) Because right when you walk into Siggy's, you'll feel like home. When possible, they ask you where you want to be seated. I love sitting in the back closer to the fireplace. The lighting is comfortable and cozy, and the decor is bright, colorful, and tasteful. Take a visit to the bathroom to read some inspirational quotes from Martha Graham and MLK Jr. (not too long of a visit, since it's a one-staller). The food is organic and healthy. I've tried several of their soups, and they are delicious! Try the option of adding quinoa!When I called for delivery, they were so polite and honest about how backed up they were. They apologized and said it would be quite a long wait- and I loved that they were so sincere about it. They have healthy brunch options, and are very accommodating when it comes to making the plates vegan. The quinoa spinach cakes are delicious! I can't wait to come back and try their smoothies. Yay Siggy's, with your out-of-this-world food! (yes, allusion to the alien intended).
<review# 1339,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2014,5/16/2014,215,120,7,14,10>If you can, request the table in the kitchen. Sounds weird, but it was a cool experience. It felt like a tv show or magazine setting. You are literally almost in the kitchen. But far enough where you can talk without shouting, close enough where you can see the action and chefs at work. As a starter I ordered the burrata with prosciutto. The burrata was just how it is in Italy. Soft on the outside and super creamy on the inside so it oozes out a little when you cut it. The prosciutto was sliced very thinly and was very soft. I ordered the ravioli (raviolo since there was only one) with the quail egg. I compared it to the one at Armani, and it is just as good just different (says a lot since I'm obsessed with the one at Armani). Truffle butter and the egg was very runny and everything was just the right amount of messy. Soft pasta, cooked just right. Creamy cheese with just a very very small amount of spinach inside.Tried the tiramisu and chocolate cake. Chocolate cake had the soft melted hot chocolate on the inside. Not too spongey on the outside, again, just right. Taste tested everyone else's food and there wasn't one thing I disliked. Preferred some things over others, but that's just personal taste. Service was also excellent. Overall amazing experience. The table in the kitchen made it that much more special.
<review# 1340,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2014,5/15/2014,1806,1048,7,21,13>One of the best omakase experience that I have been to in NYC YET!BYOB with no corkage fee!  They will have ice buckets ready in front of your seating arrangement.  Reservations recommended way ahead of time if you want to go on a weekend.  Don't expect a high end venue.  Expect a legit hole in the wall sushi bar but of course it is clean!It's hard for me to find amazing sashimi in the city unless you spend $$$$ on it.  Nothing compares to the good quality at a $$ price like in California.  But Tanoshi is a different story.  Omakase that will actually fill you up for around $70-80 is a bargain in the city!  Their fish is amazingly fresh and hits the spot every time I take a bite out of the sashimi.  They serve their rice and fish at certain temperatures.. and even funny, will recommend you to eat your food right away or else it'll taste different!Appetizers:1.  Monkfish Liver: the foie gras of the sea as they call it.  The texture is definitely similar but not as melt in your mouth goodiness.  2.  Creamy scallops: My favorite appetizer.  It definitely had a creamy texture.  It was full of flavor and I wanted more!  Definite recommend.Omakase:1.  Mackerel2.  Torched Salmon3.  Big eye tuna4.  Firefly squid- first time and it was so meaty!5.  White Albacore Tuna5.  Scallop6.  Uni with quail egg- the egg definitely made this more creamy7.  Spicy Tuna hand roll8.  Albacore belly9.  Salmon Roe10. Red miso soup- placed in a shot glass!11. freshwater eel12. Marinated fluke13.  FutomakiExtra pieces:1. Black throat2. King fishAwesome service. Awesome price.  First omakase to make me full!  What a bargain for sashimi in the city!! Highly Recommended!
<review# 1341,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2008,5/29/2008,256,207,16,14,15>It is very hard to pick a locale to be your 100th review.  You want it to be somewhere special, somewhere interesting... but if it was so special and interesting, why didn't you review it in the last 99 reviews?I considered hole-in-the-wall pizza places, bars I've been to a couple of times, restaurants I worked at back home and finally decided to review my dry cleaner, who I see more of than anyone in my family.  Then I was making dinner plans for this evening with a friend and suggested that we go to Petite Abeille for some mussels because it's great and one of my favorites and suddenly, like a beacon in the night I had my 100th review.  *END VERBOSE INTRODUCTION.**START VERBOSE REVIEW* This location of Petite Abeille is like an upscale Belgian diner.  Many people choose to sit at the bar and there are some small tables throughout and in front of the restaurant.  Everything I have had has been very good: Croque Madame (ham, cheese and sunny-side-up eggs on thick, pressed bread), the Belgian waffle dessert, the steak au poivre (so tender).The selling point for me are the mussels.  They're always plump and sweet and they come in a bunch of sauces though I'm partial to a standard wine and garlic.  The selection of beers is very good (all Belgian) and the bartenders are eager to help you select a pint.  Service is very friendly and attentive and I'm amazed at how quickly the tables turn there without ever making you feel rushed.They have a bunch of deals that I've never taken advantage of (all-you-can-eat mussels seems crazy to me because their regular portions are so huge, but there are also 1/2 price bottle of wine nights and other promotions listed on the website.)  Petite Abeille is my answer to a quick bite and is a staple of the Gina NYC Diet.Thank you.  *TAKES BOW.*
<review# 1342,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/13/2007,5/27/2008,181,192,39,28,32>So, I'll start this review by saying that I wouldn't even be writing it if I hadn't had a free membership, because I would NEVER, EVER pay $150/month to go to any gym unless it actually included liposuction.Having said that, it was super nice to be a member for free for several months and if I had an exorbitant amount of money to blow, I might join as an actual member.The locker rooms were actually my favorite part of the place. The showers were all private, large, with wood-slotted raised floors. They had pumps with shampoo, conditioner and body wash. There were disposable razors in little glass jars for you to take. It was really like a spa. By the sinks there is body lotion, mouth wash, the works.The mirrors by the lockers are equipped with more body lotion, hair gel, hair spray and super powered hair dryers (not like the hotel variety...these babies will do the job, and quick!). There's also a scale, which measures your weight in lbs AND kilos (which sent me into a panic more than once....WHAT!?! I weigh 350 lbs?!). There's also a surplus of towels and robes for you to use.The fitness facilities are nice, though it seemed a bit watered down. I mostly stuck with the cardio machines and classes (more on that in a minute) so I can't judge 100% accurately, but it just didn't seem to be the place for serious body builders. Lost 1/2 a star.Classes: They seem to have a lot of them on their fancy shmancy schedule, but the ones I wanted to take were never in the timeframe I could attend. I did make it to several yoga classes, and I NEVER felt welcome. They were supposedly beginner classes, though the instructor played favorites with the apparent regulars, and with the experienced yogis in the room. When I wasn't doing a pose right, he'd actually YELL at me! That's not very Zen-like, is it? Lost one star.Lastly, and this goes for any gym, but especially Equinox. I honestly think that in the $150/month contract, it might as well state that it includes membership to a dating program. This place is just crawling with singles...rich singles...and gold digging singles. It made me kinda sick to watch these interactions. Lost another 1/2 star.Overall, if you're single and use the gym as a replacement/supplement for the bar scene and have the $$ to cough up, this is totally the place for you.P.S. I saw Nicole Richie and Cameron Diaz working out there once too. That was reason enough for me not to go back.
<review# 1343,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/7/2008,5/26/2008,321,455,33,20,23>There was no line trailing outside Pinkberry so I popped into the store after a bite (5/3) at Kum Gang San. I'm too good to wait for any dessert, unless it's a shaved ice made by the old school Snoopy machine."Is that enough blackberries, sir?" as the girl handed me a large original frozen yogurt with blackberry and mango toppings. She smiled. I discriminate against dried toppings. It's sugary kids' cereal that I wouldn't eat. Fruit, on the other hand, is totally acceptable."It's never enough, but thank you. I'm impressed," as I ran out of there like I committed an armed robbery.19 blackberries. I counted three times. I smiled.On the subway ride home, I was left with more blackberries than I wanted (12). I forced them down because I knew this will never happen again (never getting a large because I'm pleasantly plump and I am certain this fruit generosity was a one time thing).Although I find the product to be inconsistent in taste (some days, it's more or less sour/bitter), the server put in the extra effort to make this experience special. This time was a 4. Other times were average and therefore Pinkberry receives an average review of 3 stars.Once the manager discovered the depleted blackberry inventory, I am certain that benevolent girl was fired. C'mon, if they gave away 19 blackberries for every 1/2 large, they would file for Chapter 11.I leave you with a moment of Zen:When will Count Chocula be featured as a Pinkberry dried topping?                        /\                /\                       /#\              /#\                       /#### # ####\                    /###########\                   /#      \###/       #\               /\|#                        #|/\               | |    \###\    /###/   | |         /|     |\         \|     \  {|} \  / {|} /     |/        /#|     |#\         |        -   \    -         |       /##|      \##\       |          \ |            |    /####|       \###\     |     ______    |  /#####|        \####\  |   /     \/\/      \  | /######|         |######\|                   |#######|        |####### \______/########|        |##########\ |###########/\      /### LOOKING FOR WORK ###\    /####       NEED TO FEED     ####\  /####        BLOODSUCKING    ####\/#####                FAMILY              #####\/#############################\The world may never know...IFHTP 3+
<review# 1344,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2008,5/25/2008,157,490,28,27,31>Pride and Prejudice (C'mon, you KNEW this would happen one day!!)It is a truth universally acknowledged, that a single man in possession of a large appetite and seated in a chic restaurant serving a cuisine not his own - must be guided through the experience. However refined the cultural sensibilities of such a man maybe, he is rightfully considered a village bumpkin who must be saved by his discerning female dining companion from the faux pas that's just waiting to happen.Elizabeth, however, had different motivations. As she surveyed the clay pottery hanging on the ceiling, she took in a moment to cast a glance at William T. Fitz (W.T.F.) Darcy. He seemed an odd mixture of reserve, sarcastic humor, and a sense of personal pride in his taste that bordered on arrogance. While charmed by his well-bred manners, she had been slighted by his response to her suggestion that they dine at Pylos. "There isn't a single Greek restaurant outside of Astoria that would not be a punishment for me to dine at. Would the experience at such an assembly indeed be much superior to that of consuming gyros in the wee hours of the morning after a tete-a-tete at a speakeasy?" While lively and with a playful disposition, strong minded Elizabeth found this position rather ridiculous and was determined to give him one of her set-downs.As the server poured a glass of Cabernet / Agiorgitiko (Monemvasia Peloponese 2003), she leaned forward to inform Mr. Darcy that she would like to decide their fare for the night. She disarmed him laughingly, "I do so that you might have the pleasure of despising my taste." Darcy leaned forward: "Indeed, I do not dare."The first appetizer was Poikilia, a trio of dipping sauces - Tzatziki (thick, tangy yogurt dip), Taramosalata (lemony fish roe), and Melitzanosalata (grilled eggplant and extra virgin Greek olive oil).  As she dipped the warm pita bread in the dip, Elizabeth inquired of Darcy's views on human weaknesses that exposed one to ridicule. She also asked whether he found the Tsatziki similar to that served by a street cart vendor. Darcy ignored the latter question and chose instead to clarify the difference between vanity and pride.Soon, the next appetizer was brought to the table: Ta Afrata Keftedakia Tis Dianas. The fragrant and flavorful meatballs were as close to perfection as Elizabeth had ever encountered. When she saw Darcy eating quietly, it dawned on her that amazing as they may taste, it appeared that he had resolved that no sign of admiration should now escape him. Steady to his purpose, he scarcely spoke ten words through this course.The third of the Mezethes was now upon them: Octopus braised in sweet and spicy red wine served with fava puree. As Elizabeth shook her head, Darcy smiled ever so slightly while drawing the attention of the waiter to bring them some lemon to enhance the flavor. The waiter returned soon and brought along the final appetizer for the evening: Saganaki Tou Merakli - three Greek cheeses melted in a pot. Darcy commented upon the conscious preference of the Mezes over the entrees. Elizabeth paused to respond, "Surely, one as culturally aware as yourself, Mr. Darcy, would know that is the preferred way to enjoy the cuisine?" Darcy struggled for composure, "I might, perhaps, wish to be informed why, with so little endeavor at civility, I am thus rebuked."In the absence of a response and to overcome the uncomfortable silence that followed, Darcy commended Elizabeth's restraint in forgoing chocolate (Ouzo spiked chocolate mousse) that was dear to her heart in favor of authenticity - the warm Galaktobourekakia (buttery phylo triangles filled with Greek custard and drizzled with cinnamon and honey).After a few bites of the excellent pastry, Elizabeth addressed the issue, "I trust, Mr. Darcy that you never allow yourself to be blinded by prejudice. But, it is incumbent on those who never change their opinion to be secure of judging properly." Darcy responded agitatedly, "I have no wish of denying that I did everything in my power not to concede my earlier judgment. But, my feelings will not be repressed anymore. You must allow me to tell you how much I ardently admire and love the food at Pylos. It is decidedly worthy of one's affection, and not beneath it."
<review# 1345,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2008,5/24/2008,125,122,10,13,14>Last week, a bunch of us got together to watch the NBA playoffs and we ended up picking up some pies from Di Fara. My Wizards went on to beat down the Cavs by 30 points and we ended up getting 4 pies: 1 plain, 1 porcini, 1 pepperoni, and 1 sausage. First of all, I HATE pepperoni like it stole family property. The kind you get from Papa Johns and Pizza Hut are always salty, greasy, and crunchy at the same time. How do they get that way? You gotta try to get anything to suck as bad as the pepperoni does at most places. Alas, I suffer in silence whenever I have to get pizza with friends. People get surprisingly pissed off when you criticize their favorite toppings. The loneliness of this pizza-topping stigma has followed me my whole life.This pepperoni that Dom uses was unbelievable. Chewy, thick and shaped like a tire instead of a frisbee. Not too salty. Not too greasy. It was amazing. I loved this slice of pepperoni so much. In fact, this slice challenged every preconceived notion I had about pepperoni. It shook my fragile id to it's very core. In a delicious way.  All of the toppings were fantastic. The porcini was great and so was the sausage.  All of the toppings were sliced surprisingly thick but none of them were overpowering. The blend of 3 cheeses was the proverbial MVP and the oil and basil were nominated for the 6th man of the year award only to lose in an extremely close contest to the handmade crust. This was, by far, the best pizza I have ever had.  So if there are any other pepperoni haters out there who read this review, you don't have to suffer any longer. Please, get a pepperoni pie from Di Fara. You owe it to yourself.
<review# 1346,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2008,5/23/2008,270,301,34,18,23>I am probably too old to still be getting excited about my birthday, but I don't care.  How can I not be all atwitter when J is taking me to a super-romantic birthday dinner at Allen & Delancey?  After a long day of anticipation and reading the online menu out loud to everyone who calls to wish me a happy birthday, we finally meet up for a drink at the bar 45 minutes before our 9:30 reservation.  The house cocktails we try are only OK--not very interesting tasting, really.  I wouldn't bother.We're shown to our table in the back room and order a bottle of wine, which our waitress is very helpful in selecting. J excuses himself to go to the WC, so I take a look around.  It really is just gorgeous in here--candles, exposed brick, antique bottles, curtains, and OH MY FREAKING GOD IS THAT GEORGE CLOONEY????!!!It is, it really is!!  Like, at the table right next to us.  I can't breathe.  Normally I'm not such a starf&#%er, but come on!  GC!!!J comes back to the table, and I try to control my irregular breathing patterns and concentrate on the menu, which looks delicious.  The only problem is that I can see something else that looks delicious just over J's left shoulder, and I'm a little distracted.  OK, focus.  I order the scallops app, and J, being a newfound non-vegetarian, gets the foie gras.  The scallops are, in a nutshell, mind-melting.  Perfectly seared, buttery, and swimming in some sort of bacon-y maple-y dressing.  Absolutely out of this world.  The foie gras is rich and tasty, but compared to the   scallops, no real cause for celebration.  Our entrees--salmon for me and lamb chop for J--are solid (though the lamb is a little on the fatty side), and oh hey George is having dessert!!  I wonder if he's having the whiskey milkshake, like I'm thinking of having!  Then it's like we're, you know, CONNECTED.  Clooney and friends (who, P.S., include Cindy Crawford and husband) leave just before our dessert comes, so J finally gets my undivided attention.  The only problem now is, how do I distract him so that I can eat all of the oatmeal ice cream that comes with the sweet cream french toast?  J, thank you so much for an amazing birthday dinner.  Sorry I was acting a little like a 13-year old.  You're the best!  xoxo
<review# 1347,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2008,5/21/2008,321,290,27,23,23>Overheard at the DessertTruck:Guy: Are you getting the hot chocolate?Girl: Only if you're buying!Okay so when I'm drunk, I don't know how to shut my mouth. I flirt to the point of ridiculousness and if you got something to say about it ... SHOVE IT! I mean ... shove some slow baked apples in your mouth because they're really delicious. Love the flaky puff pastry at the bottom and the whipped cream is a wee bit'o'heaven,While nibbling my dessert I got to chatting with Craig, desserttruck employee. I'm not sure if he's from Utah but I did discern that he is an actor. And Chris who took my order is the co-founder of this brilliant rolling establishment. Food on wheels makes my life. Food served by cute boys on wheels makes my schedule fill with unnecessary reasons to be in the union square area.
<review# 1348,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2007,5/20/2008,254,785,60,26,19>Super Magic Fingers is a misnomer.  Not the adjectives - the noun.  I got a 45 minute massage yesterday and I only felt fingers for a couple minutes.  Knuckles, yes.  Palms, yes.  Elbows, christ yes.  I had so many joints pressed into me that I dreamt I was Willie Nelson's ashtray.I only recommend this place if you're the type that loves hard massages or you've really fucked up your back.  I went in with the normal aches and pains and those have been replaced with abnormal aches and pains (is bone marrow supposed to hurt?).  I suppose I'm more philo dough than pizza dough...I guess I could've been more forceful in asking my masseuse to 'soften up' but I didn't want to cramp her supremacy or magic ways.  I'll give her this - I think she obliterated a knot somewhere between my 8th vertebrae and my pancreas that predated the Bush administration...As for value, fantastic.  $26 for a half hour, $38 for 45 minutes, $48 for an hour.  Cheap!As for ambience, it's a room with three beds and two curtains.  'Nuff said.  Three stars if you're a softy like me, 5 stars if you're a masochist....
<review# 1349,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2008,5/19/2008,579,280,11,16,17>I NEVER thought i could party on the Upper East Side, it seemed like such a boring idea, doesn't everyone travel downtown?I am a sucker for secret places so I agreed to check it out.There was no sign on the door, it looked like we were going to visit someone's home and there was even a heavy sliding glass door to conquer in the interior before we were granted entrance.I don't even like American food.This was American/French food done surprisingly well.As my friend warned, lots of singles here looking to hook up with sugar daddies/mommas.but, still a lot of fun in a yuppie conservative contrived older desperate way of matchmaking. older crowd more money corporate singles scene, big groups of people having fun, or Fridays, when everyone brings their wives. Hung out with some crazy famous heirs here, but really, it's not the scene of human drama, it's the great food:  I'll be back for the tender baby back ribs that would make any vegetarian reconsider, the espresso martinis that will keep you awake for hours, and the exquisite fois gras that comes with the scallop combo. delicious. I liked the french fries. Very good in the McDonald's kind of way. If you come by later, be prepared to dance your a** off to old old old school hits but it doesn't matter, you'll be so wasted on their fantastic drinks that you won't remember a thing.P.S.DO NOT BRING HOME ANYONE YOU MEET HERE. It is too cliche.
<review# 1350,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2007,5/18/2008,2348,322,13,42,44>Sandwiched in between a Dunkin Donuts and a some other conglomeration on a particularly unattractive and homogenized stretch of Hwy 46, Trovato's stands proudly in it's own building surrounded by an often full parking lot. Know by area locals, Trovato's is a few miles down the road from Lodi where the fictional mobster haunt from the Soprano's, Vesuvio's was located. Lodi also was the location for the also fictional Bada Bing and Satriale's Pork Store. It would not be an exaggeration to claim that Trovato's hosts Mafioso on a daily basis, but without all of the Hollywood pomp and circumstance. Lacking the elegance and glamor of its fictional counterpart, Trovato's is still an attractive place to eat. My father was for many years the Borough Manager of Lodi, and ate lunch here on a weekly basis. Over the last fifteen years or so I have accompanied him on many occasions. I had not been to Trovato's for about six years until last night, since he and my stepmother moved to south Jersey. Last week when my father told me that he and my stepmother would be making a rare trip up to North Jersey and that we would be going to Trovato's, I was as excited as a six year old going to Disneyland. I, My father (who the family has always called Uncle Junior), stepmother Ginney, cousin Kathleen and husband Mark, my aunt Zina and uncle Joe arrived at Trovato's at about 7 o'clock after beating the Friday night traffic. My father was greeted by an older waiter that knew him from years past. They exchanged pleasantries in Italian and we were all quickly seated at a large round table. Scanning the menu I made sure that they still had one of our favorite appetizers, Escarole and Beans (listed under vegetables). I was very happy to see that they did. We ordered two carafes of the house wine, one red, one white. For house wine it was more than adequate, but if I were choosing I would have selected one of their many other wines. Fresh warm delicious bread was delivered to our table with garlic infused olive oil, as we looked over the menu and sipped our wine. The waiter placed a complementary plate of the best Bruschetta I have eaten on the table, along with five excellent house salads.To start we ordered the Escarole and Beans, Fried Calamari and Fried Zucchini. For main I ordered the Linguini with Shrimp and Wild Mushrooms. My father went with the Rigatoni in Vodka Sauce.  My stepmother chose from the specials, ordering the Penne with Escarole, Beans and Shrimp.  Mark got the Shrimp Scampi. My Aunt ordered the Filet of Sole. After that I lost track of what everybody was having. Our appetizers arrived and I was worried that all of the anticipation that led up to this moment would now let me down. When you remember something so fondly it is most times hard to go back, and it is rarely as good as remembered. I squeezed lemon over the Escarole and Beans and lifted the fork anxiously to my lips. The first thought that came to mind upon tasting was, "How can escarole and beans sauteed with a little garlic and olive oil be as magnificent as this?". It was not as good as I remembered, it was better. The calamari dipped in their chunky medium spicy red sauce was also perfect. The fried Zucchini was delicious, but I mostly kept with the former two.Our main courses arrived in massive white pasta plates. The first things that I noticed were the four huge shrimp that adorned my pasta. Large, juicy and flavorful, I had not seen their like since dining by the Mediterranean. The Pasta itself was perfectly Al Dente. This all came in a wonderful light red sauce with scrumptious wild mushrooms. I don't believe that this dish could have been better.I tried my father's Rigatoni and it too was perfect. As popular as vodka sauce has become, I think it is hard to find a truly excellent one. Look no further, Trovato's has achieved excellence. I then tasted my stepmother's Penne with Escarole, Beans and Shrimp. The flavor is similar to the appetizer, but with the same afore mentioned giant shrimp. Though wonderful, I would always probably go for the appetizer over this main dish, so I could try other flavors when I have the opportunity to eat here. My last taste test was of my aunt's fish. To me Filet of Sole has always seemed to be on the boring side of the culinary rainbow, my aunt Zina's meal being the proof contrary to this opinion. The fish was a buttery marvel, erupting with flavor.Like a man in the desert, I knew if I didn't pace myself I'd never make it out alive. So, I didn't try the other three dishes. They all looked very good and everyone was more than content, minus my cousin who mistakenly ordered a red sauce.In the end we sat there, sipping wine, the table littered with doggy bags, and the older waiter brought over a large glass tube leaned against his shoulder filled with Grappa and two whole fresh pears, and as he had always done, filled a small snifter with a metal ladle for each of us, on the House.
<review# 1351,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2011,8/26/2011,170,236,13,14,15>Crabs...the gift that keeps on giving...Clemente's crabs makes you wish you could have crabs everyday! For $30pp (all you can eat), you get a metal bowl of about a dozen crabs with either garlic or old bay seasoning. I'll tell you ahead of time, things are going to get messy. I came in freshly showered and left with crab in my hair, on my arm and smelling like the sea. Unless you're dating the Sea God, Neptune, don't bring a date here.We also ordered the mussels in white wine sauce which tasted okay. They were a bit puny in size. There's a bunch of other seafood offered on the menu including fresh oysters and clams!The service is very attentive. There was no judging of 2 little Asian girls ordering 2 all you can eat crab meals. We barely spoke while eating and if we did, it was to make sure everything was okay.I appreciated the bathroom amenities -- automatic soap dispenser, automatic paper towel dispenser and automatic sink faucet. They know what's up.Like everyone else mentioned, it's rather easy to miss. If you take the second exit to Sheepshead Bay, make your first right then another right at the Dunkin Donuts plaza. Drive down and follow the curving road. At the stop sign, make a left and you'll see a sign to Clemente's Crabhouse. If all else fails, give them a ring and they'll help you out.Taking a ride on the Belt Parkway is very serene especially on a warm, spring/summer day. The pot of gold* at the end of the rainbow is Clemente's.Just Do It.*No, I'm not a leprechaun or Irish.
<review# 1352,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2011,8/25/2011,80,212,18,16,26>How do you say goodbye?I knew something was special about her when we first met over pho in the Bronx, of all places -- what a start that was! Later, we shared dim sum in Chinatown, sul long tang in Flushing, pad see ew in Elmhurst... Some of the most authentic meals available in a city with no shortage of competition.And now, she was leaving NYC. One last supper.I wanted to honor her with an exclamation point, one for the road. We were far past the point of me feeling the need to impress. Thus, Yasuda, 15 East: ethereal, but maybe too reverential for a send-off meant to be full of warmth. In fact, serious sushi at all was risky -- she would've been happy with simplicity, hominess.But Kanoyama was serious sushi with a difference. I'd once been a random walk-in at the omakase counter. The chef, Nobu-san, apologized for the poorness of the day's catch. Apologized! He then proceeded to blow me away. Not just with the food, but with the geniality he and my server Taku showed me. Rarely had I had such delicacy delivered with such warmth.It was that quality I hoped for again as I spirited my convive away from the desperately youthful energy of the East Village on a Saturday night. No main dining room for us: I'd eaten there too, and the regular-table delay between sushi making and consumption disturbed the equilibrium between rice and fish, turning the exquisite into the merely noteworthy. Instead, we settled at the dark-wooded omakase counter. Taku instantly remembered me from my visit 6 months prior. Chef Nobu-san quickly followed and effortlessly and efficiently prepared our first dish.Kanoyama's super omakase starts with appetizers. You may just want to mainline nigiri, but consider this: a square of grated mountain yam topped with an okra puree, surrounded by cool dashi flecked with wasabi and junsai. The slick chill of the junsai (an aquatic root with an intoxicating texture) melded with the smooth yam, cleansing and eye-opening. My convive looked up at me after one bite, surprised delight in her eyes, and I looked right back with a faintly smug expression. "What did I tell you?"A blizzard of appetizers followed. Uni reclining on tofu and vinegar gelatin. Duo-toned noodles in a bracing ume-infused broth. A light sashimi course, including tiny whole cuttlefish and a gloriously marinated tuna. A bonito soup bathing some sort of fish -- I wasn't even listening by then, instead sneaking glances in my convive's direction, tracking her "oohs", her "mmms". And her intimations of getting filled up. I turned to Nobu-san and cried, "So much wonderful food, but you're getting us full before we've even had any sushi!""One more, one more," he said, bashful yet assured. He then placed a single piece of asparagus on each of our plates. What an elegant moment, following the fireworks with something so simple. Merely kissed by oil and dusted with green tea salt, shining a lustrous green, it entered my convive's mouth. Her voice instantly dropped an octave. "This... is a good asparagus," she breathed.We asked where the asparagus was from. "New Jersey," he said, cracking open the cedar bucket holding the sushi rice. What's past is prologue, right? A slice of the knife, a scoop of the hand, a twist of the arm, and there it was: a glistening piece of fluke bedded on a bolus of rice. He handed it *directly* into my convive's hand. "I'll wait for you," she said.My eyes widened like saucers. "NO. EAT NOW."She did, her eyes shutting involuntarily in pure pleasure. As I would find out seconds later with my own piece, that fluke nigiri, so often a boring fish, shocked with its lucidity, and with the calibrated texture of the rice that I thought I'd overdreamed but hadn't, and my God, this was a *gift*, and I looked at Nobu-san and couldn't even say anything, and he smiled generously back at me, calm and unerring.What followed was a fever dream of nigiri. Red snapper dissolved before it even hit the throat. Shima-aji, delicate and decadent. Squid, firm yet yielding. Horse mackerel: uncured, oily, sublime. A brush of soy sauce here, a pinch of shiso there, perfect grace notes. Two large live shrimp, killed in front of us, and not in vain, their flesh evanescent as summer twilight. A bamboo-leaf package held a Chilean trout nigiri; how was it prepared? The trout was screamingly raw, but the rice had taken on the leaf's aroma, a fascinating combination. I'm forgetting things. Uni. Toro.Never mind the details. After all, dining perfection -- that alchemical mix of food, company, setting -- happens in spite of one's plans, not because of them. But for one special convive, I wanted our last hours together to be charmed, indelible. Food is the only way I know how. It can express emotions my clumsy words never could. When the end was nigh, my convive and I shared a look, and I knew: Kanoyama spoke for me when I needed it to most.Gochisosama-deshita.Probability of return within 1 year: I don't know.
<review# 1353,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2010,8/24/2011,545,1338,33,25,31>My life coach likes to remind me, "A girl can't live on tofu alone."My therapist asked me, "What does that mean to you?"My vegetarian friend turned carnivore says, "Bacon gives me the strength to go on through the day."My mother's words of wisdom are, "Die with a smile."..................I told my life coach, "I did it! I went to Crif Dogs!"I screamed at my therapist, "I AM AN ISLAND!" Yes, this is why I am in therapy.I told my vegetarian friend turned carnivore, "You should make that into a t-shirt. I'd wear it." (and so would Peter D aka the poster child for cool shirts)I told my mother, "When you've had some junk in your body, it's kind of hard not to die with a smile." Just kidding, I would never say something like that to my mom. I am the good kid.                                                                    ..................Oh Crif Dogs, how I love thee. You may prank us with your Crif Paks (SURPRISE! you don't get to choose your dogs! or your sides! or your end price! it's a SURPRISE! no thank you...). Your milk shake machine could stay broken. You could be out of dale's pale ale. I will still love you. My friends will still yearn for you. My eyes get big when I see hot dogs piled high cruise past me. I melt when a large serving of tater tots covered in cheese is placed upon me. I am ecstatic just thinking about how your fries are WAFFLE fries. And to top it all off, I like to replay the moment I put that bacon wrapped hot dog in my mouth, how it was crunchy and snapped and was just salty enough to make my arnold palmer taste even better. I am a toppings girl and Crif Dogs hot dogs sure have a lot of toppings (avocado, cream cheese, sour cream, pineapple, pickles, etc.). I will be back. I will not listen to my friend who is a dietitian. I definitely didn't listen to anything I was taught in CCD. JUNK is good.
<review# 1354,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2011,8/23/2011,794,428,15,15,19>Some people think open-minded people do yoga. Or maybe the truly tolerant and zen are Unitarian Universalists. Perhaps the bravest adventurers expand their minds with LSD.No!You can do all of those things but if you don't eat at Takashi then you're no balls-to-the-walls Bourdain Bear with no ceilings... you're just a "foodie" with "quotes."The culinary gods do not bless people who eat a fancy cheeseburger.If you have a true passion for amazing trips you'd take the tongue experience. The tasty morsels were better than some steaks I've eaten in my life. And who doesn't love cooking the meat on a grill in front of you? Sometimes when people express a dish to be "subtle" they really mean it has no flavor. I would say that this dish is subtle because the flavoring and texture speak with an equal voice (mmm, twisted tongue joke).The other dishes we had, whether it be the peppered edamame or other assorted offal, carried that same spirit of deft delicious excellence. There was no "homestyle" slapdash of inconsistency. It was such a beautiful, interesting, and delicious meal that I really felt this restaurant was on another inspired level.
<review# 1355,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2011,8/22/2011,87,109,11,13,13>In another life, I will find the time to watch Mad Men but since I am like 12 seasons behind so it's not happening anytime soon. I did, however, watch the first season and I distinctly remember Sterling and Draper enjoying an opulent lunch of martinis and oysters that ends in Sterling puking back at his office. I call a lunch like that Tuesday. Well, my life would be much better if I had more meals like that and heading to Grand Central Oyster Bar made me feel a step closer to the dream. The Oyster Bar has been around since 1913 and is getting another round of recent attention due to some other trendy oyster spots popping up around the city. In addition, it is oyster season, so why not grab some friends and go eat some oys with your boys.The Oyster Bar is like the seafood version of PJ Clarke's, complete with red & white checkered tablecloths and a slew of blue-blooded WASPs, drinking heavily. It is a culinary landmark in NYC and I am ashamed to admit I was an OB virgin until the other night. The space is split into three parts; a main dining room, diner-esque counter space and the saloon. The saloon is a separate dining area that is pretty much the same as the main dining room but doesn't take reservations and looks more like your grandfather's basement. The underground eatery has gorgeous arched ceilings and wood-paneled walls, with more history than 99 percent of restaurants in NYC.  What you know about history, young buck? Oyster Bar isn't good for people watching or being trendy or being seen. It is just classic New York and for that, I love it.The menu changes daily as the Oyster Bar gets a fresh delivery of seafood every morning. Even though they might run out of a number of items by the end of the day, I am sure you can find something to eat amongst the other 1,500 options on the menu. They feature almost 30 different types of oysters daily from Blue Points to Kusshi. You can order your own or have the chef choose 8 for around $19. Although this is strictly chef's choice, the quality of the oysters can't be matched, so suck it up and let the chef choose for you. You should already be about 1.5 martinis deep anyway so why stress over a decision.A couple of questions:Are you on a diet? No? Good.Do you know what the Oyster Bar stew is? No? It is a soup of cream, butter, paprika, seafood and love.Do you know what a pan roast is? No? It is a spicy version of the stew but also has a piece of bread soaking in all of the flavor from the liquid. The pan roast is an incredibly delicious winter comfort dish but it is not for the health conscious. It will turn your bowels into a slip n' slide. Be warned!Best Thing on the Menu: oysters, pan roastWaste of Time: watching your weightPerfect For: Getting After It
<review# 1356,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2011,8/21/2011,277,309,8,13,8>Rarely have I encountered such a case when the gustatory component of an upscale dining experience was so unbalanced with the quality of service provided. Before you read on, I want to clarify. I definitely recommend Bouley! Let yourself become enveloped by the warmth and grandeur of the restaurant, with its floral curtains and indoor white pillars. My mother and I had the lunch tasting menu. If I were to describe the day's meal, I would say that it was a compilation of simple and yet sophisticated tastes and flavors that were both comforting and creative at the same time.The breads to start, the apple raisin mini loaf, herbed baguette, pistacchio rye, olive sourdough, and walnut rye were fun to taste.The bib salad, upon first inspection, seemed boring - a pretty arrangement of clean leaves, but beneath the greenery was heart of palm thinly sliced and paired with trumpet mushrooms that were tossed in a refreshing dressing. My tongue could not dissect the intricate flavors of the sauce, but truly, it was perfect for the marrying of crisp heart of palm and tender mushrooms.The porcini flan, OH the porcini flan!! If I hadn't known any better I would've thought this to be a Chinese crab soup complete with the corn starched broth. Hints of butter tickle your fancy, and you're brought back to the French essence of the dish. My mom, after her first spoonful, covered her mouth and said to me "can we come back again?!"The duck came with a most brilliant sauce, a trick of both the sweet and savory - honey and porcini puree.Even the palate clearing selection was excellent - perhaps even more notable than the actual dessert dish - a yogurt gelato, whose tartness so wonderfully contrasted with the slightly sweet and crunchy pineapple granite, all atop a smooth coconut soup.Bouley serves spectacular food - 5 stars!! But the service leaves much to be desired. Inconsistency was the theme of the day. Some servers were incredibly polite, thoughtful, and accommodating (from folding your napkin to pulling out your chair for you to directing you to the restroom), while others were not so attentive and even a bit cold. Our neighbors at a nearby table were given full descriptions of the ingredients of each dish when dishes were brought to their table, while our servers only did so for the amuse bouche and otherwise somewhat carelessly dropped off our other food and left. Lastly I'll note that the dishes came out a bit too fast, so I did feel like I was getting rushed to finish my lunch. At a fine dining restaurant such as Bouley, that's definitely not something a patron should experience.I sincerely hope that servers and managers alike read this review. Every restaurant could benefit from some constructive criticism, and I do hope that upon my return the service at Bouley will be just as wonderful as the food served. I can't wait to be back!
<review# 1357,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2011,8/20/2011,308,363,12,15,14>My friends and I came here to celebrate our friend's bday - gotta give her props for coming up with this unique activity!  This is definitely a fun, off-the-beaten-path way to spend an afternoon, and at $20 for unlimited shooting, not a bad deal either.  Since the guys who run this place do it on the side, they're pretty much only open weeknights and weekend afternoons.  It's a very no-frills atmosphere, basically just a big room with targets on one side and equipment, seating and bathrooms on the other.It seemed that most of the other people there were avid shooters, many with their own bows and arrows.  And man, did those bows look supremely badass!  I was impressed with the variety in size and style.  When we first arrived, we were a little intimidated and definitely stuck out like sore thumbs as newbies, but the regulars didn't pay much attention to us.  Everyone was pretty focused on their own shooting...and focus is a good thing when there are 15+ people with deadly weapons in their hands!  Guy, one of the co-owners who's a Long Island detective, joked that that's why he carries his handgun...you just never know!  We were surprised when he handed us off to his young daughter, Valerie, to give us our tutorial.  Even though she looks more like a gymnast than an archer, don't let her looks fool you!  For one thing, she's older than she looks (something I can totally relate to).  On top of that, she's very informative, knowledgeable...and badass!  This was proven when she took her turn shooting some arrows.  The bow was taller than her, but she totally commanded it!  We were all in awe, as was Guy, who proudly compared her to Hit Girl from that Kick-Ass movie.We ended up spending five hours shooting, and had a great time chatting up Guy, Valerie and even befriending one of the kids whose dad had brought him.  Unfortunately, there isn't much in the way of snacks, so if you intend on spending a few hours here, bring your own food (they let you eat at the tables).  It's a really laid-back, welcoming place with nice people running it.  So if you've ever wanted to try archery, this is the place to go!  And maybe you can feel a little badass yourself for a couple of hours.
<review# 1358,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2011,8/19/2011,467,299,8,10,12>I adore this place- mostly for the tiny little venue tucked in back.A railroad car with a miniature stage adorned with bulbs (Heather N., you are spot on with the music box-esque description) that just make my heart go aflutter. As I told fellow yelper Brandon Z., I want to live here. Just in the venue area. I don't care if there aren't any windows- it feels absolutely magical in this space (and if it were my apartment, the proximity to the bar ain't half bad either). I mean.. small, no windows, lots of charm... that's a new york apartment, right?anyway, if you are seeing a show here, make sure you get a spot early or else you may be out of luck, my "apartment (a girl can dream, can't she?)" gets pretty packed pretty quickly.
<review# 1359,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2011,8/18/2011,327,345,27,17,21>OH. MY. GOD.I don't do drugs. Wasn't ever into it. So when I liken something to crack, I am only pulling from what I have seen in movies and, ya know, word on the street. Luke's = Crack. There is a very small group of restaurants in this city that I would call eating there a religious experience. After trying Luke's recently, I knew I had found Jesus in the form of a flavorful, buttery, fresh lobster roll. I'm salivating right now. Are you? Let me explain the mega-deliciousness that is Luke's Lobster Heaven (I added that last word, it seemed appropriate). I walked on into this casual little lobster "shack" on the Upper East Side. I was all jazzed about trying it since the hype was spreading across NYC like wildfires spread through California. I ordered a Taste of Maine at the suggestion of my dining companion, who has been a patron of Luke's since it opened. Plus, I know her food choices are pretty solid, so I trusted her and never looked back. I cleaned my plate. Like actually was licking my fingers and making horribly annoying "Mmmm" noises as I ate. The lobster and shrimp rolls were my favorite, and the crab was also stellar, and everything was seasoned with magical fairy dust and just a touch of mayo. The buns were all buttery and lightly toasted. I mean if anything was ever perfect...it would be these lobster rolls. I don't know what they put in those rolls, but I can assure you that is filled with sugar and spice and everything nice.  I don't know if the above review is enough for you to go in and try it for yourself, but every day you wait to try it out is a day that is wasted and you can never get back. Think about that the next time you make a dinner decision. The only downside: you will crave it all the time. LOBSTER ROLL WIN.
<review# 1360,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2011,8/17/2011,289,209,22,25,22>Be prepared for a sausage fest--in both senses--when you come to this hidden gem in the Kensington section of Brooklyn. Old Brick Café is a restaurant that specializes in tasty meat links among other Balkan* delights. It's also an apparent fraternal hangout for the Balkan men in the neighborhood. I didn't realize that when my friend and I crashed their den of dudedom for lunch. It might explain why the server seemed shocked to see us. He and his barrel-chested buddies in track suits were engrossed in the soccer match on the mounted flatscreen TV, till we walked in. His face seemed to say, "Are you girls lost?"I'm glad that didn't scare us off because the food here is truly delicious, in that soul satisfying way that transcends cultural familiarity and nostalgic ties. Despite the aforementioned TV and wary glare from the server, the place is actually inviting. Decked out in dark wood and Balkan knick-knacks, it feels homey and authentic. The menu is a mish-mash of globalized guy food (fries, mozzarella sticks, wings) and Balkan classics. I decided on the pasulj ($10). It's a huge bowl of creamy white beans simmered with about a dozen big chunks of insanely smoky beef. The meat was streaked with thick layers of fat like bacon. I decided they weren't worth eating after they'd given up all their flavor to the luscious broth like spent 9-volt batteries.My friend played Russian roulette with the menu and landed on the Sudzuk & Cevapi combo ($10). With no translation provided, we were pleasantly surprised when it turned out to be two kinds of grilled sausage. The sudzuk was two fat links spiced, hard and dry-aged while the cevapi was five pieces of juicy free-form sausage that looked like the brown 'n' serve breakfast variety. A block of fresh cheese, sour cream and chopped onions rounded out the platter. As good as our entrees were, the highlight was the basket of warm pita that came with our meal. The thick, doughy pockets were grilled crisp on the outside and chewy, soft in the middle. We were stuffed but still devoured every last one.However, a quibble: I wasn't impressed with the spinach burek (two slices of spinach pie, $5). The phyllo pastry arrived limp and rubbery--as if it had been microwaved. Aside from that misstep, everything else was great, including the Turkish coffee that my friend got in a beautiful copper service set. Even our server had warmed up to us by the meal's end. I'd definitely go back for the irresistible pita and pasulj or maybe try one of their Balkan salads with feta.If you decide to visit, go armed with a big appetite, tolerance for lots of sausage around you, and greenbacks. It's OK if you're not a dude but this place is cash only.-------------------------------*Yeah, I didn't know that much about the Balkans either till I looked it up on Wikipedia: en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ba…
<review# 1361,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2007,6/12/2008,135,93,33,15,23>This place is definitely a step up from your average pizza place (with a step up in price as well), but it's no Grimaldi's or Angelo's. I give this place credit for trying though- fresh, high quality ingredients (including bufala mozzarella), excellent service, and it's kind of cool to get all your pizzas connected in one giant oblong pie when you order more than one pizza. The decor is pretty good too. The garage doors in front open up when the weather is warm so you can dine outside (or inside but feel like you're outside). The one drawback to that is the noise coming from Allen St. because it's a bus route. My conversation went something like this:Friend: So tell me more about this new girl you're dating. Me: Oh, she's great. She's really funny and we crack each other up. Her name is VVRRROOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOMMMMM.Friend: Damn that bus is loud. I barely heard you. How did you guys meet?Me: Oh, we met VVRROOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOMMMMMM, which is kind of funny since it's not someplace you would expect to meet someone.Friend: That's cool. How long before you nailed her?Me: Oh, we did it by the VVRRROOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM date, which is a record for me.***Friend: How many f*cking buses roll down this street anyway? It's like 10 at night. Soooo annoying.Also, the wait staff here is great- our waiter was very accommodating and seemed genuinely pleased that we were there. For that, I'm bumping this place from 3.5 to 4 stars.***This is a fictional conversation. Guys don't ask each other these kinds of questions.
<review# 1362,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2008,6/11/2008,786,1284,62,37,43>so, i know there's like 394830 reviews for this place already. i decided to make my review a little more experimental. ENJOY. .    .     .     .     .     .     .     .     .     .     .     .     .     .     .     .     .     .microphone check... check check check...                   *BEAT BOXIN*all you haters: take a look at my Christian Dior,laugh out loud, but you won't be smilin' anymore....as i take a bite... of my Kronos delight, that hot sauce... will beat you in a fight.cool your tongue with the yogurt sauce,i get all this food- but with a satisfyin' cost.the Halal boys will get you delirious...they'll pop a cap in yo ASSparagus! talkin' smack? hey, jack... you's smokin' crack!that's a wiggity wiggity wiggity wiggity wack!some may say, they're a little superstitious. try the chicken combo, it's crazy delicious! i'll be yo #1 caller... if you'll 5-dolla-holla.kart, chart, part, art, Bart Simpson,*a-wiki-wiki*... Debbie Gibson!gimmie a scoop of that yum yum rice, the conditions are right... just like winning at dice.        *CROSSES ARMS.... NODS HEAD*.    .     .     .     .     .     .     .     .     .     .     .     .     .     .     .     .     .P.S. you know a place is a 5 when you start craving their food like crack. seriously. whenever it gets to about 4pm... my stomach starts grumbling and thoughts of the mouth-watering Chicken w/ Rice come into mind.
<review# 1363,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2008,6/9/2008,24,86,7,13,12>Recommended for:  Premium wines, libation, tastings, oenophiles.Service 5, Selection 3, Quality 5.Wine stores are a dime a dozen in NY, and it takes a lot to "wow" a person.  Sure you can go around the corner for convenience and pick up a basic bottle, but if you desire an experience, great selection and knowledgeable staff, then Moore Brothers should be on your list of places to see.I came here for a wine tasting recently.  They do not do them often, but when they do, it is quite an experience.  Unlike other places that have tastings where you are in the front of the store or browsing and trying not to nock over bottles, Moore has a specific tasting section in the upper level of their store.  This entire floor is for entertaining and they do a very good job at it.  There is a coat room, a table of cheese especially like the maps of Italy, France and Germany where they showcase the different wineries and regions - very educational and I do consider myself an oenophile of sorts.At the tastings they actually have someone from the vineyard there, explaining some of the wines, the process and their own personal commentary.  I found this to be really great addition to the tasting, and recommend others do this as well.  The staff at Moore Brothers was equally knowledgeable and helpful in describing and discussing the wines they were pouring.Downstairs is a large selection of wines, well laid out in a modern design and decor.  As Daniel M said, they are wine importers and only carry wines which they deal with.  While this limits the selection, the quality can to an extent be assured.  I like how the inside of the store is kept very cool to keep all of their wines in good order.  This doesn't mean that you need a jacket when visiting, but it could be a bit nippy which I actually like.  MB cares not only about their wines, but also their customers and in that regard, they are a top-notch supplier that's definitely won this guys heart, or at least my taste buds and liver.Sean Approved:  Absolutely Definitely Yes!!!
<review# 1364,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2008,6/8/2008,85,223,38,48,34>My experience with Today's Maid  was nothing short of awesome. After we signed our current lease but before we moved in, we discovered that the previous tenant was kind of... well, a nightmarish, slovenly, human cesspool who left all kinds of filth and vermin in his wake. Roaches fell off the ceiling when we were waiting for the cable guy. There was some weird scum on all the light switches. And that sickeningly sweet smell coming from the kitchen didn't disappear after our sweet landlord scrubbed out the fridge -- it was frass. What's frass? Frass is roach feces. ROACH FECES. [pause][ pause ] ... sorry. I had to go take a shower. It just makes my skin crawl to think of it. Anyway, frass forms an enamel-like substance that looks like spatters of burned cooking grease, and it's incredibly hard to scrub off. And it was allllll over the inside of our cabinets. (Up high, where we couldn't even see while standing on a step-stool ladder before we signed the lease.)It was too much for me. WAY too much for me to deal with. So I asked friends for recommendations and my pal Martha gave me the number for Today's Maid. Today's Maid had their driver drop off Flora right on time. Someone at the office had relayed my instructions really clearly to her and she already knew what areas I wanted her to focus on. It took four hours to finish the kitchen & bathroom (the only rooms we needed help with). It really was that bad -- she was working hard the entire time she was here. When she finished, the tile sparkled from floor to ceiling and my cabinets were free of frass-enamel and that sickly sweet stink. Bonus points to Flora for not flinching even as I smashed roaches with my bare hands on the counters she'd just scrubbed. (I cleaned those up myself. Anything else would've just been rude.)  Her vigorous cleaning stirred up the survivors the exterminator hadn't gotten a couple of days before. I'm so  pleased with the thorough cleaning, convenience of having all necessary products brought to me and the professionalism of the maid and coordinators I spoke with on the phone. For an inaugural 4 hour cleaning + a huge, comprehensive box of cleaning supplies (which spared me from having to shop for them myself!) TMS set me back $160. That's it. That's all. It's not a luxury I'm going to use all the time, because I'm fine with cleaning up after myself, but cleaning up after nassssty prior tenants? Today's Maid all the way.
<review# 1365,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2008,6/7/2008,315,518,14,28,36>Joe's Pizza is the great equalizer for NY pizza lovers alike.  No matter what style you prefer, you have to take your hat off and pay respect to this slice.  If you haven't tried it yet, shame on you, you pizza slacker.  The Joe's Slice: Crispy. Cheesy. Thin. Large. Just the right amount of sauce (not too much)  But if you don't like, move on.  Like New York, it doesn't give a shit what you think.Everyone remembers the first time they had pizza at Joe's.  It's like a NYC milestone experience.As for me, Joe's reminds me of my father.  As a little girl, I'd watch a younger version of him say "Lock the doors," before running out of our beat up VW to grab a slice.  Simply because I was hungry.  He'd wait on line and smile back at me, shivering through the winter's cold.  Through the years, my father went from being in NYPD uniform, to transforming beneath undercover attire, to finishing his career in a fancy suit and tie as a big shot detective.  His favorite pizza spot remained the same, and slowly it became my favorite too.  He could have easily told me to run out and get the slice myself while he waited instead.  Yet there was something simple, thoughtful, and unspoken about his kindness.  Kindness surrounding a Joe's slice late at night. Years later, I'm 25 and donning my purple graduation robe.  My dad's older now too with salt-n-pepper hair, driving in the black Mercedes he's always wanted, and paying a price for all his years on the NYPD: a crippled gait that warrants the use of a cane, but of course he'd rather keep his dignity.  As our night comes to an end, we somehow end up at Joe's.  "You wanna slice?  Lock the doors, Nicole, " he runs out with a limp and comes back and hands it over with pride.  Maybe a little different this time.  Maybe not.  Maybe it's exactly the same and it always will be.
<review# 1366,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2008,6/5/2008,349,349,54,45,49>Until recently, my auction experience beyond eBay was limited to watching bags of worthless electronic goods being palmed off to unsuspecting Londoners in Covent Garden, for little more than a quid and tuppence, in the familiar "going-going-gone" setting.  I was therefore quite excited about going to Sotheby's for a live auction, with two fellow NYelpers -- Ahu S. and Nami Z.  Picture the village bumpkin that is me, sandwiched between two well-attired socialites.Auctions are a curious mix of theater and game theory, making them equally interesting to casual observers as well as active participants.  Whether you are bidding on a Dutch painting in an English auction or an English painting in a Dutch auction, there are some basics that you should master before registering for an all-powerful paddle that signals both your willingness to buy and your ability to pay.  For one thing, bids could come from a variety of sources -- absentees, phone callers, or even that poker-faced guy in Lee dungarees, sitting right next to you, playing with his disheveled hair.  You never know.  Our auctioneer was English, and mechanically went about showcasing lot after lot, having them knocked down at well above their reserve prices, each time issuing a fair warning before bringing down the gavel in a final blow to the losing bidders.  Be prepared to pay a buyer's premium of as much as 25% over the hammer price.  Better still, run the numbers ahead of time, based on the auction estimates from the catalog.  And before you leave for the event, pop in whatever it is from your medicine cabinet that would keep your emotions in check, since payment is expected right after the auction ends, and pleading that your check will be in the mail will not pass muster.When you visit Sotheby's for an auction, leave some time to check out their public exhibition of other items, typically open a week in advance of their live auction.  And feel free to ask the specialists on hand any searching questions you might have.  In summary, you have nothing to lose.  Go experience the vicarious thrill of a live auction at Sotheby's.  Nothing compares, except perhaps Christie's.                                                 Nami Z.            Srini V.               Ahu S.                                                                                                               $10,000!                     ???                        $11,000!                                                ()   /o\                    'O'                      /o\  ()                                                   \ // \\                  /( . )\                    // \\ /                                                                  |||                   ' | | | '                    |||                      ~---------------------- ' ' --------------- '  ' ---------------- ' '  ----------------------~In the final tally, one star has to come off for making the auction so accessible to the likes of me, yet keeping the bidding well beyond my wallet's reach.
<review# 1367,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2007,6/3/2008,277,615,14,15,15>Arnab M.: "Wasn't that DELICIOUS?!"Brett L.: "YUMMMMMMY!!! I can't believe how good that was, I am so stuffed. I also cannot believe I ate three of those custard-filled buns. Let's leave before I eat more!"Arnab M.: "What? Without paying?"Brett L.: "Uhmmmmmm, nooo, of course not! Well... May be, I bet that they won't notice, and who knows how much we spent given that we ate so much?"The bill arrives right then... Grand total: $16.50... For 7 plates of dim sum. WOW!!! Was this a good deal or what?! And to think Brett wanted to leave without paying or eating more. Excellent food, quick service, and short waits despite the lines. Communal tables are not something I am used to but it wasn't bad at all as the other two couples we shared our table with were far enough that we all had an illusion of privacy. I am definitely coming back here!
<review# 1368,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2008,6/2/2008,107,154,35,21,26>Even from the outside with the large cotton candy machine and tanuki (traveling badger) statue with red blinking eyes, Kenka is a great place with a wicked sense of humor.Most recently, I took some San Diegans here to end a very drunken night. Though I usually go to Yakitori Taisho (best food on the street) or Village Yokocho (great food, great atmosphere), I decided on Kenka figuring it was the best place on the street to fit a large group. Kenka may not have the best food, but it has a sort of attitude that I adore. The place doesn't look terribly impressive at first; it has dingy fluorescent lighting (retro stained-glass boxy lamps hang recklessly from the ceiling), dirty white walls (with a simple landscape "mural" in the back), and slightly rickety and uncomfortable (tables and chairs are too low; chairs are made of straw that poke and itch) furniture. But it kind of works--if there was a concept of a Japanese dive during the 1960s, I'm sure it'd look something a bit like this. And then there are the quirks. Boobie filled yakuza movie posters hang on the walls. Old pinball machines are found in the back. Right above them are portraits of (presumably) actors and actresses of the 1960s rocking their fabulous hair. I even love the little smoking section outside which is outfitted with a model of a outdoors food stand; I quit long ago, but I totally wouldn't mind making an ass out of myself with a candy cigarette blowing puffs of sugar as I fantasize myself being in Japan. So the entire group of us ordered great amounts of food and alcohol--all very cheap. A pitcher of beer was about $8. Calpico cocktails (including peach flavor!) are $5.50 and come in lowball glasses. The cheapest bottle of sake (in terms of price for quantity) is a 1.5 liter monster for about $35. We got a bunch of things for the table of eight, and everyone left drunk and full for about $12 worth. I am always a bit disappointed by the food. The okonomiyaki is too soggy and oversauced. I'm also a little miffed that they use some sort of pita bread for the bottom instead of making it with the batter. The beef bowl lacked flavor, but came in a pretty good size. The wasabi squid could have been fresher (though the wasabi part was excellent). But the best was definitely the ramyun--the broth had just enough flavor and kick. But as I said, I'm in love with this place's attitude. So here goes the story. We're well inebriated when the waiter comes around telling us it's last call for food. We flip through the menu (even that has attitude with its scandalous front featuring the nude back of a slim female decked out in yakuza tattoos and a schizophrenic layout inside) and see that bull penis being offered. Being the immature drunkards that we were, we all burst into fits of laughter and dared another to eat it. We were all ganging up on one particular boy (he, of course, refusing vehemently), and I, being the drunk mess (and also thinking that there's no way he was going to take me seriously), told him I'd make out with him if he ate it. And before I knew it, I was apparently signing a contract on a napkin and my friend was hailing down the waiter. I love the waiters here. They might not be the friendliest, but they got a sense of humor. Friend: Um... could you tell me about the bull penis?Waiter: (dead serious) It's bull penis. Friend: (hoping the answer would be yes) Oh. Um... is the kitchen closed? Is it too late to order? Waiter: (dead serious) For bull penis, I will open kitchen.  (at this point, the friend loses all color in his face)So he gets it. Bull penis is apparently served after it's been cleaned out, sliced, and preserved in (according to friend) sake with Japanese mustard poured on top. It looks disgusting. And he eats it. And takes 45 minutes to do so (the staff was kind enough to let us stay long enough to fully enjoy the torture show). When asked what bull penis tastes like, he answered, "IT TASTES LIKE BULL PENIS." (I'm sorry my friend isn't of much help) When further pressed, he explained that it was the most gross thing he's ever eaten, and more than the taste (mostly sake, he said) was the texture--both grainy and slimy at the same time. (Ew)Great place. Just a great place to laugh and drink away on a budget. P.S. And if you were wondering, I did not make out with him.  Is it because he was too miserable afterwards? Is it because I'm an awful person? Is it because there's no way I was going to make out with someone who has bull penis breath? Probably all of the above, but mostly the last one.
<review# 1369,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2008,5/31/2008,123,129,37,17,20>Twas a dark and stormy Friday night, and of course the only weather-proof party animals who were willing to help  me drink away my emotions were two very fabulous 'mos.  Whereas my straight friends proceeded to chastise me for going out in the rainy williwaw (it's a word, look it up).. one call placed to one of my fave gay lovers went something like this:Julia:  I wanna go out.  I'm depressed.Fave Gay Lover:  OMG me too!  I'm so glad you called!  Okay we're going to O.W.!Julia:  What should I wear?FGL:  Just look fierce & wear those hooker heels for me!We sidle up to the bar, surrounded by a majority of gay men in their thirties and upwards.  [Why did we go here?  Maybe my friends thought they could score some sugar daddies tonight?]  But the barkeep were friendly, the drinks were giant, and the atmosphere was comfy.I must admit, it's probably counterproductive for a female in her sexytime clothing to visit a gay bar post-breakup.. because those eyes aren't on you, honey.. they're on your manwhore of a friend's taut little arse.
<review# 1370,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2008,5/30/2008,4999,1226,12,24,25>Overall I had a good experience. First off the Lower East Side is a great neighborhood. It's similar to the Mission (if you're from San Francisco), but feels less dangerous at night. Cool restaurants, shopping, and nightlife is all nearby. The hotel entrance is whimsical, you enter through a white cavern at ground level where you'll find the hotel restaurant and bar (Thor). The desk staff was very responsive (I had to get an important fax out late night and the front desk guy helped me get it done).The room I stayed in (rate: $495 before tax) felt far more spacious than my past NYC experiences. I really liked how the window shade could be drawn or closed with the touch of a button. Maintenance of the hotel seems to be the one area of weakness. I had a suspicious stain my carpet (which they promptly cleaned) and my shower window had a crack. Neither problem really got in the way of my experience, so I'll let both slide.So the ultimate question, would I stay here again? Sure.
<review# 1371,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2006,7/15/2006,666,1833,1,4,3>This is my absolute first pick for homemade food in Brighton. I simply cannot get enough of this place!! This is where a good three quarters of the food I have consumed in my entire life comes from basically. Yummmmmmmm. That's all I have to say. They have the best beef stroganoff, the best kotletki (like Russian hamburgers) the best everything. And it's always fresh. Plus, there's other 2 floors of everything yummy and the cafe...I am actually drooling as I am typing this, which ought to give you some indication of how good it is!
<review# 1372,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2006,7/14/2006,31,35,,3,3>I am not afraid to consume copious amounts of meat and beer, so RUB has been on my wish list for an age. Portions were enormous. Knowing that dinner would be BBQ, I only had a fruit salad for lunch. I still could not come close to finishing my Burnt Ends with sides of collard greens and vinegar cole slaw. The sides are huge, lots of opportunities for sharing. The only dessert option is fried Oreos, but we were so stuffed we skipped it. Our waiter was friendly and attentive and there is a small bar up front for waiting, with a cool bartender giving us advice on what to order.  The beer selection is solid with some unique options, which is crucial for BBQ. Acoustics are a joke, but you'll be so busy inhaling all that meat, you won't want to speak anyway.  RUB does not take reservations, but it is a fairly large space. My group of 6 got there at 7:45 on Saturday and was seated almost immediately. If we had been much later, I think we would have been waiting as the place does fill up. I can see why RUB consistently wins Best BBQ competitions. The only reason I may not go back - RUB is Kansas City style BBQ, which I had forgotten. I really prefer Carolina (vinegar based) to the sweet, tomato based sauce they provide. If KC style is your personal preference, you'll definitely enjoy.
<review# 1373,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2006,7/13/2006,144,22,2,1,2>It's beautiful.  When I got into the elevator I felt like an idiot because I didnt know how to get out.  But when you got downstairs it's just ipods and macs.  The bathroom stall felt like I was in an airplane.  But I have to give it 4 stars because i'm a sucker for mac.  OoO oh yea, you can't buy a pc @ 3 in the am.  But who wants to??
<review# 1374,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2006,7/12/2006,2300,8619,1,2,2>A great place to celebrate if it's going to be your last night in town for a while. After 4 days and 20 bars later MercBar was to be the last of  my drinking. I told my friend: 'I should probably call it around 1am cause I have to get on a plane at 6:30.' Next thing I know the lights are coming on and it's 4am.  I can assure you there wasn't much time trying to sober up,  go back, shower, pack, take a nap and then get a cab to JFK.  Time does sure go fast when you're having a great time.My friend had the great foresight to make reservations here. Got ourselves a nice little table in the main bar. Gorgeous, luxurious, space and setting, in a deep, heady, dimly lit red hue. Refined, yet relaxed place for a nice mixed drink. This does come at a cost however. $12 a pop for a Belvedere Martini or a Maker's Manhattan. After 7 hours of libations and a ~$300 bar tab between 2 of us, it was probably a good thing they turned the lights on because we could have carried on all night. We were after all, celebrating...Friendly, attentive expedient service. Beautiful, chic staff and patrons. I can't say I've had many better times at other places. Definitely a great last night and as relaxed as I've ever been.
<review# 1375,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2006,7/11/2006,25,62,,2,1>My new favorite coffee shop, and I don't even drink coffee (they have a nice loose tea selection). One of the great spaces to hang out and study in, but  there's also plenty of folks chit-chatting and an eclectic mix constantly streaming forth from the iPod (as well as live music Thurs eves), so don't go seeking total quiet. The food is good, but not great, but the prices are very reasonable so if you need a quick snack with your beverage it ain't bad. They also are going to open a cool soda-fountain area with floats and egg creams and all that stuff, which will be cool. If you ask, even now, you can get your pie ala mode, though. Open until midnight every night.
<review# 1376,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2006,7/10/2006,179,362,2,1,4>As far as I am concerned the NY Times is the best newspaper in America.   I always learn something new and it is always written so damn well.  I read it online, though, mostly---although, when I do buy a hard copy it is a special treat.
<review# 1377,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2006,7/9/2006,6,30,3,3,5>Hmm.  Hmm.  Good.  Two Boots hits the spot.  Named after the two boots of Italy and Louisiana, the pizza features a spicy almost cajun sauce that is delicious! The crust is always thin and crispy and they use just the right amount of cheese. They have the best topping combinations in the world - no combos have ever come close to replicating the pizza-gasm of the Tony Clifton (mushrooms, vidalia onions, red pepper pesto), the Cleopatra Jones (sausage, onions and mixed peppers) or the Mrs. Peele (oven roasted veggies, bread crumbs and no cheese).  Of all their locations I like Two Boots A Go Go on 7th Ave and 11th best.  I hit Two Boots after yoga classes at Integral Yoga on 13th.  My yoga practice and pizza practice became so intertwined that I actually started using a pizza as my visual object of focus in meditation.
<review# 1378,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2006,7/8/2006,4,12,2,4,5>If you're reading this review, it's likely that you'll be the youngest patron at this Upper East Side watering hole by a number of decades.  Though fairly unremarkable, Finnegan's Wake was my only refuge during the dismal year I spent on the Upper East Side.  It could always be counted on to be devoid of small dogs, strollers, Burberry, or any of the other symbols of yuppie affluence so ubiquitous in that part of town.  The service is friendly, the patrons are older, and the fish and chips are well worth your hard-earned money.  While sufficiently Irish, it doesn't bludgeon its patrons with stereotypical paddy accoutrements.  Be sure to note the portraits of Irish literary giants like James Joyce (the bar itself is presumably named after his last novel), and enjoy the easy conversation with fellow patrons.
<review# 1379,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2006,7/7/2006,5,4,5,2,6>There are dive bars and then there are Dive bars.  This is the last remaining authentic Hell's Kitchen Dive.  It comes complete with a full cast of i-bankers, artists, and some fairly shady individuals.  Watch out for the occasional pimp with a feather in his hat trying to pick up on the girl you bring and make sure to put in your selection on the juke-box early.  All-in-all, this place reeks of authenticity in a city that seems to have all but lost it.  So, come for the $9 pitchers of Yuengling and stay for the memories.
<review# 1380,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2006,7/6/2006,4,4,6,3,4>i love sandwiches. i don't mean that i enjoy eating them once in a while. when i say i love sandwiches, it means that i would heartily enjoy eating a sandwich morning, noon and night until i could no longer chew and swallow on my own. and with the aid of a blender and a bendy straw, perhaps even after that. if i had to decide a place to get these many sandwiches from, without any hesitation at all i would choose parisi's bakery on mott st. in nolita. i held an internship a block away from parisi's and every day i would scour the neighborhood in search of cheap but good food. did this anomaly exist?? i am pleased to tell you, reader, that it does indeed. upon discovering parisi's i was an instant addict. i had a sandwich almost every day. parisi's sandwiches are no ordinary sandwiches. they are veritable behemoths comprised of a huge, fresh, crusty italian hero - sized loaf, sparkling lettuce and meaty tomatoes, top notch condiments [including homemade roasted red peppers which are to die for] and sliced to order cold cuts and cheese which are extravagantly tasty. all of these ingredients come together in a symphony of flavors to delight the most discerning palates. of course, each sandwich is completely customizeable: it would be completely okay to get a sandwich stuffed sky high with purely roast beef, if you so desired.they don't only serve cold sandwiches. oh, no. they have plenty of hot sandwiches as well, like vast, steaming hot egg & pepper omelete sandwiches, and meatball and chicken parm sandwiches with sauce that rivals your italian grandmother's. seriously. they've got tons of homemade spreads if you're in the mood for that, and fresh mozzerella and roasted red peppers is an excellent vegetarian option.all of these delicious items are created by warm and friendly servers highly trained in the art of sandwiches who treat their customers like their own family. and customers they have in abundance; get there around 1230p and you will be standing on a line that wraps around the tiny interior of the store and clear out the door.  [get there quick though, they usually close around 2 or so.]the best part? these massive, delectable sandwiches are mostly $5-6 and will take the better part of an hour to finish. what are you waiting for? stop drowning in your own drool and go get a freaking sandwich.
<review# 1381,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2009,12/8/2009,405,569,20,19,21>It was all red and black and smoky, that night, like a film dated by the sun or wine, but I don't know, I don't remember. I drank too much scotch, and I leaned into the counter, drummed my fingers on the bar, and looked at the barkeep with two heavily shadowed brown eyes. And I believe I ordered a scotch and soda with a twist and at one point in the evening discussed that said scotch and soda with a twist is the drink a scotch drinker has when it's warm out, and I must have wrapped my sweater tighter around my shoulders because it wasn't warm at all. And we talked about the rise and fall of the American novel, about meta-fiction, about the uselessness of an MFA and even the relative uselessness of a PhD, to which we all laughed and laughed and some of us drank and drank. Some of us felt forlorn, some of us felt saved; I felt drunk, and lost my balance. Someone picked me up, and my scotch and soda with a twist, and walked me out of Hotel Delmano while someone else paid my tab. That was the first time the PhD and I met, but not the last time we would drink scotch on a sad bar stool on a sad evening.
<review# 1382,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2009,12/6/2009,315,518,30,22,27>Recipe for Nicole's Life:4 cups of Family and Friends3 cups of Love2 cups of Laughter8,000 Shanghai Cafe Soup Dumplings Blend together.  Sprinkle abundantly with Awkward Moments of Squirting Soup Dumplings Across Your Date's Face.  Serve with generous helpings.
<review# 1383,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2009,12/5/2009,99,30,37,19,24>An Arab, a Jew and a Canadian walk into a bar...no, this is not a beginning to a bad racial joke, but the start to an average story from my dysfunctional dating life. My good friend Preeti B and I set out for a typical "Man Fishing" expedition and after a delightful dinner we settled into Drop Off Service for a beer. After about an hour of failed attempts, we decided to pack up and try our luck at a different bar. That's when they appeared, out of no where, the three amigos. They were the most unique trio: one with his looks and his academia, the class clown with the unbeatable charm and of course the nice guy, who you couldn't help but adore. I was smitten. They swept me off my feet. We laughed, we cried, we danced. The problem was I loved them all. I left that night confused. I tried to decide which one I was going to call, which one I wanted to date, but I was torn. They only made sense together. As a trio, they were the perfect man. Alas, I decided it was best not to date any of them. A few weeks passed and I returned to Drop Off Service to enjoy a nice glass of Delirium and an amazing juke box. I made myself comfortable at the bar and happened to glance behind me...there sitting together, like magic, was my three suitors. We spent another amazing night together. I discussed books and music with one, celebrity gossip with another and reminisced about my childhood memories with the last. I kissed each one, hoping I would come one step closer to finding my "prince", but ended up more confused then ever. I didn't want to be the source of tension between the best friends, so I laid low for a few days, hoping time would help me along with my decision. I went back to Drop Off Service for the third and final time on New Year's Eve. I knew I would make the right choice this time. After hours of anxiously awaiting their arrival, I knew I was too late. The ball dropped. I called, I texted, but got no response. I left that night cold and alone, only left of the memories of the three that got away...
<review# 1384,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2009,12/4/2009,45,77,54,17,24>10 Things I Hate About Ko1) I hate how you think you're so cool and hip.2) I hate how you never have time for me.3) I hate how you make me click through your website in frantic anticipation every morning.4) I hate how you always have other dates.5) I hate how I have to spend so much money on you.6) I hate how I can only see you during the day if its a Friday, Saturday, or Sunday.7) I hate how your poached egg and caviar drives me so crazy.8) I hate how your shaved foie gras with lychee and riesling jelly confuses me but makes me smile at the same time.9) I hate how when I leave you all I wish is that I were still with you.10) But mostly I hate the way I don't hate youNot even close, not even a little bit, not even at all...*Choke back tears.  Turn.  Run out of room sobbing.*P.S. - Don't judge me for using Julia Stiles' climactic monologue in 10 Things I Hate About You as inspiration for Ko's review.  I liked the movie... so sue me.
<review# 1385,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2009,12/3/2009,127,165,16,17,19>Come autumn, all I want to do is drink beer in the West Village. It has that glamorous, bohemian, "New York" feeling, that i'm-wasted-in-a-cozy-sweater feeling. That I-could-be-a-great-writer-if-i-really-tried feeling. So after two weeks of eating healthy and avoiding alcohol, I decided to cash in big time at Corner Bistro with my favorite dining partners: me, myself, and I.The crowd at 3pm on a weekday is old and haggard, with a smattering of GQ types and a few foodie tourists. I sat down at one of the ancient wooden tables, carved with various symbols and the names of previous customers, and promptly ordered a Cheeseburger ($6) and French Fries ($2.75). I read about a page of my book in peace, wondering whether I should've gone for the gold (McSorley's for $2.75) when my order magically appeared in front of me. The burger was huge eight-ouncer, with a familiar, juicy, homemade taste.The onions snapped off like broken rubber bands after the first bite, but they were raw, so no big loss there. On the other hand, the fries were pretty terrible and McDonald's-esque, with an aftertaste that sent me scrambling for the nearest dessert. But that burger and the calm, dark, autumnal atmosphere gave me such a great feeling that I really couldn't care less about the bummer frites. Next time I'll go for a burger, a beer, and the company of a few Hemingway types. We'll discuss the pros and cons of being married to the sea, trade wooly cardigans, and all will be right with the world.
<review# 1386,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2009,12/2/2009,106,235,24,22,21>Welcome to Carnival, ladies and gents! Watch as the blindfolded elephant walks across a tightrope! Immerse yourself in wet thrills as performers are released into the dunk tank! Okay, not quite, but almost.I'm going through a major quarter life crisis. I hit 25 last month and it was paaaainful. I said to my friends, 'No going out. No celebrating. If I act like it doesn't exist, it never happened.' I can no longer say I'm in my early twenties. Oh wait, now I can rent a car. Perfect. Enter CARNIVAL: A bar plus Coney Island plus nightclub?! By day, amusement center for all ages; by night, 21 and over. Genius. We entered the 5th floor through a hallway of funhouse mirrors and continued to the carnival games and lounge. At first I was apprehensive. It seemed too quiet and casual. Where's the spectacle, the pizazz, the sparkle?! Enter the $70 'DUNK TANK': 2 gallons of a liquor and fruit juice concoction. The cocktail waitress brought it out and I gave it the once-over, 'Psh.. I could drink this in my sleep', except the four of us chugged and chugged and we didn't get anywhere. The never ending drink! Aaah now I'm starting to see the magic. Enter the GAMES: $4 per game, hoowee pricey! But I played and I actually won! ME! I jumped up and down like a kid at my first town carnival and presented my winnings, a real goldfish in a baggy, to my friends. I forced the bf to take a pic of my new friend and me. But then I had second thoughts, what am I going to do with a fish?! I brought it back to the game booth.'I'm sorry. Can I uhm... trade the fish for a stuffed animal?''But why? You don't like the fish?!''No, I do! I just... I don't think I'd be a very good fish mommy!!! I've had a drink, you know.'The entire staff is sooo sweet and since the place was dead, we got to play many games for free. Our waitress was super hot too. Exit DRUNK AND HAPPY: I see Carnival getting cheesy and ghetto really soon but what can I do. We stayed until closing (you can't take home the cup unless you finish the 'Dunk Tank' drink first duuuh) and stumbled onto the street - stuffed animals, a plastic 2 gallon jug, and countless 'clean fun' memories in hand. I felt like a kid all over again.
<review# 1387,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2009,12/1/2009,104,136,12,18,21>We consider it an added bonus that we live down the block from this place. Free Wifi, organic food, and live jazz all contribute to why it holds a warm place in my heart. The Lobster Mac n' Cheese is my new close to home favorite food. Honestly I probably would eat it every night if my boyfriend was as enthusiastic about it as I am. It's made with 3 cheeses and fresh Maine Lobster that tastes so buttery and delicious I wish there were a few extra pieces thrown in. The Prosciutto Panino is good enough to be served at Bagatelle or some other high end restaurant. I'd bet money that you haven't had one with Ciabatta toasted as crunchy and crisp like they make it at Indian Road Cafe. The service is great (they will honor your order no matter how close to closing it is) and the calendar is always chock full of cool music and comedy performances. Plus it's close to home! I think Jason Minter did Inwood a huge favor by adding this delightful cafe to the neighborhood.
<review# 1388,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2009,11/30/2009,472,510,20,21,21>I'm glad something came out of a pointless, four-year relationship... the discovery of this Filipino eatery.  Krystal's is a staple within the Filipino community in Queens.  Any time is a busy time coming to this place b/c although there are competing Filipino restaurants within the neighborhood (actually some on the same street), you will be hard-pressed to find a better and more authentic place than Krystal's.  The location is prime.. although there's not many options for parking, if you are a straphanger, just hop off the 7 train at 69th Street Fisk station and Krystal's is literally right on the corner.  Prices here are pretty cheap and you get a good amount of food.  If you're a dieter and looking for healthy fare, this might not be the wisest place to patronize.  Filipino cuisine though varied, is mainly known for their love of fried foods.  There's the typical breakfast plates (garlic fried rice, a fried egg, and your choice of a cured meat... "tocino" or "longinsa" (both pork, and very tasty), or fried milk fish.  But really, one could have this type of meal any time of the day.  My particular favorite dish... which I inevitably always end up ordering each time I come here, is a noodle dish called "pancit palabok"... poolee noodles sauted in a rich and creamy fish-based sauce, toosed with shrimp and pieces of bacon and a sliced, hard-boiled egg.  I just had it over the weekend and it never disappoints me.  I also really like this vegetarian dish, "laing" which is a medley of spinach and taro leaves (i think), cooked in coconut milk.  Ahhh, that's good!!  Other famous filipino dishes are "kare-kare" which is something I will probably never try since it's got ox tail in it.. but my friend seemed to have enjoyed it very much when he had it.. also there's "dinuguan" which is a stew made with pork's blood... I myself have never tried it and probably won't, but this is a Filipino staple and I was told many filipino children are scammed into eating this by adults who say it's "chocolate soup".. pretty funny (but a little cruel, haha).. Ok, a few other dishes worth nothing.. a delicious tamarind broth soup called "sinigang", which is made with pieces of pork, eggplant, string beans and is a little sweet and sour.. the soup base is a clear broth, and tastes great when you mix it up with some rice.  Filipino BBQ is also very good.  Try their skewered items.  Lastly, you must have some of their desserts.  Krystal's has an enormous variety of cakes, cookies and even drinks.  Some suggestions.. "halo-halo" which is a dessert drink (but you eat it with a spoon?!) containing a medley of different things in it... shaved iced, pieces of lychee or jackfruit... red bean, jelly, etc.  also, their flan is pretty amazing..!  Beware though, it's quite decadent.  The decor of Krystal's is pretty bare bones.. casual and not really anything special.  There are some knick-knacks on the walls and shelves pertaining to filipino culture that is interesting, but aside from that, and the one framed photo of some of the staff beaming next to an exuberant mayor mikey bloomberg (find this behind the counter), it's just a very simple, but pleasant space.  They've recently added a huge flat screen tv, which is a little bit on the obtrusive side, being that it's mounted high above the wall.. however, the filipino variety shows being displayed definitely adds some flair and entertainment value to the entire ambiance.  Yes, there's a second floor, but I think that's for buffets and I've never gone there for that purpose before.. so no useful comments concerning this.. je suis desole.  Hmmm, now I am feeling a rumble in the tummy and methinks I should pick up some Sinigang sometime this week!  Btw, I am really glad to see that more non-filipinos are discovering Krystal's.  To me, a plate of filipino food is like a good, home-cooked meal.  It may be hit-or-miss to some, but I really enjoy it once in a blue moon.
<review# 1389,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2009,11/29/2009,151,160,17,10,11>I walked in and saw the bar. Actually, all the beer behind the bar. And then I heard music. From deep within my childhood, I heard: "The Hills Are Aliive, With The Sound of Muuuuusiiiiiiiiic."Because although I can't carry a tune, I sing in my head. A lot. Especially when I am overjoyed. And maybe drunk. In a Austrian looking beer hall.
<review# 1390,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2009,11/28/2009,236,311,13,22,22>Aburiya has the privilege to be one of my few 5 with just one visit and honestly I don think I'm doing wrong since I was blown away from food to service to ambiance. The modest entrance doesn't reflects at all what you will find once you get inside. I think I was the only Caucasian there, maybe someone else hiding in the second dinning room that I couldn't check very well. They have semi-private rooms for small groups (4-6 ppl) and two common dinning rooms with tables for 2-4 people. The one in the back includes the bar kitchen where the guys are preparing the food that will bring you to heaven. Deco wise, just Japanese, classic, elegant and simple. The service was excellent, polite, friendly and very helpful. Our waiter keep asking us how was everything, made recommendations and I think he had some special attention because I was clearly the strange element in that scenario, so he wanted to teach and please us more. I'd resume Aburiya as traditional, authentic and the kind that I'd expect at Japan.. that hopefully I'll discover some day. They have an endless Sake and Shochu offer. Japanese beers, white and red wines, regular cocktails and champagne.. And not alcoholic drinks as well. We order Oolong Tea Cocktail, which is Shochu with oolong tea served cold and in glasses full of ice. It was very refreshing. My friend knows Japanese much better than me so he order everything also because the menu will take your words away. I was a little lost. They are specialized in Izakaya Japanese Tapas Style of food. Apparently Aburiya change the menu depending of the season and the availability of the ingredients, this dinner was 2 weeks ago, and so I'd suggest that you ask your waiter the specials or new items in the menu. Even I was lost.. there was two things flashing in the menu to my eyes: Homemade Tofu in Bamboo Basket and Kimchi grilled Octopus.. ok, ok, this is more Korean.. but come on, you already know me. How I could resist.. and no, my cheeks are not red now. The tofu was amazing, smooth, creamy, delicate in flavor; Aburiya tofu stole the first position in my rank to the one that I got at EN Japanese Brasserie. It comes with three different types of salt, including wasabi powder that I loved. The octopus was amazing as well. Perfectly grilled and spicy as I like. We also order crab croquettes. It was good, fried of course but not oily, a thin coat and creamy stuff .. I'm not a fan of croquettes but it was one of my grandma specialities so I know when its good. The Salmon was amazing. They serve the piece with Kama (collar), very fresh and the inside was semi-cooked and lightly sauced to keep the real flavor. But Monkfish liver and the Sashimi were the ones that makes me more happy. I never had Monkfish liver before, and its gonna be a regular in my orders. Lets see how is it in another places. The one at Aburiya was great.. I think it was served with Ponzu (en.wikipedia.org/wiki/An…). For Sashimi we got Toro and Uni.  The pieces were huge, super-fresh and full of flavor..Ahhh thats why I like Japanese food.Having Menchanko-Tei for ramen/noodle soup. Geisha for Sushi. Omen for innovation. Ise for consistent/real Japanese food.. I'm glad to add Aburiya to my list of Japanese destinations/recommendations in the city, without any doubt.
<review# 1391,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2010,5/6/2010,485,350,19,18,14>Dear Waitress Natalie,Why must you scold me so for using my iPhone at the table? Don't you realize I'm addicted to pizza and need to tell the world (via Yelp app, of course) that I was in mid-Lucali binge?And then, to make matters worse, you presented ME with, of all things, the bill. You clearly just like to kick me when I'm down, mid-post-pizza coma. That is just WRONG, and what's worse is, I think you kind of enjoyed it.Well, truth be told, Natalie was quite fetching, brought us glasses for our BYO and recommended the spicy sausage as a substitute for the pepperoni that was not available. She also gave us the DL on her upcoming trip to exotic locations (Poland and Ibiza, among others), and gave me all name and manner of grief, despite my overwhelming charm and good looks. Ah, yes, the waitresses are indeed engaging (despite a review or two to the contrary), but as to the nitty, let's talk about Roberto B.'s review for a second:My good man, you can't be serious. You could possibly have walked around NYC, seen the manifold insipid, lifeless, flaccid, uninspired and unappealing pizza offerings and somehow, after sinking your teeth into a slice of this pie, say with a straight face that it's just "good," "totally acceptable,"  but not great? Pshaw. Your credibility is now officially nil, despite your vehement declarations of intimate knowledge of the etymology and origin of all things pizza. Ha! Your review should indeed be dismissed, as you suggested it might be.Oh, and did you actually comment on the demeanor of the waitresses? You want Mark to SMILE when he's making the pies?! Would that make you FEEL better about the pizza? Tell me you're joking. Pretty please.I mean, perhaps you came on a bad night, I don't know;  in any event, you clearly are not from around these here parts from what I can tell. Growing up here, it was pretty much accepted that if you came out of a restaurant not feeling like the waitress had spit in your food, you really hadn't been to New York City at all. This kinder, gentler Noo Yawk stuff has got to go. Get the faaaaaaaahhhk over yourself. Wait...no ESPRESSO? You poor thing! How WILL you survive? Would you even deign to make the same comment about Di Fara? They have no espresso machine at all! Off, off, OFF WITH THEIR HEADS, I SAY!Let's stick to the facts about this pizza:It was absolutely fantastico. The crust was crispy and the flavor confluence from the cheeses was enough to keep me sitting and eating pizza until underverse come (translation: a long freakin' time, according to Riddick). The only slight complaint I would lodge is that the basil should be spread across the pie and even shredded and it isn't, in a manner more akin to methodology of the proprietor's mentor, Dom DiMarco. The basil is an important flavor component and should be experienced on every slice. In truth, that's just a small complaint about a pie that pays serious homage to a great pizza, and yet succeeds at being just a little different at the same time. Among the notable differences, the crust is crispier and holds up better under the weight of the ingredients than the Di Fara pizza (I don't mind a slightly less resilient crust, myself, but I'm just sayin'). We had spicy sausage and garlic on our pie, and it was savory, tangy, and spectacular. I am looking forward to a return visit for a different variety of pie, and a heaping helping of grief from Natalie.  I imagine I'll have to wait until she's back from her world travels for that, but I'm sure it'll be worth it.Hey Roberto, eh? Quit breakin' freakin' bawls ovah heeeyaah. Go back to Ohio or wherever da faaahk you came from. Geeesh.
<review# 1392,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2009,5/5/2010,51,105,51,19,20>I live two blocks away from the Norwood Club and have walked by it literally hundreds of times and I never new it existed - why? Well, it probably has something to do with me not being wealthy, artistic and hip...but just what the Norwood club needed was my Midwest looking self in their (even the pregnant lady was thin) place. I was thrilled to be invited to a cello recital and reception by a friend - that invitation alone was highfalutin enough but I had no idea that I was entering an "in the know" arts club. The décor is funky New York modern but really nothing that us commoners can't see by visiting the Gramercy Hotel or following the work of Philip Stark. The drinks were perfect. I honestly had one of the best gin martini's I have ever had, it was the definition of smooth. Plus the glass was so stylish I took it for a souvenir. I know - I know SO SO tacky and normally I would never do such a thing. My actions were right up there with taking pictures in museums as an obvious sign that "you don't belong", but my white trash Midwest background came out for a brief second of weakness. I new the minute I walked in and signed the guest book that I was not going to be back and I wanted a small memento of my visit to where the other half lives (now I get the whole shot glass thing in gift shops). Please forgive me Norwood club. I did tip the bartender extra to cover the glass - little did he know. Well, unfortunately my tackiness kept coming. Remember when I said the drinks were smooth...well...that means strong. So, there I was after the recital in one of the amazing lounges (I think they have a bar on every floor but it is a club for artists so I expect that is a requirement) having some lovely champagne that had been flowing all evening when I decided to see the other rooms. I excused myself from the party and headed to the stairs. For those of you who don't know about old New York townhouses the stairs are very narrow and steep. They were built for tiny women in corseted dresses and servants who only ate what was left over - a world where no one was in a hurry and each step could be maneuvered. Well....one step off the old, charming, thin staircases and there I was tumbling down with my dress flying. Really think of the MOST ungraceful move you can imagine and that was me with my stolen glass falling down the stairs of this very exclusive - oh so amazing - artist club. Yes, yes I tumbled, but remarkably the glass did not break. What I got was more souvenirs - in addition to my cool Norwood club glass I took hope a bruise on my right knee and a giant scrape on my left knee that has now scabbed over so I look like I did when I was eight and fell at the roller rink after my yellow pompoms got tangled in the wheels. I will give the Norwood club a perfect score because that really is what it is - perfect. And for those of us mere mortals who are imperfect and sometimes down right tacky I want you all to know when you get your chance to be among the beautiful people skip the gin martini and hold on to the railing (actually I'm changing my mind - have the martini but use the elevator).
<review# 1393,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2009,5/4/2010,422,310,15,14,14>Everything from first dates to taking out friends to having your girlfriend meet your parents for the first time (oh shizer!), Arturo's serves as the perfect backdrop for almost any culinary occasion.I know NYC is known for pizza and it's pretty hard to give any place the five stars as everyone has their own favorites - and thus many places would receive at least a four - but I think the fifth star can most definitely be earned. Through intangibles such as amiable hosting, splendid seating, and an uncanny skill of waiting on tables, live jazz (every Sunday night and possibly during the weekdays), a vibrant environment, which all help to produce a phenomenal atmosphere.  Arturo's does this impeccably.  Because it is so popular, your average wait time will directly correlate depending upon your party size.  There's plenty of two-seaters but not too many spots to seat a party of five or six.  Patience is always rewarded here.  I've gotten the large Arturo's Fiesta almost every time and have never been disappointed.  Sausage, peppers, onions.  Classic.  You should obviously come hungry to starving, but if you aren't or maybe even full from something else, once you see the gleaming pie of melted mozzarella and marinara goodness, no one can resist.  Not even you, yoga lady.At times, it can get pretty loud.  Actually it's loud all the time but you can still hear the person sitting across from you.  However, if they lose your attention and you don't really want to listen, just let the grand piano and the accompanying bass/saxophone/vocalist flood your attention span.  It's also perfect for preventing potentially awkward silent social situations.  Whether it be with co-workers that you don't really want to listen to anymore or friends who have all of sudden become obnoxiously annoying or just in case your girlfriend and/or parents have ceased their conversations with each other, let the music take you away.  That and the pizza.  Oh mah gaw!   That pizza!
<review# 1394,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2009,5/3/2010,31,61,9,11,10>As two white-looking-but-chunti-at heart kids from La Puente, CA my hubs and I were worried when we ventured into the world of Brooklyn Mexican food. Los Hermanos put our fears to rest - a nice cheesy, chorizo-filled rest. Their chorizo tacos and quesadillas are quickly becoming staples in our diets as are bottles of red Jarritos and Mexican bottled Coke. The $2 - $4 menu items are also contributing to our affection for the place - lunch here for the both of us never costs more than $10. The place only takes cash which is a bummer but they do have an ATM machine to help facilitate your taco dreams. We were a bit confounded with the place order, eat, then pay part of the transaction as the taco joints back home demand payment before letting you rip into their ambrosial offerings, but hey we are adapting.
<review# 1395,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2009,5/2/2010,345,332,13,14,12>While libations can be consumed in various ways (e.g. a dark, seedy dive bar; a club; a living room; in your bed while sobbing hopelessly into your pillow; on a stoop out of a brown paper bag,) I prefer to enjoy my spirits with a view and I did just that on a warm Fall evening. I sat outside with my drink (but no 2 step) and watched as lovers strolled by hand in hand, as kids on skateboards floated by. Mothers with their children, collecting fallen leaves, I remember those art projects, they were always my favorite. I liked to use the red leaves the most. The chill from the night air and the Hudson River brought me back inside. I sat at the bar and didn't have to wait long for another round. The bartender, mixologist really, had wonderful creations for your choosing on the bar menu. At the end of the evening, as we were wrapping things up he poured shooters of banana infused rum that he made himself. He is quite the talent. After a peaceful day at the Cloisters or a stressful day at work, New Leaf Cafe is the perfect place for kicking back and letting go.
<review# 1396,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2009,5/1/2010,315,518,61,15,21>My mother was so proud of the peanut butter sandwich she made me recently when I was feeling under the weather.  She explained how she used the organic peanut butter and honey whole wheat bread and as she was gleaming with pride, Kanye West ripped the sandwich from her bare hands and yelled "This sandwich is pretty good and I'm gonna let you eat it, but Beyonce makes one of the best peanut butter sandwiches of ALL TIME!" And by Beyonce, I mean Peanut Butter & Company.
<review# 1397,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2009,4/30/2010,243,374,11,13,10>Would you like to experience good real Northern Chinese and Taiwanese breakfast? then come here!! I wish the restaurant would move to my block, so I can be on first name terms with everybody there and they will learn to love me and Nan Bei He's goddaughter. Ok, not really...This place shouldn't go wrong for you. I know plenty of sane and local people with good taste buds that have been coming here for years. The place projects some cleanness compared to many other restaurants on Main St.For breakfast items (btw, they don't start that early in the morning, they open at 9am), they have sweet or salty soy milk. Salty soy milk is hot unsweetened soy milk with little chunks of goodness: dried shrimp, pickled mustard greens,fried shallots, etc.) with some rice vinegar in it which makes the dish semi liquidy because the acid curbs up the soy milk slightly into tofu form. Also sweet chives pan fried pao, salty pancakes with beef slices, white turnip pao.... typing this makes me hungry.Besides breakfast items, most of the items on the menu are also very good and authentic. The flavors are quite good, taste like something that comes out from your Chinese friend's mom's kitchen which means that the production is nothing grand and the service is your typical order, eat and get out of there but I have never had a bad experience at this restaurant.Also worth mentioning that the family plan meals are awesome. You can choose dishes according to how many ppl you have and they come with soup and obviously rice. Totally cheapass....And remember... Cash only! You are in Flushing... what ya think?
<review# 1398,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2010,4/29/2010,366,339,10,17,18>Bacon Mushroom Swiss Burger:Such a great balance of flavors in this one little burger!It's been a while since I've feasted on a burger. My friends coaxed, 'Karaoke preceded by dinner at the Stand.' I was hesitant with karaoke, but I was sold on the Stand.You see, I'm a terrible singer (off-key, miss the cues, don't know the lyrics, tempo or beats, etc...) however, Stand has built up a great reputation for it's burgers with notable mentions in Time Out, and New Yorker on unaccountable occasions. I knew all about them. I just hadn't had the opportunity to try them out as yet. Well, opportunity came knockin' on my door that day!- Meat was perfectly char-grilled medium-rare over an open flame (as witnessed through their open kitchen layout)- Bacon was crispy, smoky, and bacony (sp.?). It was Good!- Bun was a tad tough. It was reluctant to squish when I chomped down for my bite! You see; I don't like resistance when I'm feasting on a burger (hmpf!)- Swiss Cheese held it all togetherHere's a tip. Use the sauce they give you from the fried pickles on the Burger. Throw it on the burger. It's a sweet & tangy sauce that pairs up so well with the burger.The fries were too skinny, and too crispy. They were more crispy & fried than they were potato-flavored. Sad.The fried pickles were cute, at best. The dipping sauce made a better impression on me then the pickles. If I could, I'd take a bottle of the dipping sauce to go.I've read of the legendary Toasted Marshmallow Shake. I ordered one. And then, I ordered a second..
<review# 1399,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2010,4/28/2010,251,671,14,20,15>I licked the plates clean. Well I would have if I could get away with doing such a thing without being branded a barbarian. The food was that good. The Tuscan Bean Soup was hands down some of the most comforting, flavorful and yet surprisingly light soups I've had in a while. The bite of kale and the sweetness of the other vegetables tied in the flavor - once again, if I could have licked the bowl clean, I would have. I had the Duck Confit on braised red cabbage and turnips - there was nothing but bones and a smear of red from the sauce left on my plate. The meal came to a close with the Vanilla Panna Cotta with Raspberry Sauce - it was light, luscious and the complement of the tart raspberry sauce was heavenly. By the silent concentration of my dining companions, I think they had a similar experience to mine with their dishes. A lovely meal, lovely service, and lovely decor. Apiary = lovely. As good as it gets.
<review# 1400,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2009,4/27/2010,168,363,8,20,20>Quiet.Peaceful.Serene.Cloister: "A place, or state of seclusion; a covered passage on the side of a court usually having one side walled and the other an open arcade or colonnade" (Merriam Webster online).Yes indeed.If you ever want to feel like you're not in NYC, come up to Ft. Tyron Park and the Cloisters. My parents and I wandered up here the other day and they thoroughly enjoyed their first visit. Mom's impression: "...tranquil and removed from the hustle and bustle of the city....even the buildings themselves really made you feel you were back in medieval times."*  Meanwhile--this being my second time here--I still thought of Python's Holy Grail...and kept waiting for Patsy to gallop around the corner with his coconuts...but I digress.As for the museum, it is filled with religious artifacts from various regions in France, Spain and Germany, there's a lot to take in and absorb. One can get a little dizzy reading each piece's placards if you don't know your history (::coughs:: me, for example). So, my method of enjoying the museum was to appreciate the individual pieces for their craftsmanship--stained glass windows, wood and marble carvings, etc. The marble and stone carved columns in the cloisters themselves are a marvel of stone masonry. I pictured myself wandering around late 12th century France, in the Benedictine abbey of Saint-Guilhem-le-Désert (founded in 804 by Guilhem) contemplating life. Additionally, I think my favorite room in the museum is the one that houses the infamous Unicorn Tapestries. Part of the attraction is that so little is known about the history of the woven works of art. No one knows who made them or commissioned them.Outside, there are three gardens to enjoy, each of them unique: the Cuxa Cloister Garth Garden which has medieval species mixed in with modern plants, the Bonneforte Cloister Herb Garden which has over 400 species of herbs and plants. The herbs are labeled "To touch," and "Poisonous, do not touch." There were also four quince trees (which I've never seen!). The third cloister garden, the Trie, has a small fountain and plants that are native to European woodlands and meadows. Lots of butterflies around here too. The general adult admission is $20, but it's just a "suggested" donation. I said to my dad, "that's crazy! Who wouldn't pay the full amount to have the privilege of visiting here?!?" He wholeheartedly agreed.*After visiting the Cloisters the other day, I've decided I'd split my time between living in the Morgan Library Museum and the lovely Cloisters.
<review# 1401,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2009,11/4/2009,225,194,10,21,15>The Penthouse at The Hotel on Rivington used to just be three level suite which we tried to rent out for our New Years Eve party but the owner took it at the last moment. The space is enormous and has a beautiful rooftop with an incredible view and a eight person hot tub. I guess due to the recession, people aren't shelling out $5,000 dollars a night so they had to do something with the space. What a better idea than to get Matt Levine from The Eldridge to turn the space into a lounge. We went to a soft-opening last Friday and it was amazing. As soon as you step out the elevator on the twentieth floor, you are in awesome party that seems to get better each floor. The first floor was packed with a great looking crowd on the dance floor and a packed bar. The second floor was more like a lounge with comfortable couches and a small bar. The rooftop is the main draw with it's previously mentioned hot tub and view. There were a couple of girls who just took off there dresses and got into the tub which made the scene even hotter until some drunk jerk got completely naked and jumped in the tub as well. Security asked him to leave which was much appreciated and the party kept on until closing. One word to describe this place; Sexy. The party looked more like a scene from Entourage then anything else. The official opening date is May 23rd, You've been warned Yelpers.
<review# 1402,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2009,11/3/2009,639,836,10,12,12>Today my friend and I soberly stumbled in here (we can't walk-straight unless we've been drinking, that's just the way it is)... I'd tried introducing him to Despana quite a few times previously but it somehow just never managed to work out -- thankfully, today was the day...A sample for each of us of a few cheeses, a sample for each of us of a few sausages, and then we began ordering our lunch... Some morcilla ("black" sausage) in tomato sauce with bread on the side, some Cabrales (the best dark, stinky, strong Blue Cheese in the whole damn world, in my opinion) with bread on the side, a picante sandwich -- add in some honey, some beautiful olive oil, and some Jerez vinegar -- a big bottle of Vichy Vatalan (my favorite sparkling mineral water), and a can of Kas Naranja... yum yum yum, wow, wow wow, I love my life.Incredibly helpful staff, great prices (although, I suppose, slightly expensive -- but you get what you pay for), and the place really has a terrific buzz to it... Other than my new favorite Bahn Mi spot, this is my chosen spot in Manhattan for sandwiches... And, for cheese, wham-bam, it's the bee's knees.
<review# 1403,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2009,11/2/2009,174,225,26,21,23>There are endless possibilities when it comes to New York and some good times with friends. But let's get a little Dr.Seuss-ish here. One fish, two fish, turtles and tuna fish.Bottle o' wine, wine in a bottle -Grab a row boat, and take it full throttle.Row the boat, boat with paddlesskip out on work, we won't tattles. Take a picnic, picnic in a boat - pack the laughter,laughter will float. Take your friendsand break out the laughterand don't forget to hit up Belvedere Castle after.  Snag a hot date,make them do the rowing. feed them some grapes and keep the good times flowing.Trees are blossoming,and so is love -just don't get shat onfrom the birds above.So skip the damn green eggs and ham-because Sam I am notand I prefer my own little plot. Would you like to row-row on a sunny day? Would you like to row,row one little hour away? Bite me Seuss. Your ham ain't got nothing on me.
<review# 1404,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2009,11/1/2009,608,608,6,19,13>Imagine every type of fruit and vegetable you can name...And then double that.That's the amount of produce that you will find at this little gem of a market.Open 24 hours - excuse me, let me repeat that: 24 HOURS - and just off the Q/B train's Sheepshead Bay stop, Sheepshead Bay Fruit & Veg carries everything your little heart desires in heart-healthy non-artificially-flavored colors of the rainbow.Got a lychee craving at 3AM? Check!Asian pears? Check!White California nectarines? Check!Dragonfruit? Check!Red apricots? Check!Kumquats? Check!Seven varieties of onions? Check!So "Sheepshead Bay Fruit & Veg" may not be the most original name out there...but what this place lacks in verbal eloquence it more than makes up for in tactile creativity.
<review# 1405,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2009,10/31/2009,163,562,47,23,28>Once upon a time, a long long time ago (1999), in the magical place of Greenwich Village, there lived a wise man named Mario Batali.  Mario loved his village, and wanted to give the gift of good Italian food to everyone.But giving good food to the village wasn't easy.  You see, there was an evil monster called the Darden Restaurant Group (NYSE: DRI) that had invaded the lands to the north, and had a weapon called the Olive Garden "$9.95 Never Ending Pasta Bowl", which had warped the hearts and minds of the neighboring town.  Those people thought that Italian food meant wilted fettucine with gloopy alfredo sauce or 'herb grilled salmon'.But Mario had the wisdom and courage to set the villagers straight and serve a dish of house marinated sardines, 'fishy' flavored, but delightfully so.  "Ho ho!" he exclaimed, "try my octopus with sorrel and my platter of house cured charcuterie!"  The villagers did and they loved it (especially the headcheese from the charcuterie platter).And Mario smiled upon the villagers, and showered them with a savory and unctuous Bucatini Alla' Amatriciana and a suitably delicate, almost fluffy, skate with sweet corn.  The villagers danced in the street, drunk from the bottles of barolo and dolcetto, chosen for them by the excellently informed waitstaff.Though Mario's food was excellent, he tested the villager's nerve and patience, by making them wait (over an hour) to eat his food.  And due to the sheer enthusiasm of his guests, Mario's restaurant became quite crowded and very loud.  But the villagers understood that good food requires a little suffering, and all was right with the world.Thanks to Mario and his restaurant, the villagers were able to avoid the tyranny of the Darden Restaurant Group, and lived happily ever after.
<review# 1406,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2009,10/29/2009,253,439,12,15,14>With a name like the Slight Detour, you just knew this drink was gonna be good. I ordered it the other night at Mayahuel, my new favorite watering hole in NYC. The name promised an attitude adjustment, if only a slight bit, and thankfully the drink -- a trio of jalapeno tequila, reposado tequila and joven mezcal mixed artfully with agave nectar and xocolati mole bitters -- delivered the goods. The smoke of the mezcal combined with the sweetness of the agave and the spiciness of the tequila, and soothed my senses. Soon my hectic week seemed to have order, my stress became a thing of the past. Ahhhh, this was tonic for the soul, indeed. Mayahuel, a relatively new spot in the East Village, pays tribute to tequila and mezcal with drinks like the Slynx, Cabeza Pequeno and Stone Raft. The place also serves Mexican-inspired appetizers and main courses (but other than chips and salsa/guac, I was there to only to drink, admittedly). With its wood walls and funky decor, Mayahuel reminds me of a cantina where I got trashed a few years ago, La Casa De Mezcal in Oaxaca, a province in southern Mexico that's home to the world's best mezcal. There are 3 main seating areas at Mayahuel: in the alcove near the front door; at the small bar where there are also cool banquettes; and upstairs, where there are about 10 tables. I'd shoot for the bar, though you can't go wrong anywhere. Along with the Slight Detour, I recommend a drink called Tequila Gumption, which is mezcal y reposado with maraschino, orange y angostura bitters. It was sort of like a Mexican version of the caipirinha from Brasil. I also highly recommend sampling some of Mayahuel's mezcals straight up. In particular, check out any of the Del Magueys such as San Luis Del Rio, Chichicapa (see my photos for shots of 'mezcaleros' in the remote town of Chichicapa, Oaxaca) or Crema de Mezcal. These are some of the finest mezcals in the world and not often found in NYC. Lastly, don't leave without guzzling down at least one michelada. If you've never tried one, this is a combo of spicy sangrita and cerveza. It comes in a pint glass with a half-filled bottle of Negro Modelo. Granted, this drink resides in its natural habitat on the beach in a place like Zihuatenejo, but still on a hot August night, the Mayahuel michelada comes close to perfection. Mayahuel, me encanta.
<review# 1407,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2009,10/28/2009,294,141,35,18,22>If you seek Amy tonight...Amy's Bread charmed the pants off of my mom.  You know because I'm trying to get into my mom's pants?Mama Applebottom and I came here for late night indiscretions (carbs, not sex thank you!) and we were thoroughly delighted.  Our lineage has a particular penchant for anything fattening and carb-heavy so naturally Amy's Bread fit the bill.  Savory, sweet, spicy - put it all on the table for us!!!This is worn territory, but Amy's famous semolina, raisin and fennel bread is the jumpoff.  It has such a unique, fresh and delicious taste and is a great pairing for a sandwich or just for breakfast.  The currant pumpernickel rolls are also great and a nice twist on a classic bakery favorite.  Overall the selection of savory and sweet breads is robust and interesting.But what's really great are the sweeeeets girl.  It was really difficult brushing all of the crumbled orange butter cookie crumbs out of my chest hair after rubbing the damn thing all over my body.  ITS JUST THAT GOOD.  I wanna make love to this cookie in the worst way.  This is probably highly related to the fact that I substitute food for sex and feelings.  Regardless, the cookies, especially the orange butter cookie, are soft, rich and delicious.  My mom also raved about the cherry scone claiming that it was one of the best she has ever had.  Coming from a former fat person that is a HUGE compliment.  I am terrible.The blondie I had from here was good - not great but good.  Everything else was great enough to edge that out.  I am continuing to seek Amy whether or not Britney makes a song about.  Because carbs are better than sex.  Usually.
<review# 1408,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2009,10/27/2009,2396,639,29,31,32>Review #300A man sleeps on a bench...Three nine year old children creep up, like hunters, surveying their prey...one grabs a bottle...for these youngsters are a huntin...waiting for all pedestrians to pass by, one gives the other, who is holding the bottle, the signal...He throws the bottle...at the Ground...WAKE UP..WAKE UP...WAKE UP...WAKE UP..the three shout, in unison, in high pitched, loud, prepubescent voices...as they stomp their feet, clap and jump around...Then they run...run like the wind...I remember doing that over and over again as the Park was being rebuilt in the 80's...I also remember thinking that the Flatiron building across the street had a big old butt (its shaped like a triangle) and that the Insurance buildings nearby with a triangular gold roof was made of real gold.  I would watch it from the park and from my window at night as I went to sleep.  It was almost preordained that children would play in such a manner as to interrupt one's sleep in this park.  The park flanks General William Jenkins Worth Square, which contains a monument that sits atop the General's body.  He was a popular general and also got Worth Street, and Fort Worth, Texas named after him.  However, in a Political slap in the face after his death, some politicians who weren't fans of the General decided that he should be laid to rest in a busy and noisy traffic circle, lest he not get much rest.  And as children, we felt honored to continue in the tradition of chaos and to wake anyone who dared sleep in the park up!  Now a beautiful park and community space, the park is home to some amazing sites, including, the Shake Shack!  So the next time you are walking through the park, and you see someone nodding off, stop, jump up and down, stomping and yell: WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP!!!!  But don't slurp your shake too loud, the General is trying to rest.
<review# 1409,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2009,10/26/2009,174,105,21,19,21>With bathrooms too spotless to classify a dive bar, Anotheroom makes the cut if you're stuck in Tribeca and hunting for a mellow post work spot. Keep the group to 2-3 as this place is teeny tiny. Beer/wine choices are above standard, priced well, and scribbled cursive across an oversized chalkboard above the bar. You might want to bring a flashlight; "Russian Submarine" is a fair approximation of decor / vibe. As noted earlier, bathrooms are pretty cool (industrial Pittsburgh chic) and super clean but then again I couldn't see a thing. (it really is that dark) p.s. For amusing curbside entertainment, sit at the picnic tables for some awesome dog watching. Tribeca's canines and companions now get my vote for best dressed pairs in the city. As Bruno would say, "Fashion saves more lives than doctors." How true.
<review# 1410,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2009,10/24/2009,231,368,13,17,17>I was meeting my friends at the Flea at 1:30 so I tried not to eat much that morning to leave room for all the goodness I knew was coming. But my "I'll just have a few baby carrots" turned into "how the freak did I just eat a whole bag of carrots..." so I arrived less then hungry. But I waited 3 weeks to get my Pizza Moto and I was going to eat that pizza whether I wanted to or not.In most edible situations I believe cheese is the most important element, but not so with pizza... with pizza I'm all about the sauce. So, as I forced that first bite into my unwilling mouth, I was nearly overcome by the zip of the tangy and sweet tomato sauce that looked so sparse on the puffy crust yelp.com/biz_photos/yl5B… The punch of the sauce is matched by the chewy pillowing sourdoughy crust yelp.com/biz_photos/yl5B… and although my pizza did not get a dusting of parm since it was the last pizza of the day, it just means next weeks pizza will be even better! yelp.com/biz_photos/yl5B…
<review# 1411,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2007,3/21/2007,118,374,3,15,8>Fried ChickenThis place isn't your normal KFC, Kentucky Fried Chicken, it's more like Korean style Fried Chicken... yes I know, bad joke!So probably amongst the many who will be frequenting here from the outer boroughs and who don't live in the area, will be coming here to try to place out because they read about it in a New York Times article, there will be plenty more reviews after mine, I'm sure.  (run on sentence, very so)How is this place?  I think it is a very good alternative to the traditional fried chicken out there.  I don't feel like my arteries are going to clog up, but that feeling every once in a while is good!  It is not heavily breaded, even though their breading is a bit 'fluffy', but crispy.  There are several flavors to order from, original, spicy mustard, sweet and spicy, soy-garlic and hot.  I had ordered the hot and original, just to see how it tasted without the sauce.  The original, obvious tasted plain, but the breading gaving it a little flavor, so it wasn't so bad.  The hot is really good, at first you don't really taste it that hot, but afterwards, oh boy.. nice and spicy!  The chicken isn't fried too much and since all the parts are dark meat, it isn't dry.  ***I've tried all the flavors here already, except for the mustard flavor, because I don't really like mustard.  My favorites are the UFC Spicy and the UFC Soy Garlic.  The sweet and spicy is more sweet, with a little hint of spicy, but you can't really tell all too much.  At times they might run out of certain flavors, as they told me once when I tried to order a flavor that ran out, that most of the ingredients are imported, so if the shipment arrives late, they won't have a certain flavor.  So be prepared to choose an alternative.With your order, you can choose from different chicken parts.  For a small order you can have all wings (10), a mix of wings and drumsticks (6 wings, 3 drumsticks), just drumsticks (6) or a whole chicken.  I prefer a mix of the wings and drumsticks, it makes for a better deal.  A whole chicken is a little more than a large order for 16.99.  The price, in my opinion is a little high, but for what you get ('healthier' fried chicken, and unique taste), i think it's worth it.  For a small order it is $9 and a large order is $16.  With each order you get a salad, choice, which you can choose from the marinated radish, coleslaw, macaroni salad or a side salad.The also offer a chicken ranch or parm panini, along with fries (regular and sweet potato) and 3 other salads (premium, chef and crispy chicken) but i didn't order any of those.  ***My gf had ordered the crispy chicken salad recently.  The salad isn't anything all too special, but she did like the tenderness and taste of the small piece of breaded chicken that was with the salad. The restaurant, isn't that big.  There is a table that seats about 3 people and then a bar seating area that seats about 8.  When I got there yesterday, there were about 15 people around waiting for their food.  But when I went to pick up my food about 40mins later, there were just 3 people around.Right now since everyone is probably going to come here because they read the article about the 'new' korean style fried chicken, it's suggested you call ahead of time to make your order, or you'll have to wait about 40mins for your food.  If you don't live in the area, it might just not be worth the trip for the wait.  ***Since things have calmed down lately, it only takes about 10-20mins to get your food, so no need to really call ahead if you are in the area, but safer to do so.Upon completing this review, this is the first time I've tried korean style fried chicken and since this might be a new 'fad' out there, I have nothing to compare it to, even though there is Bon Chon in Manhattan.  This was the more convenient location for me, since I live in the area.  I personally give this place 5 stars, because I have nothing else to compare it to.  However, If you really want to try the best version of this chicken, my cousin suggests going to Boom Boom Chicken in Fort Lee, NJ.
<review# 1412,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2007,3/20/2007,33,360,4,10,6>It's very expensive, but this is a darned good lunch!! I'm not docking more than one star for the cost. I can understand the cost being a deterent to some, but I thought I should write a review as a counterpoint to the other reivews. The lobster bisque cup and sandwhich combo came out to $13, (with chocolate, bread, banana and drink) but the soup was incredibly delicious and the half-sandwhich was both larger than expected and quite good. The price makes it difficult to come here often, but I think enough of this place to consider it a treat. I guess it balances with the $4 Chicken and Rice from the truck....I'd hate working here on a cold day. Whenever the door opened the employees literally would jump back as they got blown in the face by the wind.
<review# 1413,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/8/2007,3/18/2007,248,561,8,6,9>Dear God. Never come here on a weekend. The crowd will drive you to drink, that's for sure. And you are guaranteed to get stuck behind somebody moving down a long aisle at 2 inches an hour.I love the meat room though. It's so huge that it makes me happy.  AND you have to (or should) put on one of the heavy jackets they provide to go in.  I've had a couple blustery friends try to prove their toughness by ignoring the jacket and then spend fifteen minute shivering in regret.
<review# 1414,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2007,3/16/2007,370,1043,2,6,8>I should be working right now...knee deep in my taxes..so why am I yelping a place I visited last weekend? Because I had a sudden nostalgic flash back of the killer Bloody Mary and the most sinful delicious bowl of Mac n Cheese I had Saturday afternoon. After cruising the Barney's Warehouse sale..I needed to reward myself for the hard work. My gf and I checked into the bar at the Cafeteria. The Bloody Mary was kicky...just the way I like it...and the Mac-N-Cheese with truffle oil was insane..it was worth the extra inch I have on my belly today.Next time I'm in NYC this place is on my list of repeats...
<review# 1415,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2007,3/15/2007,22,144,16,4,11>$1,000 cash.  At my old company, I walked into the office of the woman in charge of petty cash to ask for $1,000 to entertain our clients at Peter Luger.  Her eyes kind of widened and she looked at the petty cash slip I'd just given her and then back at me and said, "You call this petty cash?"As for a review, I can't add anything to what's already been said.  It's a good steak.
<review# 1416,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2007,3/14/2007,274,769,13,10,11>PASTRAMI-GASM '07After eating at Katz's, now I realize that Meg Ryan wasn't faking her orgasm in the scene shot here in When Harry Met Sally.  She was actually having one because of the food.Ok, yes the service is slow (you pick one of the many lines for the 'cutters'; kind of like picking a supermarket checkout line.  It took great restraint to hold back the operational guru in me; queuing theory people!!!  we want a single queue and multiple operators!   But... Katz's has been around since 1888; it's just how they do things.  Kind of like when your grandfather makes off-color non-PC remarks...it's really too late to change him and you love him anyway.Ok, back to the food.  There are two things that you're allowed to get here: the pastrami and the reuben.  That's it.  Don't come here and order a salad or some crap like that.  This place is about meat, glorious meat.  Sandwiches are pricey at $14, but they're big enough for two people to share and the quality of the meat is well worth it.  Thank God I don't live near Katz's; I'd easily gain 10 pounds.
<review# 1417,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2007,3/13/2007,37,66,19,12,15>Practically the best dumplings for a dollar you can find.  I had the good fortune to have had my request for "five dumplings, please," misheard as "two."  As in, two orders of five dumplings equaling ten dumplings.  Not one to quibble with fate, I decided that some higher power deemed it necessary for me to eat more dumplings and forked over the extra dollar.  I'll play coy and leave the question of whether I ate them all unanswered, but if Mr. Dumpling Man is going to gently nudge me in the eat more dumplings direction I'm not going to argue.  To further cement my love he prepared my coffee thusly: dump tablespoon of instant coffee in paper cup, add a generous heaping of sugar, fill with boiling water and top off with milk.  Practically sputtering with joy, I exited to scarf down my dumplings in the bright light of day.
<review# 1418,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2007,3/12/2007,19,34,9,5,6>go and a get yourself some blintzes here, people!!!  and on your way out, avert your eyes from the bakery case -- if you look directly at one of those monolithic rice-crispy treats you will be compelled to bring one home.  and it's crazy, right? because i mean this is a pierogie-borscht-blintz place.  what a world.
<review# 1419,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2007,3/11/2007,171,97,22,18,9>I have been going to Lee at the Acqua Beauty Bar for a few years, faithfully, for the brazilian bikini wax. The Acqua Beauty Bar is a nice little day spa: lots of good treatments, upscale yet not so fancy that you feel like you're paying their rent in the cost of your visit. Anyway, onto the waxing. When one goes for a brazilian every 4 to 6 weeks it's all, hey no problem, the hair grows in thinner and it's not really painful and it's over like that. Well recent circumstances are such that I have not paid Lee a visit in about four months. I was essentially a brazilian bikini waxing virgin all over again. Here goes. Wax on...press...wax off. HOLYSWEETJESUSMOTHERFUCK!!!!!!! It hurts! It really hurts! I was seeing little pink and orange spots floating about my head. I suddenly don't understand why people engage in this barbaric ritual. Lucky for me, Lee is a pro. She's careful yet fast as lightning, and if there's ever a profession where this is a serious asset, it is this one. And like that, it was over. For those who have never experienced this type of pain, when you get a brazilian bikini wax it releases the same endorphins in your brain as when you say, jump out of an airplane, kind of like fear and exhilaration combined. So when the wax is over, you leave with a big old head rush and therefore it is the kind of pain you forget. Lesson of the Day: Ladies, don't miss your waxing appointments. And if you're a first timer, I promise it gets better.
<review# 1420,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2007,3/10/2007,308,363,16,12,11>It's really hard for me to walk by Beard Papa's without ordering a cream puff.  Further proof that the Japanese can take just about any product originated in any country and make it better.  Cold Stone Creamery (around the corner) is no competition when it comes to satisfying my sweet tooth (plus, you could eat 4 cream puffs and still not spend as much...oh hell, just buy half a dozen!).  Do you think they would inject the cream directly into my mouth if I asked them nicely?  I'll even say it in Japanese (quick, how do you say "cream puff" in Japanese??) - kurimu pafu kudasai kudasai kudasai!!
<review# 1421,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2014,9/21/2014,98,60,29,14,10>I grew up in the 70s as the child of an executive at Howard Johnson's. The only flavor in my freezer was Howard Johnson's Mint Chocolate Chip ice cream.However, I did not like Howard Johnson's Mint Chocolate Chip ice cream. I have to wonder how much different life would be if I'd had access to "Fernet Black Walnut" ice cream. Granted, I don't know what a fernet is and I'll be damned if I'm going to bother Googling it, but I would have preferred that to Mint Chocolate Chip any day of the week. I'm sorry Mr. Johnson.My children - unaware how spoilt for choice they are - nonchalantly chose Passionfruit Apricot Sorbet and Green Tea Pistachio from the menu of flavors I had been wrongfully denied during my childhood. This reminds me, I need to regale them with stories of how I grew up with no iPad and only Mint Chocolate Chip. They love those stories.After agonizing over choices like Salted Pretzel and Salt & Pepper Pinenut I opted for Salted Chocolate. There seems to be a salt theme, which I'm fine with as my body is mainly sodium and wine. I also recall Vietnamese Coffee. Speaking of, I still haven't forgiven Jane Fonda.
<review# 1422,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2014,9/20/2014,3042,749,7,15,9>Health-nut-Playground Delicious Organic Soup Bar + Quick Organic Foods + Juice To GoDon't be scared of the aisles as high as the eye can see, you can find just about any skin, body, organic food/tincture that you're looking for. Westerly's has some fresh produce and a Juice bar too, they also carry my favorite raw product -- Bliss Bars! :) LOVE Bliss theblissbar.org YAY Westerly's :) Let's just say there is a reason why Westerly's is always restocks the shelves.Why do I come back? Here are some top reasons. 1. The SOUP Bar - If you're in the mood for some organic soup that's cooked on-site daily, this is a great spot to pick some up. My personal favorite is their beef stew. Great vegetarian and vegan options. When you feel daring, try mixing a few together.2. Non-Dairy Ice-cream-ish Desserts - This market has some really delicious dairy free frozen desserts, including cashew milk ice cream, almost milk ice cream, and sorbets galore. 3. Samples - If you're curious they've got samples. Every day it seems like there is something new. Try something different and pick up whatever they are selling. The nice thing about this market is that they give the little guys a shot. I've met a lot of potential up and coming companies who come in here to get feedback and let customers try their items. 4. LOCAL, when they can, they seem to have locally grown veggies. If the Greenmarket is closed, this is a great spot to pop into.5. Juice Bar + Premade items - this is a GREAT quick solution to being hungry, and staying healthy. It's hard to cram in a good healthy meal when you're in a hurry. The Scene: Uber-healthyDestination Rating: 7Date Rating: 8 (especially if you're a good cook)Hob Nob Potential: 4 Strong Suggestion: Stop in, pick up a Bliss Bar and some Soup. The last two young women I sent came back glowing. They were so happy to find an affordable, delicious quick to go option in the neighborhood.
<review# 1423,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2014,9/19/2014,181,364,4,11,11>We all know New York has got some fabulous rooftop spots, and while they all share the same beautiful views, they are definitely not all created equal. So far this spot is one of my favorites.  I got a tip from a friend and suggested it for an after work happy hour type thing.  The one negative that I have to say is getting up there can be a reallll drag. Our group was arriving at different times so that complicated things a bit. The line and wait is generally very long since they do their best not to overcrowd the space, which I can appreciate, but I felt like they took it to an extreme. I was lucky I was even able to get up to join my group....Once you're up there though, all troubles from downstairs are left behind. You step off the elevator and can't help but get the feeling you're not in New York anymore. Instead you're transported to some long forgotten oasis. The vibe up there isn't uppity or super fancy. It's just warm and low key, inviting you to linger for as long as you'd like. And once you're done taking it all in, you mosey on up to the bar, order yourself a nice refreshing beverage and realize you actually are in fact in New York when you see the tab...but you realize it's ok, because you're on this roof. And it's awesome.
<review# 1424,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2014,9/18/2014,407,323,7,15,7>I was told that DBK had the best Restaurant Week menu in NYC, hands down. I think I would have to agree.I usually avoid Restaurant Week, because the majority of restaurants tend to dumb down their menus for the sake of saving money. And with the crazy rents in NYC these days, who can blame them? However, David Burke Kitchen does a good job showing off their menu, and I can feel confident that I've tasted something that they would have on a normal night.My friends and I decided that we would try to get various dishes so we could try everything. We started with the pretzel-crusted crab cake, lobster dumplings, tuna/salmon tartare, and the baby octopus. My favorite was the baby octopus, since it was so tender and the puree on the side was bomb. The pretzel-crusted crab cake was very good too, although I felt it was a little too hyped up. The tuna and salmon tartare was the perfect texture and the accompanying sauces were great.Entrees were very good, with my favorite being the short rib with cavatelli pasta. The beef was just the right amount of saltiness and tenderness. Branzino was tender and had a very light, not-too-fishy flavor that I really appreciated.Dessert really was the most decadent part of the meal. We got the toffee monkey bread, which was outrageously good. The homemade whipped cream on top really made a difference, as the cream had a really good density to it. The chocolate hazelnut crunch bar was probably my favorite though, since I'm a chocolate junkie. The crispiness/crunchiness of the chocolate bar was perfect and definitely rich. The strawberries and cream tart was actually very tart, which was fine, but I probably couldn't have eaten a whole serving of it.Service was so-so. The rotating waiters were very quick about water, but our main waitress pretty much forgot our entire drink order until we reminded her 20 minutes later. She seemed really out of it, and while I understand it was busy, she seemed to avoid our table after we told her she forgot our drink order. Yikes. However, it wasn't enough to ruin the experience and we had a great time.Overall, I would definitely come back for the normal a la carte dining menu. The portions were definitely good for the price, and I've been told I need to try the cake pop tree, and the dry-aged ribeye. I'll also be back for the upstairs garden seating at the Treehouse bar.
<review# 1425,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2014,9/17/2014,734,760,10,8,9>I know I really shouldn't go out for happy hour drinks as much, but it is too hard to kick the habit, and too hard to pass up after stressful days. I guess I'm really falling into the post-college, adult lifestyle.I met up with a few friends here for happy hour since it's near one of their work places and she loves it...plus, I've never been, and I often hear Blockheads being the Mexican Dallas BBQ for HH. Great atmosphere for a Midtown hub; it's like walking into a restaurant in the south or in Mexico. I got a Passion Fruit Frozen Margarita since the Blockheads specials were too much for me to handle. It was really good, and pretty strong. Then again, I'm a lightweight and three-quarters of it already had me sweating.We also ordered some food and they were exceptional. The Cheese Quesadillas were totally off the hook and heavenly; the melted cheese was everything. Dip this in sour cream all over, and you'll forget the world. We also had the Nachos Grande which had a bit of everything: guacamole, black beans, melted cheese, and the soft tomatoes were just amazing. Eat this fast because it gets soggy really fast. I wouldn't recommend coming here if you're looking for a dinner meal, but definitely great to snack on something and have a few glasses. I'm not going to complain about the complimentary salsa and chips because...c'mon, are we really complaining about FREE salsa and chips?!
<review# 1426,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2014,9/16/2014,67,318,11,11,10>Like many brilliant wordsmiths have done before, owner of Krush opted for the naming device of reinventing c-words by replacing the c with a k.*The decor is very of the moment barn chic. Wood is everywhere. So not the usual faux glam of so many other ktown bars, even "sports bars" like players. However like other ktown bars, it's on the 4th floor of a non-descript building. In trendier neighborhoods, this could be called a speakeasy. In ktown, it's called a game of how many drunk Asians can you fit in an elevator on a Saturday night (really fun game). Anyway, on to the critical issues: wings. The draw with many ktown bars is the food. Here, it's a mix of standard American mixed with Korean food. So, burgers are made with Bulgogi, pork cutlet is drizzled with tonkatsu sauce. Lastly, the wings were delicious and come in a variety of flavors like the standard buffalo as well as sweet chili and peanut sauce etc. Prices are standard but right now they're running a bogo deal on beer and appetizers (guess which one is more appealing to me? Lemme know if you want to go in on orders of wings so we can cover the flavors). *i have no idea that this is true, it may very well be that he used the k as an homage to its milieu of ktown.
<review# 1427,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2014,9/15/2014,979,1051,7,14,10>Located in an obscure area where Chinatown meets Lower East Side, this restaurant is one of those 'hip' eateries that you can only find downtown. Crowd seemed like a mix of hipsters, Whites, Asians, Europeans, and artsy types...overall a lot of very good-looking people come here. Hipster/Vintage/Cozy Decor? CheckUNPRETENTIOUS and Friendly Staff? CheckKnowledgeable and Patient Staff-CheckCool Hipster Bar Area with creative drinks-CheckDelicious Hearty and Eclectic Comfort Food-CheckBeautiful Food Presentation-CheckAffordable Prices-CheckCelery Root Pot Pie- A pot pie filled with celery root innards flavored with Black Garlic and topped with Gruyere Cheese. TOTALLY YUM! JUST GET IT. However, if you happen to be a guy with an appetite, you might want to order an appetizer to go with it as the portions are 'those of Goldilocks: not too big and not too small' like some Yelper mentioned. Roasted Kennebec Potatoes & Poached Egg Salad, Smoked Bacon, and Local Greens-This was presented in a beautiful bed of mixed greens topped with a Poached Egg with potatoe wedges and smoked bacon. My date devoured the entire salad and she normally cannot finish everything on her plateEverything from the decor to food was so good and I was gonna give this place 4 stars but seriously, the service was top-notch despite the fact that there were only like 2 servers working the entire floor, our server managed to constantly check up on us and we were never rushed throughout our entire meal. Totally winning**Make sure you bring some cash with you since this place is CASH-ONLY. **Restrooms located downstairs near the bar**
<review# 1428,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2014,9/14/2014,1474,115,5,17,14>Bobby Flay's newest restaurant, Gato, opened a few months ago on Lafayette Street in NoHo. I'm sure you've probably been to one of Chef Flay's restaurants before such as Mesa Grill (closed) or Bar Americain. Honestly, I wasn't much of a fan of his restaurants, but I changed my mind after visiting Gato! I even went twice within one month which is unusual for me. Chef Flay has created a very impressive, new style of Mediterranean cuisine. On your first visit you must try the tapas listed at the top of their menu. You can choose three tapas for $17. I tried 6 dishes between the two times I visited.
<review# 1429,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2014,9/13/2014,134,117,41,30,28>ATTENTION PEOPLE, Trader Joe's serves as a great stress/evaluation test of any and all romantic relationships. if you and your significant other can survive multiple co-shopping experiences together at Trader Joe's then she (or he) MIGHT BE a keeper. Trader Joe's tests a couple's ability to make  1) a shopping list (organize), 2) multitask in the store (search, run, dodge, grab, quick math, substitutions when things run out, etc.), 3) make sacrifices (one of you will likely need to be on a ridiculously long line with an empty cart while the other grabs things and brings them back to the one surviving the line), 4) have the patience to survive a hot crowded consumer hell experience that has terrible data/cell service within it, 5) make it to the cashier without killing one another or a fellow shopper, 6) figure out who pays for what (if your bf or gf at least offers--that's a positive), 7) choose paper/plastic/or bring one's own bags (bonus points for a sig who remembers the environmentally conscious option), and 8) "draw the shortest straw" aka who carries what home, to the subway, or bus (this is where chivalry should kick in, ladies). if you can do this week in and week out with the person you're dating and not suffer from PTSD, collateral damage, mental breakdowns, and door-slamming fights...you're on the road to bliss with your partner in crime. Annnd BONUS ROUND) here's the clincher, if your partner says let's go out and eat after a trying experience at Trader Joe's...you've hit the JACKPOT bc he or she recognizes that yall need a reward/detour from another tense homemade dinner in your cramped apt. while watching Netflix. if your dynamic duo-dom CANNOT survive the TJ stress test , set your iphone countdown timer because it's over--just a matter of time! on the other side of things, if you're trying to break up with someone. constant trips to Trader Joe's with said person will speed up the process. it will hasten the "it's not you it's me" convo. for reals. i'm 5/5 with it. ha. i kiiiid or am i? SERIOUSLY THOUGH, a great place to buy organic staples, grassfed proteins, more healthful packaged goods, and less-chemically house goods (cleaners). the prices here are a great bang for your buck obvi. quality of both packaged and fresh foods is great. and the non-hassle Trade Joe's policy makes it way easy to return stuff you don't like or take a non-buyer-beware chance on different foods, goods, etc. lack of choices for different foods is great because it simplifies making purchases--no more sifting through 8 million brands to make a choice. typically there's the house brand (Trader Joes and mebbe one or two others).  it proves that Ted Talk about choices and olive oil (look it up), not sure why more retail experience don't follow suit. they'd sell more. aisles at TJs are relatively narrow and can be crowded most times of the day. so park your empty cart and just bring things back to it. no one will mess with it because they are too busy doing their own shopping. OR grab a basket and get a small workout in. Trader Joe's overall is pretty low-fi in appearance and very clean. me likes.i like the lighting in Trader Joe's in general. in most other supermarkets the lighting makes all the food too chrome-y and creepy looking. at TJs, food likes like food, not package design. refreshing.there's always samples of hot or cold food that they are (nicely) shilling at Trader Joe's. it's in the left corner of the store. they have yet to convert me to a purchase, but i have given some of the stuff a long thought about purchase. the staff. awesome. cheerful. energetic. you ask a question and they know the answer or find someone quickly who does. ask for where something is located. they walk you to the item as opposed to giving vague directions like you would to an annoying tourist in nyc. when you're in line, there's always someone stalking the line asking customers whether they need something and that staffer will go off and get it while you park and roll on the endless line. okay the crowds and line. if you go to Trader Joe's on the weekends or primetime (after work) you will get penalized with  long lines, crowds, and insipid fellow shopper tantrums. them the breaks. no way to avoid it except to take a deep breath and know that the lines and wait will not be as bad as it appears. so yeah it's my "steady" supermarket grocery for the past two years--we exclusive, sorta. still cheat on TJs with Wholefoods because while you can get most staples at TJ's...there are still some things it doesn't service (random items). any(s)way, that will be our secret. ;)p.s.--Trader Joe's delivers if you don't want to carry heavy bags. charges are reasonable
<review# 1430,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2014,9/12/2014,203,111,7,26,7>You can get your membership paid for a year for the price of one month's membership at Equinox. Let that sink in.Honestly, regardless of whether you are a huge lifting fanatic or do the whole...occasional gym visit thing, I can see how this place could easily fit your needs. Yes their dumbbells only go so far up in weight and there aren't benches for you to crank out some barbell chest press, but for the clientele this gym is targeting - it's plenty. Everything I did at the expensive ass Equinox I can do here. Hold the eucalyptus towels.There are plenty of people at the front desk to show you around and they are very friendly. All in all, it's a great place for the average Joe Gym Goer and for $10 a month you can't beat it. Great business hours!!! 24 hours during weekdays!My joining fee was $10.49. TEN DOLLARS!!! Compare that to "huge savings, normally 525, but today only $349" at some other gyms. Great value for your money!
<review# 1431,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2013,4/23/2013,205,245,15,12,12>Accommodating a party of six at the last minute on a Saturday night? Delmonico's it is!It was kinda confusing to find the place...definitely didn't look like a restaurant from the outside. The room where we were seated at felt warm and inviting...as if I were dining at a home. A bunch of them ordered steaks...and of course I ordered the scallops which I devoured in 5 seconds. We shared some appetizers, including the fries that came with a spicy mayo sauce...which was absolutely fabulous. The bride-to-be shared a rib eye steak (I think?!) with her friend and when our waiter brought it out...he said: "Is this big enough for you?" That line stuck with me the entire night. I almost creamed myself when he said that. Took our jolly ass time to recuperate and moseyed on out.
<review# 1432,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2012,4/22/2013,532,204,4,7,8>I had a great late lunch on a lazy Sunday at El Centro recently, complete with margaritas and a big group table in the front corner of the restaurant.  A group of five of us walked in around  3:45 / 4 pm which is usually an odd off time for most restaurants.  Not at El Centro!  The kitchen was still going and the restaurant was a comfortable level of busy.  They accommodated our big group immediately and the nice staff brought us waters along with our menu.  We asked them about pitchers of Margaritas but alas, they do not offer pitchers.  A la carte Margaritas & Coronas were ordered all around.  I decided to make mine a Guava Margarita $10.00, one dollar more than their standard on the rocks.  It was delicious, and far larger than I was expecting!!! They serve their margaritas in a tall pint glass with just the right amount of tequila and guava juice.  It went very well with the seemingly endless bowl of chips and salsa that they kept bringing.  The salsa was a nice smoky chipotle sauce that was a unique touch compared to your stand bland mild sauces.  The decor of El Centro is certainly kitchy with their zillions of painted tin chatchki's nailed to the wall and the many actual corona chandeliers that hang from the ceilings.  For my entree I order the tamarind braised short ribs for $9.00.  It was exactly what I was craving, slow cooked beef brisket with a very tasty sauce, cilantro and white cheese.  It was a little messy so I had to use the fork and knife, but I wouldn't have it any other way, all of the juices were delicious.  Looking forward to the next time I am hungry for Mexican and am in hells kitchen.  They also had a good amount of outdoor seating so will try to return here again in the summer months!
<review# 1433,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2013,4/21/2013,218,330,9,12,11>100th review!  I don't believe in love at first sight, but I really do kind of, sort of love this place from the start.  Growing up in Seattle, I've had more than my fair share of incredible Asian food.   Jordan S's review of this place caught my attention.  Made a reservation via OpenTable and they only had an early dinner slot (6ish).  I'm glad I made that reservation, the place was packed!  .... And it seems that everyone also had a reservation.  When I heard about Pig & Khao, I was picturing a haute bourgeouise Asian Fusion place with ridiculous prices.  I was surprised to see how reasonable prices are.  $1 beer 5-7pm and $15 all-you-can-drink self-serve draft?!  Are we still in Manhattan?!  I wanted to order just about everything on the menu because almost everything had some sort of pork in it (and I can never say no to pork).  Exercising some self-control to save room for the halo-halo, my fiance and I decided to order the pork jowl salad, pork rinds, sizzling sisig (pork head), and coconut rice.  I went back and forth on wanting to also order the crispy pata (comparing pictures on foursquare and Yelp for a few minutes), but glad that I didn't.  The portion is pretty filling.  The pork jowl "salad" was very refreshing.  Pretty sure there was ZERO veggies in there other than the cilantro.  This is definitely how all salad should look like: with pork rinds on top.  It was tasty and they put just enough fish sauce to add an interesting taste to the mix without the overpowering fishy smell.  The pork rinds were perfectly seasoned and peppery.  Don't be afraid to order the sizzling sisig.  Yes, it's pork head, but it's diced into little cubes that you can hardly tell what it is anymore.  This dish is amazing... the fatty part just melts in your mouth and the leaner meat (if there is such thing in pork) is cooked to perfection.   As for the coconut rice, I prefer the Indonesian/Malay version that is less sweet, but the coconut rice here is pretty bomb too. Finally... drum roll please: the halo-halo!  I have a weird affinity for halo-halo.  If we ever meet in person, I'll tell you the story.  It's shaved ice with condensed milk, coconut shavings and an unnaturally purple ice cream on top (that's ube flavored). Perfect way to end your meal.  Service is great, friendly and unpretentious.  Space is clean (and the bathroom too!).  Food came out quickly.  Needless to say, I'll be back.
<review# 1434,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2013,4/20/2013,530,903,6,7,6>I came here on Saturday night with seven of my amigas (ok and one amigo) to celebrate my birthday.  I have been wanting to come to Cienfuegos for a while, so I was really excited when my friends were down for some Cuban food as well!  First off, the decor is really ridiculously adorable and unique.  The lighting is VERY dark.  Almost to the point of obnoxious to be honest.  They could raise the lights a teensy bit so perhaps people could see what they are eating and drinking?  My friends and I sat in the back in a lounge-like seating area, which was cute, but I was expecting real tables.  This made eating and drinking a little difficult in my opinion. Food.  The food is quite tasty, but the portions are really small for the cost.  This probably wouldn't be an issue if you were here as a party of two or at maximum four, but when you  have eight hungry peeps, ordering tapas and having three baby sized empanadas come out, your group will be ravenous after dinner.  Luckily we were more interested in imbibing than eating.  We ordered two punch bowls - The Honey Badger and Intro to Awesome.  Honey Badger was spicy and had a great kick to it and the Intro to Awesome as a little lighter and had hints of cucumber.  After we demolished both $75 punch  bowls, we decided to move on to the Skull Drink.  I actually do not know if it was called this, but it came in a large skull mug.  This probably should have served as a warning to us, much like a Jolly Roger (skull and crossbones flag) on a pirate ship.  If not this, the ingredients alone should heed caution, which included absinthe and 151 among other lethal types of alcohol.  Now I know why there is a limit of one per customer.... woweeee.. I was sailing after that drink.  So good, but my head hurt so bad in the morning.So, three stars because I wasn't that impressed by the food, but the ambiance and drinks were a solid five.  Let's just compromise and give them a four and call it a day.  I would come back but with a smaller group and if large, just to drink the skull drink again because dinner was expensive (although I didn't pay.. thank you friends!) and I think we all left hungry.
<review# 1435,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2013,4/19/2013,322,114,16,13,7>Are you a Gossip Girl? Then this is right place for you and your gals to discuss about that cute boy crush, toxic relationship, and flaky friend over a cup of tea. I came here with my food buddy to experience Afternoon Tea for the first time. Apparently tea is another meal, it is like we don't eat enough already! I think Breakfast, Lunch, Tea, and Dinner - 4 meals a day are a little TOO much. The restaurant has spectacular views of central park and the Plaza hotel. The people in the restaurant have an Upper East Sider Vibe...if you don't know what that is...watch Gossip Girl to find out. As for the food I got the tea set which cost $35 per person that included tea, sandwiches, macaroons, dessert, and scones. The décor was nice...especially the chairs, it looked a chair a princess would sit in (throne chair). My food buddy fell in love with it as she snuggled into the chair. Afternoon tea was a great relaxing experience. Nothing wrong with sipping on a cup of tea. I would definitely come here again!
<review# 1436,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2013,4/18/2013,78,204,21,16,11>Yes, I bought into the hype and I liked it.So what?This is what you do:  Line up when they open for dinner (we went on a Friday).  Wait for 20-30 minutes to give them your number.  Go to to Spitzers, or what have you, and enjoy a beer or two while you wait for your table (because you didn't want to eat at 5:30 anyway).  Head back to Mission Chinese when they call you an hour later.  Take a trip to Flavor Town.That's right, Guy Fieri, I hijacked your cute little slogan because it is not applicable to whatever you are doing in Times Square.Our group of four knocked back 6 or 7 plates, including the Chongqing Chicken Wings ("explosive" is right chili, crispy beef tripe - $10; good, but those mofos are spicy as all hell, for real); the Char Siu Pig Ear Terrine (dill pickles, mung bean sprouts, torn herbs, - $9, you know you want it); the Beijing Beef Pancake (confit beef shoulder, salted chili, hoisin, griddled flat bread, $10, basically a pocket of heaven); and the Salt Cod Fried Rice (slow cooked mackerel, chinese sausage, lettuce, egg, $11.50; get on it), amongst a few other things that have coalesced in my brain into a cloud of spicy pleasure (okay, maybe that was fueled by the magnum of sake we enjoyed with our dinner, but anyway).On your way out, dip into the bathroom for an eerie 90s television throwback.  There are red lights.  There may or may not be dwarfs.So, if you feel so inclined, take a chance.  Whatever your experience, a meal at Mission Chinese is one you won't soon forget.
<review# 1437,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2013,4/16/2013,451,256,6,23,6>+900 reviews? Dang. Okay, well I'll keep the important part short then:Tips:- Enter through Village Yokocho. Go up the stairs, make a sharp left and push through the unmarked wooden door to the left of the bar. Welcome to Angel's Share.- Don't go with more than 4 people. No lie, they will NOT seat you.- Avoid the peak hours e.g. after 7:30PM, especially on Fridays and Saturdays. Waiting is no fun.They actually have two rooms. I've been here at least 5 times in the past year or so, but I've never been to the back room. The main room has about 6-8 seats along the bar, 2-3 booths, and 6-8 seats at the tables. I think I've tried most of their drinks and I can never remember their names lol, but they are each pieces of art -- definitely read each drink's descriptions for their stories/inspirations.Shingo Gokan is a true genius. After hearing how his Speak Low cocktail won the 2012 BACARDI Global Legacy Cocktail Competition and the selflessness of his competitors who helped him finish in time (look up the story!), I was super excited to finally try it for myself a few weeks ago. With Bacardi Superior, Bacardi Solera, Osborne Pedro Ximinez Sherry, Matcha and zest of yuzu, the drink was extremely subtle and masterfully crafted. I don't even like rum! The waiter was thoughtful to warn me that the drink is extremely strong, but the point is, yes, they do have some strong drinks here - just depends on what you order.Love this place!
<review# 1438,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2013,4/15/2013,605,206,20,26,27>When I first moved into the East Village over ten years ago, I saw three Europeans building a bar on a desolate street in Alphabet City and thought to myself, "this place is gonna to close in a year."  There was no foot traffic and Alphabet City was sketchy at best.  Ten years later, the Keybar has proven me wrong, thank God!  In the past ten years, Attila, Gyuszi and their fantastic staff have built a vibrant, neighborhood friendly venue that has created a sense of community.  The last I've heard, there have been almost thirty couples who have met at the Keybar and have since been married (how many are still married is anyone's guess).  I've also spent many an orphan holiday with the regulars at the bar.  With a generous happy hour, live DJs and a good-looking and friendly staff, the Keybar is THE East Village destination.  Some have deemed the small bar a "dive", but it's got more of a lounge feel.  Many of the regulars have commented that the bar serves as the neighborhood living room, with a working fireplace, friendly staff and always a few regulars on hand.  There is an awesome 2-for-1 Happy Hour Special that runs from 4pm - 10pm from Tuesday through Saturday and ALL DAY on Sundays and Mondays.  The way the special works, buy your first round and they'll give you a ticket which you can redeem for a drink of the same or lesser value (any time any day).  If you'd like to get a pricier drink, you can pay the difference on the card.  I challenge you to find a more generous Happy Hour.  In addition to the Happy Hour special, they have a birthday shot special, where you buy a round of shot for your party and they'll buy you another round!  This special is good a week before/after your birthday and good anytime.  As with all BOGO specials, I recommend tipping on the service not on when you pay, you're a grown-up act like one.  I find Sunday through Tuesday are pretty low-key (no pun intended) and serve as great date nights.  Wednesday and Thursday start to gear up as the weekend approaches and live DJs playing the hits.  Friday is their big 80s, 90s rock night often featuring co-owner Gyuszi behind the decks.  Saturday features co-owner Attila da Hun spinning Tech and Soulful House.  If you come, you'll find a lot of regulars that are fiercely protective of the bar, but if you're cool, we'll welcome you with open arms.  Stop by and you'll usually find me tapping my toe by the DJ booth or chatting with the beautiful staff.  Say hi.  I don't bite.  Hard.  :p
<review# 1439,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2013,4/14/2013,32,82,2,36,35>Finally!  Went back this evening and got their vegetarian pancake!  The batter had a few floury spots in it so I suggest a little more mixing there.  But otherwise, it was delicious!  it was chock full of bean sprouts, some carmelized scallion, tofu, imitation ham, baby corn and straw mushrooms (very Asian 'shroom to be using!).  Then they gave me plenty of lettuce, cilantro, cucumber and pickled carrots w/ nuoc mam sauce.  (It was interesting to find they'd packaged the veggies in a plastic bag as opposed to a takeout container.)  It was such a tasty meal.  I may need to go back tomorrow and get another order.
<review# 1440,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2013,4/13/2013,335,242,17,16,20>If the Corner Bistro was in my neighborhood... it would be my neighborhood bar/burger joint. The burger was excellent. So good that I forgot that I didn't ask for cheese until I was over half done. Now I wonder if cheese would have made it any better or not. Juicy, beefy, flavor packed perfection. Don't you dare ask for it well done, philistine! The shoestring fries were nondescript and probably out of a bag. But I didn't come for the fries. The service was excellent. The server was attentive and friendly and my burger was served quickly. Since I don't like beer (gasp!), I ordered an Original Sin hard cider. It starts off strangely since it's fermented with champagne yeast. But about half way thru... not so bad. If they carried Woodpecker, I think I'd commute to Corner Bistro every day. Hell, I might move into the neighborhood and sell my body to pay the rent. If you knew me you'd know I'm not kidding.
<review# 1441,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2010,5/2/2011,732,444,32,27,27>Said one restauranteur to another, "I have a fabulous idea! Let's open a cozy Italian wine bar, serve food at long wooden tables like mama used to have, and decorate it with white pillar candles in paper bags."Replied the other, "No no no, I think we should open a bar dedicated to the Prohibition era! We can have brown cocktail menus burned around the edges to make them look authentic, wear suspenders and cool hats, and become experts at making sidecars."Protested the first, "But in my vision, there are cured meats hanging in the open kitchen, piles of ripe tomatoes in baskets, and long lists of special wines! We need exposed brick and wooden beams! And we must serve lasagna."Said his partner, "Well... I suppose we can combine the two. My only stipulation is that we MUST have a chalkboard in the bathroom for the patrons to graffiti with multi-colored chalk."And so they shook hands, and the deal was sealed.
<review# 1442,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2011,5/1/2011,272,167,4,13,15>Looking for a small cool gift and have no clue what to get? Stop by Everbrite Mercantile Co. They have shirts, jewelry, plates, posters, vintage cameras, sconces, wallets, sake set, mugs and a lot of other cool products. When I'm in the neighborhood I'll be sure to stop by.  On our way to Baked for spicy hot chocolate, we passed Everbrite. On window display were vintage typewriter, camera, handmade furniture, small gift items that all looked interesting we agreed to stop in. It's one of those stores you find yourself looking at every display case, nook and cranny because of the variety of cool items available. To add more to the coolness level, they have a vintage bowling arcade game that is in pristine condition. All are welcome to show off their skills for free and be rewarded should you hit 3400, 4000 and 5000. My eye-hand coordination was unbelievably impressive that night I hit 3 strikes on the last frame. Booyah! Not only did I find the perfect poster of the evolution of video game controllers for my roomie (yes, totally geeky), I also won a vintage wind-up tin motorcycle for scoring 5000+. Win win!images.popchartlab.com/u…
<review# 1443,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2011,4/30/2011,243,374,9,11,12>Two words, pretty awesome. I think about popping into Hanco's every time I head for the Bergen st. stop. The shop is small, with a few seats (translation: no bathroom for you) and a friendly staff.I have only been to a few banh mi places in NY but this is the only one that I would willingly stuff one down my tummy even when I'm not hungry. Ah, the gluttony. I have tried all the variations except the chicken, vegetarian and the sardine ones, they were all thumbs up. Their spring rolls are alright, nothing to write about. Bubble tea is ok too, although I obviously prefer Ten Ren's better. So apparently Hanco's Vietnamese sandwiches are slightly overpriced but I'm ok with it. Why? Because it is delicious and good enough to fill you up under $6. You get ripped off most of the times when you go have brunch, but hey... you still go for it.
<review# 1444,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2011,4/29/2011,301,223,42,40,24>Someone should warn you that you coming here is taking a step into a new world of hotness, sweat and lots of nearly naked bodies. The pictures on the website cannot prepare you for this experience. It was hot, raw, steamy, yet oddly PG-13. I had never been to a bath house and it sounded like a good idea. Originally I was going to go by myself, but thank goodness my friend came along which made the whole experience less scary. We walked into this brownstone and it felt like we were in a old deli that smelled like a gym, except some people were clothed, while others were half-naked eating lunch while watching Sportscenter or Eminem videos.The room is filled with Russian banter and lots of bare chests. Upon entering, we were immediately greeted by Victor who was asking us what massages we want. I had read from another yelper that they try to hustle you into other treatments but we had already planned on getting the infamous platza. We checked in, headed over to the tiny women's locker room. It smelled like a mix of feet, body odor, hairspray and chlorine so definitely bring your own flip flops. There's not much room at all so on a busy weekend, be prepared to be getting butt-naked whilst touching the person next to you. Ladies, bring a bathingsuit and preferably one that covers your ass since the hot room seats can be pretty hot. The day we were there some girl braved the hot rooms in g-string with a thin Rio cut panty on top. It was strange and seriously... Two wrongs don't make a right in this or any case.So we were led downstairs to the hot rooms to relax and get ready for our massages. It really wasn't all that relaxing since it was crowded and ridiculously hot. We braved the first hot room for like 10 minutes then headed over to massages. Victor initially tried to have us go in separately but we were intent on going together not really knowing what to expect. Eventually after some pleading and telling us "I am only one man, I can only do you (wink wink) one at a time", he found Igor so we could get our platzas together. Ok here's where we went from "Whoa this place is pretty strange, to where the f are we and what did we get ourselves into?" They led us into the Radiant heat room which I had misread as the Radiation room and was a little terrified. It was a dark, 200 degree cave with people all around and big rocks. People were dumping buckets of ice water on themselves like they had just won the Superbowl since it was ridiculously hot. And frankly, I was scared. I laid down on this wet hot pad and Igor placed an ice cold towel across my face which was relief from the heat but also a big blindfold to the crazy world. Igor immediately went to work. This wasn't a relaxing massage. It was intense to the max. He was sloshing around soapy water and beating us with wound up oak leaves which felt surprisingly good. The massage was incredible. Igor is a strong man and man does he have good hands. At one point, he  was stretching me out better than any trainer I have ever had. He also  massaged and scrubbed around ALL OVER my body. I really felt like we should've had dinner or something before hand.... or at least a cigarette after. It was INTENSE! Just when it got like too hot, literally too hot temperature-wise when my legs felt like they were on fire, he'd dump a bucket of ice water on me. He had good timing like that.I should note that these massages are a spectator sport. There's steps with people in the room, usually watching you. I let out a couple screams when I had ice water dumped on me and I definitely heard some laughs but no biggie. It's definitely something you should try and I would highly recommend Igor and would go back to him specifically! The rest of our stay there was interesting. The cold pool is super cold and feels refreshing after being in the radiation room for minutes or seconds at a time. It reeks of chlorine/bleach so I didn't stay in long. The aromatherapy room smells like an Aveda salon gone crazy and gets super foggy where you almost can't breathe. The redwood sauna was my favorite room since it was actually relaxing.All in all, great experience and would go back. Definitely some unique people in this place. Tips:1. Bring your own flips flops and bathingsuit.2. Eat at the deli for sure. Ask the ladies behind the counter what's fresh and they will dish out some Russian deliciousness.3. Definitely request Igor if you can for a platza.4. Don't bother pre-watching a platza treatment before you get one. It'll scare you, so just go with it. It feels pretty awesome.5. Bring water and don't forget to hydrate. There was a guy in there talking to himself who looked like he'd been in there for 3 years straight. Hydrate!
<review# 1445,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2011,4/28/2011,404,259,4,17,12>In the heart of Little Italy on the most touristy section of Mulberry exists a fun, if limited, basement level cocktail den (such a shocker in NY, I know). Yes, it's the doorway that looks like it goes to nowhere: The only one on the street without some ridiculously cheesy sign or tourists standing in front of it. Beautiful, low lit space, with cute booths and a few different enclaves with tiny tables and/or couches. I came here with an interior designer who wouldn't stop gushing about the space. Matty Gee (Milk & Honey, Boom Boom Room) and Niko (GoldBar) take charge at the mostly "Dialogue Based" bar. Have a conversation about your spirit of choice/flavors you like, and whether you'd like something refreshing or boozy. They will take it from there. The guys are fun, and the Cocktails are well executed enough as befitting a proper fresh ingredient bar. The one downside is, many of the drinks are sort of the same strategy: booze muddled with a lot of fresh fruit.I love that they have a full kitchen, always a huge plus in my book. Michael Camplin from Boqueria runs the show in back. Items like Braised Short Rib Sliders, Crispy Porkbelly, Mackeral Crudo and Seared Scallops are always going to get my attention at a proper cocktail bar. And the Truffle Fries are of course, your crack-like starch option. Overall, great addition below Houston. It's awesome to see places like this and 1534 coming into the area. As someone who likes a thorough cocktail menu, I do wish they had one. That said, It can be really fun to drink here when it's not crazy packed.Drinks: 3 StarsFood: 4 StarsOverall: 3.5 StarsOn THE LIST....yelp.com/list/best-cockt…
<review# 1446,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2011,4/27/2011,483,449,10,16,18>As a reward for dogsitting my friends' two incredibly easy-to-care-for little dogs, my friends decided to treat me to a dinner at Good Fork.  For about a month we tried to schedule a time when all three of us would be available, and finally we made it to the restaurant this past Sunday.We drove from Queens to Red Hook.  This was the first time I've been to Red Hook, and what a random neighbourhood for a restaurant like this to be located.  Walking in, we immediately transitioned from a quiet and empty-looking Brooklyn neighbourhood to a lively yet dimly lit and very cozy dining atmosphere.  Our party of three was quickly ushered to a table in the back and handed menus.  My friend had bought a Groupon for Good Fork, with which each of us would pick a starter, and main entree, a side, and a dessert.  I love bitter greens, so for me, the roasted brussels sprouts was a no-brainer as a starter.  On the main entree section of the menu, the apple-braised wild boar shank quickly caught my attention, but at first, I was unsure about the grits that would be a part of this dish.  I do not like grits, but in the end I decided I needed to try this wild boar shank.  I originally wanted to have the mashed potatoes for the side, but they had ran out already, and so I picked the onion rings.The roasted brussels sprouts came with a poached egg, serrano ham, arugula, and caesar dressing.  Thinking about this dish as I write this review is actually making me hungry.  The combination of ingredients in this dish made it absolutely amazing, and especially so because of the bitterness of the brussels sprouts and the saltiness of the serrano ham.  The brussels sprouts were cooked to a nice and tender texture, and the serrano ham was cut into tiny slices and made almost crispy.  The contrast between these two ingredients had me thinking that Chef Sohui Kim was a genius.  Up next was the main entree of apple-braised wild boar shank.  It came with smoked bacon, creamy grits, mustard green, and pickled apple, with the shank itself sitting in a bed of grits.  I was naturally hesitant about the grits, but since I did order it, of course I was going to try it.  And I had to admit that I actually liked it.  It was very creamy and just a bit buttery, with a hint of pepper which really rounded out the flavour.  The shank itself was incredible.  The meat literally slid off the bone as I applied the slightest pressure to it.  It was flavourful, satisfying, and meaty.  I could not stop dipping the meat in the grits in order to eat both in the same bite.  The side of onion rings was made with tempura flour, which made it a lot softer and milder than how it is usually made in most other restaurants.  It was an interesting way of making onion rings which I had never tried before, and they were also very tasty.  I topped off the dinner with a dessert of spiced pecan pie.  While it wasn't the most amazing pecan pie I ever had, it was still very good and was just what I needed to further stuff myself after the extremely delicious dinner.  I'm not sure when I'll be going back to Good Fork, since it's not subway accessible, but oh, you can bet your bottom dollar that I'll be back.
<review# 1447,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2011,4/26/2011,281,281,14,25,24>10 things to know about The Ten Bells.1. Looking for a sign ?  Don't bother. Ten Bells isn't written on the outside or anywhere I could see inside. 6. Don't wait for menu. It's written on the wall.3.$1 oysters from 5-7pm daily2.  While the local Fire Island oysters were fine I really enjoyed the Old Salt oysters from Va. Larger, meatier and brinier than the locals, I was disappointed not see them on menu on a subsequent visit.  Luckily I was very pleased with the Maleque. On par taste wise, but not size wise,  to the Old Salt.4. Yes, I ate 18 oyster in one sitting. Don't judge me !!4. Overwhelmed by wine choices ? Trust the host recommendations. I've been happy with their suggestions.9. Sometimes wine suggestion is too good. Nothing like looking at bill and realizing you spent more on wine than food. No reason to be concerned, nope none at all.  #norehab7. Tapas to get for meat eaters --  shrimp nachos, duck rillettes (sort of like pate) and empanada ( I had a wonderful chorizo & cheese one).8. There are choices for the non-meat eating crowd. Besides the usual cheese plates and salads the menu had eggplant, mushroom puff pastry and an artichoke and cheese dish I shared and enjoyed a lot.10. The food, friendliness and ambiance makes this one of the better tapas bars to eat at.
<review# 1448,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2010,4/25/2011,266,463,10,20,19>to say i really like this charming place would be an understatement. the decor was eclectic, simpatico and amusing. we were fortunate to be sitting next to the windows and discussed at some length the way the light hit the windows of the building across the street, which in turn reflected golden beams of sunlight onto the mirrors on the wall of the restaurant, which in turn bathed the lovely senorita l. in a rosy glow. we also had a silly discussion about a strange but amusing statue in the room, of a nude woman. her head was disproportionately small; her facial features were rudimentary in contrast to the rendering of her torso. what amused us most though, was the elaborate and peculiarly stylized depiction of her pubic hair.it is a petite place, perhaps a bit too petite if one has claustrophobic inclinations. i wonder if the name of the restaurant is ironically redundant as it is in english.the server was a wonderful character. she had a kindness and joie de vivre about her, that contributed to the rosy glow and bon ami ambiance. briana m. was kind enough to go out and buy a fine malbec that was perfect with our meal. imagine my surprise when i ordered the thai curry cod, and it was as fabulous as mr. unlucky's secret soup surprise! i guess great minds think alike. the cod had a perfect texture and each bite of gingery, coconut rich, brothy morsel was savored.
<review# 1449,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2010,4/24/2011,316,268,11,14,15>Two girlfriends treated me to a wonderful meal at Degustation for my birthday. There's no need to walk you through a shpeel of the 10 courses served as the menu changes every few weeks. Each dish was expertly executed providing a treat for all the senses. The smells that circulate the room along with the sounds of trained chefs at work increase the anticipation for the course to come. Beautifully composed dishes delighted the eyes. The myriad of textures that dance in the mouth and the bursts of flavors infused into each dish brought my mouth to orgasm. The decor is sexy, intimate and the entire restaurant is just large enough to house the the bar that surrounds the "kitchen", eliminating any distractions and allowing diners to revel in this culinary adventure. Being spoiled by chefs who usually engage those who sit at the bar, I was slightly disappointed that the chefs barely interacted with the diners. Though the former is easily forgiven by having a highly competent host that assumed the role of introducing each dish and ensuring that our experience was nothing less than spectacular. The $80 price is an affordable indulgence that I'd like to experience again. Although dishes are on the small side, the 10 courses will leave you full but perhaps hungry to try more.
<review# 1450,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2011,4/23/2011,1319,184,14,21,17>When it comes to food, I like to think of myself as a Renaissance man. From Burger King to Buddakan, I like it all. My bank balance generally keeps me toward the middle of that scale, but who doesn't love to splurge for a special occasion? That's what brought me to Buddakan, and I was not disappointed.First off, the place is gargantuan. It felt like my date and I walked an entire city block between the coat check and our table, but it gave me ample time to scour the plates on the other diners' tables to see what looked good. My date -- who does not eat like a bird, thankfully -- and I decided to start with the scallion pancakes, which are topped with the most succulent shredded beef short rib meat I've ever consumed. We also had the Szechuan pork dumplings, which are served in a spicy chili-soy broth. YUM!Next came the broken chili chicken, which also carried a bit of a kick -- just enough to add some flavor and some spice, but not to the point of pain. What made it really memorable was the crispiness of the fried part on the outside combined with the juiciness of the meat and the spicy sauce. We also had the lobster fried rice, which was tasty probably the weakest dish that we had. Dessert totally made up for it, though.The chocolate peanut butter bombe was amazing, with peanut butter ice cream the perfect complement to the chocolate. Think Reese's Peanut Butter Cups on steroids.I have no complaints on the service. Our waitress was attentive without being overbearing, we were seated promptly (be sure to make a reservation early, if possible), and our glasses were never empty.I had one of the best meals I've had in New York at Buddakan and I'll definitely be back at some point.I hope it will be with the same hot date, who also gets a 5-star rating. :)
<review# 1451,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2008,12/24/2008,13,46,10,16,16>With Spanish Harlem a seemingly close neighbor, one would think that the glories of authentic Mexican cuisine would trickle down to the Upper East Side in a fashion that wouldn't break one's wallet.  Alas, it has not been the case, as the distribution of eateries in the neighborhood range from cheap and pre-fab  to fabulous and expensive, with few places finding a happy medium. Fortunately the Frijoles gods must have been listening to my cries when they dispatched a taco truck to my neighborhood.  Parking itself on weekdays right outside the 86th and Lexington 4 5 6 station, this saintly mobile muchacho bestows its providence of tortas, sopes, tacos and more to the hardworking locals.  Prices range from $2.50 (taco) to around $7 (burritos and quesadillas), with discounts occasionally offered for flirting.   Choose from more meats than you knew existed and be prepared to taste the nectar of the gods.To tell you the truth, I can't quite remember how any of us got by before Paty's Taco Truck delivered the area from darkness.  People are genuinely more cordial to each other on the street, and children smile more these days.   Taco Truck is Love.
<review# 1452,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2008,12/23/2008,179,276,31,12,15>"And what would you like for your three wishes?" asked the magic genie.I blurted out, "Thai food.""Ok.""And Sushi." I added."Ok.""And beer. In a sports bar. With TVs.""That's like five things already.""JUST DO IT.""Very well."The genie gave me directions to Lemongrass Thai Grill.I should stop making wishes when I'm drunk.
<review# 1453,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2008,12/22/2008,40,217,7,11,9>The best beignets this side of the French Quarter.  (Of course, the other side of the French Quarter is either the Mississippi River or Lake Pontchartrain.)  A huge portion of those precious beauties dusted with powdered sugar and served with three little ramekins filled with maple ice cream, caramel, and sticky mango marmalade for dipping.  It made me forget whether or not I liked the main course or how many zillions of calories I was consuming.  I did offer to share so it wasn't all my fault.
<review# 1454,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2008,12/21/2008,400,317,9,20,15>The thing about Candle Cafe is, I can't bring myself to stray from the Paradise Casserole. It's THAT good. A lot of the other things on the menu are 3-star, rather than 5-star, and whenever I order one of those instead, I'm bummed that I didn't get that sweet potatoey, black beany, millety, greensy goodness that is likened to Eden for a valid reason. I do love Candle as an institution, if that makes sense... a classic, high-quality, but laid-back, completely vegan restaurant that doesn't try too hard, isn't in-your-face-PETAish, and offers good value and reliable fare.Other stuff: Juice drinks are zesty and fresh.Wines -- mehhhh. Appetizers and soups -- yum. Staff range from super-nice to sourpuss. Space is tight, but warm, and never uncomfortable.
<review# 1455,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/25/2008,12/19/2008,411,242,31,15,16>New York is a soul corrupting, youth stealing, feast for the eyes.The name says it all-Forever 21.  Although if it were a little more accurate it would read: "Forever trying to shame you and your friend's womanly thighs, ample bosoms, ill proportioned bottoms because, you are no longer 21"(Here's the useful folks.)  Its a fine store that sells bright, trendy, poorly made clothing in a variety of sizes.  I found a very cute coral colored cocktail dress that I'll be wearing to a soiree in the Hamptons this weekend for $11.50...yup.  Pictures soon.Usually, I avoid this place like the plague but, good deals and dresses can be found if you shop judiciously...and for gods sake fortify yourself.  Women should not be made to feel ashamed for aging so, make sure you elbow a pre-pub here and there and make sure to bring your ipod because, gawd, the kids listen to crap these days.
<review# 1456,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2008,12/18/2008,270,301,24,28,24>I believe it was Ferris Bueller who said, "It's a beautiful day.  How can I be expected to handle rat brains?"  Or something like that.Yesterday was gorgeous--sun shining, flowers blooming, total no-jacket weather--there was no way I was spending the afternoon in lab.  I met up with the inimitable Sadie S in the Shake Shack line at 2:30, and we began to wait.  At 3:30, we had our burgers.Now, in general, I don't like waiting for food.  I live next door to Grimaldi's and always scoff at the suckers spending their entire Saturday in line in the rain and cold waiting for pizza that I don't even think is that good.  So why would a line-snob like me spend an hour waiting for something as basic as a burger?  Is it:a) I am a hype whore.  Must try anywhere people say is THE BEST!!!b) I want to be on the Shack-Cam!c) I'm actually not a scientist, but an intern, and that's what you do when you're an internd) When it's beautiful out and you have someone cool to talk to, who cares if you're in line?I hope you all got this one right--it's d!  My stomach was growling, but the time went by relatively quickly and at the end of it all, I had a delicious Shack Burger in my hands, and those hands were stuffing my face as fast as they could.  Best burger in the city?  I don't think so--I still prefer Dumont.  But for a fast-food, medium-temperature burger, it was fantastic--juicy, flavorful and fresh.  The bun was nicely grilled on the inside too, and the "special sauce", whatever it was, was delish.    Crinkle-cut fries (which I don't normally like) were crispy on the outside and soft on the inside, surprisingly good!  And my B&W milkshake was creamy and perfect.One lesson learned, however--if you happen to show up when "Rosey Rhubarb" is the Shake of the Day, AVOID.  It tasted like a mouthful of creamy roses.  Actually, let me re-phrase that--if a mouthful of creamy roses sounds to you like the perfect complement to a burger and fries, go right ahead and order the Rosey Rhubarb shake.  If not,  stick with the standards.  Obviously, it takes patience, a flexible work schedule and some comfortable shoes in order to enjoy Shake Shack.  But for a once-in-a-while treat on a nice day with friends in the park--just perfect.
<review# 1457,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2008,12/17/2008,47,55,112,9,31>As a straight man in New York, life is hard.The competition is overwhelming. Overwhelming. There is always going to be some guy out there who is better looking, more creative, makes more money, smarter, more erudite, etc. Maybe not all at once, but given the sheer volume of penis out there, I'm doing my best just to keep a half step ahead of the pack.And then there are the gay men. I cannot compete with the modern New York City gay man when it comes to dressing myself, keeping myself looking less caveman, more modern man, and I will not go to the gym or eat as healthily as many of the gay men I am friends with or work with. There are 10 million people in the NYC metro area. I have to compete with 5 million of them for the attention of 1 girl. And I am a poor, poor specimen of man.  However, on my side, I have a lively wit, puppy dog eyes, and these shoes. For all my failings, there is a Louboutin to remedy it. God bless you, Monsieur Louboutin, for inventing the real-world "Get Out of Jail Free" card.On the other hand, god damn you for making that card $600+ a pop.
<review# 1458,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2008,12/15/2008,205,261,19,16,15>So the day I decide to bust out my white sundress the sky opens up and it rains cats and dogs. My umbrella was a sham. As my friend and I ran into the Crooked Tree I noticed I was wearing a red bra and undies. And so did everyone else. But this nice gentleman that works there whose name unfortunately escapes me right now lent me his dry t-shirt to cover my bits. And on to the food and drinks:The Sangria hit the spot and made me feel tingly in all the right places. Maybe they could tweak their recipe some, (to make it a wee bit stronger)  but for a cafe it was pretty good. The crepes are delicious and just thinking about them now makes me feel all tingly again. I think I may have to go back real soon. Either that or attempt to make them myself. Uh oh.
<review# 1459,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2008,12/14/2008,98,60,32,15,17>My wife and I were looking for a melamine-free dining experience and we weren't disappointed. Our waitress Ayasha greeted us promptly, took our cocktail order and promptly returned with a round of melamine-free margaritas.My wife, who is afraid of getting fat, ordered a side of roast tomatoes and the tuna tartar appetizer for her dinner. She claims it was all delicious and she tends not to lie. I am assuming her dinner was untainted by melamine-toting Chinese industrialists, and I think she'd agree.For my starter I had the Chopped Salad which was thoroughly excellent. For a main I went with the roast Pork tenderloin. Was it good? Well, if I had a gallery in my house in which hung pictures of my favorite pork tenderloins, I would definitely hang a picture of this dish in it. But I do not have such a gallery as my wife would frown upon such excess. Suffice to say the pork was so good that even if Chinese industrialists had coated it with melamine - which they didn't - I would still devour it, which I did.We were too stuffed to consider dessert. As we were leaving I shook my fist at the waitress and hissed "You were lucky this time, but we'll see you again dearie-o!" which in retrospect was probably construed as threatening. I was merely trying to convey my enjoyment of Mesa's food and service in the style of someone with limited social skills.
<review# 1460,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2008,12/13/2008,46,51,18,13,15>I've died and gone back home.  This truly is the only real English establishment in all of NYC.  The complaints of other Yelpers only proves this fact more, and in essence also proves why this place is amazing.1.  We English love to queue.  It's one of our more beloved national pasttimes.  We queue for anything really.  We feel more comfortable in a queue.  Asking us to queue for a spot of tea is not unheard of.  Not even in bad weather.  We'd queue up outside regardless, even if the establishment had a capacity of 1,000.  Since this is an English run business, you're pretty much expected to queue.2.  We're not exactly known for our native cuisine, are we?  Let's face it, most of our native food is bland and canned.  Serving tinned Heinz beans on toast is EXACTLY what we're craving.  Since it's almost always more expensive to get authentic tinned Heinz baked beans in bodegas and shops, it's well worth the much cheaper $3.25 side dish at T&S.3.  We're also not exactly known for our politeness, are we?  I've never heard of an American tourist coming to our country and remarking on how wonderfully nice we are.  It's quite the opposite, innit?In addition to the above, the food is fresh and delicious and as I mentioned, authentic.  Real un-pre-sliced bread, real thick cream cheese (not the processed spreads), hearty and strong teas.  My favourite is the vanilla mint.  Its aroma can clear even the toughest of sinuses.  Good for year round - as it can surpress summer allergies and winter colds alike.  Too hot out?  Get it iced and to go.  The place is tiny so do expect to queue and get moved about even after being seated.  But please remain calm and refrain from bickering with your fellow patrons.  You're going to have to sit pretty close to them for the duration of your meal.  I don't know about you, but I can't enjoy my tea with someone looking to start a row behind me.  Turnover in the place on busy days is still pretty swift, so be courteous, mimic our stiff upper lip, and let someone go before you.  You'll be seated soon enough, and without added aggravation.
<review# 1461,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2006,11/19/2006,157,490,9,5,10>What I appreciate in restaurants like Devi and Tamarind is that they've taken Indian dining upscale - with the result that people who live and die by the Burgundy Bible were forced to open their eyes to new possibilities. It was almost like "huh? this place is a 25?"...  They've drawn in a clientele that's eclectic - some discerning, others clueless. But, nevertheless they've taken Indian cuisine beyond lunch buffets, and cheap dining.I experienced one such newbie in my last trip to Devi. Following a quick lunchtime jaunt to my new fave designer, Paul Smith, I had picked up a shirt (or two) - and taking advantage of the vicinity decided to treat myself to lunch at Devi (as opposed to the nearby food cart). As I am enjoying my lamb chops, into the restaurant walks a six foot something model wannabe. For some strange reason she decides to sit right next to my table, in an empty restaurant. After talking loudly to a friend on her cell phone - she looks at the menu and stares at it blankly for a few minutes. As I hear the wheels spinning in her brain, she sees the Paul Smith bag and decides that I must have some taste, and comments "good deal". I respond, "Thank you, I am a new convert... wonderful colors..blah blah...interesting designs....blah blah". After a few minutes of small talk, she says, "You know I love Indian food." I respond "Really, so what place do you enjoy more". Pat comes the answer: "Spice Market". As I stare blankly, she retracts "Wait, that's not really Indian". Uncomfortable silence. More silence. "Well, I don't really remember what restaurant I like"..silence (I know, I know ... I could have been more inclusive)..."Er, could you please help me order? I have no clue what I would like".I make my recommendations: chops, cauliflower, Spicy okra, Parsi Halibut, Chicken Malabar... she responds "a mild chicken dish".. I  revise the recommendation at which moment, thankfully for both, her friend arrives.I finish the dessert (somewhat crispier version of a bread pudding I really liked as a kid) and wish the two a happy meal.So, full marks to Devi - atleast it's expanding the market for Indian cuisine!
<review# 1462,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2006,11/18/2006,11,88,6,4,4>Wonderful assembly of  brands and  items of superior quality (in design and construction) combined with  attentive, professional, friendly and respectful service (vs. aloof, terminally narcissistic, "too hip for the room" of Barney's sales "associates"--or however they are referring to themselves this moment). Shopping at B-G is the way it's supposed to be...albeit with its own, latent real-estate danger.  To explain:It is impossible to be in this store and not start visualizing an entire new wardrobe. So where's the real-estate connection, you ask?  You then start considering new (and more expansive)  walk-in-closets to accommodate the wardrobe--followed by the larger home (with the larger closets) and voila! you've just managed to justify a seven-figure real-estate expenditure based upon one of  Ermenegeldo's new cashmere pull-overs that demands to be carried home--your new home, at that....and just when you congratulate yourself for having the self-discipline to leave with maybe only a couple of bags, you find yourself walking south on 5th, past Zenga's and the Baldissarini collection at Hugo Boss......that new domicile is closer than ever.
<review# 1463,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2006,11/17/2006,44,43,8,5,6>Not having grown up in the Northeast, the concept of a "lobster roll" was entirely foreign to me. I can even recall asking a friend from the region, "is that like a spring roll but with lobster inside?" I couldn't have been farther from the truth--and fortunately, the Pearl Oyster Bar's cuisine couldn't be farther from the cheap Chinese food that prompted my first inquiry into the "lobster roll."On my first visit, I was interested primarily in oysters--as I've said in previous reviews, I live to eat them raw, and am thoroughly impressed when a restaurant satisifies my sick need for a living creature to die moments before I slurp (and lustily chew) it down. Sitting at the bar itself, I ordered half a dozen oysters, clam chowder, and this mysterious item called the "lobster roll."The oysters were thoroughly excellent--not the best I've ever had (Oyster Bar in Grand Central owns that distinction), but seriously delectable.The clam chowder--well, it was light years beyond the stuff I'd grown up with at many and various Red Lobsters in Chicago. I was starting to feel full after eating it, and was worried about the main course.Feeling nervous when the lobster roll arrived, I did what I call "the puzzled dog face" (tilting to the side and lifting the crown of the head high)--it was an open-faced sandwich, with a ton of lobster meat in what looked like mayonnaise, sided by a crap-load of shoestring fries. I dug in, and my life--the world, indeed--has not been the same since.I was full from the moment I bit into the roll, but I couldn't stop. It was just too damned good. Appeals from passersby were in vain--the bartender looked on in horror as I consumed approximately (cue Dr. Evil voice) one BILLION calories--and all with finger-licking gusto and a gourmand's contempt for the casual, part-time feeder.The Pearl Oyster Bar changed my life. Maybe it can change yours.
<review# 1464,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/5/2006,11/16/2006,392,374,12,3,7>I hate to sound like Jerry Seinfeld, but seriously...WHAT'S THE DEAL with cupcakes? I don't get it. That being said, me, the tourist in NYC, was brought here by my know-it-all Manhattanite friend. She heard these were the best cupcakes in the city-a must try.So we wait in a line aroudn the block in the humid heat of summer for at least 30 mins to taste these bad boys. The staff member, calling himself the 'Cupcake Boucer' literally is that. The place is a madhouse... and the size of a shoebox. You go in, grab a box, grab your cupcakes (the WIDE variety when I visited was Chocolate and Vanilla) and they ring you up.Plain and simple. So why is this place so special? Especially when it tastes about the same as putting 10 sugarcubes in my mouth?
<review# 1465,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2006,11/14/2006,99,214,4,3,4>If you like to play dead and pretend you like sleeping in coffins, then this would be deadly exciting for you.Coolest bar and coolest library for naps & lookin' smart.  Wonderful service at the restuarant on lobby floor.  But if you don't have upgrade status here, then it just ain't worth it sleeping in rooms so tiny.  Unless you're up for being a dead man walking...
<review# 1466,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2006,11/13/2006,187,423,3,3,4>I ate absolutely zero desserts for 165 days because I realized I feel more energetic when I don't. Then I was visiting a friend in New York and he really wanted to take me to this surprise place he would only describe as "weird." Okay, fine, he's so excited, we'll go. They serve up tiny "tasting" desserts where you get four different desserts in one dish. Everything else was fine (3 stars) but the peach jell-o thing with basil gets 5 stars. Dessert has lost its luster for me, but the peach-and-basil combination was cool to try.
<review# 1467,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/17/2006,11/12/2006,1362,985,1,5,4>Right smack in the middle of Little Italy with all the other Italian restaurants, it's hard to choose which one of these tourist traps you want to succumb yourself to.In all honesty, I don't remember how we decided on this place.  It wasn't overly busy where we would have to wait a long while for a table, and it was busy enough to think that it was a safe choice.  Sitting outside so we could people watch, the lovely night evening turned into a sprinkle and a downpour.  Thank goodness the staff was quick enough to move us under the awning before our food got soaked.  We started with the prosciutto ham and melon, a typical starter.  I had the fusili with marinara and sausage, which was tasty for me.  My dining companion had the orecchiette with broccoli rabe and sausage.  He commented that it was fine during our meal.  But after we left, he said it was pretty bad.  "Definitely not like the food from Italy," he had to point out.  I asked why he didn't bother saying anything while we were there and he was scared of the mafia-looking owner standing nearby!  While trying to enjoy our dinner, I didn't particularly enjoy a staff member/friend lighting up a cigarette right next to us.  It's New York, so what can you really say?  Overall, it's a standard Italian restaurant right in the mix with all the other Italian restaurants out there.  Nothing special really, and nothing horrendous either.  It exists...
<review# 1468,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/30/2006,11/11/2006,35,103,11,4,3>If I ever become a stupid disaffected wanna-be model with no ambition I think I just might seek out a job here.  Upscale Korean food, with all the upscale of the experience stripped away.Good:  Black Cod was great, if a little sweet, but good when shared with other less sweet mealsShort Rib was good.  Great Sauce which was fantastic over the rice, which was excellent (yes, I'm a rice snob)Bad:Probably the worst service I've had in ages.  We were sharing dishes (as those eating asian food are wont to do) and yet were given no serving utensils - an especial problem when you are sharing a short rib that comes in one large piece of meat.  Granted it was entertaining watching my friends try and pick pieces off while we tried to get the attention of ANY waiter to bring us a fork, spoon, whatever.  But I was hungry so then it just became annoying.  BBQ - given no sauces, marinades or instructions whatsoever on how best to cook our bbq.  We ended up making our own marinade out of the soy sauce and vinegar on the table - granted i'm a cook, but korean just ain't my speciality and who wants to pay $17 for bbq that you might completely ruin with an impromptu korean marinade made by a nice white girl?  somewhat annoying.  thank god we had good cooks at the table (not like we were paying someone to do that for us or anything).we had to ask for rice, tea, and panchan - (the tally of things they forgot, now up to 4 if you count the serving utensils)and finally, the funniest part of the night - when asked how a particular dish was served to determine whether it was easily sharable or not, our waiter actually said, "what do you mean?"  - i then spent the next few moments pondering all the ways "how is it served?" could be interpreted in a restaurant.  maybe if i was making out with the cook, i could find a way to misconstrue that question, but otherwise, i'm stumped.  the conversation continued... "well, is it in a hotpot, or served over noodles...?"  "Um, It comes on top of a pumpkin."  "Really, a whole pumpkin?"  That would certainly be interesting.  "Yes".  Wow, on top of a whole pumpkin??  I completely didn't believe him, but wouldn't the intrigue make you order it too?Well, it turns out that it comes served in a broth with several vegetables that include two small *slices* of pumpkin.  Damn, he was so close.Finally, we ordered dessert.  Apple crumb with Green Apple Sorbet - fine for $9.  And Lychee Sorbet -  Icy and only eh for $8 (we should have sprung the extra $1 for a real dessert).  This was entertaining too.  Although the sorbet was served in a very cool dish made out of ice (points for cute), it was neither sorbet nor lychee flavored.  It was vanilla ice cream.  When we finally got a hold of our waiter to let him know, he said, "are you sure?"  not kidding.  then he said "did you taste it?"  Nevermind that the scoops were neither sorbet, nor any longer round as yes, we had in fact tasted it thus deciding that it was vanilla (would have been quite impressive if it had been psychic divination, no?)  "Yes, we tasted it"  "Well, did you taste both scoops?"  Seriously, what do you say to that other than to stare at this poor idiot man-child blankly?  Finally he just walked away with the dish.So, long and the short of it is that the food is not bad.  I suspect that if you order well, the food can actually be great.  But you must be a very patient and easily entertained soul to eat here.  Or if your ex is a server and you feel the need to exact revenge somehow by screwing with a very dumb waitstaff then this is a great place to come.
<review# 1469,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2006,11/10/2006,485,613,5,21,2>I was part of the whole Model U project.  Basically, you go on their website, click on the Model U project, fill in the stats about your hair, and then they call you in for a consultation.  After, you've gone to one, they send you emails whenever they have available appointments and you just email them back with the one you can make it to.I've tried almost all the free services that they offer here.  The cuts aren't bad, if you like the long laired with bangs look ( see profile pic ) or a bob.  Also, once or twice a month, they send me emails asking me to come in either for a hair treatment (this was my favorite because you actually get the whole contents of one of their "miracle" deep conditioning treatments used on your hair, it's basically like a free expensive hairwash), or hair styling ( french twists, classic bun, long layered look, etc).  When you come in for hairstyling, they also give you a 20 dollar credit towards any B&B hair products, so that's kind of cool.The reason I give it a 4?1) Apptments are only available on weekdays, usually @ 12:30 or 2 pm.2)  The whole process takes about 3 - 4 hours, u have to wait for a training class, then you have to wait for the instructor to inspect it, then you get it cut again, then wait for inspection.  3) You might not get someone who has worked with your type of hair.  They invite hairstylists from all over the US who own salons that only sell B&B, ( not necessarily a B&B salon ), and they try to teach them their techniques to go with the styling products.  The hair cut was nice, but the way she styled it,  "NUH UH!!"  4) Sometimes, I feel pressured to buy products but I guess that's how they make money5) If you are a guy, you have to grow @ least 4 inches of hair
<review# 1470,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2006,11/9/2006,0,0,2,10,6>This is a famous Brazilian restaurant chain and it's FABULOUS.  I was shocked and thrilled that it came to New York City!!
<review# 1471,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2013,9/28/2013,153,457,8,16,10>Han Dynasty followed me from Old City, Philly to East Village! And conveniently located next to 99 Miles from Philly...NY is known for great food, but Philly isn't too shabby, either. Han is one of the best Chinese restaurants there (check out their Yelp! reviews), and it's here to prove that Philly can roll with the big boys.Pretty much, you choose your style of preparation (Cumin, Garlic, Double-Cooked, etc.) and a protein. The spicyness ratings are next to each preparation type so you know what you are getting yourself into. My favorites are the Dan Dan Noodles (must get, a large bowl of noodles for $8!) and the Dry Pepper Style fish (a white fish, tilapia, maybe?). A non-spicier option that I like is the 3-Cup Chicken, which is made of gingery, sweet soy sauce base. I also got a complimentary Spicy Crispy Cucumber dish which has an awesome sauce for spreading on your rice later.They are going to serve liquor in a month or so, and the Monthly Monday tastings are coming soon (20 course tasting experience)! Delivery is on its way as well.Sichuan food is spicy, peppercorn spicy. Don't come here looking for General Tso's, you noob.
<review# 1472,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2013,9/27/2013,139,109,11,8,6>FULL DISCLOSURE: I hate working out. It's boring, it's time consuming, it's exhausting, and it makes me really thirsty. FlyWheel has saved my girlish figure from turning into a blob of atrophy. The classes are fun and engaging. The equipment is clean, new, and modern. They give you special shoes, hair ties, bobbypins, water, towels, mints, etc. They also adjust the bikes to fit your height.HIGHLIGHTS: Jesse's classes are the best!BUZZKILLS: Pretty spency. The seats are really uncomfortable to the point where I get adorable bruises on my tush.
<review# 1473,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2013,9/26/2013,561,353,7,9,8>I heart you shoestring fries.  You tastes so delicious with your fried rosemary and garlic.  The burger with the roquefort cheese, omg. so rockin good.  I also tried the sheep's milk gnudi, with its creamy buttery sauce with of course fried sage..Why didn't I think of frying all these herbs...ugh so good.  The seared mackerel was delicious too, not stinky and just perfectly salted.The food here is just surprisingly awesome with such a down to earth setting.  Plenty of drinks to choose from.  Always a bottle of water on each table.  Hanging your coats on the choices of coat hangers all over the place.  Every time I come here I have no complaints, I leave happy.
<review# 1474,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2012,9/25/2013,441,219,8,15,16>Hey everyone! Try their trifles! I thought I'd put this out there first because they're definitely always overshadowed by their (also yummy) cupcakes. Give them some sugary love too, yea?This adorable bakery reminds me of my favorite homey coffee shop back home on the west coast, and their cupcake truly trumps Magnolia's (dry & overrated) cupcakes by miles and miles. I'll list them for easy reading:1). Their cupcakes are under $2 each. In NYC. Yes, IN THE CITY!2). Their signage outside listing all the reasons why you should pop in to get a cupcake are all very convincing.2.1) Cupcakes are also most, fluffy, and delicious, so you won't feel betrayed by the sign.2.2) The Sunshine Cupcake is literally a cuppie baked from good ol'e simple sunshine happiness :)3). Not convinced? TRY THEIR TRIFLES. Their largest size is equivalent of an extra-value soda cup at Micky D's for a reason, because they're THAT GOOD that people buy them! My favorite is the chocolate chip. It's in the side case by the way.4). Despite all the rainbows and unicorns that comes with each bite of cupcake, it's not overly sweet, but sweet enough to bring a smile onto anyone's face.5). Love the couches, the lighting, the flowers, the magazines & coffee table. And the always friendly staff!So, basically a small la-la land for you to unwind from the chaos of the city for a bit as you treat yourself to some metaphorical sunshine. Check it out!
<review# 1475,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2013,9/24/2013,75,426,7,13,5>Dear Birch Coffee, It was a long wait but boy, am I ecstatic that you opened in the Upper West Side, today!! When I walked in to your cafe, a scent of fragrant coffee tickled my nose. A cup of Birch is somewhere in between strong and just perfectly brewed. Aromatic. Sensory overload. Olfactory system is on full alert, as is my brain after a sip. Lovingly prepared, your espresso is a delectable shot with a thin layer of crema. I spend minutes admiring your cappucino, delivered with a piece of coffee- art, usually in the shape of a heart or a leaf. Thanks for offering assorted muffins (Blueberry with corn flakes, YUM!), croissants and danishes. Your new location is spacious, well lit, and chic. So glad that Birch offers an hour of free wi-fi with a purchase not to mention has really comfortable seating and some tables to linger a bit longer and the awesomest of awesome baristas. Thanks for adding a few more miles to my Birch frequent coffee-card. I'll be at my free 10th cup so soon! I am looking forward to finding out the full food menu offerings and craft brew options. I am thrilled with this new addition to the Upper West Side neighborhood! Good job, Birch! Love, PinkFrames p.s. Birch accepts Credit cards.
<review# 1476,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2012,9/23/2013,294,271,15,12,11>Dear Mr. Payard, Did you really have to go ahead and open a bakery not 3 minutes walking distance from my home?Bad, bad Mr. Payard. No macaron for you. Because I already ate them all.Kthanks,Madhuri---A few weeks ago I resolved to eat healthy. A few weeks ago I also decided to be better about catching up with friends. And a few weeks ago, I resolved not to patronize Starbucks a lot, since I don't love their products so much anyway. These three resolutions don't work so well, as I end up meeting a lot of my friends over pastries at FPB. It's not hard to guess which resolution I am completely ignoring.As a patisserie I think this is quite excellent. Among my favourites here are the macarons (I recommend the Salted Caramel and the Rosemary Apricot ones) and the Chocolate Chiboust tart (you'll love the candied nuts and caramel and chocolate even though I've had better tart bases). On summer days, their fruit tarts are lovely too. I thought their eclair and their roulades were strictly okay, I won't be ordering that another time.I have had less luck with their savoury creations - their baguettes are good but not great, and the quiche was quite dry the one time that I tried it. The hot chocolate is something that I thought would be beyond all expectations, but in general I found it too creamy and not sweet enough, and served in a cup twice the size of what should have been. Their overall drink selection is quite basic, though I am glad to note that more recently they have added some cider and herbal teas. The service is patchy - some of the employees are really friendly, others not so much.For me, coming into FPB for a quick dessert has become almost too easy to do, though the best things at FPB can be taken out and eaten in the comfort of your home.
<review# 1477,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2012,9/22/2013,235,492,4,13,7>Desperately need a few hours away from the chaos of the concrete jungle?  Want to feel absolutely pampered from head to toe in luxury?  Then you need to take a trip to The Setai Club & Spa!I opted for the Tour of Asia treatment which includes a lava bath, body scrub and shiatsu-like massage on a Friday afternoon.  When I booked, I was told to bring loose fitting clothing for the massage portion, I could arrive 15 minutes early to enjoy the Aqua Grotto (steam room, sauna and jacuzzi), and could continue to enjoy after my treatment for as long as I wished.  Even though I left my apartment with ample time and GPS in hand, I still managed to get lost.  I received a phone call exactly at the time my treatment was to start, and they calmly and very nicely gave me directions.  Upon arrival, I was ushered to the locker room, given a quick tour, and my therapist (Renata) was waiting for me at the door with bath already drawn.  She added oil infused with lemongrass and rice milk to the lava bath, and left me with chai tea, water, and a green tea ice cream mochi to enjoy with my bath.  Ahhhh, the little details!  The body scrub was equally phenomenal, as every inch of my bod was scrubbed (minus my boobies and hoo ha).  After I rinsed off, my skin felt so moisturized and was as smooth as a baby's bottom!   Renata had clothes laid out for the massage (another unexpected and very nice touch) and continued with the yoga-like massage that melted away my aches and pains.  Unlike other spas that offer multiple treatments, this room was set up so everything was there (the bath, the shower to wash off the scrub, the massage table...so convenient and added to the ease and flow of everything).  This totally contributed the unhurried feel from one treatment to the next, which resulted in even more relaxation.  After my treatment, I was taken to the relaxation room where I was offered water, wine, champagne, and assorted mini treats which ranged from healthy to bite sized sweets.  Again, all the little extras, hospitality and attention to detail!Now on to the amenities/facilities:  In every locker is a super comfy robe, cushy cotton slippers, and rubber slippers (that actually fit and aren't one-size-fits all enormous) for the aqua grotto.  Every fluffy towel is embroidered with their logo.  The facility is super clean, and since I went on a weekday during the day, I had the entire aqua grotto to myself!  This is hands down, THE BEST spa experience I've ever had...and I've been to spas in many different cities, countries and of every caliber.  The staff was so friendly and helpful, the treatments were above and beyond expectations (which expectations are already high given the hefty price tag), and the Aqua Grotto was top notch.   I'll definitely be back!
<review# 1478,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2013,9/21/2013,327,778,12,11,10>Love this lounge. It was rather loud on a Saturday night. Good thing we made a reservation because it was packed, esp the bar.We were seated at a table near the bar and everyone started putting their arms on the handrails next to our table. I saw all sorts of arms resting on the hand rails. I saw one very hairy arm, looked up and almost screamed when I realized that it belonged to a woman instead of a chimpanzee. Oh the horror. The only reason I didn't scream was because I was drinking my Velvet Breeze, a wonderful vodka-based cocktail  with grapefruit and lime, which helped calm my nerves.My friend had the Beijing Mule which came with an orchid. Our waitress kept coming back to ask us if we wanted seconds. Calm down, lady.The cocktails were delicious, can't wait to come back.
<review# 1479,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2013,9/20/2013,135,1106,7,17,10>I'd go back alone for the white sangria and the sea salt potatoes. No. Seriously. I'd put aside $14 every day for that alone.Oh, and, eh, I suppose the rest was okay. On my walks up Pinehurst to the local grocery store over the past few months, I've been slowly watching the transformation of Rusty Mackerel from the old Vines on Pine location. I was a bit bummed at first, presuming it'd be a seafood place based on the title. As I started to follow their Twitter updates, I became a bit more excited with their menu offerings. Upon finding out the opening date, I offered to take the beau for a meal out on opening week. I was literally giddy at work the day of our dinner plans.My giddiness was not in vain.They worked the small space well; tables were a bit tight, but nothing that pulling them out a bit can't fix. A brightly drawn funky mackerel mural shone brightly over an open kitchen area in the rear. There's exposed brick, so, being a sucker for that, I immediately fell in love with the atomosphere. First, I needed sangria. NEEDED IT. A white version mixed with a rhubarb-strawberry reduction was velvety smooth and, legit, one of the best sangrias I've ever had. Second, we ordered the sea salted potatoes with smoked paprika aioli, brought to our table with much aplomb. Oh. My. GOD. I've had salted potatoes like this before, but this wins. Hands down. no contest. The aioli certainly makes these whole-boiled small potatoes not unlike Patatas Bravas. This dish is an absolute winner and a perfect plate to whet your hunger without overfilling you pre-entrees.I ordered the pan-roasted chicken with heirloom tomatoes and pecorino. The chicken was perfect, inside and out. Moist inside, and the chicken skin was perfectly crispy, oozing with oils and juices with each crunch. The beau got the steak frites with yucca fries and a béarnaise sauce. It came out a bit late as a new batch of yucca fries had to be made, but no matter. It was absolutely worth the wait! Medium-rare is the kitchen's perfered way of cooking it, and it was...wow...just wow. I'm also a big fan of yucca, so the fries were inhaled by me...more than him. (Sorry, Adam. Ha!)Last, the service was great. Everyone we talked to was friendly and asked for feedback on our meals. Thumbs up to our sever Jessica. Marcella, the general manager, both greeted us and sent us off, asking our names and shaking our hands. So kind!The food scene up in Washington Heights / Hudson Heights continues to burgeon, and Rusty Mackerel is definitely in the mix now. So glad y'all are here! Please stay. I insist!
<review# 1480,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2013,9/19/2013,54,128,10,19,11>in my professional opinion as an american-born korean, this food hits the spot. it's basically like my mom came over with tons of food and told me i need more meat on my bones.my food was packaged nicely in paper, foldable boxes with accoutrements like kimchi. btw the kimchi is full-on, double-complete authentic. it comes free (because a meal without it is blasphemy) along with a wonderful message from the management. you really feel like the business cares a lot about your satisfaction with the new menu.despite korean food being really known for the bbq meat dishes I ordered all vegetarian: the jap-chae, the dumplings, and the paJun. the names are kinda "out-there" and i wasn't sure whether a disco ball was going to pop out of my food but they came through with some great flavor and awesome portions (especially the appetizers). I got 6, maybe 7 perfectly crisped and puffy dumplings. the paejun - the korean version of a scallion pancake - was fluffy on the inside and also perfectly crisped on the edges. my japchae was the slightly sweet and salty mix of sesame+soy sauce flavored glass noodles with marinated veggies.overall, this is officially my go-to for korean food in the FiDi area. honestly, they are pretty much single-handedly repping the cuisine in the area, but do a great job at it. bonus: you can top off your meal with a fro-yo while you're there.
<review# 1481,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2014,8/12/2014,105,71,9,8,10>Montmartre is fantastic! I came here with my girlfriend on a Saturday night looking to satisfy a French food craving - and Montmartre definitely delivered. We had a reservation for 8pm and when we arrived, we were promptly seated and excited for a delicious meal.We were pretty hungry, so we went for three appetizers: the French Onion Gratinee, the Steak Tartare and the Sunchokes.  I love Steak Tartare, so I had to order it even though we really came to try the other two dishes. It ended up being the perfect amount of steak - not too little that would make me crave more and not the sometimes over the top amount that other places serve. The dish can sometimes end up being a little much, but Montmartre's was right on point: it satisfied my craving and I still had plenty of room for the other two appetizers. The French Onion Gratinee was awesome, I had never had a french onion soup with oxtail in it, the pairing was phenomenal. The oxtail was cooked perfectly: very, very tender (and don't worry, no bones to worry about!) and the flavor paired perfectly with the rich onion and the melted cheese. This is definitely worth giving a try. Finally, the Sunchokes were amazing! They had so much flavor and was a great vegetable pairing to go with our other appetizers. The flavor of the vegetable came through the glaze to make what was definitely a refreshing dish and a great preparation for our main courses.For our entrees, we chose the Arctic Char Salad and the Brandade Tartine. The Arctic Char Salad was much more impressive than we were expecting. It was a multifaceted meal that paired arctic char with mustard greens and also acorn squash with wild rice. The arctic char and the mustard greens sit on top - the pieces of cod were cooked a little more than seared, but not quite rare. This gave the fish a firmer texture for the salad while still maintaining all of its flavor. After working your way through the arctic char and mustard greens, you're still in for a treat: the acorn squash is delicious when paired with the wild rice. On a dish that I was already totally satisfied with, this extra feature really put it over the top for us. Not to be out done, the Brandade Tartine was amazing. Here's how the dish was set up: the brandade was spread thick on a piece of toast and topped with a heap of ham, roasted red peppers and olives. When I was considering ordering the dish, I was a little worried that the brandade might be a little too salty for me, but it wasn't - at all. The light, seafood flavor of the brandade paired perfectly with the ham and each piece of red pepper came through with each bite. I wish I could eat a sandwich like this for lunch every day! Aside from the great food (which was already a huge win), the service at this restaurant was impeccable. Each time either of us had gotten up, someone had folded our napkin for us. Whenever any member of the wait staff (not just our waiter) walked by, they would make sure our water was topped off and cleaned up all plates we weren't using.  Since the restaurant is on the smaller side, this kind of service made sure your table wasn't overly cluttered with plates, we still had plenty of room to move around, even when we had three appetizers on the table simultaneously. I highly recommend checking out Montmartre, it was an amazing experience that I can't wait to have again.
<review# 1482,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2014,8/11/2014,71,101,18,12,6>Given this thread is overrun with tourists it felt like some accuracy was in order. If you came there for the HIMYM experience, sure they will be trying to keep things in order because tourists (that includes you Jersey, Long Island and Connecticut) have made it a Monday night spot.  On Mondays the place ranges from warm crowd to a little bit full. Tourists will complain for anything that isn't Disneyland full of lights and dancing bears. McGee's is your typical Midtown bordering on HK kinda after work Irish joint. Food is decent, highly recommend the Jerk chicken wrap or rosemary chicken, and the prices are cheap esp at happy hour. For those non-tourists who come nights OTHER THAN MONDAY/HIMYM you will discover a chill spot that is mostly an afterwork crowd. The staff is friendly as can be, affordable options, clean, sizable venue, decent screens to watch games... All standard fare for a midtown spot that thankfully does NOT draw the Times Square crowd, though it gets the HIMYM tourists. You can always tell who the out-of-towners are even on off nights. Just walk around them, don't get too deep into conversation, and let them think they know where the "cool" spots are in town so they don't end up in our fave haunts. The HIMYM tie-in is mostly a boon for the business but somewhat of a curse when you see the 2-star rating. Some of the complaints in this thread lead me to wonder if these folks have been to a big city before let alone do they know how to order a drink and how it is served (yes, people often drink cider on ice, that's why they offer the option, how did you end up with a $9 Guinness? Do you know what a shepherd's pie tastes like? Lol)
<review# 1483,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2014,8/10/2014,177,793,15,13,6>Judging from the opening-weekend crowds, there's a massive pent-up demand for stylish glasses that won't break the bank. I thought Warby Parker was a little too hip for the Upper East Side, but I was very, very wrong.This retail spot is so new that you can still smell the paint. It's located in the old Lascoff Pharmacy building, which is a Yorkville landmark. The renovation retained the huge windows and the mezzanine, but replaced the dusty interior with something that feels like a cross between an Apple Store and a gentleman's library.The staff are delightful: helpful, efficient, and fun. At first glance, they seem like nothing but hipster models for the frames, but it turns out they know what they're doing.Pros:* all frames out on open shelves for you to try on;* lots of staffers asking if you need help;* all frames $95 (and that includes regular lenses (!); progressives are an extra $200 (these prices are a game-changer in the industry);* eye exams available for an additional $75, which includes dilation if you want it;* upstairs offers cushy seating and free candy; and* souvenir erasers stamped with inspirational James Joyce quotes. (At this point, I was overcome with a powerful urge to live here.)Cons:* It takes 7-10 business days to get your glasses, but they'll ship them directly to your house.* I cannot actually live here.
<review# 1484,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2014,8/9/2014,706,474,6,6,8>Best place in Chinatown to get fresh homemade soy and rice based food products.Fresh Tofu FA.  Traditional Chinese dessert made from soy beans that looks like a flan.  Drizzled with sweet syrup on top, as little or as much as you desire and enjoy. Ho fun (broad noodles), egg noodles, rice noodles with mini shrimp and scallions, and Jong (Asian version of a tamale with sticky rice and some kind of meat filling).  Common staple ingredients to cook up a storm or just eat it straight after purchase.They have other traditional health drinks such as the Herbal tea or just plain soy milk (both sweetened or unsweetened) made in house.There's a big boned woman who seems to like to yell at their customers like the soup Nazi in Seinfeld.  Just line up, speak up, know what you want, how many you want, and you should leave happy without being yelled at.
<review# 1485,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2014,8/8/2014,309,472,21,29,26>Emack and Bolios Ice Cream shop is a must have when in Yorkville. There's typically a line out the door in warm and warmish weather. It's a very small shop and not even one where you can see the ice cream through the glass. The flavors are up on the wall, so you'll have to trust it's good. I had the S'moreo on a waffle cone and their "Deep Purple" Cow. S'moreo is rich and creamy, gobs of Oreo and marshmallows in every bite. If you're into this sort of thing, get two scoops and just lose yourself. The deep purple cow has black raspberry, white and dark chocolate chunks and blueberry. This isn't as creamy but still a solid choice.If you want to go all out, try the custom cones which has M n M and fruit loops for example on the top brim. It's a pimped out ice cream cone that puts even the upgrade to waffle to shame and should help you along to a nice rush. They have froyo and soft serve too and some shakes available. The ice cream here is so good that the last visit I saw a toddler with a scoop and even someone's four legged friend licking it to the last drop. You should be doing that too. E&B is kid friendly and canine approved.
<review# 1486,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2014,8/7/2014,235,426,23,20,17>No one is saying what we all know to be true: Buddha was secretly hip-hop.I've been here a handful of times already and I'm happy to say that I've always had a good time. First things first:FREE COAT CHECKYessir, you read that correctly. For the price of free ninety nine, the safety of your party's jackets is secured. Obviously tips are encouraged, but this amenity is a huge plus. Their prices are pretty average, $7-$10 per drink, depending on what you get. When it gets crowded, bartenders can get a little annoying, but they are literally surrounded by people (the bar is an island), so it's understandable.Now the music. I'm a personal fan of top 40s because I love to sing what I'm dancing to, but Fat Buddha does all right by me. To quote a friend, they play, "everything from pops to old school, but like the stuff everyone knows, none of that obscure shit." Did I shazam a few tracks to add to my library? Absolutely. Did I get hot and sweaty on the dance floor? Absolutely. Did I leave with my own jacket? Absolutely.Whether for a large birthday party or small gathering of friends, Fat Buddha has the atmosphere for it all.
<review# 1487,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2014,8/6/2014,153,56,21,8,15>88 Palace,Tucked away beneath the F,lies a palace of bustling carts.Dim sum ladies that seem a bit deaf,but have no fear, for they hear with their hearts.Chicken feet, dumplings, and egg tart,Radish cake, Taro, and tea.To and fro, the ladies dart,all to ensure the customer's glee.Saturdays are a special day,prices are half at the palace of 8s.Each trip leaves me corpulent and gay,oh when may I return to your emerald gates?88 palace my bastion of taste,may we meet again with haste.I like dim sum ya'll.
<review# 1488,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2014,8/5/2014,559,1415,10,9,6>I'm in love and I don't care who knows it!Abboccato is my new significant other.  Food, service, ambiance...it's the complete package.  We were off to a strong start with a tasty Rob Roy (and I don't really like Scotch) and it just kept getting better.  Starters: Grilled octopus with beans was phenomenal!  Perfect texture.  Foie gras terrine was heavenly.Primi:  How to choose which was better?   Spaghetti neri with cuttlefish was perfectly cooked with the right amount of spice.  The pappardelle was even better.  I wanted to fill my coat pockets with that so I could snack on it on the way home.Secondi:  Osso bucco with polenta was wonderful.  The right amount of tender without being soggy.  The side of broccoli rabe could convert a hardcore carnivore to become a vegetarianThe finish....an amazing chocolate bomb..filled with Nutella Mousse, Crème Brule, and a coffee sauce.  They should rename this thechocolatebomb.com   Now that we're an item, I want to keep Abboccato all to myself, but in order to share with others, I'll consider an open relationship.  Keep Abboccato in mind if you are looking for something special.
<review# 1489,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2014,8/4/2014,157,490,17,23,20>Where's Herbie?There are many things that distract me when I am waiting in line for food: what to order when it's my turn to be served, the thoughtless guy smoking too close to those waiting, the backless top of the pretty girl standing in front causing, er, enhanced blood flow, the number of people behind me in line (we all need continued re-assurance that there are people worse off than us), etc. but nothing tickles my fancy more than figuring out where is the bottleneck, or Herbie (from the eminently readable book: The Goal, on a topic best left to be pondered on dark, stormy nights: the Theory of Constraints).In Morgenstern's case, it appears to be the sweet lady standing next to the cash register, smiling graciously, answering questions, and allowing you to sample the odd flavor before making up your mind.... But, it probably is not... I suspect there are fewer flavors sampled per customer at Morgenstern's than at other popular ice cream shops - and it's not simply because you can't see the different flavors. Instead, it appears to me that their real constraint is the number of servers, and if not for more servers, it would still be better if all 3 were scooping ice cream.The first time I visited Morgenstern's and waited in line, I debated whether the 3.5 star rating could be attributed to good grammar Nazis punishing them for the use of the word "Finest", suggesting that there were other clients suffering from the injustice of receiving worse ice cream than at this location. There seemed to be no reason for the rating as I found the Cardamom Lemon Jam and Salted Caramel Pretzel both delightful... In my next visit, I debated whether the logical people took offense to the categorization of flavors on the menu: Vanilla(s), Chocolate(s), Coffee(s), Caramel(s), and Specials... I visualized them gasping and shaking their fists: How could Chocolate/Salted Caramel not be Special?But, I realize that the problem with the otherwise excellent Morgenstern's is the tendency to swing for the fences, a trait explained by the owner's philosophy of "flavor profiles" - the ultimate judgment of which lies in execution. To me, a flavor like Salt and Pepper Pine Nut might end up tasting delightful, but there are others like Sesame Caramel and PB Picosos that don't really stand out. Similarly while the overall impression of the Green Tea Pistachio was really good, I still felt somewhat misled by the server saying it's really green tea with pistachios sprinkled on it - for the pistachio flavor completely overpowered the green tea in the version I ate, and it wasn't really a pairing.At the end of the day, with a "I'm a fan" rating, my gripe might well be a pedantic attempt at distinction  without any real difference - but I choose to think of it as comparative reviewing for I can't ignore other superlative ice creams I've had across the country in taking issue with them. Nevertheless, Morgenstern's is undoubtedly amongst the finest ice creams in New York City, ably delivering on quality at "relatively low" sugar and butterfat. So, I hate to end the review by noting that they make me appreciate Ample Hills Creamery even more: At Ample Hills I stood behind 62 people and was served in 30 minutes - at Morgenstern's I was # 33 and it took me 40 minutes instead.  My advice to them is: Figure it out. There are ice cream wars brewing in the city - and only the fittest will survive.
<review# 1490,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2014,8/3/2014,338,231,7,9,9>Perfect little cocktail bar in Financial District. I stopped by on a Saturday evening after dinner in Chinatown. I'm so glad I finally got to visit this infamous place. Aside from the cocktails, I really enjoyed the vibe here. The lights are dimly lit and soul music in background. Definitely a classy bar that would be perfect for a first date. The only thing is I wish they had was more available seating but if you don't mind standing I guess it's ok. We were lucky to find two empty stools by the back of the bar. I would recommend this place for a first date, catching up with an old friend or even a business meeting. The crowd was mostly people in their late 20s, 30s and above. Therefore no worries about rowdy college kids. Cocktails range from $12-$14. I had the "Frisco" which was a Bourbon cocktail. It was potent and the flavors worked well together. My boyfriend had the "McGlashan" which was a whiskey cocktail containing Jameson, ginger liquor, honey syrup, lemon and few other ingredients. His was sweeter than mine but still excellent.Really enjoyed my visit and will definitely be coming back. Perfect addition to the neighborhood!
<review# 1491,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2009,4/10/2009,203,182,26,27,28>Me: "Have any happy hour specials?"Lady: "Honey, we're happy when you get here with your smiling face."Me: "Ok...think I'll have a gin martini on the rocks then."So went my first exchange with the great bartendress at Jimmy's Corner. And it really doesn't get much better than Jimmy's for after-work bars in the Times Square area, especially considering that our other standby is a pizza place with a bar attached (Pizza Pronto).Needless to say, Jimmy's blows that place out of the water on atmosphere: It's a homey, neighborhood dive from the old New York, before Giuliani's squeegee wiped the city clean. Boxing photos from the golden days and various heavyweight paraphernalia clutter every inch of the walls, alongside an occasional poster advertising a long-finished fight. Neighborhood regulars crowd the bar stools, hunched over their beers, nary a tourist to be seen. And best of all, the drinks are cheap. Or maybe it's just my smiling face.
<review# 1492,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2008,4/9/2009,2348,322,4,25,26>Knowing that I was going to be in Forest Hills Queens to visit my Aunt on Thursday afternoon, I looked up a wine shop to go to afterward. Tucked away down from the tennis stadium on 96th Avenue, I found The Wine Room of Forest Hills. A nicely designed wine boutique owned and operated by Carolina Grunner.When I arrived they were having a tasting. I tasted all three selections, and nothing really struck me, so I looked around. They have a good selection of over 400 wines leaning heavily toward Italy. The staff are very friendly and seem knowledgeable. I spoke mostly to Gary Grunner, Carolina's husband.The prices seemed a little high for some things and low for others. They had the Produttori del Barbaresco that I had tasted in the video the day before for $20, when in The City it's $19. They also had the Masi Campofiorin Ripasso for $15 when in The City I paid $17.50. Not a big difference, but it made me wonder how a small shop out in Queens goes about buying their wine. I imagine that they have to buy a lot less of things than the bigger shops.At the end of the day Forest Hills is lucky to have a shop like this, with friendly folks that care about wine. I bought a bottle of 2006 - R Wines Boarding Pass, Shiraz ($20).____
<review# 1493,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2009,4/8/2009,93,81,15,12,12>I saw this Musical in its 'off-broadway' infancy and it was tony the tiger Greeeeeaeaaaaaaaaat!!This is an energetic, colorful and well written portrayal of the laughter, dreams, faces, missteps and history that encompasses any 'hood. Expertly composed and executed by Mr. Lin Manuel Miranda and company, this musical features talent so raw,real and relaxed that yes, it makes you hang on intently to Mr.Miranda's words as he rhymes. My advice to all: See this damn Musical now while you can! See it while Mr.Miranda is still gracing the stage, because with his 'Tony winning' success, his star will only shine brighter.Listen, I am not  "Mr.Broadway" by any measure, but, if you went to see 'ITH' and didn't leave on a very wonderful high I will gladly refund you the prices of your tkts. plus a little something extra for dinner at Sardi's.****Yeah right. Me, pay for dinner for YOU @ Sardi's? Keep f*cking dreaming buddy.
<review# 1494,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/15/2008,4/7/2009,4812,130,24,20,18>The deterioration of this once fabled coffee institution is as disheartening as finding out girls don't really pillow fight in their underwear.  They started out so well, luring me in with their blueberry scones and motor diesel java. Then. . . . The cups began to leak.So what, right?  A little cup leakage never killed anyone. "I'll survive." I thought. Then. . .The prices went up from already extravagant askings. So what, right? It's not like I'm disgusted by my ATM receipt on a daily basis - eh hem.Then. . .They hired workers that consistently could not make a normal cup of coffee. It's coffee people!  Brew. Pour. Ring - repeat.The final straw was the prices going up again. It's a shame, really.If you ever go, say hello to Cassie - she's the one redeeming quality of this fall from grace.
<review# 1495,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2009,4/4/2009,64,75,19,15,17>You take the blue pill, the story ends, you wake up in your bed, and believe whatever you want to believe. You take the red pill, you stay in Apotheke, and I show you just how deep the rabbit hole goes.
<review# 1496,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2009,4/3/2009,666,1833,34,33,35>130am indeed. The carbon monoxide alarm goes off. I was thinking if I ignored it, it would stop. maybe the battery was low. But, alas, no. 4 quick beeps and then a pause and 4 quick beeps again. Sigh. The back of the detector says to get to fresh air immediately and call 911. Unhappily, we don our winter garb and head outside. We decide to try to call 311 first, since our apartment is the only one going off.Alvin, my very nice 311 operator, informs me that we can try and open all the windows and wait outside and see if it continues to go off and then call 911, or we can just call and get it over with. We are sleepy and grumpy. This is going to take all night. But since it seems like we'll have to call anyway, Maritess convinces me to make the call.T-Mobile freakin dropped my call to 911 four times in a row. Really??!!  You'll be hearing from me later today for sure.In less than 2 minutes, we hear the sirens. They've got to be for us. We wave at the truck as it pulls up. Speedy lets the head of the truck into our apartment and another truck pulls up. Holy moly. Now I start getting scared...2 trucks? For one carbon monoxide alarm? Maybe this is a little more serious than I thought. They all start piling into the apartment building as we stand outside, and my first thought is "My room is messy, this is why my mother always tells me to keep my room clean! Ahhhh!!"My second thought is, "Hot damn." I think Ladder 132 may be one of the best looking crews that I have seen. Sleepy and grumpy no more, for sure! I really hope they don't go in my room, it's definitely messy. And I really hope we don't have dirty dishes in the sink. They're gone in just a little bit, turns out we have a defective carbon monoxide detector. They recommend we contact the super for a new one, and bid us a good night.5 stars for their rapid response time, had there really been something bad going on, they couldn't have gotten there any faster.5 stars for the rugged good looks.5 stars for figuring everything out super fast.5 stars for being so darn hot.I'm sorry we had to drag you guys out, but I sure am glad you were there. Do you guys like muffins? Cos I sure wouldn't mind making them for you.I love the FDNY. LOVE. And if you don't, you have something seriously wrong with your head.
<review# 1497,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2009,4/2/2009,639,836,8,19,18>I've been coming here for years. For me this location of Amy's Bread is pretty much almost as good as it gets, it's nearly 5 stars, but I'm rounding down to 4 because the one down-side I do find about this place weighs rather heavily with me, namely, the line can get out of control, there's nowhere to wait, the door swings back and forth sometimes hitting people, sometimes the clientele can become rather rude to one another and to the employees,  and then the otherwise very helpful waitstaff can become visibly frustrated and overwhelmed -- it's an unnecessary and unfortunate situation that could easily be remedied if some effort were put into it.The items I love most are: whole wheat bread with oats and pecans and golden raisins, black olive twists, red velvet cake, german chocolate cake, semolina bread with golden raisins and fennel, potato bread with onion and dill, almond brioche toast, sticky buns, cherry cream scones, pumpernickel bread with currants, and the kitchen sink cookies... Also, they sell Virgil's Root Beer and Reed's Ginger Brew, both of which are terrific and hard to find... I haven't had any of the sandwiches or pizzas or quiches or cupcakes, but I'll definitely try them at some point.When this place isn't crowded, which is rare, it can be a very relaxing and comfortable, and a few times I've actually got adventurous -- I'm not a coffee person (I just can't take caffeine), but a few times when it's cold outside and I really need a pick me up I've ordered the Parisian breakfast with cafe au lait -- there's just something almost magical about dipping a wonderfully crunchy baguette smeared with butter and Bonne Maman jam into a  the huge cup of brew covered with delicious milk foam.
<review# 1498,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2009,4/1/2009,110,150,10,12,19>A Japanese-Nepalese Bigfoot restaurant that serves tequila and Korean food?   I want to see this joint's business plan.(So went my initial jokes about this place's menu.  I mean, c'mon --it's called THE YETI.  You can hardly blame me.)Once the food arrived, though, the private wooden booths (lined with Himalayan cushions)  proved both a pleasant place for acquainting myself with my date...and Nepalese condiments.  In fact, considering everything it's attempting, the Yeti's food is A-OK.  While we played it safe with momos, fried noodles and sashimi, I'm hoping some of their more traditional Nepalese soups might wow come winter.  If only I wasn't moving back to Williamsburg!
<review# 1499,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2009,3/31/2009,289,322,36,32,27>Brunchy munchy!An egg...on top of a crabcake.Why didn't I think of this? Should I put eggs on everything I already love?Like, say, a cheeseburger?Wait, what? The Sunburnt Cow does that too?F*ck! These Aussie sons'a bitches are suckin' up all the good ideas. ::mumble, profanity, mumble::It's true, my food was fantastic, overall. I ordered the Barrier Reef Benedict ( I inhaled these babies like a hoover vacuum; DELISH!) which came with a side salad and some fries. The fries were as soggy as Davey Jones underpants but I didn't want them, so it was a non-issue. BFF ordered the Hamburger w/ the Lot and she (and I) loved her meal as well. (If you don't like to share then we can't be friends... because you will probably kill me.) We didn't do the unlimited drinks thing with our brunch but the option is offered; unlimited Fosters, mimosas, bloody marys, etc.The wait was absolutely ridiculous and the manner in which the crowd was handled was less than efficient. The set up is also a bit obnoxious, providing you must walk through a huge bar crowd in order to get to the host(ess) and put your name in. This knocks the rating down a few notches. I think I might have to come back here, maybe when it's warmer and waiting outside for an hour and a half won't cause my ears to fall off of my head.
<review# 1500,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2008,3/28/2009,355,129,5,16,13>You can find this Taco truck parked at the NE corner of 14th Street & 8th Avenue most nights after 7pm (they said they serve until 6am!). I found this place accidentally while driving away empty handed from the 'Choke at 1AM (they were closing early on a weeknight, they sold out of everything).  But when I saw the crowd of patrons lined up, I had to park and see what the commotion was about.From steak, chicken, pork, "goat beef", tripe, and even a scrumptuous veggie taco -- they are all cheap at $2.00 a piece  - see my pic for the complete menu yelp.com/biz_photos/2qFV…)Note: They DO NOT have shrimp or fish tacos *bummer*Almost all the patrons were speaking Spanish to the cooks, so I remembered my traveler Spanish and ordered, "Una carnitas y Dos Veggie tacos, por favor."  His response, "You want a pork taco and two veggie tacos, yes?  What to drink?"  I also got a bottle of grapefruit Jarritos, paid him $8 and patiently waited.Soon, many people were crowding around the taco truck and placing orders.  So much Spanish was being spoken I couldn't make out everything that was said.  But when my order came out I took it to the car and shared it with my partner-in-crime.My first impression when I opened the styrofoam container was the generous size of each taco -- these aren't "two bite taquitos"!  They come double wrapped in a soft-corn & flour tortilla (packaged, not homemade on premises).  But more outstanding is how they fill these tacos with a generous heap of ingredients in the veggie taco: shredded lettuce, mexican rice, queso fresco (Mexican cheese), sliced tomato and avocado.  The construction of the soft taco shell is also commendable: the tacos did not fall apart upon biting into it.  The carnitas taco was also delicious -- the pork was flavorful and charred, and the crunchiness of the lettuce and the mildness of the queso fresco made this taco a tasty treat to savour.Overall, pretty good food (I agree with Rocky P., if it's frequented heavily Mexican clientele, that's got to be a good tip off), incredible value.  If it tasted this good while sober, I could only imagine how deliciously satisfying it would be after a night out drinking.MENU: * * * *(NO FISH OR SHRIMP TACOS)AMBIENCE: * *  (what do you expect, this is street food!)QUALITY: * * * * (Tasty!)VALUE: * * * * * (C'mon, $2 tacos!  You can't beat that!)OVERALL: 3.75, ROUNDED UP TO 4-STARS
<review# 1501,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2006,11/8/2006,20,20,21,4,3>I know what you're thinking, 'wait a minute, isn't that right near the place I buy drugs?'  The answer is Yes, but you can also go to this fantastic, classy, sexy, easy-to-miss bar right nearby.  Stiff drinks and a super attentive staff.Occasionally, a turf war will be going on when you leave, so remember to duck on the way to your cab.
<review# 1502,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2006,11/6/2006,23,62,5,3,8>So this is where I go when I can't afford Kate's.  Oh yeah!  EVERYTHING is right here.  I can't wait around for that slow elevator, so I kill 2 birds with one stone and get a serious workout taking those steep stairs!
<review# 1503,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2006,11/4/2006,157,365,3,3,9>Gorgeous dream of a place, with an interior so artfully designed  that there is almost no illusion in it's allusions to artful age.It may not have always been there, but it feels, just like it has. Graceful service, strong coffee, perfect light. Like I said, Balthazar is a dream, at least, until the check arrives.
<review# 1504,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/27/2006,11/3/2006,147,58,41,6,15>A trip to Beacon's Closet is one of those seminal moments in the life of a hipster.  Whether the store decides to buy their clothes essentially validates or invalidates their hipster status.  The store should obtain a DEA license and dispense Valium to the hipsters coming in with clothes to sell, because they show up like nervous fucking wrecks on Judgement Day.  And if Beacon's decides NOT to buy their clothes, I've never seen a hipster take their clothes back.  They discreetly donate.  I guess the shame of returning to the loft with a bag of failure is too demeaning.  There'd be a posting on Billburg.com within minutes, and the whole hipster community would be abuzz with rumors:Generic Hipster1: "Did you hear about Shane?  Beacon's didn't take any of his clothes.Generic Hipster2: "I know. AND he took them back."* collective gasp*Generic Hipster1: "My mole says that they would've taken some of the vintage western shirts, but they were touching Old Navy clothes."Generic Hipster2: "WHAT?? That's it.  I'll be back.  I have to go delete him from my Top 8 on Myspace."
<review# 1505,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2006,11/2/2006,3042,749,21,18,11>Either you're going to love it or you're going to feel like it was too expensive. Focus on the experience and come here if you want to have one.DATE ALERT!!  This is a great place for a date if you like talking to the person you are spending time with.  If he/she isn't intelligent/entertaining enough to carry on a conversation for 3 hours I'd suggest somewhere with dimmer lights, stronger drinks, and louder music.BUSINESS?Sitting down for a meal at Per Se means that you are committing at least 3 or 4 hours of your evening to this experience. Hopefully at the end everyone at the table is happy.EXPECTATIONS:Out of the courses we had only 2-3 of them stood out in my mind. Was a bit disappointed. Overall I would have to give this restaurant 3.5 stars but bumped it up because they really are trying to do great work. It is quite an experience. However if you're visiting from out of town and not a big foodie you might find it to be a bit too much.On the positive side the little goodie bag with the cookies was a nice touch at the end of our meal and even better the next afternoon.WOULD I GO BACK? It would have to be an appropriate occasion.Romance Factor:  7Hobnob Potential:  1Destination Rating:  6Note: Tiny portions in abundance will leave you full.
<review# 1506,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2006,11/1/2006,0,0,12,13,11>My mom is the kind of woman who has celebrated her 40th birthday for several years in a row now.  If I weren't for the fact that I'm 29 years old, people would actually believe her.  In any case, let me just state off the bat that I'm not a huge advocate of plastic surgery.  I'm not against it (in fact, I completely intend to use plastic surgery to restore things to their "former glory" when the time is right) but I'm not one of those women who is out there getting "preventative botox" either.  My mom, up until this point, has aged gorgeously and naturally so when she told me she was planning to go get work done, I freaked out.  Let's face it (no pun intended), there's a lot of plastic surgery that comes out looking less than normal.The cosmetic "surgery" my mom ended up getting wasn't really surgery though, it was a skin-tightening non-surgical (NO CUTTING) procedure done by a Dr. Nodar Janas.  I would never have believed it if I hadn't seen it for myself but the results were truly fantastic.  I have slight smile lines from years of smoking and am fully intending to have Dr. Janas work on me as well.  I will keep you updated!
<review# 1507,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2006,10/31/2006,295,228,24,4,4>Hmm ... cheap, trendy clothes?  Yes!  Always a wide selection, from casual to work clothes?  Yes!   Adore their jewelry section?  Of course.  I purchased a work shirt here a few years back.  After two washing cycles, the shirt had shrunk (either that or maybe I've put on a few pounds ... but I'd like to believe it's the washing.)So I put the shirt on for work and you know, it's a little snug around the chest and back area .... fine.  I go about my day at work and bend over to pick up some heavy equipment.  I hear a tiny rrrrrrrip.  I thought hmmm .. strange ... all of a sudden, my shirt feels more freed up, know what I'm sayin'? It was raining on this day and I was wearing a windbreaker over my shirt.  So I reached in back to feel where this rrrrip could be.  BEHOLD: THE HEFTY HUNCHBACK!  I find a tear that was more than halfway down my back.  All I could think was HOLY SH*T ... SEAMS, PLEASE HANG ON FOR DEAR LIFE JUST FOR A FEW MORE HOURS!  Keep it together people.So I return to the office and quickly change into a suit jacket so no one could see.  Just imagine those robes that you put on at the doctor's office ... yup that's my work outfit.
<review# 1508,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2006,10/30/2006,0,0,3,12,9>Something tells me the review by "Kiara D." is from another moving company...I've used Moishe's more than once as well and they're exceptional.  It's a business famous for being run by honest people of integrity.
<review# 1509,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2006,10/29/2006,19,5,9,12,7>i worked at the met for almost three years--i know it like the back of my hand. my favorite galleries were the modern, islamic, and american wing galleries. sooo much the everyday visitor doesn't know about those rooms--especially the american wing. so beautiful, so quiet back there too. oh, and the astor court in the chinese galleries. and a word to the wise: choose a few galleries you want to view for your visit. the truth is, there are millions of items on display and you could go back every day for the rest of your natural life and still not really see "everything"! also, to those who just want to donate instead of giving the suggested amount--don't make a fuss at the register! no one gives a rat's ass why you're paying less, just pay and be on your way! we've heard everything, believe me..... :):)
<review# 1510,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2006,10/28/2006,78,28,2,4,6>Imagine.... The greasiest best fried chicken you can eat, with chitlins and peach cobbler. I can eat this for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. Located in the west village, it's definitely the most popular restaurant in the area. If you are not worried about your health, then visit this place at least once.
<review# 1511,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2010,7/4/2011,142,211,16,23,23>"Excuse me, are you the Arepa Lady?"No reponse from middle aged woman manning a street griddle.I ask the guy standing next her. "Excuse me, is this the Arepa Lady?"He laughs. Motions to the lady next to him and says in Spanish: "Eres famosa!". She cackles, looks up at us, and then returns to her work.That's her. She's cute, but she's got 'tude. Her arepas: amazing.Warm and comforting. Sweet and salty. Crunchy and chewy. How the hell can a street food be all of these things? Well, it can't. At least, not always. But Arepa Lady pulls it off.It's this tornado of tastes and textures that makes the Arepa Lady's arepas unique. While she also serves up street meat and Colombian kebabs (chuzos), her main draw is her arepa con queso. A fat(ty) thick classic arepa, make of chewy sweet corn dough, filled with oozing cheese and butter, topped with an extra helping of salty cheese. The exteriors have an amazingly addictive crispy character, while the insides taste like melted crack. I always root for the underdog; so on principle, I prefer her other variety: the arepa de choclo. It is much flatter and way sweeter than the regular arepa, made with monster choclo or sweet white corn, flattened and grilled like a crepe, only to be filled with a smattering of salted grated cheese.Both are amazing. Flavor combination, union of textures, explosion in your mouth.Check her Twitter for locations/timings.
<review# 1512,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2011,7/3/2011,274,615,13,21,19>I'm a Superfreak for Super Wings!!!  Trinis are definitely representing here with their take on hot wings.  Fantastically seasoned, magically delicious and downright devilish wings.  I went with the Trini Tamarind wings which is what Bobby Flay lost to in the "Throwdown with Bobby Flay" episode.  I was in West Indian paradise when I bit into these.Served with your choice of two sides (I got the corn salad and the potato wedges) along with an ice cold lemon,ginger and pineapple juice, I could not have asked for a more delightful meal.  I am so happy to see a good quality restaurant doing so well in this neighborhood and for them to keep their prices so low for such a high-quality product is outstanding.  I predict they will expand at some point.The only downfall to this cute joint is that they aren't quite a restaurant because there is not really any seating. That probably cuts down on costs as they don't have table service and need to pay for a waitstaff, but it's fine the way it is.  FYI, they are really active on their Facebook page. I even got a shot out on there a few times and they have also wrote messages on my personal page.  Way to work the social networking game.  That just makes me want to keep coming back and send business their way.  They also have trivia on there and give away free food and t-shirts to whoever answers the question correctly first.  facebook.com/profile.php…  Hands down, this place has the best chicken wings I have ever had, I don't think ANYONE would be disappointed if you like wings.  They have a variety of flavors to satisfy anyone's taste buds. GO HERE NOW.
<review# 1513,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2011,7/2/2011,286,298,18,26,19>I was blessed with a thick head of hair. Unfortunately said hair is extremely disobedient and resistant to styling. The most annoying thing is that it's neither perfectly straight nor voluminously wavy, which means if I just leave it after showering (which I usually do because I'm really lazy about my hair) it's just a big pile of blah. It was this laziness that prompted my decision to look into Japanese hair straightening (JHS). I figured that the JHS would save me the time and trouble of styling and would also "flatten" my hair so that it wouldn't need to be thinned out every time I got a haircut. I found JJ's Hair Salon through Angelina K.* who had followed her hair stylist, Melissa, from Cinderella Hair Castle to JJ's. According to Angelina, the quality of the perm has more to do with the stylist than the salon and since the the proof of her credibility is in her own perfectly straightened hair, I decided to trust her and make an appointment with Melissa.JJ's is Korean-run, but the stylists that worked on me spoke enough English that I didn't have any problems communicating with them. The salon is large and clean, with typical, trendy Asian salon decor. I appreciated the lockers they have in the back for you to put your belongings; the locker key is given to you on a stretchy wristband bracelet, spa-style. After the shampoo and head/neck massage that is customary with Asian hair salons, Melissa asked me a couple of questions about my hair (how often I blow dry and straighten it, whether or not it's colored, etc.) and answered the questions I had on the process before getting started. I decided to get a Brazilian Keratin Treatment** (BKT) in addition to the JHS***. While the JHS would thermally recondition my hair leaving it pin-straight, the BKT would hydrate my hair and counter the damage from the JHS leaving my hair smooth, soft, and shiny. I won't bore you with the details, but five hours later I had shiny, perfectly pin-straight hair. I admit that I had a nagging fear that my hair would go back to it's messy form after washing it, especially since I know how stubborn my hair can be. But after waiting the obligatory two days after a perm to wash my hair, it was still as straight as it was when I left the salon days ago. *whew* I can now vouch for Melissa's skill too. I plan on continuing to go to my trusted stylist at Sub-Image for haircuts, but Melissa's my girl when it comes to straightening treatments.*Thanks girl! :)**I got the standard BKT for $120, but if you want the highest quality keratin, it runs $200+.***$150 for any hair length.
<review# 1514,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2011,7/1/2011,225,194,9,11,15>From the looks of the James Hotel's barren marble lobby, one might not have much hope for the rooftop bar's scene. But that would be a mistake. It may not be your scene, but Jimmy certainly isn't lacking its own semblance of scenery.  Besides the scenery, the cocktail list is impressive.  I basically found my new favorite drink and I strongly urge you to try it: Legal in Vermont (Knob Creek Bourbon and Organic Vermont Maple Syrup served over a cinnamon ice block).It's as close to a work of art as something you drink can get, and as the cinnamon ice melts, the flavor deepens into something kind of mellow and addictive. Or maybe that was just the alcohol.  Regardless, I'll probably be back tonight.
<review# 1515,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2011,6/30/2011,75,79,14,15,13>I love, love, love a German beer hall (if done properly) - and recently a few chums and I set out to have a night of European beer-gorging (perhaps some bitterballen too, ya?) On this particular night, we began with dinner at Lederhosen in the West Village, then moved onto drinks at Vol de Nuit (yes, Belgian, I know) and then further onward to Zum Schneider. Vorwärts!One of the first people in my father's family not to be born in Hamburg, I have a bit more wide-eyed excitement at the idea of these establishments. I do resent them if executed poorly, but generally the idea of long tables, tall beers, and cheerful clink-clink of friends becoming tipsier and tipsier - these things ignite the German in me. Wandering the streets of the East Village and surveying the alternative drinking locales, I could not understand why someone would frequent  a sh***y lounge full of blowouts, spray tans, and 13 dollar Coronas when a comfortable seat, good chums, and a 12 dollar giant mug of Weihenstephan are only a Zum Schneider away. (For those who don't know, Weihenstephan is the oldest operating brewery in Germany, and a delicious draught, if you can find it). There are, admittedly, a good number of douch-tastic NYU kids in here on the weekends. I don't actually have a problem with NYU students on an individual basis, they all tend to be at least tolerable, but as a group, they descend onto locations with a vengeance and locust-like fury that can knock a star or two off of even the most concrete of Yelp ratings. The decor is fairly spot on, insofar as we could have hoped. Beer flags and exposed beams abound, without coming across as overly affected or Epcot-y ("Irish pubs" do that, and I could not hate it more). The back area, through the arched gaps in the wall, is as cozy as can be, and is horribly conducive to further bonding of both close friends and strangers alike. The music is a bit off - not the accordion yodeling cartoons would have you imagine of such a place (thank God), but some Chumba Wumba was blared at a certain juncture. Nevertheless, a good time was had by all, except for perhaps the awkward and nebbish lawyer sitting near us, who was wearing a "Where's Waldo?" cap and looking sulky. Sorry für die Party, bro!!
<review# 1516,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2011,6/29/2011,383,689,15,22,14>Writing a review of Per Se is like critiquing Basquiat. But if I have to do it, then allow me to be frank: Astronomically expensiveDelicious, but not mind-blowingFeels like a hotel restaurantWorth the trip, but not the second trip. And Basquiat's paintings look like a bipolar 3rd grader went nuts on canvas. I said it - it's finally out in the open. You know you think so too.Now to elaborate...Atmosphere: Unlike some, I am not bothered by the Time Warner Center location. I've been to a fair number of malls in my life and although TWC houses retail stores, it's hardly a standard mall. Once inside Per Se, the environment is much like a restaurant at a swanky, boutique hotel. You enter into a less-than-glamorous waiting area, but the dining room is peaceful and minimalistic (borderline sterile). Everything is clean and crisp. The dining room is a semi-tiered amphitheater, where every table looks out onto the city through a wall of windows.Service:Service is outstanding. Many of the employees have worked with Keller for years, including a few French Laundry veterans who moved to NY to help start Per Se. Food:Not as great as I wanted it to be. Now it's true that Per Se's reputation is difficult to live up to, especially because I expect as close to perfection as possible. But even cutting them some slack, I didn't eat a single thing that felt truly innovative or memorable. Desserts were especially boring (sorbet, apricot tart, etc). Don't get me wrong... it's very good. But $250 good? Not so much. Especially when there are surcharges for all the most appealing items.Worth Noting:- Jackets are required for gentlemen. If you are jacket-less, they have loaners on hand.- Purse stools available on request- They can always accommodate dietary needs... it doesn't have to be an allergy. If you dislike something, let them know. It's too expensive to suffer through a course.- Ask for a kitchen tour! They are accustomed to giving them. Look out for the 2 way television that connects to the kitchen at French Laundry. BUT make sure to ask for the tour at the end of your meal. Otherwise, you may find yourself surprised and ushered out to the waiting room instead of your table. (Beware, this is a FABULOUS trick to get people to leave. They will literally clear your table and bring your bags up front.)- If you want wine pairing, there is no set menu. They pair based on your needs and desires. I would advise giving them a budget, however (unless you have a black AmEx. In that case, get wild. And feel free to bring me with you). - They can write personalized menus if requested at the time of the reservation. Great memento for a special occasion!- Please don't talk to the waitstaff about your foodie cred. Trust me- they are paid to feign interest, but they do not care.- French Laundry is better.
<review# 1517,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2010,6/28/2011,226,316,15,18,17>There's a reason it's called MORE-roccan food. Because you want more! No, not more rocks, Ken. (Shouldn't you be with Barbie?) More of Cafe Mogador's food, silly.To start - the bread. Oh my carbs, the bread here is good. I could munch on that all day, every day. The cucumber yoghurt was delish; refreshing and full of flavor, I could also eat this every day using the pita bread they gave us (mmm... more carbs). We also started off with an order of mussels bathed in an amazing curry sauce that was, funny enough, better than the mussels. And the mussels were pretty darn good so that's saying a lot. You know what was even better? Being brilliant and dipping the already amazing bread into the tastebud-blowing mussel curry!My entree came out and it didn't disappoint. I ordered the lamb cous cous and umm... wow. Tender, perfectly cooked meat sat atop some of the best cous cous I've had. The cous cous was light, fluffy, and above all not too buttery or salty. Although some of my dining companions weren't as enthused as I was with their entrees, I'd still sit down to eat here any time. That is... assuming I could find a seat after 6:45pm. The place seemed to fill up mighty quickly for a random weekday dinner. Friendly service, good food, and MORE-roccan food? I'm in.
<review# 1518,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2011,6/27/2011,361,716,17,25,21>No bunny was harmed in the making of bunny chow. What is bunny chow? Food made from bunnies? Food for bunnies? Nope! It's a delicious South African Indian curry served inside a hollowed loaf of bread. Everyone should be down for some bunny chow. The etymology for bunny chow is under debate, but it definitely originated in Durban, SA where there is a large community of people of Indian descent. What I really enjoy about South African cuisine is that it has such a strong influence of the various cuisines and cultures that have infiltrated the country. It's a melting pot of incredible rich flavors where you recognize the place of origin, but you still see that South Africans have put their own twist and made it uniquely South African. Like the bunny chow! The flavor of bunny chow was absolutely delicious. You clearly taste Indian spices (cumin, which I love, was particularly strong), but it's not like any Indian curry that you've ever had. I loved eating the parts of the bread that had soaked up the curry sauce. So soft and redolent with pungent spices. We loved the seafood bunny chow so much that we ordered another one. Next time, we'll just get our own bunny chows! Bunny chow! Bunny chow! So fun to say too. :DI really enjoyed the Sauvignon Blanc. It was a great great wine -- beautiful body with a touches of mineral and fruity notes. Perfectly-balanced. A glass is only $6 and they actually serve it to you in a little carafe, so you end up with a glass and a half really. We had an order of Xai Xai salad (baby greens, thinly sliced papaya, roasted mushrooms, and goat cheese dressed with a ginger-lemon-guava dressing). It was nice and light. I loved the fresh taste of papaya and the umami of the roasted mushrooms. The dressing was tossed with a light hand (nice!), but I didn't taste the ginger whatsoever.Frikadelle is a German/Dutch meatball dish with a diced tomato sauce. The meat was tender and juicy. For dessert we finished off with Koeksisters because who the heck can resist koeksisters (especially when it looks like KOCKSISTERS in the menu because of the weird font they used). All I can say is that it was twisted and just a little sweet. What was underneath couldn't handle the heat and melted.Overall the quality of the food was 3.5, but I rounded up to 4 stars because it's a great little place for a date (cozy, dark wood, exposed brick, candles, etc), prices are very reasonable, and who can resist BUNNY CHOW!
<review# 1519,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2011,6/26/2011,440,260,11,16,16>I'm still full.  Over 12 hours after having dinner at Gravy, I was still happily stuffed and dreaming about scallops and grits.  What better day to have Southern comfort food than the first real scorcher of the season?  The food was fresh and delicious with generous portions.  Service was very prompt but maybe a tad too eager which is WAY better than a tad too anything else.  I really like the decor here.  It was cheerful and bright, a little retro, comfortable, and spacious.  It pretty much looks how I would want my house to look but with beds and showers.  And my house would definitely have the same bar.  Gorgeous.--- the culinary nitty gritty ---Cocktails: - The Sazerack: delicious but a little on the sweet side for me.- The Hurricane: pretty much the best hurricane I've tasted, though I've only ever had them at one other place (Legends).Food:- Raw oysters: 6 Blue Points served with two different kinds of sauces.  The first one was a refreshing minty sauce that, I'm sure, was refreshing but I don't love mint so...The pineapple salsa, on the other hand, was to. die. for.  Spicy, smokey, sweet and tangy.  *muah* So great!  The salsa kinda stole the show but the the oysters were pretty dang good too -- a good size and nice and briny.- Grits three-ways (Cheesy, Porky, and Honey): Get this dish.  I thought i had grits coming out of my ears and we were only able to eat about 2/3 of the order.  My favorite was the honey (and not porky despite the bacon -- shocking, I know) because they were so smooth and creamy and sweet and heavenly and, and, and...*dies*- Sullivan Island Bog: Dirty things are good -- dirty words, dirty martinis, dirty jokes, dirty looks -- ok, maybe not that one unless you're giving them. This dish had dirty rice and it was pretty darn good.  Scallop, shrimp (head on -- +10), and okra were the best parts for me.  A bit al dente for me but I'm Asian and prefer my rice mushy and sticky.  - Grouper:  Only had a couple bites of this dish but it was pretty good!  I thought it was a little sad that no spoon was provided for the yummy broth though.  - Pecan pie a la mode:  Plenty of pecans and not disgustingly sweet as some pies of this variety can be sometimes.  The whipped cream was kinda foamy and I'm not sure if it was intentional or not.  By the time we left, I was almost positive grits were spilling out of my ears and felt ready to walk to Brooklyn and back.  Sometimes you just can't help yourself...and sometimes you shouldn't.___________(Yay!  100th review!)
<review# 1520,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2011,6/25/2011,681,925,19,19,18>The Library is the Charlie Sheen of dive bars.  It is so over-the-top and borderline ridiculous, leaving you to wonder if any of this is for real (in a good way).For example:1. Drinks are 2-for-1 during happy hour.  Draft beer selections are respectable.2. The graffiti that covers every square inch of the walls is way too balanced.  It's graffiti, no need for the Golden Ratio* here.3. In addition to graffiti, there are actually shelves of books.  Nothing on the life and times of Banksy; Encyclopedia Britannica circa 1981 will have to suffice.4. The bathroom smells yet the toilet is pretty clean.  How does that work?5. Overheard: Snarky, Jorts-Clad Hipster Guy: "UGH.  Who requested 'The Knife' and 'Fever Ray' back to back on the jukebox?"I love it.In retrospect, it is relatively easy to throw back two Captain Lawrence pale ales.  Especially when they end up costing you $3 each.Hanging out at this library until 3am may not get you an A on your thesis, but you'll excel at the art of drinking on the cheap.* mathworld.wolfram.com/Go…
<review# 1521,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/9/2008,11/30/2008,43,21,37,13,10>After not seeing each other for 6 years, a friend whom I was close with finally came to the city on business, and asked if she could stay the night at my place.  That seemed like the perfect opportunity to take her out on the town, but I wanted to take her to a place that wasn't that cruisy.  A place where a woman would also feel comfortable.  The Ritz Bar came to mind.I should explain that my employer frequents this bar often (Every Friday) for happy hour, and since he buys the drinks, he always gets to choose the venue.  Would I go here otherwise...probably not.  The space can get a bit cramped in the narrow bar area, and bar staff have a way of forgetting to bartend while they are having their conversations.  But they also have $4 drinks during happy hour, and I work at a Not for Profit.My friend met me at my apartment and we took a cab to our destination on Restaurant Row.  Walking in, we made our way to the bar, where I ordered my friend an White Wine, and myself a vodka  and cranberry.  The interior is a mixture of Pottery Barn meets Crate and Barrel, with a little Ralph Lauren.  Dim enough to make the older crowd look better (everything looks better in candlelight), and light enough to actually see who you would rather not know.  With it being the winter months, the back deck wasn't open, and the cramped space of the bar gets to be a bit much, so instead I chose to move to the front porch, where the smokers all hang out.  The front porch is first come first serve seating, but the gentlemen out there were nice enough to offer my lady friend a seat, and we all got to know each other well.  Before I knew it...my second vodka and cranberry had been ordered.***which I finished too quickly***But I'm Irish.  I can handle my liquor.  Unless I haven't eaten.  I hadn't eaten.Two vodka and cranberries on my 148lb frame is not a pretty picture, and one should never mix drunk and horny.  Suddenly the crowd...well they just didn't look as unattractive as they did when I first arrived.  My friend watched in awe as I started a game called "Lift your shirt or Show me the Johnson!"By the time happy hour was over (and my 3rd vodka and cranberry had been consumed), the score was 6 lifted shirts, and 14 dropped pants.  And that was when the man next to me bought me a cosmopolitan and a shot of tequila.Looking at my friend (all three of her), who was on her third glass of wine, I insisted we find dinner...and right then.  She (while spinning in circles) agreed and we walked (well she walked...I stumbled) to a Greek restaurant down on 8th Ave.My next clear memory is telling my friend (and whoever was next to me) that we needed to pull the cab over...NOW!  For the record...every New Yorker knows that you always put the drunk person on the window side of the cab (with the window down) in the event that the cab needs to make an emergency stop.  Why the hell I was in the middle, I have no clue.  But I ended up getting sick all over the smoking guy next to me.   Oops...my bad.I awoke that morning to bed spins...and a tattoo of a Chinese symbol.  Except...I didn't have a tattoo like that.  As I came further into consciousness, I realized that the smoking man was sleeping next to me.  My friend below my loft, was also sound asleep.  We later checked the smoking man's wallet to get his name.In my wallet was a credit card slip, totaling all of the drinks I paid for...$20.  Not bad for the hangover of death.  I smartly chose to text message my boss saying I was sick and not coming in.Two hours later, my boss texted me back.Boss:  Do you realize what you've done?Me:  Huh?Boss:  You went home with my boyfriend's brother!New Year's Resolution:  Never go out without eating first.
<review# 1522,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2008,11/29/2008,405,569,27,18,19>A famous burger joint a stone's throw from my apartment? Why did it take me two years to eat at Melon's??? Who am I? I will need to be in therapy for years to sort out this mystery. Well, okay, for real, there's always a line. And when you're in the mood for a burger, you're not in the mood to wait. Screw that. But my friends wanted burgers, I never turn them down, and we only had to wait about 10 minutes at about 9:15 on a Friday night. The burger itself was pretty delicious. Just like everyone said: hot, juicy, perfectly medium rare, and covered in cheese, raw onions and pickles.  I added on some tomato and mustard and went to town. Oh yeah, I was an animal. Parents had to cover their children's eyes. Oh, and the cottage fries: I dig it. I get bored with the same old fry, and a cottage fry is a nice change that stands up well to salt and ketchup action.After all that, the big ass slice of chocolate chip cake was the icing on the onion-breath cake. It was just the caloric kick I needed to say:"Hey. I'm Lindsay. It's almost May. But you know what? Fuck swimsuit season. Later I will stare at my thighs in the mirror and cry. But for now, I will have my hamburger fries and cake and eat them too, bitches."
<review# 1523,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2008,11/28/2008,308,363,12,17,17>You might want to brush up on your Italian before you come here.  I consider myself a fairly savvy diner, but definitely not savvy enough to know what most of the items were on the menu. We asked our waiter to explain the menu to us, and he kinda zoomed through it like he's given this tour a million times a week (which he probably has).  As cheesy as this sounds, having a glossary on the menu would have been really helpful and saved both the waiter and us some time.There are several different types of small plates - paninis, salads, antipasti (okay, those are the easy ones), plus fried dishes, veggies and tea sandwiches.  If we hadn't had a time crunch (we were seeing a show around the corner) and we knew what all the ingredients were, we probably would have been a little more adventurous.  So we played it pretty safe, but still came out pretty satisfied.The waiter suggested two dishes per person, but we decided on three to start.  We ended up getting pretty full on the three and never ordered a fourth, so that's a good sign.  We ordered one tea sandwich (mozzarella and tapenade), one panini (prosciutto, pesto, pomodoro) and one salad (grilled calamari).  The calamari salad tasted very fresh and light - my friend said it would be a perfect summer time dish.  The bread in the tea sandwich was so soft and airy - I could have been happy just eating that with some olive oil.  The panini had the most delicious crunch to it - definitely the best I've ever had.The service was a bit absent-minded, especially considering we got there pretty early, before it started to fill up.  By the time we left, most of the tables were taken and it became even harder to catch our waiter's attention.  This probably isn't such an issue if you plan on lingering over your meal like most people do at tapas/wine bars, so I don't think I'd recommend this for a quick meal.We didn't get a chance to try the wine - the book was pretty thick and intimidating, and I'm quite the novice when it comes to wine.  And the selection of cheeses also sounded very enticing (the waiter said he could put together a plate for us).  But I look forward to coming back here and spending much more time exploring the menu, as well as the wine list.
<review# 1524,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2008,11/27/2008,69,66,13,15,18>I once had a Frankish girlfriend who combined a kind of global culinary elitism with the appetite of a Gallic raiding party. She has a kindred spirit in the menu and attitude of The New French which offers a mash up of far flung flavors (curry and pho, mussels and fries, pan-roasted skate and coconut milk). The atmosphere is also wonderfully dichotomous.  Dark wood and candle light only momentarily obscure the child-like wall mural and trashy pop music. The hot server had intelligent recommendations, stunning eyes, a cracked rib and seemed to have recently been in a street fight. With switchblades. A jovial gentlemen I took for an owner played DJ and poured my table several glasses of wine on the house.  His reason: "I like you guys."It's a rare thing to be treated like an old friend at a restaurant you've never set foot in.  It helps to be accompanied by two smart gorgeous girls, but the quantity of free wine and desserts on the house when we couldn't decide between them was excessively gracious. Further, the overall high-quality staff forces my hand - 5th star added.The pizza bianca's great for a menage a trois shared starter with a vegetarian present. Though I prefer my fingerlings left whole, the skate was very good. Nicoise salad was perfect, the tuna moist and abundant. The mussels and fries are addictive. Warning, there are aphrodisiacs in the chocolate cake and those caramelized bananas.
<review# 1525,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2008,11/25/2008,3457,1957,109,29,37>***Disclaimer: Please keep in mind that when I head out to Brooklyn, it's for a family event, to chill in Prospect Park, or for a house party...I don't go to bars out there very often. Barcade was like a foreign country. I had been drinking. The chatter around me sounded like a different language. Everyone was wearing skinny jeans. I was disoriented.***It was a friend's birthday, let's call her Rachel.  I arrived late, already slightly snockered from drinking in the city.  So I find Rachel, give her a birthday kiss, and note that she's running a little low on beer.  The ensuing conversation goes like this:Me: So what are you drinking?Rachel:  Jack's Backwash.        :: I turn to the bartender ::Me: I'll take a...Bluepoint, and a Jack's Backwash.Bartender: Huh?Me: Bluepoint, and a Jack's Backwash.Bartender: Why don't you check on that second one, buddy ('buddy' sounded suspiciously like 'idiot').        :: Turn back to Rachel ::Me: I don't think they have Jack's Backwash.Rachel: *pauses, confused, and then laughs hysterically in my face*Evidently Jack is Rachel's friend's brother; he didn't like whatever it was he had ordered, and he had given it to her to finish. This was embarrassing. In my defense, there are a ton of microbrews that I've never heard of, and certainly more than a few unappetizing names (Moose Drool, Dead Guy Ale, Santa's Butt Porter, to name a few).  Was it really such a stretch that Jack's Backwash could be some sort of obscure, hipster beer?  Shut up.
<review# 1526,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2008,11/24/2008,99,97,14,17,18>I think Murray's is a terrific cheese store, and people who know more than do I about this stuff seem to agree.  I'd definitely give it four stars. So that's not what this review is for.This review is, specifically, for Murray's Date-Walnut Brownie, one of the top five sweets in the entire city of New York.  The date-walnut brownie is basically a moist, dark blondie, rich with dates and nuts, with a sticky interior and a brittle top crust.  With a cup of coffee from next-door Amy's, it's nirvana.  I have been trying to replicate the Date-Walnut brownie in my own kitchen for years, and while some of my efforts have been tasty, I've long suspected that the distinctive texture was the work of a convection oven.  Sure enough, today I winkled that out of them (they won't release the actual recipe as they're putting out a cookbook), and have resigned myself to dropping $3 a week on Bleecker.  Luckily, the brownie is rich enough that it stretches to two satisfying snacks.
<review# 1527,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2008,11/23/2008,548,384,22,27,27>My new favorite coffee place. Hands down.Aesthetically perfect; sparce, dimly lit, appropriate contrast of light colors, cushioned seating with nicely colored throw pillows.... A real peaceful enclave in the midst of this crazy section of West 8th.Now let's talk about food options shall we? Sandwiches are not only delicious but cleverly cut. The bibimbap bowl was huuuge and very good; spicy and supple. Homemade tea is delicious, as is the coffee, and to crown this lovely place, we got frozen yogurt with a small variety of toppings for you to feast on. Did you heard what I said? Delicious FROYO while doing my writing!!...and free Wifi. You can smile now.
<review# 1528,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2008,11/22/2008,786,1284,18,22,20>Yum. Whole milk, organic eggs and all natural ingredients. If you've stuffed your face with Joe's Pizza or filled your stomach with noodles from Noodle Bar, it's time... To be kind to your belly with a healthy and decadent delight that is GROM!!!I stood in line tonight to sample four different varities of gelato goodness. The verdict? Well, I'm typing on this tiny ass keyboard on someone's Crackberry to Yelp about it! Trust me, I hate Crackberries!From coconut sorbeto (my fav. So far!), pistacio (absolutely intoxicating in flavor and richness), vanilla and green tea. It was a pleasant experiment for my tastebuds. My friends who came along on the journey all agree on one thing... The green tea gelato is a major disappointment. Like seriously. Your excitment for the flavor goes flacid after one bite. The texture of it was very displeasing and almost startling. We kept chewing on sugar crystal every single trial. Boo. Overall, I'd still come back over and over again.
<review# 1529,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2007,11/21/2008,2348,322,17,21,35>Standing on 10th Street I watched the cool November wind swirl through the trees. Straining with bending limbs, the old trees that lined the park danced. The sound of the dry, but not ready to fall leaves, were all that was in my ears. Two girls on skates rolled up a few yards away. One began to dance as the other took pictures with an old film camera. I looked at them smiling, wondering. What would these pictures look like?Ro and Theresa were late, but I didn't mind. 10th Street on Tompkins Square is one of my favorite in the City. Beyond the dancing skater I saw my friends appear. We entered Gnocco through a large glass and gun metal black steel door, walking past the pizza ovens and left into a bar area. To the front and back there are nice little tables with candles burning.We sat at two of the tin topped tables that were pushed together. I felt slightly awkward and recommended we order a bottle of wine. I picked a Montepulciano D'Abruzzo. Ro and Theresa know each other very well. I've only met them on two occasions previously. After the first glass the awkwardness dispersed. The Montepulciano was smooth and dry, and we were ready to order.To start we ordered Pizza Bufalina (fresh bufala mozzarella, cherry tomatoes and basil trickled with olive oil). It came out very quickly, but yet it was not hot enough. It was really an extraordinary pizza, barring its temperature. The crust was thin and baked to my liking. The Bufala was flavorful and it went down easy and quickly, followed by swallows of the Montepulciano.For main we each ordered a pasta dish, though they have a full selection of meat dishes. Ro ordered the Campanella ai Fungi Porcini (porcini mushrooms with a touch of cream). Theresa got the Tagliatelle Con Prosciutto (braised prosciutto with green peas and light cream). I wanted to try their Gnocci, so for me it was the Gnocchetti (with beef and veal ragu).When our order came we all push our plates toward the center and shared. Out of the three main dishes mine was agreed to be our least favorite. The Gnocci itself was perfect and soft, but the sauce lacked flavor and was on the sweet side. Theresa's Tagliatelle was the second favorite, though she complained that the prosciutto was a little too salty. I liked it and helped her along. Ro's Campanella was the stand out favorite. The fresh pasta was complimented by the mushrooms and cream.We shared one dessert. Ro chose the Creme brulee. It was nothing really memorable, but it was perfectly satisfactory though lacking something I could not distinguish. We paid the bill and walked back out into the blustery night. Theresa got into a cab and disappeared up the 1st Avenue and I walked Ro home. It was a good evening, though the food didn't meet our expectations. Gnocco is a good place, but there are other choices that I would select over it for better Italian cuisine. Being that it's only two blocks from my apartment I can see myself on a lazy night returning to try some other dishes.
<review# 1530,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2008,11/20/2008,123,129,15,16,18>if my funds were not so lacking, i truly believe that i could spend a majority of my evenings here at Jazz Standard.you walk in through a rather sketch door next to the restaurant entrance, and down an unassuming set of stairs to the jazz club.  even without reservations, my parents and i were able to snag some seats in the sexy, draped-in-red space.  however, said space was EXTREMELY cramped.despite this.. the unbelievable acoustics and even more unbelievably talented performers were enough to make me forget that half of my ass cheek was hanging off my seat.
<review# 1531,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2011,11/27/2011,280,325,18,16,16>The Pearl River Mart is a treasure trove of miscellaneous charming Asian knickknacks and gizmos a plenty. Every time I walk into this place I'm reminded of the scene in The  Little Mermaid when Ariel sings about the whozits and whatzits galore that rests in her cavern of wonders. While that little red head was unsatisfied with her collection of  thingamabobs, I'm convinced that she would never had grown legs if she had her own underwater Pearl River Mart. "Sorry Prince Eric, I have a hoard of awesome reasonably priced stuff under the sea, and I don't feel like losing my voice to a guy who needs a crab to convince him to kiss me." Seriously, reasonably priced stuff before bro-hos.Honestly, there is an enormous collection of cool-ass things in this store. There are chic clothes, paper lanterns, fat Buddhas,  sexy Buddhas,  paper dragons, you name it they got it! They have the best quality of Chinatown goodies in one  giant store of wonders. Like I mentioned before, their items are very reasonably priced. Their teapots are as gorgeous as the one's they sell in Teavana but like 90% cheaper. I'm not good at math so the numbers may be off, but just get the message that its cheaper than other brand named places.Go up to the 2nd floor (which over looks the 1st floor) and you can order tea to go or have them make it for you. The 2nd floor is like a little tea shop that I imagine you finding in Hogmeads ( a town in the magical world of Harry Potter, you sad Muggle). It has glass jars of loose teas, herbs, and dried flowers used for tea.My friend and I decided to take a break from browsing to order french pink rose tea, which has the function of strengthening the liver as well as relaxing the bowels. I believe it only cost $7 to brew us a pot of rose tea, and it was very exciting to be drinking the juice of rosebuds. TIP:Come here for unique gifts for others and for yourselfCome here to waste a couple of hours to browseCome to the 2nd floor to have a pot of freshly brewed tea.
<review# 1532,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2011,11/26/2011,49,108,23,13,13>Dear Ess-A-Bagel,I have a confession to make.  When I first met you, I didn't really like you.  I had been with so many great bagel places before, and you came off as really flaky - one day I got a warm bagel, one day I got a cold bagel....one time, I even asked you specifically if your everything bagels were hot, you told me yes, and then the one I got was cold and hard as a rock!  I didn't think you cared about me, and that hurt my feelings.Well, I don't know what happened, but the last few months have really been magical.  After such a rocky start, you've been so generous to me ever since!  Every time I arrive, a smoking hot everything bagel, waiting there, just for me!  So perfectly dense!  Such a crunchy outside!  Just chewy enough to make you put in a little bit of effort to eat it, but not so much so that it hurts your jaw!  The ultimate subtle sweetness that I have been searching for in a bagel all my life!  My faith hath been restored!And I thought it was important to let you know that even through the worst of times, your spreads always kept me happy.  Nobody - anywhere, ever - has come even close to your lox spread, and its generous chunks of salmon.  And your whitefish salad and baked salmon salad may be the best shmears I've ever encountered - just salty enough, just smoky enough, and super-fresh.  And even though I'm not really into all of those veggie and fruit cream cheeses that you seem to be so excited about, I might even be willing to give those a try for you if you keep being so good to me.And finally, I'm proud to keep standing by you in your battle against toasted bagels.  I, too, understand that toasting a high-quality bagel is akin to having a high-quality steak cooked well done.  Sure, it's still an efficient vessel for steak sauce, but it's lost what made it special in the first place.  Keep on fighting the good fight!So.....there it is.  Ess-A-Bagel, even though I didn't think I'd ever feel this way at first, you have now become the only place that I want to go for my bagels (well........except for Hot Bagels on Saddle River Road in Fair Lawn, NJ, but you can never really forget your first true love).  I look forward to spending many more Sunday mornings with you.Love,Jordan
<review# 1533,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2011,11/25/2011,361,716,10,17,18>Five stars for pickles? Seriously? Yeah, seriously. They're that amazing. Pickled pineapples. That's all I'm saying. You have to run down now and get them before the season's over. I made a quick visit to The Pickle Guys thinking that I would get really good pickles, but instead I got blown away by their pickles. They have several different kinds varying in sourness (quarter, half, three-quarters, and full) and different kinds (spicy, sweet), including different vegetables (different kinds of tomatoes, olives, carrots, onions, beans, turnips, etc) and seasonal varieties.The pickled pineapples fulfilled my unspoken and unknown pickle desires. They're the perfect balance of sweet, tart, and spicy. I kept popping one after another into my mouth until I puckered up. They're so addicting. The funny thing was that I was in line with no intention of getting them of as the people in front of me tasted them and said, "Oh, they're really good. I'll get those too." I also had to taste them. And then get them. And then based on my reactions, the people behind me also tasted and got them. And so forth. It was a domino chain reaction. They'll let you taste whichever pickles you want to taste and they're really patient with you, even if you behave like a silly little thing and change your mind a couple times. The guy helping me just smiled and patiently said, "Just tell me what you want, sweetheart." You're allowed to mix and match your pickles into a quart-size container (you can also buy a single pickle and you won't do that after a taste). You can also order online!Picklelicious.
<review# 1534,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2011,11/24/2011,48,277,7,11,8>The food is incredible and the portions are very large. Every negative review was written because the writer did something really stupid to get thrown out. Good. I hope they never try to come back, because that means I have a better chance of grabbing a table.We started with the Orange Julius and mocha Nutella shake. They were both just as great as you would hope.Then came the entrees. Blisters On My Sisters (their version of huevos rancheros) and Mo'Jemima (poached eggs and bacon stuffed inside mac n cheese pancakes). They were both total flavor explosions in our mouths. Absolutely phenomenal and totally worth the hype. I'm not a huge fan of huevos rancheros, but the Blisters was beyond anything I've ever tasted at other restaurants. And the Mo'Jemima is exactly as good as it sounds.This is my new favorite restaurant.
<review# 1535,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2011,11/23/2011,795,988,8,12,10>Fun, inventive food that will keep your taste buds on their toes. Chef Mehta himself took my coat! He was very friendly, very present, greeted many guests, shook hands, etc. I'm sure he knows -- as diners, we love that. For such an avant garde, anticipated restaurant, the service felt slightly amateurish. I got the feeling that it was the first job for most of the waitstaff. Drinks took a while, and they forgot one of orders altogether. The bartender was nice but he didn't appear to know how to make a martini -- he made us a kamikaze-like concoction instead, which we drank -- but he should have just said he couldn't do martinis so he'd be happy to whip us up something special. The bar itself is tiny and their liquor/mixers appear to be very limited -- they seem to prefer that people order off of the specialty cocktail shortlist -- if you don't have the ingredients for a grey goose dirty martini that's fine, just let us know what the deal is. They also have a limited selection of reasonably priced bottles of wine -- as a table, we ended up enjoying a cotes du rhone. The menu is short but pretty much everything is interesting and tasty. I wouldn't get the pop rocks oysters again -- it's a cool idea, and I give him points for creativity, but I didn't exactly like them -- I guess I don't like sweet with my oysters. The foie gras toasts were delicious, the truffle goat cheese pizza was perfect, and the main courses of cod and lamb were standouts. My god, that lamb! Falling off the bone tender, in a delicious sauce, with sweet potato fries. And get the spicy naan -- not to be missed. The sundae and hazelnut souffle desserts were very nice endings to the meal. Final thought -- they should give every table both the omnivore menu and the vegetarian menu -- we weren't offered the vegetarian menu, and I'm sure we would have ordered some dishes off of it had we seen it.
<review# 1536,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2011,11/22/2011,472,510,10,16,15>Is there a more approachable, warm and amiable chef than Aaaron Sanchez?!  I really can't think of any.  Despite his fame being a judge on multiple Food Network shows such as, 'Chopped' which he also competed in during the all-stars tournament (he should have won btw),  and "Chef vs. City", this second-generation Latino chef serves his heart on a plate.  I've seen him since his days on "Melting Pot" and have always admired his passion, intensity, and overall humility.  I decided I had to finally eat at one of his restaurants to really see if his talents matched his likeability.  Those who are wondering, the answer is a resounding yes.Centrico has a great corner location, and the instant feel of the restaurant is lively and open.  There is outdoor seating, which is perfect for warm weather, the bar scene is energetic, and the main dining area is spacious yet still intimate.  If you're lucky, like we were, Chef Sanchez will be at the pass working his little fiery fingers expediting food to his guests.  I could not resist the urge to tell him how much I loved him as we walked towards our table.  He was so gracious about it and I knew at that moment that this was a great man.  Now onto the scrumptious food...APPETIZERS:Guacamole & Chips -- the chunks of avocado were enormous in the wooden mortar and pestle container, and the tortilla chips were crunchy and fresh.  Short Rib Croquetas -- braised short rib and smoky white beans, made for a very delicious starter.  The meat was so tender and maintained a lot of flavor and juices within the perfectly fried outer shell.MAINS:Pollo con Mole -- pan roasted chicken, mole sanchez & wild mushrooms.  This was the one entree that specifically had his name on it, which sealed my decision to go for it.  The chicken was unbelievably moist and really took in the flavor of the sauce.  Not sure what variety of mole was used, but it was well-bodied and had a mild creamy texture.  The wild mushrooms were amazing.  I had to share this dish b/c the portion was out-of-this-world.  Pescado a la Veracruzano -- market fish, tomato, olive & serrano.  The boyfriend's choice, which I actually ended up really enjoying, possibly more than the chicken dish.  The fish was cooked to perfection, it was soft and flaky, and the lightness of the fresh fish was well-balanced against the acidity and heat from the tomato and serrano peppers.  The added saltiness of the olives were fantastic.  I could have eaten two servings of this dish.  DESSERT:None.  We did a little naughty and actually had ice cream before going to dinner.  We were early for our rezzie, and decided to make a pit stop at my favorite ice cream shop, Lula's Apthoecary for a birthday cone for the boyfriend.  When the waiter had asked us if we wanted to take a look at the dessert menu, we had to regretfully decline.  This story leads into the highlight of our dining experience at Centrico.  As we waited for our check, which, I felt was taking too long, lo and behold, Chef Sanchez comes out with a delicious chococlate cake -- candle-lit, I might add -- all for Jimmy's birthday.  I had mentioned in passing that it was his special day when he came by to say hi and enabled my inner dork the chance for a photo-op with him.  I was so grateful and thrilled just to hear him wish Jimmy a Happy Birthday, I had no idea he would show that level of kindness and personally bring him a gift.  The dessert was on the house, but I was floored by his graciousness, and people around us were feeling the love, too.  I had to show them my gratitude and tipped well over the going rate of 20%.  And to be honest, service was in fact, great  In the end, it was a very successful meal, hitting all the right marks.  I felt transported and didn't mind that I had eated Mexican at least 3x during the week leading up to Centrico.  It felt like a new experience altogeher.  I thought to myself, as we left the restaurant, that not only is Aaron Sanchez a celebrity chef, but a very talented one at that, and he is also a genuine person.  Mexican cuisine has been blessed with such a worthy and reputable ambassador in Aaron Sanchez, and his love and work ethic is embodied in Centrico and his on-going endeavors.  Much love and success.  I will never forget this night.  Viva!
<review# 1537,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2011,11/21/2011,444,306,11,16,17>I do love you, Kleinfeld. And not because you are a meticulous store with a professional and courteous staff. No, it's because even though I wasn't featured on your hit TLC show, you made me feel like a star from the moment I walked in the door for my first appointment, to the week before my wedding when I picked it up, gown in tow. I love Sarah for picking out my dream gown when I didn't even know what I was looking for. I love Ronnie for spending my whole appointment helping me decide how to accesorize despite the fact that he's the owner and obviously had many more pressing things to attend to. I love Randi for smiling from ear to ear alongside me as I stood beaming at the vision of the bride I would be. And I love Josephine, my seamstress because, many months later when my dress was ready and my fitting scheduled, she made it fit my body perfectly. Thank you Thank you Thank you, Kleinfeld. Everyone else might say yes to the dress, but I say yes to all of YOU!
<review# 1538,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2011,11/20/2011,147,142,35,17,14>There really is no reason for me to review Cubby. I wouldn't review my grandparents house, it just exists and for that reason it is awesome. Like fresh baked cookies and milk (or in my case matzah ball soup and seltzer) Home is home. And home is a good feeling.Things to know before strolling into the Cubs:1. Its usually pretty much for certain going to be packed.2. Its pretty much for certain going to be packed with lesbians.3. If you come after midnight on a Tuesday there will be no PBR left. You will be forced to consume Coors Light and therefore look like an outsider.4. The jukebox is purely costumer driven aka the wrong gay gets ahold of it and you're listening to a playlist of Mariah Madonna and Whitney. OR the wrong lesbian gets ahold of it and you hear nothing but...idk crap.5. You will hear Robyn and Adele. Quite possibly all night. Quite possibly repeated. 6. There is always a line for the bathroom. Which by chance happens to be right across from the bar. So you can totally order a beer while you wait. Or continue the conversation you were having seeing as Cubby Hole is essentially the size of a closet. 7. Straight people come here. This is neither a pro or a con. Its just a fact.8. After midnight this place turns into your parents basement after the 8th grade dance. People will be making out like there's no tomorrow.9. You can order food here. Bring food here. Quite possibly bring a grill and make food here.10. Its. Awesome.
<review# 1539,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2011,11/19/2011,155,315,14,12,11>A Yelper had once asked me if I would I go to a park. I'm told the expression I gave him was priceless--a mixture of bafflement, confusion, and utter incomprehension. "Why...would I go to a park?" "I don't know, to sit, walk, whatever." "I...don't understand." Now, this was when I lived in Houston (oh so recently). There, going to the park means either sweating your balls off (find your own female equivalent--oh, fine, gonads) or having mosquitoes make a buffet of your succulent skin. As I prefer to maintain an air-conditioned glow, I am anti-park in Houston. In better climes, I don't mind parks. I will even like parks, such as this one, which, as of now, runs from W. 30th St. to Gansevoort St. (south of W. 12th). From 17th upwards, the entrances are a little to the west of 10th Ave. (identifiable by the flocks of people ascending metal stairs), and a little to the east from 17th downwards.The park is thin, since its basis is an old train line. Most parts has one-person (on each side) walking channels, with a few more open spots. The walkways/non-green areas are made of a pretty grey concrete. The more northern portions have more greenery, which can seem like weeds. My theory is that, in our Holy-Shit-The-Earth-Is-Warming-Up-Faster-Than-A-­Hot-Pocket--Save-The-Earth! climate, this is a natural progression of the three R's. Oh, look, we have a lot of weeds. Insta-park! Further down, a little north of 14th, there are wooden, at-an-angle chairs to lounge in or get your tan on (hello, Scandinavian ass cheeks! nice to meet you) and a section where there's a shallow running stream of water to run around in. There's also a section of regular, upright wooden benches with backs. You'll find some random food vendors around (in this summery weather, artisan popsicles--yes, artisan frozen flavored water--gelato, ice cream, etc.), especially in the covered walkway around 16th. If you descend the stairs, there's an actual dining area and cafe of some sort. There's also an amphitheater where you can just see the street (glass is there, so the kiddos don't create some tragic play of their own). Around 30th on street-level are a skating rink (roller for now--think Boogie Nights, or not, if you have kids; $12 for adult rental), a dining area, a rotating list of trucks (sweet and salty), and (for now) some pop-up Uniqlo stores. Because nothing says park more than getting your retail on. I like The High Line so much, bought some vouchers for a boot camp there. I'm not sure how it's going to work, what with the lack of maneuverability with the skinniness of the park, but I'm looking forward to plowing through tourists on my way to an ice cream sandwich (I'm very goal-oriented).
<review# 1540,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2011,11/18/2011,87,146,7,12,10>I first went to Kuti's a couple months back after reading Deanna W.'s review. I couldn't believe that I got scooped on a place that was practically in my own backyard! Nevertheless, Yelp and let Yelp, as they say, so I swallowed my pride and headed over to check out what all the fanfare was about. West African shwarma didn't make much sense to me beforehand, but 15 minutes and 1 lamb shwarma sandwich later, I had seen the light and it was Good. I've made a couple pilgrimages back and have been similarly rewarded, most recently on a food outing where I was able to try most of the menu. Out of everything I had the lamb and the merguez are the clear winners. The lamb is shaved off a vertically-aligned spit that is constantly rotating, basking the meat with heat and slightly charring its surface as it makes its way around the orbit. It's flavorful and cooked perfectly - juicy and tender but not gamy. The other side of the equation consists of the accompanying ingredients in the sandwich. Take the usual suspects you'd expect to find in shwarma, fold in stewed sweet peas and sauteed green beans that have both been simmered in a heart-warming tomato and onion sauce, sprinkle some ras-el-hanout, a Moroccan spice blend, for added flavor and depth and squirt some mildly scorching hot sauce on top for tear-inducing joy and you've got what's quite possibly the greatest thing since Jean Claude Van Damne Fridays. For even more fun and textural gymnastics you can add fries to your sandwich. Could it get any better!!?But wait, there's more! Of course it can!! I bet you were reading this review, wondering "Tell me, Mike, how can they possibly fit all of those ingredients in one pita pocket?" Well, folks, you've been such a great crowd, so I'll let you in on the open secret: instead of using pita, Kuti's wraps your shwarma in what seems to be a flour burrito tortilla, which has two benefits. 1. the sandwich has a higher meat-to-bread ratio than your average pita sandwich 2. the ingredients are almost entirely wrapped up in the tortilla, which means that it's a lot less messy to eat than a packed pita. After assembling the sandwich they put it in a panini press to warm everything up and toast the bread. And it can be yours, all for the super-low price of $6!!!! Call Kuti's now at 212-222-1127 and place your order today!! (The day I found out I was just barely outside the delivery radius was one of the saddest days of my adult life.)Back to our regular programming, the other options - chicken, tongue, etc. - are good, but not at the level of the lamb. The brain - Abby Normal - wasn't too hot - creamy but difficult to eat, owing to it being too slippery and squishy (it reminded me of this Calvin & Hobbes comic - gocomics.com/calvinandho…). After satisfying our zombie tendencies we went back to the chicken, which comes on the bone in a platter that's big enough to satisfy... big people.I also have to give a shout out to the fried sweet plantains, which were everything I hoped for, but the hot sauce really pushed them to go above and beyond - they were delicious. Kuti's is literally a hole in the wall (Scott W.'s text reads "Place looks like a little shack"); it has maybe enough standing room for four people to order. There are usually a couple seats at the ready outside, but you're better off walking the block to Morningside Park if the weather permits.If you live nearby you have no excuse to have not been here and if you don't I'd strongly suggest going out of your way to try it. The lamb and merguez are easily five star-worthy. Kuti's bills itself as "a cuisine sans frontieres," an ambitious epithet, but one that fits it perfectly. The concept might leave you scratching your head, but it works.
<review# 1541,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2008,2/20/2009,98,60,53,22,22>This was our second visit to Chinatown Brasserie but our first experience with Shang, the unsmiling and authentically Chinese waitress.The hostess was a darling and immediately seated us on a busy Saturday night, solely because my wife had charmed her. This was noteworthy because it is not often that my wife charms anyone: she is Polish and Polish custom is to assume that exhibiting any friendliness is precursor to an invasion.Shang, the aforementioned authentically Chinese waitress greeted us promptly and with no emotion. She seemed neither happy nor sad that we were there - her Yin & Yang were perfectly balanced in indifference. For cocktails I opted for the Kiwi Gimlet. My wife had the Ginger Dragon. My drink made me look a little effete, so I assumed an aggressive posture and tried not to slouch.Shang may or may not have told us about the specials. Her Vulcan-like absence of emotional qualities makes my memory of her somewhat of a blur. It should be noted that her complete absence of facial muscles to indicate pain or pleasure in no way means she was not prompt or able to deliver food items to the table. She was simply Spock with an apron.We ordered a bottle of wine and as often happens the bottle I was brought was two years older than the vintage on the menu. I feigned disappointment and requested the wine list again. I have no idea if the 2006 would have been any better or worse than the 2004 that was on the menu, but I felt it necessary to express displeasure. Ultimately I ordered a bottle that was $2 cheaper - to punish the restaurant for their malfeasance. Shang, as you might expect, remained utterly unfazed.Having been liberated from sexism in 1990 by my angry lesbian, socialist film professors, I was more than willing to allow my wife to choose the dim sum items. She opted for Shrimp & Snow Pea Leaf dumplings, Watercress Dumplings with Shrimp & Pork, the Shrimp & Chicken Lollipops, and things that were shaped like triangles. I added Yang Chow fried rice to the mix because I like saying Yang Chow.The food was excellent and arrived fairly quickly, with the exception of the fried rice. Shang - with any human emotions she may have possessed hidden behind her impenetrable automaton veneer - informed me that it would be coming. Indeed it did eventually arrive, but not until we were finished with all the other dishes. Usually fried rice is an accompaniment - like the Captain to Tennille - in this case it became the entrée - like Tennille just sitting on the piano with no one to sing to. Shang may or may not have cared.I insisted on dessert because I could not resist anything called Peanut Butter Mousse. It was fantastic. I pity the generation of formula-raised children who are now asthmatic, prone to colds and allergic to peanuts.Before we left, the table next to us made our acquaintance and asked if we'd noticed Shang's absolute absence of personality. Ultimately we agreed she was a 15-percenter, knowing that our tips were not likely to make her any more or less happy, and were thus somewhat moot.
<review# 1542,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2008,2/19/2009,218,231,16,24,22>I came here on Friday night with a friend, who also happens to be a girl.  I think it was the second night that the eatery had been open.  We had reservations at 8:30 PM and were seated accordingly.  The decor is very modern, urban, clean, and sleek.  Dark woods, and unique "Scandinavian-type" furniture characterize this restaurant.  My dining companion pointed out the most interesting design feature (or at least in my opinion) of the entire restaurant,  the light fixtures on the walls.  They gave the appearance of a chandelier, but they were really just a clear plastic of sorts that permitted light to shine through to create the illusion of a chandelier.  Due to the inaugural weekend, some details still had yet to be ironed out with the service. The service was exceptional, but borderline overkill. At times some of the help was running around like chickens with their heads cut off.  I would liken the awkwardness to the in between hug/kiss that you give a girl after a first date.  You know, you both lean in, but you aren't drunk enough to put your lips on hers and you don't want her to think that you're a pig...err wait, no that never happens.  We prompted our waitress for a dry white wine option, and she knocked it out of the park with her recommendation. The food was delicious.  My "besty" and I shared an appetizer of mussels, which were quite good.  I was expecting 3 mussels, because the place appeared to be quite upscale, but to my pleasant surprise it was a mountain o' mussels and they were delicious.  We both decided on fish for dinner.  She had the crusted halibut with broccoli and eggplant.  I had the shrimp and scallops in a white wine and butter sauce, with white kidney beans.  Both dishes were spectacular, marked by appropriate portions, exceptional flavoring, and perfect preparation.I can't take credit for choosing this place, because I'm hickish.  Now I'm not saying I'm a hick, I'm just hickish when it comes  to this type of dining.  Luckily she has a refined taste and knows where to dine for special occasions.  I would definitely come back here.  *Note: to the devoted minority that reads my babble regularly (thanks for doing so), I apologize but I will not be reviewing quite as frequently.
<review# 1543,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2008,2/18/2009,548,384,15,20,31>"Is this place Argentinian?" - I asked the bartender as I drank my cava."Not exactly.. More like all South American cuisines" -he said.I nodded, turned on my retina, and my perceptual imagination centers were immediately activated.Rayuela. Magnum opus of Argentinian writer Julio Cortazar; a bizarre and unorthodox novel, dislocated and lacking a continuity or flow; you can begin reading it from the middle, from the start or from any chapter at random. The only consistency lies in the deep psychological feeling it arouses, and how it lures the reader to become an active part of the story by his participation in giving it form. South America. Perhaps the most perfect name given to a restaurant that tries to comprise and represent all South American cultures via their respective ethnic foods, for South American history is indeed a game of Rayuela, as bizarre and unorthodox as the famous novel; full of juxtapositions and a desperate urge for consistency and harmony, finding only contradictory chaos, exasperating but beautiful... I observe the posh and elegant décor from the flooring to the roof; old style ironcast mesh farols that allude to its Spanish origins, and brushed wood and suave panelling, which influence could be extracted from any of the cultures which have had a say on the collage of history of the southern cone: Italy, Portugal, Germany, Holland, Spain and most recently the U.S. But in the middle of the restaurant, raw vegetation protrudes through the floor and into the second floor; a tree resembling a South American Ceiba upsets the elegant consistency bringing a wild touch to to the overall composition. My lovely date arrives. I quickly forget about the 25 + minutes of waiting in lieu of the sight for my sore eyes. I blame last paragraph's deconstruction to the wait, or perhaps I should blame it on the delicious Spanish cava.Anyways, we go upstairs, and then the degustation begins. Just like Crema, Rayuela has liberally interpreted classic South American patters, and playfully allocated autoctonous spices and fruits, bringing a carnival of flavor and compositions. Not one platter was lacking in deliciousness, with the exception of the crab and shrimp guacamole especial; the guac was lacking, and I could barely feel the crab, but other than that, the feast that ensued was most exquisite and proper for the ambient and the occasion.We tried three ceviches, the Vieiras con Passion (scallops in passion fruit, mango and citrus) which was very sweet, resembling the classic Ecuatorian shrimp ceviche, which is not particularly my fav, but still good.The Langosta Revolucion was incredible and consisted of Lobster, pineapple, coconut water, ginger and Uruguayan caviar. A true Revolution for the confused palate.And my favorite was the Siete Potencias, which comprised 7 types of seafood in tomatillo sauce. Bitter, delicious, and just perfect.As main platter I had the Duck with Arepa which was glazed in sugar cane and included a pan seared foie grass in the middle of the plate intertwined with the soft corn arepa, bringing a buttery gist that merged together in your mouth. Curiously, they had a mini version of a fried egg (quail perhaps?) which was a distant reminder of a subdued Churrasco.In overall, we left completely satisfied and I somewhat nostalgic for that unfinished chaotic canvas of a continent; the place where at a distance Tomas More conceived his Utopia to be, and Neruda his exile poetry, while I.... just a few short reviews. But just like in Rayuela, who says I can't begin the story at the middle?
<review# 1544,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2009,2/17/2009,405,569,37,18,26>Boxcar is like the acquaintance from college who you suddenly find yourself out with all the time because they live a few blocks away from you and sometimes you bump into each other when you're wasted and looking for guacamole at the bodega and you're like, hey man, we should hang out more, so you do, and you remember how awesome college was, and don't know why you didn't hang out with them back in school, maybe because you ran in different circles, or maybe because you were on too many drugs, but it doesn't matter because now you're practically best friends and, you know, thank god, because who else is going to sit around and swig beer with you at 2am on a Monday night?
<review# 1545,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2009,2/16/2009,315,518,24,17,22>My friend E likes to tease me about being so outrageous and out of control. As in he jokes that a wild and crazy time for me includes things like the third hour of monopoly and asparagus. Well you know what? Throw in an afternoon at B&H while you're at it. I have the potential to be amused by all the camera options for a substantial amount of time.I'll just be underneath the overhead conveyor belt...smiling. No big deal. And no, I'm not autistic.
<review# 1546,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2008,2/15/2009,608,608,24,24,34>I looked up as I walked byAnd a cute bag caught my eye."There's no way I'll be able to afford that!This shop's on West Fourth right by Fat Cat!"Even so I thought "well, it doesn't hurt to look."And so I stepped up into this cozy nook.Drawn to the bag that I saw from outside,I looked at the price tag and was quite surprised!Thirty-four dollars, ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!With those prices I can buy not one, not two, but fifty-three!And so, giddy, I perused the little storeAnd came face to face with fabulous goods galore!Printed tops, linen dresses, colorful bags -- all fun!And none of the hoochie teenyboppers like at Forever 21.The prices may rival Zara, H&M, or Daffy's,But it's located in the vicinity of Patisserie Claude's and Cynthia Rowley.On top of that, Jungle Planet (for that is its name) is green,With only handmade artisan jewelry, organic cotton, and vegan leather to be seen.In sum, I will be back, no doubt I will,So long as you Yelpers keep this place a secret still!
<review# 1547,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/28/2008,2/14/2009,233,176,20,15,15>8:15 AMMake it to work on time, finish those articles, talk to translation agency, Dean & Deluca...make it to work on time, finish those articles, talk to translation agency...wait, what was that last one? Ah, yes, Dean & Deluca...9:30 AMCrap, I forgot my grocery list on my nightstand.10:45 AMMeeting's over, now lemme try to remember that list...there were 10 items, I think...oh, yes, persimmons...and...erm..salt! Aaaand...oregano leave -- no, i got that yesterday. Pepper? No. Arugula. What the heck am I gonna do with arugula?! All right, all right. Arugula...NOONNo time for lunch, still gotta call translation agency...I wonder how you say brie in French...oh, yes, how dumb of me. Brie! That was the third one on the list!1:30PMNow what was that other thing that rhymed with boomin'? Cumin...ground cumin. That's right! *scribble scribble* Cumin for the meat. I rock! OK, so close...3PMOh, coffee. Can I please add coffee? No, I got free coffee in the back of the room, why would I go and get coffee at D&D? Now wine, yes, cooking wine is what I need *scribble*5:30 PMAye, we're almost there!5:31 PMThank you, bossy, for letting us out early. D&D, I'm coming!5:45PMAh, there they are: the persimmons! I'll just go by this lady, dock this other guy, and ... aha! Wow, a whole pretty basket of them. Orange, luscious persimmons. And only $3! Wait. $3 a pop? What the heck am I, made of money? OK, I guess I can have half a salad in that case. That's OK. Half a salad is good...saves tummy space for the beef stew later. Plus those really pretty plates I got last week are small, so they would totally complement the bright color of the persimmons. Why is this man coming my way...what does he .. "Erm, yes please, sure, go ahead." Holy smokes, he wrapped and rang it up for me already. *nervous smiles*Pearl onions! There they are, I see them already. Go, Nati, go!! "Oh, I'm sorry!" Oops, that woman didn't look too happy...well, why did she have to lug that big, fat cart around anyway, just to carry one little apple?! Not my fault our paths met. But anyway, serious business...focus, Nati, focus. Now where were we? Arugula...ah, there it is! Oh, wait, no pearl onions...well, I spot the arugula already! I will return! For now...pearl onions...hmm, what nice little packs they have here, so neatly arranged...white, red, yellow...I think I'll take yellow? Or maybe red. No, wait, yellow because it'll match the meat sauce. And my tablecoth. Yes, tablecloth. Red will be too much. OK, yellow! I'm so good at this, I should become like a home decorator/chef extraordinaire kind of gal. Forget writing and translation agen -- wait, is that really 6 bucks for this crap? This is a tiny pack; it'll be gone within one hour of cooking! OK, OK, fine. They're probably soft and fresh...or something. Quick, next: arugula. There it is. Pack. Ah, no price. I don't like it when they hide the price. Forget this. I'll get this later. It's kinda cold in here...Now where did they hide this brie...oh, what pretty chocolates these are... and so many rows *slaps wrist* OK, OK. Focusing! Brie...there it is...wow, that French guy is hot. "Oops, sorry!" Stupid cart. There. Brie...is he getting brie, too? No, that's gooda, I believe. He's a gooda man. A good man. Good man in MY home. OK, focus! Brie...oh, God, I don't even wanna look at the price. I'll look at it later. Let's go to the spices...brie will be gone in a day's worth of eating; spices, now those are real investments...Wow, they're so...neat. Simple and neat. There's my cumin...there's my salt. Salt has no price...that's OK, how bad could it be. I feel good. I got this under control. I'm like these people around me...I know what I'm doing. "Excuse me, sir, where is the cooking wine?" "Ah! It happens! Mmmm...thank you." What is wrong with these people: No red wine for cooking?! What do you cook with, apples? Or maybe it's too expensive for you, too, after you've shopped for veggies. Well, you've probably done my budget here a favor. And thanks to you, my budget's checking out! Adios, maestro!"Hello, I'm fine thank you...here you go..." Now let's see...that's only what, four things...that should cost me about $10. Ten bucks and I'm outta here...maybe I'll use the other 10 to grab that drink with my co-worker, or maybe for a lovely ice cream cone around the corner...or 10 packs of gum...or 10 persimmons at my local grocer chuckles "I'm sorry?!" $19?!!! For what?! Persimmons and salt?! *smiles* This salt better taste like rainbows *slides card* This cumin better make my dreams come true, and as for this persimmon, as for this PERSIM -- "Thank you, ma'am. You have a good night, too." *walks out*7:30PMNo brie, no money, no French man. Forget that cocktail; I'll just go home now and make a juice out of my persimmon. Cover it with salt and drink it to my health. Cheers, Deluca. Oh, and Dean, Happy scrappy Thanksgiving, old man -- hope you make a juicy turkey with our savings.
<review# 1548,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/3/2009,2/12/2009,256,207,39,28,31>You know when you meet someone you think is really great?  On paper they seem perfect. Then you're sitting at dinner; they look really good, he has a good heart and a good job but you find out his favorite book is Dune, he loves to talk about how exceptional his mother is and that he snorts when he laughs?  I mean, if you have to settle it wouldn't be horrible to end up with him, but in the back of your mind you know that there's something better out there.
<review# 1549,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/24/2008,2/11/2009,321,290,24,21,24>Wow did I sleep on Dinosaur!?I've been living in Harlem for over a year now and I finally made my way over to this restaurant. Oh I've heard the stories but I didn't like trekking over there to go to Fairway for essentials ... what makes you think I want to go there to indulge in bar-b-que? I don't even eat pork or beef?Well slap me up and call me Patty cause I'm singing a different tune. My roommate and I dined on a Christmas feast. She had a half rack and I had a 1/2 chicken. Freaking amazing bar-b-que. And I know this place is kind of novel/touristy but I'm really into it. And at least there isn't one in every district. (*ahem* DALLAS BBQ *cough**cough*) Dinosaur is special and affordable to boot!Sidenote: While I was in the graffitied bathroom washing my hands, some white lady came in and asked me if "we were always this busy." I shouldn't have responded, "I don't know, I don't work here." Because "Oh I'm sorry, my mistake" is never enough she has to explain that she just assumed I "worked here because I had on such pretty pearls." I "must be a hostess." *eye roll* Stuff White People Do *sigh* stuffwhitepeopledo.blogs… End sidenote.We also shared the App Sampler for 2. That was brilliant! 10 bucks for 2 wings, fried green tomatoes, peel and eat shrimp, and something else that I forget because I ate it so fast. hehehehe.My chicken was divine juicy dripping down my fingers delicious. The greens are very good. A little sweeter than I like. Next time I'll throw some of that Devil's Duel sauce on em. The mac is OK. The cornbread is OK. But I would like to suggest this place to y'all for our next Yelp brunch. It would be so fun.Try to avoid the accidental racists here and your dining experience will be perfection.OH and BONUS!!! Blue Moon on tap. Yeah Baby!!! Gimme more!
<review# 1550,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2009,2/10/2009,283,451,43,23,22>Don't bring a girl here to break up with her.Westville is a great little restaurant, hidden on a side street whose one major flaw happens to be that it's small, meaning that the cold air will envelop you each time the door opens.And don't bring a girl here to break up with her.I had the poached salmon on a baguette, and it was delicious. The pesto sauce they used (they call it lemon dill, it tasted like pesto to me) was fantastic and even tasted great on the side salad that came with it (you can also get fries instead). Sure, I added mustard for a tangy taste, but I add mustard to everything.Also? Don't bring a girl here to break up with her.My companion had the crab burger (I don't see it on the menu online, but I swear she had it) and she loved it, fries and all. The smoky mac n' cheese is also enjoyable, on the level of a Fred's.Swear to all that's holy, don't bring a girl here to break up with her. The main downside I mentioned earlier? How small the restaurant is? Yeah, about that. When you're trying to have a really intimate, difficult conversation, it's entirely likely that the people bored by their inane existence will spend all their time listening to you as you attempt to delicately extricate yourself from this relationship.And they won't be coy about it, either.
<review# 1551,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/6/2008,6/25/2008,130,133,9,12,14>Red Bar & Lounge is a tucked away little place in Korea Town. Observe:I was tired. So tired I couldn't think straight when I made a left on 35th street. Amy S. told me instructed me to look for a sign that said simply "Red" climb the stairs and get ready for booze. I was prepped, both mentally and physically.When I found the sign, after some squinting and guessing it directed me up to a hallway that looked more like the entrance to a YMCA than a secret lounge in New York City. I opened the glass door and stepped into a sea of varying shades of (wait for it ...) red.That might have made the place sexy. Maybe even relaxing. But when I entered the lights were on full burn and the ambiance was nowhere to be found. I took a look at the bar: Modern, slick, vaugely European, cute bartender, cute waitress. The ingredients were there, but no one had put them together yet. If I made a suggestion, would it go over well?I turned the corner and found Amy S. chilling in a lounge area chock full of red couches. I took my place, introduced myself to her drinking companion and searched out the whiskey menu.It was elaborately put together, but the more prestigious bottle was a Glinlivit which didn't really shock me, considering how unimaginative the rest of the place was. The waitress, cute as a kitten wrapped in pie, took my order. Jameson, neat. Also known as the drink of kings.She brought back a shot of Jameson. No problem, we said. Just bring me one neat on the next round. "Do you think this place would be more interesting if you felt like some dirty shit went on on these couches at night?""Maybe, but I doubt it would help much.""They're pretty clean. So why are the walls so dirty.""Needs a paint job.""At least the waitress has a nice ass. She's cute as a kitten, wrapped in pie."The lounge area looks out onto 35th street. A street like any other. Store fronts that have been dipped in years of soot, rain and air conditioner drip. People walking around like they own the concrete. Red Bar & Lounge is just as unremarkable.
<review# 1552,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2008,6/24/2008,168,131,18,17,20>The Jakewalk has just opened, and this girl is giving it a rave review.No longer will you have to go scouring the neighborhood for a decent glass of wine AND something decent to munch on with it.  No more dark shoebox evenings at Sample or loud fusbol nights at Bar Tabac.  The alternative is this lovely spot on the corner of Smith and Sackett.  Owned by the same people who brought Smith & Vine (the wine store) and Stinky (the cheese shop) to Carroll Gardens, their newest venture has only been open for two weeks and I am definitely smelling a hit on their hands (or maybe it's just that wonderful robiola or aged gouda that they serve).  Offering 50 wines by the glass is bound to make everyone happy, no matter what varietal is your favorite.From now on, I'll be Jakewalking.I love how easy it is to turn nouns into active verbs these days.
<review# 1553,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2008,6/23/2008,99,109,25,12,15>Stumbled up the stairs to the bar after "Bachlorette Dinner #1" of the weekend.  Bachlorette Dinner #1 included copious amounts of wine, which leaves me with a somewhat blurry recollection of the evening and a hangover that made "Bachlorette Dinner #2" of the weekend something of a chore.That being said, the following is what I know about The Stanton Social:1.  Everything about the place is sexy.  Maybe even sexy enough to inspire me to make out with a super hot lawyer.  Uh, AND his girlfriend. 2.  Hmmmm.  Apparently there is no #2.  All I know is that The Stanton Social is super sexy and capable of inspiring straight girls like me to make out with straight girls like me. So....yeah.  That's what I know about The Stanton Social.
<review# 1554,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2008,6/20/2008,1916,875,43,24,24>I had a serious case of "Silly Fat American" here.  You see, my friends, it's easy to forget that Europeans stay so slim not because their food is any less caloric, but rather that they eat less of it at a time.  Yes, you can have pasta, bread, cheese, and even gelato every day as long as you don't eat a serving bowl, loaf, entire wedge, or gallon every day.  Portion control, people!  Stay with me, I swear I have a point here.Thus, while the sizes seem small and overpriced, the gelato is so rich and packed with all those fresh, high-quality, imported goods, that you really only need a small amount.  Being a silly fat American and having convinced myself that Tasti D is ice-cream, I paid $7 for a large of the buttery, chocolatey, biscuity Crema Di Grom (amazing), which i could barely finish.  Somehow I managed to down it all, but I would have been fine with the medium.  Silly Fat American!
<review# 1555,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2007,6/19/2008,241,290,27,24,25>SUGAR CURED BACON*almost*better than SEXoh man. ok, so i should just face it. I am not the vegetarian I claim to be. This was fuckin fantastic. I could not resist the pig.After I forced my most beloved yelper dining companions to an hour and a half wait...We started with brunchy type drinks in an overpriced small glass. No all you can drink at this place. Damn. They should lose a star, but they  are just so blissfully yummy. I can't.I got their famous wild maine blueberry pancakes. Had been dreaming of pancakes. Now, I'm dreaming of sugar cured bacon. Plates and plates of it. My stomach was not as big as my eyes, so I ordered a buttermilk biscuit, mixed berry scone and peanut choc chip cookie to go. And had them that night.  I think I ate well that day.Let's be clear - this place is fantastic - but I sincerely hope you don't want to wait and wait and wait for a seat here. SO I CAN  GET IN FASTER  :-P
<review# 1556,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2008,6/18/2008,130,215,19,24,26>Number 200!-----I've been to the Brooklyn Botanic Garden too many times within the past few weeks, but you can count on seeing me there more and more often as the days continue to get longer and longer. Where else in the city can you be in a desert setting, surrounded by cacti and aloe?Where else in the city can you see over 2200 different orchid plants?Where else in the city can you see a well-manicured bonsai collection in the same building as a tropical rainforest plant display? Where else in the city can you experience magnolias one month, tulips the next, and waterlilies following that, all from the same bench?Where else in the city can you take pictures of peonies larger than your head, and irises in every color imaginable?Where else in the city can you walk for hours on end and feel energized afterwards?Where else in the city can you smell over 1200 different varieties of roses in mid-June?Where else in the city can you see names like Tony Danza, Isaac Asimov, Lauren Bacall, Maurice Sendak, and Judge Judy next to each other?Where else in the city can you climb rocks deposited by glaciers from the last Ice Age?Where else in the city can you be surrounded by tens of thousands of cherry blossoms floating in the wind?Where else in the city can you learn about the native flora of New York and its environs, unchanged for about 400 years?Where else in the city can you see an Elizabethan-style garden made entirely of herbs?Where else in the city has a tactile and olfactory garden, where signs are in Braille and visitors are encouraged to touch the exhibits?Where else in the city can you find an English cottage garden that contains plants mentioned by Shakespeare in his plays and poems?Where else in the city can you sit down, read a book, listen to music, sketch, and play while surrounded by blue indigo flowers and bright blue bellflowers?Where else in the city can you fall in love with nature all over again?-----If Prospect Park were a girl, it would be the Brooklyn Botanic Garden.She's classy, sassy, and is more overt about her natural cycle.-----Seriously, when do you want to go with me? It's free on Tuesday. Every Tuesday.
<review# 1557,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2008,6/17/2008,64,161,18,20,20>Homer Simpson: Mmmmmmm Cannolis. Me: Filled to order, not too sweet, creamy and wonderful.Homer Simpson: Mmmmmmmm cookies.Me: Too many to mention, all amazing. Please, Homer stop licking the glass.Homer: Mmmmmmm glass. Homer: Mmmmmmm marzipan. Homer: Mmmmmmm handmade chocolate. Homer: Mmmmmmm cheesecake.Homer: Mmmmmmm Italian bread.Homer: Mmmmmmm gelato.Me: Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm *drool*Seriously, I've been going to Bruno's for cannolis more years than I can remember. It's not as quaint as it was before they remodeled some years ago, but it's still very nice. I actually think the pastry has managed to get better and better and there are certainly more offerings like the handmade chocolate. Spotlessly clean and well lit. It feels like a Hollywood set, but everything is real and probably delicious. Wheelchair Accessible: Yes. Ramped entry. Roomy seating compared to most bakeries.
<review# 1558,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2008,6/15/2008,266,19,33,14,22>Dear DuMont Burger,I want you inside me.Uhhh...I mean, strictly in the digestive way. I know that I have gotten around, tasting other burgers, but I really think you are the one. You are so juicy, and tender and BIG- I like 'em big. The way you wear that brioche bun with your no-frills lettuce, tomato, onions and not-from-a-jar pickles... it makes my mouth water just thinking of you. I also like when you bring a large heaping of your friend french fries around with you, for added pleasure. I also love how cool you are when I want to hang with your other delicious non-meat friends, like chickpea burger and mac n' cheese. Although, I didn't care for your friend onion rings- way too bland. I know that people think that you are scene-y, and you can be very crowded and cramped sometimes- but, hey- you are worth the wait! All I'm all trying to say is that I think we should take our relationship to the next level by seeing each other... once a week? That is usually the amount of time it takes for me to feel hungry again. What do ya say?Call me,Annie
<review# 1559,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2008,6/14/2008,485,350,25,24,21>The first Thurday (give or take a Thursday) of each month is my dinner group night.  We have a round robin, where each month a different person picks a restaurant and we go out and chow.  The group consists of four tech nerds (well, three plus me, because I AM NO NERD, nope. NO WAY. Notttt me, no), and the group has been going with some semblance of consistency since about 1998.Thursday, April 10, 2008 took us to Dinosaur Bar-B-Que, the choice of another member of the group.The answer is NO, they don't serve Bronto Burgers there, Wilma. Sheesh.So, what makes good barbeque? Ya know what? I have no freakin' idea. Why? Because I'm a Yankee, of course. I mean seriously, what do Yankees know about barbeque? NOTHING. We leave real knowledge of that stuff to our friends south of the Mason-Dixon. You wouldn't expect to a Texan to know what good pizza is, now wouldja? HELL NO! Fer chrissakes, they think Pizza Hut is ACTUALLY PIZZA. AYYYYYYY KNOW! (in the words of the immortal Craig Ferguson, who by the way, is my hero).I've eaten barbeque more than a few times in my life and this was definitely one of them.Highlights and lowlights:1. The Mac n' Cheese was freakin' SPIRITUAL. TO. DIE. FOR. (get several portions of that on the side, or better yet, see if you can sneak into the kitchen and snarfle your head around the pan, it's that good. YES, I said SNARFLE. Get over it.)2. The Deviled Eggs were also UNBELIEVABLE. My mouth is watering just thinking about them. I'm also the kind of guy who likes Miracle Whip, so that might explain it.3. It's a bit of a tradition with this group to have a bourbon before dinner, usually something boutique, often Knob Creek, Woodford Reserve, or something of that Ilk. They didn't have either of these as an option, so we asked for a recommendation from the waitress. Mistake-o numero uno. She made the fateful choice of recommending Wild Turkey "Honey" Bourbon.  If you: a) like cough medicine b) like to hurl c) like sickly sweet liqueur-type libations. d) like the idea of going into insulin shock.e) don't have Diabletes but have really been considering it as a lifestyle option.THEN...YOU MIGHT ACTUALLY LIKE THIS DEEESGUSTING BOURBON. Come to think of it, calling it "bourbon" is s sacrilege, and an affront to any decent, upstanding, real live bourbon made on the planet.Do you um, get the idea that I didn't like it? I only wish I could have taken pictures of the faces that were made while we were forcing ourselves to drink it just to get done with it. WOOOOOoooOOOF.But I digress.4. The ribs were tasty. They were pork.They had barbeque sauce on them. There were several other kinds of barbeque sauce on the table that I managed to slather all over my ribs with aplomb. I also added some of their nice habanero hot sauce.  The meat fell off the ribs with a modicum of effort. To my naive, ignorant Yankee palate, these were good ribs. Extremely tasty.6. The Brisket was good, if unremarkable.7. The Pulled Pork (dunno why, but I always get a really nasty picture in my head every time I see, hear or say that) was quite good, tender, and juicy. I'd go back for that as well.8. They had these "Salt" potatoes that looked like monkey balls.  They were pretty tasty as well, but let me tell you they tasted NOTHING like actual monkey balls. I've come to the conclusion that they were probably potatoes after all.We were far too full for desert.All in all, it was a very successful food evening. The trek is worth it, and there are lots of um, attractive Columbia students there as scenery.As a bonus, you can go to Fairway afterwards and get your cheese on. Fantastico.
<review# 1560,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2008,6/13/2008,193,768,19,24,25>All of this really happened.Maybe.Possibly.Possibly not.Came here tonight after dinner at nearby Sura with the previously mythical and mystical Sienna K., who seemingly appeared out of nowhere in a cloud of magical smoke. Now whether that smoke was real or not I can neither confirm nor deny because I was a bit drunk upon my initial entrance. I do know we came here to "load up" before we headed to PDT.I ordered a drink with vodka, ginger ale, lemon juice and something. I wish I remembered the name of it, and for some reason The Inconceivable comes to mind but I don't think thats it. Sienna had the Cloud Nine, and both drinks were delicious.  But that's not the best part.It was crowded tonight so we had to sit at the bar. At the bar was a gentleman named Chris. He noticed that I had a Red Sox ski cap on, and he was offended, because he's a die-hard Yankee fan. Not only that, his various cousins are publicists for the Yankees, the Jets and the Knicks. Want more? He's the district manager for the restaurants Amber, Amber II and two other restaurants that I don't remember. More? His uncle owns Maru in K-Town and he knows Matthew K., who designed Maru and calls him a visionary genius. Still more? His aunt owns Gagopa Karaoke in K-Town.  And yet even more? He bought a round of shots for me, Sienna and all the bartenders. Oh excuse me, he bought TWO ROUNDS of shots for me, Sienna and all the bartenders.  This dude Chris is deserving of his own review, but I'm here to talk about Angel's Share. So yeah, Angel's Share is a most awesome place. Even sitting at the bar was very enjoyable, not the least was the fact that Sienna and I were hella buzzed - oh sorry, Sienna and I had a grip of drinks and were mad buzzed.  Like she said, the joint is straight out of a shot in a Wong Kar Wai movie, with one of the bartenders even resembling Tony Leung. I loved that they were all dressed to the nines, with vests, white shirts, tie and the arm bands. Very Crazy 88'ish. Next time, hopefully we can score a table in the back lounge. But if we have to stay at the bar, and Chris is there, then we are parking ourselves at the bar. Chris made Angel's Share go from five stars to five billion stars. And he doesn't even work there!We never did make it to PDT, especially since we could barely make it down the stairs. And just like that, Sienna just *poofed* and disappeared, like the urban legend that she is. So I can neither confirm nor deny that she really existed, because I may have been really drunk and just imagined the whole thing.All of this really happened.Maybe.Possibly.Possibly not.
<review# 1561,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2008,8/24/2008,485,350,23,22,19>When I was a kid, I had a weekend ritual with my friend Shlomo. On a Saturday afternoon, I would journey out to his house in Flatbush on the D train (at the time) all the way from Bedford Park Blvd in The Bronx. It's a LONG ride. At some point around dinner time, he and I would depart his parents' house and head to Avenue J and get falafel sandwiches, take our sandwiches over to Midwood High School stadium, and sit behind the bleachers in the aisle and chow. Then we'd smoke our really bad nickel bag of weed and head over to watch Rocky Horror Picture Show at the Graham Theater, stoned out of our gizzards. Ah, them's were the days.Unbeknownst to me, I was walking right past pizza greatness over and over.  At that time, good NY pizza was less of a rare find than it is today. Back then even the average "joe slice," as I like to refer to it (a slice you could get at any local pizza joint), was decent. No such luck today. Ray's Pizza (the real orginal one on 11th St and 6th Avenue) pretty much sucks ass and disappoints on every level, and most places just cook a million pies with a zillion ingredients and leave them splayed out behind glass for you to choose from their overly cheesed, overloaded offerings. Yech. I see those places and I walk right by.As has been previously noted, this guy has craft. The pizza is freakin' delicious. In my view, you can absolutely NOT take stars off for the wait. If you go here, you know you're waiting. It's part of the experience. There's plenty to read on the walls, with reviews and accolades taking up most of the available space. There was even a group of folks that made an evening out of it by bringing two bottles of wine and staking out two tables at the back where they were patiently waiting for their pizza. Be prepared to wait. Take the experience in and enjoy.  There's so much going on in this place that it's hard to be bored.You DO have to keep an eye on things, because Dom is not the most organized fella. Pizza maker extraordinaire, absolutely. Man with a system, definitely; but making pizzas in order is not his forte. One of my favorite moments came after we'd been waiting almost an hour, and had watched people that had ordered after us pick up their pies and leave. Dom's daughter was there helping out this particular evening, taking orders, bringing him dough for new pies, and extra ingredients for the orders that called for them. At one point she'd brought a tray of ingredients that were clearly ours and put them on the pizza table for him to use on our pizza (half sausage, half pepperoni, all onion) which  sat there for about 15 minutes, untouched.  The exchange went as follows:Dom's daughter: "I'm really sorry, I don't know what he's doing."Me: "What do you mean? If YOU don't know what he's doing, we definitely don't!"Dom's daughter: "He keeps making plain regular pies and forgetting to put the extra ingredients on them."She shook her head and went in back. Soon enough Dom grabbed the tray of ingredients and put them on our future pizza.The pizza, when it finally arrived, one hour and twenty minutes after we'd walked in, was spiritual. Unfortunately, my half of it (I eat kind of fast) was consumed within about 7 minutes of arrival.  The crust is sublime, the sauce delicious, and the confluence of cheeses, all melted together is unparalleled.A few of observations (some new, some retreads):1. It's absolutely retarded to point out the decor or the cleanliness of this restaurant. If you want sterile, steel counter pizza, go elsewhere.  This place hasn't changed in 45 years and it's good, just like it is.2. I loved that, on the menu above the pizza table (and the old cash register that sits apparently unused and broken with the drawer wide open) it says:PIZZA SLICESREGULAR OR SQUARE               4.00and RIGHT underneath that:REGULER OR SQUARE               5.00(with toppings)You can't buy that kind of cool. REGULER. It's fantastic.3. Proof that Darwinism has gone horribly awry with regard to humans (this has been pointed out, but I have to repeat it because it's so unreal):People actually do show up to this place for SLICES. In case you didn't notice, the prices for slices are clearly designed to dissuade you from ordering them. In my view, you need to be relieved of your privileges as a human if you do this. The idea that you would show up for a slice is completely unfathomable. If you are reading this and have done it, please, PRETTY PLEASE, find a painless way of taking your own life. Soon. This is clearly just one of the more minor manifestations of your abject stupidity, and you need shuffle off this mortal coil before you hurt someone with actual brains by accident. I'm serious. Help the human race, off yourself.Just sayin'.Go eat Di Fara while this guy is still cranking out pies. It's more than worth the trip.
<review# 1562,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2008,8/22/2008,143,193,13,14,14>Bobby Flay kicks so much ass at Kitchen Stadium, it's unreal. He wipes the floor with some of the riffraff that attempt to tarnish his title of Iron Chef. So I was alittle surprised to see him get shot down on 'Throwdown' the other night by a small little spot over in my hood called 'Caracas'. To my dismay Operation Arepas was a dismal failure for the culinary God of God's. My immediate reaction..."Shit, I have to get me one of those things." Indeed I did. Holy crap, they are unreal. I've ordered there twice since. Caracas Arepas are literally the prefect food! Seriously, do yourself a favor and go eat there as soon as possible. Absolutely worth the wait BTW!
<review# 1563,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/3/2008,8/21/2008,171,97,31,13,18>So now that I've opened my own store and don't have to be at work until noon, I can do things like go to east village bars after midnight on weekdays and see what the kids are up to when all the office workers are tucked in for the night. Let's take a closer look, shall we?I arrive at SB3 to meet a friend and we go downstairs to get a drink. There's a minuscule dance floor complete with disco ball, hipsters shuffling around to old school hip hop, girls trying to score with the bartender, girls trying to score coke and a man burrowing his face in a bar stool. Upon closer inspection, I see that there is a ginormous cat on a leash sitting there. Being an animal lover, I immediately gravitate towards the cat and as I pet it, his owner leans in and explains:"I'm gay, but my cat loves fucking women!!!!"Me: "Pardon? Your cat loves fucking women?"Him: "He fucking loves women! You know what I mean."Me: "Clearly."I continue on with my drink, vacillating between thinking that this place is totally awful and kind of awesome at the same time. Then one of the DJ's comes up to me and kisses me on the cheek. He is not your normal, east village DJ. This guy looks like a vampire straight out of Blade, dressed in a black suit, black dress shoes, black sunglasses, full length silver finger adornments and authentic fucking fangs where teeth should be. You can't make this shit up. Then he says to me, "I'm in love with you." Mind you, I am uncharacteristically prepped out, wearing a raw silk plaid tank top, rolled jeans and reef flip flops. You couldn't dream up a more mismatched couple. So I reply coyly, "You don't even know me." He says, "I don't need to know you."  Shortly thereafter he returns, eyes me up and down and says, "if there were whipped cream, we'd be in trouble." Really!  So all it would take was a can of whipped cream and we'd be going at it, procreating and making preppie vampire babies??? Right.Actually, preppie vampire babies would probably grow up and dominate the world. Perhaps I will give this a second thought.
<review# 1564,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2008,8/20/2008,394,41,17,16,21>i'm on a 5-star review kick.  i will only review places which are EXCEPTIONAL in one or more categories and will knock your socks off.to add to this list, BAGEL ZONE.i actually remember when this place started out.  Al (owner) was super-cool (i think that's the california version of cool) and he is at once warm, inviting, friendly... one of the best, brightest, most genuine smiles you'll see.    just like his shop.   a crazy shop at that, which looks like an old antique sale...except i don't dare ask if any of that stuff is for sale because they feel like his family heirlooms or something.now MOST bagelshops have family heirlooms and they're called "last week's bagels".   not this shop - they are always warm and toasty and i SECOND the nomination for no-toasting (as leslie R did - scroll up or down depending on how many votes she has, as we're in direct competition).i always get #2 (lox, cc, tom, onion)...but instead of the cc i go for tofu scallion because it WILL knock your socks off.   it's the best brunch-time sandwich (and only $5.99!) in the east village any SAT or SUN... and when i'm writing music / lyrics and all that crap i go to bed at 3 or 4, wake up at 12, head down there at 2 or 3pm for breakfast (because just like you, no matter what time i eat my first meal of the day, i eat breakfast).and that damned sandwich is so fricken' tasty...that i will eat there until my last living days on this earth.   or until i leave nyc.   or until they close down.   which i hope never happens.i've probably known Al for 20 cumulative minutes over 10 years' time.  he's helped me thru a couple relationships, been there for me, offered friendly advice, helped me thru some heartache with his kind words. all the while ringing me up.he's like god (in those movies where the character in the corner that you least expect is god).  but if they had "what if god was one of us" song playing in that movie i would have to get up and leave.and so would Al - because he is a man of class and genuine character.check out Al's BagelZone.   always there for you.
<review# 1565,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2008,8/19/2008,349,349,51,50,54>The starting point of abstinence is often an inherent belief that what gives pleasure eventually causes pain.  Before legions of Yelpers, fresh from lurking or working the talk threads, mistake my reference to things dirty, I should clarify that I only have such indulgences in mind as pastries, cheese and, perhaps, well-paying jobs on Wall Street.  While I might be correct in linking abstinence to a preemptive strike from a strong mind, I am likely wrong in assuming that "legions of Yelpers" bother to read my reviews.L'Arte is an indulgence.  You could abstain from their gelato and avoid the pain of working out, but here are some reasons you shouldn't --- The menu comprises two dozen choices of gelato and sorbet- They encourage free sampling -- as many as you'd like to try- The service is friendly, even if dispassionate on occasion- Even when the lines are long, they move quickly- The gelato is smooth in texture, and the ingredients seem fresh- L'Arte is understated cool, more so than Grom- Capogiro in Philadelphia is not a practical option- The gelato is topped off with a spoon of a random flavor!                                                                  ,   ,   Random                                                        ,  ,  '   ?    ',   ,   ,                                                     ,  '          '   ,  '               '   ,                                              \ '                      ,                      ' /                                               \   Pistachio  ,   Tiramisu  /                                                  \                     ,                   /                                                   \________________/Need I say more?   L'Arte's well-pedigreed gelato comes at a premium price, but for pistachio, mascarpone, tiramisu, biscotti or stracciatella of this caliber, I would all but give up my entire bank balance.  If only I lived in the West Village, I would constantly indulge in their party packs and gelato cakes.  And pay daily visits to load up on their cups and cones of gelato.  But then, recent pictures of my increasingly spindle-shaped physique suggest that it might finally be time to abstain.
<review# 1566,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2008,8/17/2008,107,154,32,27,31>I've been in an open relationship for over two years now. It all began as a matter of convenience, but I have to admit, I've grown fond of him. And though I've imagined that in my youth I'll be seeing someone a little more hip and trendy, I have to admit that I've fallen for his quirks, quiet nature, and intelligence. But if I have one complaint, it's that we never go anywhere nice to eat. It's always the same old General Tso's chicken at the cheap Chinese place or the same sandwich and fries at the deli. So every now and then...I see others. Woah, woah, woah! Before we get really excited here about my infidelity, I should confess that my significant other is my neighborhood--Morningside Heights. And while I adore the little eccentricities of the "New York Acropolis," the dining scene is on the sad side of mediocre; eating out means getting bad Chinese food from Ollie's or eating a NYPD sub from Hamilton Deli or such. Grabbing coffee is even worse, as the best place for coffee in the neighborhood (Oren's) doesn't even have a place to sit. No wonder I'm forced to cheat on my neighborhood! And that's why Max Cafe is such a nice surprise--it's a little bit of downtown here in boring old Morningside Heights. It's just when like when you thought you knew your significant other, had accepted the fact that's he's not into fancy things, and he pulls a little trick like this. Max Cafe is a gorgeous little cafe up in Amsterdam Avenue with pretty good food and decent drinks.  While most places in the neighborhood didn't put too much into the decor, Max Cafe is a aesthete's delight. A great dark wood French window opens up nearly half the store to the beautiful afternoon sun. In companion to the revealed brick walls that's now the norm for any establishment trying to put on a picturesque front, the cafe also utilizes the lush carmine red paint and velvet curtains to give off a feel of a bohemian decadence. A gorgeous press tin ceiling with intricate embossments is made to look slightly rusted. Antique-looking lighting fixtures dot the store. Wine bottles are displayed along the walls and ad to the charm. The seating is made up plush and luxurious antique-looking sofas; though visibly worn down, the Rococo inspired furniture still hold a sense of opulence. The food is really great cafe food. Though it's a bit high end for Morningside Heights (Chinese food central) standards, it's also one of the better light meals you could find in the neighborhood. I'm a huge fan of the parma panini; a lovely and delicious ciabatta bread is sliced horizontally across, dressed with delicate extra virgin olive oil, toasted, and then pressed with flavorful prosciutto, milky mozzarella, and fresh basil. It also comes with a side of salad; though simple and with few ingredients, it's delicious because its balsamic dressing is amazingly tart yet sweet, simple, and light. The coffee is alright. They're espresso is standard and what you would expect from a cafe that doesn't specialize in coffee; not the most select beans, not the best foam, but still drinkable. As for their regular American coffee, I've had some good cups, and I've also had some awful sour cups. Their wines are unremarkable and prices are New York cafe standard. The wines aren't the best ever, but they're very much enjoyable nonetheless, and Max Cafe is a great place for a glass of wine around dusk as the place brings out small candles; I end up here on early evenings when my friends and I want a nice quiet place for a drink, but are too burnt out for a trip down town. This place is also the best place for a date around here. Most of the time, the place is relaxed and buzzing with a small crowd; whether it's wine or coffee, Max Cafe is always a pleasant place to be.  But if my dear Morningside Heights has such a darling place, why do I cheat? I think there's some incongruence issues of the store that makes it uncomfortable at times. Part of it is that it feels out of place at Morningside Heights. In the morning and early afternoon, you'll find studious customers trying to read or working on their computers; while this maybe the norm at most cafes, Max Cafe is actually an awful place to catch up on work as the lighting is bad, the music (while great) is a little too loud, and the tables are always uncomfortably low in comparison to the sofas. Don't get me wrong, I love Morningside Heights, but a girl needs a change of scenery now and then. Besides, it's not like Morningside Heights is the victim here; my neighborhood cheats on me with grad students and Barnard girls.
<review# 1567,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2008,8/16/2008,287,215,19,21,19>Do you want the award for coolest wife of the year?  Then, for your next date, simply suggest that your and your Mr. make an appearance anywhere involving scantily-clad women.  Ding, ding -- we have a winner!Just to be clear, this wife in particular isn't into full-fledged strip joints by any means, so thank goodness for pasties and cute costumes!  I'm not sure what it is, but there's something about those few inches of strategically-placed fabric that keep me in my comfort zone.  And the performers seem to genuinely enjoy themselves (as opposed to the sad, strung-out alternative), which makes the ambiance much more Vaudeville-Variety than Hustler-Hoochie.All in all, we spent $10 each on the cover and $8 each for a few drinks (no drink minimum), while enjoying Wednesday's "Offensive Women" comedy show, followed by the burlesque.  This definitely wouldn't be the kind of place I'd bring my 'rents, but if you're looking to entertain your friends, open-minded visitors or your man with something different and fun, slip into the Slipper Room!
<review# 1568,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2008,8/15/2008,686,427,24,20,20>I'll be dead honest.  When me & my crew first came here in 97, the ONLY reason we even stepped foot in this place was because of the troubles with the Limelight.  I will admit that Webster Hall has always impressed me and it was our club of choice after Limelight closed again...and again...and again.Webster Hall became our frequent spot on many occasions and it was mainly for the atmosphere and music.  Don't even get me started on the space of this place.  It's huge as hell!!  If you're like me on the dance-floor doing your thing in your own world of bone-crushing bass and then you get bumped by some dip-wad in a suit with his too skinny, too pale, water-cress sandwich eating date, you're gonna be pissed.  That was the ONLY thing I didn't like about Limelight.  No space to dance sometimes.In Webster Hall, you can take over on the dance-floor especially in the main ballroom.  We would do rooms by nights.  One night, we would be in the 80's room for 5 hours just fucking having fun, man.  The next night, on the stage for the whole night in the main ballroom.  That stage was meant for me and my glow-sticks.  No doubt.Fellas, you ever notice when you bring girls to this spot, how long before they're gawking at the all-beef male go-go dancers?  It's funny cuz the girls try to play it smooth, "Oh no, I'm not looking at that king muscle guy in his bikini briefs."  Whatever girl.  Baby, I got junk like that too!!!  Also, I'm not doing the same dance move all night long, but that's cool; you go on with "Mr. Beefy Silver Brief KING Junk Man."I've always felt a part of me is infused within the bricks of that place.  My soul is forever on that stage with the fucking hottest, hardest beats in the city.  Too bad the CDs don't match the experience.  The only reason it loses a star is because it's NOT the Limelight.  Plain & simple.
<review# 1569,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2007,8/14/2008,299,846,21,20,17>The experience of eating at Ali's Kebab Cafe is only trumped by the food. My god. The place is as wide as two picnic tables, as long as four. The first half of the establishment is Ali's Kitchen. You walk in and you will see AMAZING food sitting there, waiting for you. I knew I found love, only a few seconds after entering the door. People treat Ali like he is one of the gods on easter island - which he actually resembles. There is a process by which the ordering takes place here. As Ali walks up to your table, everyone quiets and pays attention... he then speaks in a very deliberate Egyptian-accented English describing the specials of the day. "We have Fish, We have Meat, We have Vegetabitarian...What is your pleasure for today?"His overpronunciation makes everything sound delicious. He is like an opera singer of the kitchen. Even during the meal, when he announces to other tables, it's nearly impossible not to turn your attention away. This is a street show that repeats every 15 minutes and I have to watch each one. We were brought our food by the man himself, as was the case for most of the room.There is nothing he touches that doesn't turn to gold. He reached in and took out the spine of my friends fish with his bare hands right on our table. He could have fucking deboned it with his tongue and we would have still thought he was still charming as hell. Our food came out very fast, considering the place was PACKED with 10 other people.  Not slow at all. I've gone twice (in 3 days) and each time the wait was perfectly normal. Suggestions? If I have to... any whole fish. some shank of some sort. and something you've never had before: brains, tongue/cheek, cows foot or mountain oysters(server's recommendation). I only was able to check the first one. See you again, Ali.
<review# 1570,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/12/2007,8/12/2008,157,490,25,26,26>"Throwing pearls before the swine" was the recurring thought in my mind as I saw the server slowly pour the cappuccino from the ceramic cup into a disposable one, after the customer changed his order from "stay" to "go". I stepped back, aghast, as this was the most elaborate cappuccino art that I had EVER seen in a New York bakery and it was all going waste. When I later asked the server, Tan, about her skills she confirmed my suspicion of having been trained by one of the baristas at Ninth Street Espresso."how sweet it is" is a recently opened retail outlet on the LES, even though the co-owners Ellen and Beth, have had a custom pastry and cake studio for a while. On display is an extensive array of sweets, enough to boggle the mind of a customer casually walking into the store. But, that is exactly why you're reading this review, right? To avoid the minefields of empty and soulless calories that litter the bakeries of New York! On a related note, there is no accounting for good taste, a point reinforced to me by two patrons trying to outdo each other in proving who the bigger snob was! In an enactment of Beavis and Butthead, one of them snickered: "You know, I don't like cupcakes or chocolate chip cookies". Not to be left behind, the other one boasted: "You know, I just don't like chocolate". It appears that many people confuse being a tool, with being cool! I would think the shop would do better with a narrower product range. They have plenty of forgettable offerings: Macarons, Opera Cake, Baklava Purses, Italian Trio Cake, Honey Caramel Panna Cotta, Brownies, etc. At the same time, they also have some intriguing options: Lemony Cheesepuffs, Goat Cheesecake with candied Kumquats on a Kataifi nest (interesting variation to the expected Graham cracker crust), Guiness Spiced Cake, Chocolate Cherry Pistachio Biscotti... to name just a few.Ellen (who deserves special mention for soliciting honest feedback) and I had a long debate over their cupcakes - Red Velvet, Carrot, Key lime, Devil's Food, etc. - given the fact that they are all "filled", and thus refrigerated. My point was that people want to wolf down a cupcake right where and when they see it, as opposed to taking it home and waiting for an hour or more for it to thaw. I suspect that the fillings in the cupcakes stem from a desire to distinguish themselves from the nearby Sugar Sweet Sunshine. If patience is your forte, do take the cupcakes home. They are quite good.To me, their star act is the Chocolate Caramel tart with sea salt. After the earlier hit or miss experiences, it is totally disorienting for the taste buds - as if someone had switched the music from a moody conversation between guitar and sax to one that allows for a sensuous Latin Tango. Every bite of the tart is an indulgence where the extravagance of the generous caramel is countered by the restraint of the melting salt crystals.One must highlight the somewhat inconvenient location. When I first visited, one of the servers had remarked that she had noticed the sense of purpose I appeared to have while crossing the street. It was late in the evening and she had made the assumption that I was making a stop after dinner at a LES restaurant.  Not so, I responded and mentioned that I had made the trip from uptown just to check them out. Impressed, she inquired if the late dessert wouldn't impact my dinner plans. I asked her if, as a child, she had never wished to skip dinner and just have dessert. When she replied in the affirmative, I added, "Well, I just never grew up." :)
<review# 1571,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2010,1/25/2011,227,484,11,19,21>4 #1's and 8 egg rolls to go!I read and studied all the reviews & tips before arriving.  I was so excited!  I walked in and no there were no customers.  I wondered if I was in the wrong store.As soon as I saw the large picture menu of banh mi's, I knew all was good.  I ordered the above and took it over to my sisters.  My sister recommended this place as well.The fillings are really fresh, you can tell because the cilantro was nice and crisp and not limp and soggy.  I've never tried the number #1 with the pork pate.  Not being a huge fan of pate, I wasn't eager to try it on a sandwich, but my sister insisted.  Normally I stick to the grilled pork banh mi's because I prefer the sweeter marinade flavor.  The #1 didn't disappoint.  It's my favorite Banh mi so far!  I can't wait to come back.  The egg rolls per Wing L's suggestion were really good too!  They're quite large for the typical Vietnamese spring rolls but crispy on the outside and filled with delicious pork & vermicelli filling.PS - They have traditional canned/boxed Asian drinks such as lychee, black tea & chrysanthemum teas, and grass jelly.  They also make bubble teas.
<review# 1572,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2010,1/24/2011,271,252,25,15,19>Out of control. My dog's hair, that is. Wiry and coarse, it resembles the texture of pipe cleaners when left untamed. Something had to be done. And fast.I e-mailed District Dog about their prices. Their response? "Sorry, we're not doing grooming at the moment." What kind of groomers are you?I'm glad this happened. I'm one of those people who believe everything happens for a reason, the believer who thinks it's fate when he arrives right on time as the L train pulls in. I called LLD to ask about prices. I knew the voice on the other side belonged to someone friendly when I asked more and more questions and he kept saying, "Yes, go on" in a very non-cynical voice.I dropped my dog off and knew he was in good hands. They were willing to listen to what I wanted.I went back 4 hours later (which he warned me about) and didn't recognize my dog. In the best way. He was beautiful. If I wanted Michelangelo to paint/sculpt my dog, this would be the time. (Yes, I know. He's dead. Michelangelo, not my dog)If that isn't enough to persuade you, there's a White Castle next door.
<review# 1573,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2011,1/23/2011,361,716,10,25,21>There's Canada and then there's Quebec. Quebec is an entirely different kettle of fish from anglophone Canada, far more European feel and outlook on life. When I squeezed myself in through the foyer of the 50s style metallic diner, I heard the melodic sound of French being barked to the waiters, saw the carefully executed dishes finished off on the counter, and everyone working fast, furiously, but with a smile and elan, I knew I would be in good hands.M. Wells (M is for magasin, French for store) is a diner, but, oh, what a diner it is. Hugue Dufour of the Au Pied de Cochon fame in Montreal and his wife, Sarah Obraitis, carefully renovated this place to retain all of the characteristic diner vibe of an open kitchen, a long bar where you see the cooks slinging hash, and some booths. They did put in a long table at one end of the diner so they can accommodate parties larger than 4. I arrived during Sunday brunch prime time (patrons were crammed in any free space there was available in the diner), but the hostess quickly squeezed me in at the bar. BTW, a coat rack is available in the vestibule off to the right end of the diner when you walk in.I ordered the egg-sausage breakfast sandwich and coffee. I didn't have much expectation for the coffee,  but I was so wrong. It was rich and strong and didn't turn into a sandy color the moment I put in a single drop of milk. Ah! Just how I wanted to start my Sunday morning, er, afternoon. I thought I made great egg English muffin sandwiches, but M. Wells' is out of this world EPIC. First of the all, the breakfast sausage is like no other sausage that I've ever had before. I'm pretty sure they must make it. Pure porky goodness with a velvety smooth texture (in between the texture of pork sausage and foie gras). The sausage has a lovely sage overtone. Perfectly cooked silky smooth scrambled eggs that were draped over the breakfast sausage like a curtain. The pickled jalapeno gave a spicy kick to the sandwich. A slice of tomato and melted cheddar cheese inside the largest English muffin that I've ever seen. This was a huge breakfast sandwich. I LOVED it.The only quibbles that I have was that 1) the menu didn't list mayonnaise as being in the sandwich, which is a problem for me because I can't eat mayonnaise without getting really sick afterward, so M. Wells, please kindly fix your menu, 2) the texture of the English muffin was entirely too soft. I would have preferred a crisper muffin so that way the sandwich had a crunchy aspect to it because otherwise everything was the same soft texture. We need variety in our sandwich, not only with ingredients, but with texture too, and 3) Not sure if the cheddar cheese added anything to the sandwich because I couldn't taste it.Still this was absolutely amazing. The sandwich was so big that I couldn't finish all of it. Even though I only had three or four bites left, it was sooooo good that I couldn't bear the idea of leaving it behind so the waiter kindly wrapped it up for me. Yes, it was *that* good. A portion so small that I would have normally told them to discard it, instead I squirreled it away to enjoy and savor at a later time.M. Wells has all sorts of delicious things waiting for you to try. For the culinary adventurous, M. Wells has such delicacies, such as pickled pork tongue sandwich, crispy chicken skins, and blood sausage hash. If these things don't appeal to you, don't worry, they have more standard Quebecoise fare, like tourtiere (meat pie) and the thickest, juiciest pork chops to tempt you with.Although Traif and M. Wells are two entirely different styles, both restaurants celebrate the glory that is the pig. Brooklyn may have Traif, but *we* have M. Wells.
<review# 1574,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2011,1/22/2011,520,724,8,15,14>This café started to serve food and their menu is growing weekly. The one item that caught my eyes is the Myanmar (Burmese) Fish Broth Noodle soups (mohinga).The menu have three modhinga items-1. Myanmar Fish Broth Noodle Soup- $4.002. Myanmar Fish Broth Noodle Soup with Vegetables -$4.50 3. Myanmar Fish Broth Noodles Soup with Fish- $5.00This is my first time trying mohinga so I got the simple fish broth noodle soup with rice vermicelli ($4).The broth was slightly spicy and flavorful; it was light on chili and light on cilantro; I prefer more spice. The Kyaw (yellow spit pea crackers) added a nice texture to the soft rice vermicelli and the sliced hard-broiled egg is a nice touch. At $4 for a large bowl of soup on a cold day is delightful. My lunch buddy had the pork chop over rice dish for $4.25. He said it was very good; he would have like some hot sauce on the side but was too hungry and busy eating to ask.
<review# 1575,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2011,1/21/2011,316,268,19,28,29>Your favorite noodle place is probably some hole in the wall on a bustling Chinatown street. No frills, kind of dingy, fluorescent lighting. The kind of place that doesn't invite lingering after your meal. You let those things  pass to sample a nice bowl of noodle soup for a mere few bucks. Well, Hung Ry is not your favorite noodle place - at least not yet.Nestled on Bond St. where expensive, trendy food for good looking people make themselves home, lies Hung Ry - A modern yet humble establishment that is just a few months old. Whether you choose to sit on the church pews that line the wall or up at the bar to watch the chef thwack those noodles, the owner and staff are quick to welcome you and proudly recommend some dishes.Appetizers are under $10 and immediately show off the chef's creative executions and skills without sacrificing taste. The squid appetizer was unexpected - an evolved 'salt pepper squid' of some sort, complete with crispy squid rings and tentacles, toasted pumpkin seeds and a killer guajillo chili paste you'll want to mop up with the last bits of squid. The short rib with daikon and shiso was also really good although the foam looked to be an aesthetic addition they could do without. The flour used for the noodles is organic while the other ingredients are locally sourced, if that's what matters to you. Needless to say, the noodle soups (from $12 up to $20 for their lobster offering) are insanely delicious, introducing updated flavors into the much loved Asian comfort food. The broth in my smoked pork belly noodle soup was rich without being too oily or heavy. The broth had enough depth to compliment rather than compete with the smokiness from the silky pork belly and tongue, roasted radishes and brussel sprouts. My dining companion's bowl of noodle soup with duck breast/leg, Szechuan and roasted peppers was another treat. Generous tender pieces of duck swim in a rich broth with hints of spices that enhances the dish rather than overwhelm it. The noodles, whether you like them thick or thin, are cooked perfectly - a worthy vehicle to help slurp up that broth.The owner was walking about throughout our stay, checking in on us, overseeing the dining room, and taking drink orders. We graced him with positive feedback that brought a warm smile to his face. A confirmation to him that we will soon be returning to eat our way through the menu.In a city where ramen is king in the higher end of the noodle spectrum and hole-in-the-wall cheap noodle places reign supreme, Hung Ry successfully stakes it claim in the market. Higher priced Asian food is something I don't eagerly venture out to try and can be hard to swallow when cheap, delicious options can be had all over the city. However food of this quality and caliber are well deserving of the slightly higher premium especially since their bold, fresh offerings pay homage to an Asian staple while introducing something new for everyone to enjoy.[Dedicated to Mohammad R. for the heads up on Hung Ry and his drool worthy photos.]
<review# 1576,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2010,1/20/2011,552,567,37,27,40>Growing up is the process of revoking, one after the other, the principles espoused by the You of Yore. "I will never, ever let work impede on my quality of life.""Taxis are wasteful.""I will never, ever smoke cigarettes.""I hate the Meatpacking District."I was fumbling for a cigarette as I paid the cabbie, scowling, because I got held up at work and was late for dinner. The High Line was slumbering overhead and saucy Del Posto was sulking across 10th Avenue, when glass doors and red curtains parted, and principle, Parliaments, and prejudices all fell away as I was admitted into a glimmering, lavish dream sequence of a future perfect. I spotted my assigned patron god to this elysian paradise seated at the bar. He turned to greet me -I saw that he'd assumed the snappy form of Chun L. in business formal- as beautiful women floated by to take my coat, pour me water, smile. He led me up to an airy, gleaming dining room where a partition made of the silver-green souls of screenwriters-turned-bond-traders seemed to undulate under a light that was at once soft and bright.My patron god (his body is his temple) genially allowed me a seat with a view of the open kitchen. From here, I observed an effortlessly smart-seeming patronage at the height of their powers: young, rich, elegant, charming, hopeful. No jostling elbows, or spilled food or drink, or outdoor voices. Instead: spacious, gracious laughter, repartee, mild celebration.  I sipped chenin blanc, while we ordered a smorgasbord of giant appetizers to serve as our meal - rock shrimp tempura, Iron Chef ramen, ten-hour-pork over congee, foie gras oysters, and a trio of maki rolls (which, in light of the feast that preceded it, went a little neglected). The oysters (blanched, and served with seared foie gras and a dollop of uni) was the culinary carnation of an orgasm. Food tastes like orgasms here! The rest was tasty and beautiful, if not nearly so special. Following dinner, I ordered several delicious, calpico-sweetened, yuzu-infused cocktails at the bar downstairs - which was clean and gleaming - heaven's afterparty. It soon came time to be spit back out into the grimy, burnt-black world outside Morimoto. When the angel at the entrance handed me my coat, and asked if I'd had a nice evening. I almost fell into her arms, weeping. Don't even get me started on the bathrooms.
<review# 1577,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2010,1/19/2011,646,1303,10,23,19>My go-to steakhouse in New York City begins with the letter "P".  No, not that one.  I don't really enjoying thinking weeks in advance whether or not I will be hungry for something as common as a steak, and I certainly don't want to be told what to order either.  No, for me, the Palm Tribeca is where it is at.  At the Palm they easily accommodate walk-ins though we made reservations just to be sure.  The atmosphere is decidedly relaxed, helped considerably by drawings of celebrities and politicians along all of the walls.  The service is friendly and inviting too.  I am pleased to report though that while the dining environment is casual, the food standards are not compromised in the least.  I opted for a porterhouse steak and a side of three cheese potatoes.  The porterhouse weighed in at a commanding 28 ounces and was about 1000 calories all by itself.  This was aged, prime grade meat prepared perfectly at medium rare, and it was absolutely delicious!  I was so pleased that they cooked it properly; often with bone-in steaks, there can be considerable variation in doneness throughout the steak, but that was definitely not the case here.  The steak was so tender and really was a delight to eat.  The potatoes were served family style, which was a treat for my girlfriend and I to work through.  The potatoes were tender and the cheeses came together well -- another delight, since often multiple cheeses can just amount to clunky mounds of salty fat.  Here, I really enjoyed the creaminess of the dish.To drink, I was pleased that they had an extensive number of nice selections of wine by the glass.  I opted for a Super Tuscan that held up well to the demands of the porterhouse.  Better yet, they offered it in quartino size, which was perfect for pairing purposes.  After the main course, I opted to sit out dessert and just have coffee, given the substantial size of my dinner.  However, my girlfriend was taking advantage of a 4-course special that included an appetizer and dessert.  Apparently the staff didn't want me to sit alone while my girlfriend ate her dessert, so they brought me out a slice of cheesecake on the house.  Wow!  I was really impressed by this gesture.  Mind you, this was no sliver of cheesecake.  What was presented to me was a mammoth slice sitting atop a strawberry drizzle with fresh schlag, made in-house, served on the side.  Delectable and wonderful!  It was such a pity that I could not finish it -- literally, too much food in all!The general manager was kind enough to pay his respects at our table and ask us if we enjoyed everything -- we did.  The waiter returned and explained the rewards program they have:  the 837 club.  Basically you receive advance word on monthly specials, receive the $25 membership fee back as a discount on your next visit, and send you coupons for free food on your birthday.  As an 837 card carrying member, might I add, that this is quite the bargain.  Definitely recommend.4.5 stars
<review# 1578,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2010,1/18/2011,266,463,21,28,29>i've long admired this enchanting little storybook row on atlantic avenue, and happily i wandered into nunu seeking the solace of caffeine. the woman who helped (i believe she is the owner) was kind enough, after a bit of discussion of supersizing in america, to make me a cortadito. she asked me what it was and how to make it. a cortadito is a wee cup of cuban coffee, otherwise known as cafe con leche, made with espresso. it's a bright and airy place and a peaceful place to recharge one's batteries. i couldn't help but admire the kitchen, the place of chocolate making magic. i purchased an assortment of chocolates for my husband, and as we know, chocolate like most good things in life, is best shared. i emerged from nunu, almost feeling like a nunu.*about the chocolates:thankfully, they are all made of dark chocolate. why? because justine likes working with dark chocolate. we ate the caramel peanut and cashew blends. they were perfect. they were absolutely, 100%, perfect.they also have wine, and for those that are looking for south african wine, you can find it here!*according to the blurb on the chocolate box " 'nunu' is an affectionate nickname for little kids in africa" (where the owner spent her childhood)
<review# 1579,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2010,1/17/2011,472,510,12,19,17>Honestly, who needs to go to New England to experience fresh, amazing lobster when you've got Red Hook Lobster Pound in Brooklyn?!?  Not I.  That first bite of the Maine Style Lobster sandwich, made me feel in my bones, that I was somewhere on the tip of the oceans in Rockland, enjoying the best catch of the day.  Granted these were Maine lobsters, I was still transfixed.  The white bread is slightly toasted with some charring on the outside, but soft like marshmellow when you bite into it.  Along with that soft texture of the bread is the buttery and cool snap of the steamed lobster flesh, tenderly dressed in mayo and other magical seasonings happening in these vats at RHLP.  Paired with a crisp pickle, a bag of cape cod chips and a bottle of lemon lime soda, this was by far the highlight of my Red Hook Food Tour.The CT-style roll is served warm with butter and no mayo.  I tried a bite of it, but quickly realized that a cold lobster sandwich befits my palate a bit more.  Another popular item here is their whoopie pie.  This chocolately-goodness was the main draw for a couple friend of mine who decided to pass on the lobster, but shared (and dominated) a whoopie pie.  I didn't try any as I was way too stuffed (and needed room for the "swingle" experience that was to occur shortly after), but it sure looked pretty (damn) good.The lobster roll will set you back about $18 with the drink, but look at all the money you'd be saving if you nixed that lobster trip to Maine and just stick to good ol' BK.  You'd be having lobster sandwiches all summer long.
<review# 1580,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2010,1/16/2011,80,212,26,21,15>There aren't too many neighborhoods at the very end of subway lines that qualify as food destinations. There's Flushing, of course, and Brighton Beach/Coney Island. I certainly would not have labeled the uptown end of the 3 train, up in Harlem, as such a neighborhood. Indeed, Charles' Country Pan Fried Chicken is comically far from any other point of interest to me (except Highbridge Park). But who needs another point of interest? This is fried chicken we're talking about.It's set up as the star of an all-you-can-eat buffet, lying in a set of warming trays that are meant to be used for both eating in and takeout. I noted to my disappointment that when I walked in, it wasn't quite fresh chicken, but I was on a schedule and didn't have time to wait for a new batch. I ponied up my $15, picked up a styrofoam plate, and began.The collard greens had that wetness I love about soul-food preparations of them and were tasty enough, though not spectacular. Sweet potatoes were much the same. The mac and cheese, however, was revelatory. Charles Gabriel could singlehandedly put S'mac and Macbar out of business if he served just his mac and cheese out of a cart or something downtown.As for the chicken, in the name of research, I took no fewer than four pieces. For not-quite-fresh fried chicken, it was shockingly moist. In fact, it took me a surprisingly long time to realize that my first bites were from a breast piece -- it had that wet mouth feel that I associate with dark meat. The crust was crisp and thin in a lovely way. I have to admit, I was disappointed that I wasn't eating it straight from the pan, but it was definitely credible fried chicken.And then a new batch came out.By this time, I'd almost finished the four pieces, as well as a piece of baked chicken, not to mention the three generous portions of sides I mentioned above (well, four really, because my serving of mac and cheese was huge). But it looked to be the man himself, Mr. Gabriel, tonging the fresh, glistening fried chicken into the warming trays. I couldn't resist. I got a drumstick. I took a bite.Cutting Crew immediately started playing in my head. You know: "OH! I just died in your arms tonight...!"I don't even know how to describe it. It reached that rarefied category of foods that I must keep eating even as they physically hurt me with plasma-hot temperatures. (The only other thing I can think of that makes it into that category is high-quality pizza.) The skin crackled under my efforts, the luscious meat happily discharged its flavor-packed juicesI got another thigh. I ate it.I was still hungry for more. Only a primal sense of self-preservation stayed my hand, stopped me from consuming #7. I picked up a piece of cornbread to smother my ravenousness. It was also wonderful.Finally, I left, and whatever strings of enchantment that had held me were snapped: I was suddenly disgustingly full. I couldn't breathe. Was it my enormously distended stomach pressing up against my diaphragm? Had my blood's oxygen carrying capacity been diminished by all the fatty chyle suspended in my circulation? Whatever it was, the phrase "hurts so GOOD" jumped to mind. Then, an existential moment of crisis: what was I doing to myself? Questing into unfamiliar neighborhoods just to binge eat ridiculously unhealthy food... Was this what I wanted to be doing with my life?Then the moment passed.You know that scene in "Precious" where the heroine steals an entire bucket of fried chicken for herself? I remember being pretty sickened at the idea of one person finishing off an entire bucket. Well, I came perilously close to doing just that at Mr. Gabriel's joint. It would have been revolting... Revolting so GOOD.Probability of return within 1 year: 20%, because it's rather out of the way and I need to preserve my lifespan so I can eat more sushi
<review# 1581,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2008,7/8/2008,110,187,12,24,17>is it wrong to want to take the same class twice?  i'm almost tempted to sign up for the honey and cheese class again, just to surround myself in all that deliciousness.six different cheese and honey pairings, baguettes, nuts, dried fruit, and generous pours of cava.  the instructors were informative and funny.  standout pairings included tomme du berger with sweet yellow clover honey.  it wasn't the typical clover honey that i've tasted in the past.  this one, from bee raw honey, was so thick and heavy and buttery that it has to be experienced to be believed.  i also got to try honeys that i didn't know existed like sourwood and cranberry.if the rest of the classes are as enjoyable as this one i'm going to be signing up for more.
<review# 1582,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2008,7/7/2008,69,66,18,16,18>Whatever people say, chances are this boozy petting zoo will fulfill your fancies. Although the crowds have changed it for the worse over the years, it still does it for me in a spare, dirty Brooklyn way.  Just not so much on the weekends... unless you're into getting your chest pawed by strangers.  I, much like you discerning reader, have a list of criteria any bar must meet if I am to hang there.  Since our lists may vary, or you may be visiting, or living under a rock (in bed stuy) I will elaborate.  Well lit: Jean-Pierre Jeunet would be comfortable.  Yay little filament bulbs!Excellent DJ's/jukebox: Taste selectors over fancy table work. Good bartenders: Good people, you're not there for a crushed ginger martini.Photobooth: Please don't make out too long, we all wanna get in.Good wine: well, it's drinkable and dirt cheap.Outdoor section: beer garden extraordinaire.Fireplace or fountain:  both! (Season depending).Ample bathrooms: five of them and private.Music venue included:  no longer through a "hidden" door, but charming stage. I've almost had my ass kicked at Union Pool a few times. One such encounter involved a beautiful young lady friend entertaining some enormous organized crime types early in the evening. They kept buying drinks and she loves an easy mark. Couple rounds later she finally chumped them and walked over to me. They had an unpleasant meat-hookish gaze. My nerves were shot but I soon forgot about them in the crowds and tom foolery. A lotta laughs later we were both completely bombed and found ourselves standing behind them at the photo booth. The young lady blurted out "those guys are mob," not realizing how loud she was even over the din. I can't type what they said, but it was shit-in-pants time. An Emmy worthy performance included explaining to these gentlemen that "mob" was just hip talk for "cool." "Like, that shit is mob man!" Trembling.  "You know?"Forget about Natalie Portman or David Cross, you won't find them there anymore. But you can talk your way out of anything at Union Pool. 3 stars on weekends. 5 when you're mob.
<review# 1583,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2008,7/6/2008,405,569,20,24,25>Rudy! Rudy! Rudy!This is one of the best dive bars in Manhattan. Hell, it's one of the best dive bars in the country. Here's why: Beers range from $2.50 - $3.50. That's right, you can chug bottles of Yuengling for 10 quarters each. Free hot dogs. That is no small deal in New York, where nothing is free but the line in Duane Reade. Either jazz or classic rock is always blaring from the jukebox that a bunch of old-timey regulars have stacked with their tunes. Duct taped banquets make Rudy's feel like home -- home being that truck stop you once puked all over on i84 one summer. **Words of advice: NO credit cards. NO young professional douchebags. NO hot dog eating contests that will result in puking. NO fucking with Joe the bartender, who will throw coasters at you if you get fresh.
<review# 1584,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2008,7/5/2008,3457,1957,108,46,43>(Thoughts going through my head last night at Cafe Mogador.)Cute place, glad I finally made it. Nice night; we should sit outside. Drinks? Oh. No, I don't drink on weeknights either (cough). Appetizer? Let her choose. Goat cheese and tomato tart...could be worse. Ask waiter for recs. Waiter likes the tart, good. The chicken? Really? Spicy and organic, huh. OK. She's getting a steak with fries; I feel like less of a man. Medium...better than well done. Tart looks good. Appetizer does too. Appetizer IS good. Rich, creamy, goat cheese. I wish there was more. Refill my water, please. Where's my chicken. Boobs. There's my chicken. Smells delicious. Oh. My. God. Perfectly seasoned. Crispy skin. Succulent. Can't believe I just thought the word "succulent." Must be Yelp related. Potatoes: buttery goodness. Shallots: meh. Offer her chicken. Bitch, you know I want some steak. Thank god she's a sharer. Holy shit. This cow was marinated in heaven. She's lucky I don't slap her and take the steak. Refill my water, now. This chicken is phenomenal. Rivals BonChon. Can't believe the steak is even better. Can't believe I've never been here before. St. Marks is a trip sometimes; if that guy (is he from Gwar?) came over and kidnapped her, I would eat her steak, and THEN chase after them. She's slowing down. Maybe she's full. You're full. Be full. Oh, you're not going to finish that? Well, if you insist.
<review# 1585,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2008,7/4/2008,577,529,14,13,12>I know I'm gonna be labeled a blasphemer for giving it only 4 stars, but I've got a good reason...So, after the initial flurry of reviews and RAVES, I knew I had to trek on over for a slice (or three) of the pizza at Artichoke.  For such an accessible food as pizza, I'm surprised that I didn't get myself over to Artichoke sooner, but I hate lines AND I'm just a lazy bum.Finally one Friday, I decided that I must have it.  I made a mental date with myself to go and try the pizza.  It just so happens that my friend wanted to hang out that night and so we decided to grab a drink and a snack before I got my pizza on.  It meant that I had to wait a few more hours, but I figured that I'd be able to avoid the crowds, so I went along with her.  I ended up dragging her with me to Artichoke...By the time we got there, it was a little after 10pm.  There were about a dozen people in line ahead of us and I figured, not bad.  It ended up moving slower than I'd like.  I think they had just run out.  (At some point, Michael F walked by and assured me my wait would not be in vain, so I stayed.  Not like I was going to leave anyways...  My mind was set on eating this pizza that night!)  So, after 20 minutes, fresh pies came out the the line started moving.  One of the two guys in front of us gave up and left.  What a fool!  No more than 3 minutes later, his friend had placed and received his order and was smiling as he walked away.So, that meant it was then our turn!  Yay!  My friend ordered a Special and a Sicilian, which is what I told her I'd order.  At the last minute, I changed my mind and went for the trifecta - one slice each of the Special, the Sicilian and the Neopolitan.  I figured, what if I hated them, then I'd either have to get back on line for a Neopolitan or come back another time for it.  No way!  Since it was a nice night, we took our slices a few doors down and stood there to enjoy our fresh out of the oven pizza.I started with the Sicilian and boy was it delicious!  Seriously, I'd never met a Sicilian slice I'd LIKED, until then.  It was simple and lovely.  A bit on the greasy side from the amount of cheese on the slice, but I've got no complaints on anything that has too much cheese...  This is HEAVEN.  You know that part in Ratatouille where Remy combines the cheese and the strawberry in one bite?  The feeling of joy and pleasure he felt?  That was me...Hard as it was, after the second bite, I tore myself away from the Sicilian and started in on the Special.  It was just what I thought it would be.  A rich, decadent slice.  I love spinach, artichokes and cheese and anything resembling spinach artichoke dip, so this slice was good.  But, after the third bite, it was just TOO rich.  I think we would've been happier just sharing a slice of this instead.  Those who can finish one, let alone two or more of these is a CHAMP.  An artery-clogged, heart-attack-waiting-to-happen CHAMP, but a CHAMP nonetheless.Finally, I took a bite of my Neopolitan.  It had cooled a bit by now, but it still tasted good.  Unfortunately, I got one of those dreaded thicker slices of these.  Not a good impression.  I like my Neos to be thin, not thick and chewy.So, the final verdict of the night was that the Sicilian here is GOD!  I'd buy an entire pie of the Sicilian and wolf it down myself.  God forbid you reach in for a slice, I'd bite your hand off!  And, this coming from a girl who has never in her life eaten more than two slices (of any sized pizza) in a sitting is pretty amazing.  By the way, I know what you're thinking - I didn't finish any of the slices that night except for the Sicilian.  I left the bite-ridden Special and Neo slices and took them home.  Hey, they were pretty good heated up the next day, even!Anyways, the chewy Neo already bounces it down half a star, but the real affront to my tastebuds was this past Friday.  In the pouring rain, loaded down with groceries for a party I was catering, I stopped in here for two slices of Sicilian.  Hey, I knew one wasn't going to be enough!  I knew after the last bite of one, I'd be craving another, so two it was.  And, I figured I'd give the Neo another chance, so here I was walking out with three slices again!This my dear friends is where I am appalled!  APPALLED!  and disappointed...  With every bite of my Sicilian, I encountered a mouth full of grit!  GRIT!  Please, wash your BASIL!  Is it really that difficult?  I was deeply saddened.  Took a bite of the Neo - same thing.  (Although, I must say that this time is was a thin crust slice to my liking, save for the dirt...)  My two slices of Sicilian had come from two different pies and so I was hoping for a grit free final slice.  Alas, it just was not my day.  Good bye three slice of dirt - I cannot eat you.So, even with the minus two star experience of gritty dirt, why am I still giving Artichoke 4 stars?  Because people, the original Sicilian slice experience was THAT AWESOME!
<review# 1586,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2008,7/3/2008,235,418,28,26,24>free wifi - checklots of plugs - checksome bakeries - checkpricey coffee / tea - checksort of clean restroom - checkplenty of seating / table options - checklovely smiling from cute boy - HELL yah, checkdo u need more words from me?  the answer is NO!
<review# 1587,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2007,7/2/2008,548,384,17,31,32>Let me tell you about the only US president born in New York.I stumbled upon the TR B-place by chance; many times I had walked back and forth this stretch and I had never noticed the unassuming plaque announcing the landmark. It took me two seconds to decide whether or not to enter; why not? Let the cerebellum enjoy yet another slice of history.The townhouse's interior is a rebuilt replica of Teddy Roosevelt's uncle Rob's house; the place where he was born, and it houses a great many things concerning the late 26th president of the United States. Until yesterday, my knowledge of Theodore Roosevelt was scant; I knew that he had succeeded McKinley  after his assassination, that the original FBI was created under his presidency by a distant great nephew of Napoleon Bonaparte, that he expanded Monroe's doctrine of intervention in Latin America under the Roosevelt's corollary, and that the Teddy Bear was actually named after him. That's it. But I learned many things that, as the tour progressed, made me ashamed at the pusillanimous nature of today's leaders and politicians; Theodore Roosevelt was indeed what they call him nowadays, a rough rider.Born into a wealthy and philanthropic family of southern roots, he inherited his dad's active engagement to social causes, and amongst other things, TR was one of the first persons ever to talk about the protection of natural habitat or land for the sake of environmental health and patrimony. In fact, he was the forerunner of the government owned "Historic sites" so that places like the Grand Canyon or others could be put under the protection of the federal government and inaccessible to public plundering, very much like Prosper Merimee did in France decades earlier. He was also a true adventurer in the true sense of the word; joining the US army cavalry in the Spanish-American war, authoring over 30 books on many subjects, going on expeditions to Africa and the Amazon for "big-game" hunting  (and actually bringing home an impressive collection of plant and animal specimens for both, the Smithsonian and the American Museum of Natural History, which, btw, he helped found and is named after him), and skinny dipping in the Potomac when not dictating policy. Nice. I would like to see Clinton or GW pulling that one for the paparazzis..The townhouse houses many mementos and personal items of TR, including  the shirt, spectacle case and book he was wearing when an assassin's bullet attempted to take his life. A replica of the Nobel Peace Prize he won for brokering the peace between Japan and Russia, which, BTW, he was the first American to ever receive the laureate! Personal papers, journals, quills, many family pictures and even his baptism baby dress!! Come for 30 minutes while you watch the displays or join the short tour given by George, the Historic Site's ranger, who is very knowledgeable on TR and American History in general and will answer any questions you may have. Upstairs they have a research library which is used by many current historians and others, and as I learned, by known author David McCullough. Come to skinny-dip yourself outside today's context into a time when men were men, and come back just in time to upper your standards on what a leader should be made of; soft and erudite skin but with fierce determination-a Teddy Bear.
<review# 1588,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2008,6/29/2008,245,505,18,15,16>Ugh.  Stairs.  But this is K-Town.  So anything good is either tucked away up a flight of stairs or hidden on the 12th floor of some gloomy office building.The food here is great.  Spicy chicken, dumplings, udon, strange creatures that roam the seas.  Lots of bacon, ham, spam, all the better things.  My favorite is the Boo Dae Jjigae (hot dog, spam, ham, cheese, rice cake, kimchi and noodles in a hot, red stew) and Ssamgyupsal (pork belly or bacon or some pork product and rice cake, also in a red stew, but spicier).  The servers bring the food to your table, quickly, I might add, and light the small fire to finish cooking the stew.  Do not try to eat until you see the stew bubbling.  Try to withstand the spice.  This stuff is no joke.  Koreans laugh at those who show vulnerability.They serve barley tea instead of water.  The tea is good, but the lack of water sucks, because when you get boo dae jjigae all over the front of your shirt, like I do, and you will, you want to be able to soak it off, right?  The tea will only stain more.  My advice: be a goddamn Houdini and invest in 50 of those Tide to Go sticks.  Make it 60 in case you are not handy with a pair of chopsticks.Get the Mak Kul Lee, milky rice wine.  Get soju.  Get watermelon soju.  They serve it in a hollowed out 1/2 watermelon.  Once you have finished your allottment of soju, take your spoon, lick the porkbelly stew off of it, and use it to catch those last drops of goodness.  Note: Do not pick up watermelon to get last drops of soju.  Stick to the spoon.  I almost got my head stuck in a watermelon the other night because of gluttonous behavior.The decor is really fun, with fishnets and soju bottlecaps all over the place.  Check out the polaroids of crazy patrons taped to the wall.  The bathrooms will kill you with cute.  Little Morning Glory characters and mirrors all over the place.  Alas, there is only one women's and one men's.  Clearly, this is not enough, because Koreans get drunk early.  At 8 pm, you already see folks stumbling up and down the stairs, having to pee every five seconds, and you have to share with them.  So when you are drunk and have to pee every five seconds, the wait gets frustrating.I still love this place.Psalm 23 should be rewritten:             "Koreans are my shepherds....They KNOW what I want!"
<review# 1589,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2008,6/28/2008,267,274,24,21,24>A respected scholar once said: "Sometimes me think what is love, and then me think love is what last cookie is for. Me give up the last cookie for you."Well maybe not "scholar" ..... maybe it was the cookie monster....but I think you get the drift.If love equals giving up your last cookie....and your last cookie was from Levain....you know that you are REALLY in love.These cookies are the things of legend. You can smell delicous cookie goodness baking from a block away. Once you walk inside the small basement bakery the scent of cookie is almost overpowering. Then you spy the cookie. These things are HUGE.We picked up a chocolate peanut butter and a dark chocolate chocolate chip. They were crunchy on the outside and chocked full of goodness on the inside. I can honestly say I have never had a cookie quite like this. Now I am sitting at home in bed in a cookie coma and this was just after a few bites. The half eatten cookie is still chillin in the kitchen right now...at least I know I have something for dinner later!WARNING: Milk is needed to devour this cookie. If you do not have milk nearby .... eat at your own risk! You have been warned!
<review# 1590,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2008,6/26/2008,84,60,14,14,12>I'd love to own a second home. Hey -- I'd love to own a first home. But since neither of those scenarios seem to be in my cards at any point in the near (or distant) future, I instead frequent the Flying Saucer Cafe and pretend that I own the place. That said, I'd like to invite you all over for a drink (of the caffeinated, non-alcoholic sort, that is). Please -- make yourself at home! There are plenty of chairs and comfortable couches and tables for everyone. Or take a seat in the garden. Oh, and of course you can use our Internet! The wi-fi is free, and we've got, just to keep all of you Mac-toting visitors happy, plugs galore.Thirsty? Might I recommend an iced mint tea? Our coffee can be hit or miss, but the tea's a sure sell. We've got tasty hot sandwiches, too, and Nutella panini if you're in the mood for decadence.Those board games? Oh, sure. They're yours for the playing. What? What's that? I'm a good hostess? Oh, stop.
<review# 1591,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2011,2/21/2012,135,1106,5,9,9>Who'd know that such a cute and unexpected bar would be a 10 minute straight shot uptown on the 1 for me? Honestly, why would I even bother to take the 1 uptown, save for a trip to Target? Not much says to me, "Wow! It's a lovely evening. Let's go up to DA BRONX." (See? That doesn't sound sexy, does it?)When my friend said he'd meet me there and it was right off of the 238th Street stop, I was a bit apprehensive, aimed with my Google Map on my phone, ready to explore a seedy neighborhood. But did he lie? I am pleased to say he did not. Though the facade didn't pop out at me right away amongst the other buildings in a fairly mediocre neighborhood, it was there! The subway station was a mere few paces away. The interior is wood-laden, with many a TV showing various sports. A little distracting to the person (such as I) that hates sports but am drawn to watch them if five televisions around me are showing a Yankees game. There was ample space at the bar with plenty of tables all around. Similar to Pony Bar, there are rotating selections of beers (and even cider!) on draught. A menu, though I did not try it, looked promising, with basic burgers and sandwiches along with friend mac & cheese and even falafel! On a future visit, I'll have to give some menu items a whirl. Still, my broke ass enjoyed my $4 Harpoon Cider and bowl of complementary popcorn.  Also, props to the bartender that kept us waiting a hair past 7 p.m. for our drinks. He admitted it was his fault we missed Happy Hour by three minutes and still gave us the Happy Hour price for our first round of drinks. Cheers, sir!This place may cause me to willingly go to the Bronx without a primary trip to Target. IMPRESSIVE.
<review# 1592,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2011,2/20/2012,343,542,6,12,12>I walked by this street many times in the past, but usually I go there to get my dollar dumplings. I mean who knew on this hilly street, next to an old tenement building and around the corner is a bunch of funeral homes - lays this cupcake place. It's really a hole in the wall. From the outside you would only see a marker board with their cake and frosting flavors written on it. Then on the right of the board you make an entrance and you will find yourself at the bottom of the stairs. This is pretty interesting.Climbed the steep stairs and found myself in front of a case of beautifully made cupcakes before my eyes. The two guys running this place was pretty nice. There was a buy 5 get 1 free deal, so that's exactly what I've got. I ordered black sesame, green tea, pink champagne, jasmine tea, mango and pistachio flavored cupcakes. I didn't choose the frosting because the dude said he'll choose them for me, I guess it's like a surprise frosting. I mean afterall, I do like sweet surprises, so sure why not.Based on my tastebuds, I know I've got green tea, lychee, strawberry champagne, lemon, orange buttercream and mango frosting flavors. Okay, it was also with the help from looking at the list of frosting they have on their website and matching them with each bite I took from the cupcakes*. The cupcakes were not too sweet and it was soft. The frosting was not overly sweet and it was fluffy. These cupcakes are actually pretty good. I like the whole concept of having cupcakes with an Asian twist to it.I also gotten their mango cheesecake. Their cheesecake was more like a personal size cheesecake, which was pretty cute. the mango cheesecake wasn't too sweet either and it was pretty good. It wasn't so much like a Junior's cheesecake, where it's heavy, but it was rather light and fluffy. There's so many other flavor cupcakes and frosting that I would love to try!*I didn't eat all the cupcakes and cheesecake alone. I shared them all with my sister. If I ate them all, I think I would have sweet nightmares of cupcakes.
<review# 1593,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2012,2/19/2012,404,259,15,21,21>NERD BAR!A night at Booker & Dax is like nerding out while acting like an 8 year old who just wants to play with toys and light shit on fire. And getting drunk. This is what happens when David Chang and Dave Arnold (Director of Culinary Technology the French Culinary Institute) open a bar.Make you a nice winter warmer with a 1,500 degree hot poker? (!!!FIRE!!!) Chill your glass with liquid nitrogen sir?Without question, there is no bar quite like this. For starters, I have never in my life, seen a bartender SO AFRAID TO USE equipment behind their own bar. They are still getting familiar with some of Dave's toys. But it's not all flash, and these aren't just tricks. There are some serious drinks being served up too. And not all of them are space age either. The Banana Justino seems ridiculously simple compared to some things. But it might be the best thing on the menu. It's Ron Zacapa 23 Rum that has been run through a centrifuge with Fresh Bananas. Nothing else. No Sweetness. No Bitter. Pour it over a large rock. And you know what? It's outstanding. The Banana sweetens it up just enough, and then it's rich, earthy, clean and light all at the same time. The Gin and Juice. The nice backbone of overproofed Tanqueray gin is mixed with clarified Grapefruit Juice and then carbonated on the spot. So clean. Almost like a bizzaro French 75 in a way because the excessive bubbles you get are more akin to champagne than your average soda water.The Mustachi-Ode is a Mix of Amaro, Becherovka, Bourbon, Pistachio and Egg White. All Herbs, Earth and nuts sweetened and frothed up like a sort of half-way dessert cocktail. And I don't mean that in a bad way. It's a great closing drink.Now lets light some shit on Fire!After trying 3 of the 4 hot drink options, I can honestly say I liked them all. The Friend of the Devil is a must for all Negroni fans, as it's basically a hot Negroni with a touch of Absinthe and a whole lotta heat. The French Colombian is a healing mixture of Pernod, Cinnamon and Brown Sugar. The Hindenburg, with Cognac, Bitters and Abbey Ale is like a cross between Beer and Mulled Wine. If I had one complaint at all, it's that they have no hot rum drinks. FOOD:Well, you knew they'd excel here. David Chang does the food, so how bad could it be? The famous pork (belly) buns that have been here since this was Milk Bar are still readily available. On top of that they serve Chicharron Jacks, which taste like elevated Cracker Jacks, and many other pork centric offerings. On the downside, Veggies, you have only pickles to choose from. It's not the most comfortable or alluring of bars on the atmosphere front. I wouldn't want to be here all night. But for a few drinks and some Pork Buns after work or late night, I would come back for sure. Overall this was a great experience. Not just for the tricks (they were fun), but because you can get a really good drink here that almost no one else could make you. And that's worth the price of admission. See the Menu Here:yelp.com/biz_photos/EISB…See FIRE Here:yelp.com/biz_photos/EISB…4.25 Stars. On THE LIST...yelp.com/list/best-cockt…
<review# 1594,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2011,2/18/2012,244,178,5,8,7>I love choices, and this place seems to know that I have a terrible time deciding between sweet and savory when it comes to brunch. While it's a bit on the pricier side (for someone with a budget as small as mine), the pre-fixe was a nice splurge.Got the bloody mary, which was delicious! Spicy, smooth, just right. And it got me pretty buzzed. I don't think that coffee was included, which I found weird. My friend and I decided to both order egg dishes for our entrees, and for our sides one of us ordered bacon and the other ordered the poundcake.Now, this poundcake sounded SUPREMELY boring on the menu, especially alongside the other delicious-sounding options, but the server suggested it. Jesus, they need to rename it, because it was amazing! Not anything like any poundcake I've ever tried, that's for sure. It was sweet, fresh, cakey but not heavy, and so yummy.Bacon was pretty solid. Both of our egg dishes (my friend had the basil and goat cheese omelet, I had the mushroom and spinach omelet which they happily subbed pecorino in for gruyere) were good. Nothing mind-blowing, but good. That is the name of this place, isn't it?
<review# 1595,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2011,2/16/2012,361,716,11,21,18>This is one sandwich shop that knows how to do things right.At first I was a bit alarmed at the long line, but I saw that it was moving quickly. I was ordering within two minutes. It's a small shop with no place to sit in the inside, only a counter along the wall for you to stand and eat. Most people choose to take their sandwiches elsewhere. What's brilliant about their design, is that you stand in line to order OUTSIDE at their window. This may be a pain when it's really hot (or raining, maybe they let people in then, I don't know). After you order, then you go in to pick up your sandwich. This means that the inside isn't crowded with people and there's a long twisting line that you need to fight with inside the shop. The sandwich making is super fast too. I ordered and I barely stepped in (indeed I hadn't even gotten a chance to put my wallet back in my purse) when they called out my order number.A freshly made grilled peach sandwich was already waiting for me at the counter. Yes, grilled peach sandwich. Of all the possible fillings that one could imagine, I never would dreamed of peach, but when I about this in Time Out and Serious Eats, I knew I had to get one before the summer ended.Num Pang is the less famous cousin of the Vietnam's bahn mi. Every sandwich is garnished with spicy mayo, thin slices of cucumber, shredded carrots, and cilantro on a warm crusty toasted roll. At Num Pang, they have a draconian policy of no changes, no substitutions, no additions, nada. You need to order the sandwich as is. In part, they know how they want to feed you the sandwich. The other thing is that it makes the sandwich making process a lot faster as they don't need to think about "Oh, what do I need to take out/add in/etc. for this sandwich?"As for my grilled peach sandwich, it was delectable. Two thick juicy slices and bacon were tucked into a a toasted roll with all the fixings. The sandwich was exactly the right size. Big enough to satisfy your hunger, but not so big that you can't eat it all in one sitting. And the price was right ($7.50). I thought they should have added more bacon or used a thicker smokier cut of bacon for the sandwich, because one thin little piece was lost on its own with the peaches and everything else. The bites were more of the bacon overlapped had a right balance of sweet and salty, soft and crispy from the peach and bacon.I also got a blood orange lemonade. The lemonade was a bright orangey pink color from the blood orange juice. I found the drink too watered down and couldn't really taste the blood oranges. I would skip this drink in favor of something else next time.Num Pang serves novel, inventive, and fresh take on the traditional Cambodian sandwiches. They have several different kinds (classics that are always on the menu and seasonal, which rotate in and out of the season). All looked amazingly good. Num Pang makes me wish that I worked Midtown (or downtown, they have another location on 12th st).Num Pang means nom, nom, nom.
<review# 1596,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2011,2/15/2012,123,81,26,18,13>My friend recommended Scarpetta.  She said they made the best spaghetti she's ever had.  And it only cost her 24 dollar.  Come on.  $24 for spaghetti?!  That's just ludicrous.  I'm a skeptic.  I don't know man.  Really... How good can spaghetti really be? It's like saying it was the best corndog I ever ate, or the best nacho cheese dorito I've ever had.  It's like, who cares.  It's good everywhere.My experience at Scarpetta is equivalent to conducting a job interview with an over qualified candidate.Decked out in elegance, you notice right away how sharp Scarpetta is.  Beautiful decor, great presentation, and 3 different ways to color your bread.Their bread basket is ridiculous.  It's as if they dropped your jaw with their sick resume.  They've got a slice of bread with salami inside.  INSIDE!  Oh my goodness.  It's like a sandwich in a basket.  Well done.  It's the equivalent of writing that you were the CEO of McAwesome Inc.And so comes the spaghetti...  Look... I'm not going to write anything else, because it's hard to describe it... but... it truly is... the best spaghetti I've ever had.So obviously you can't afford this person for this job, but you hire them anyway.  Because really, you can't get anyone else to do a better job at this remedial task than they can.  Even though all you really needed was for someone to fix the damn printer.
<review# 1597,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2011,2/13/2012,270,454,4,9,8>When my friend from Canada was from here, she surprised me by saying that tariffs for U.S. running shoes are so high in her homeland that she was stoked to stock up while in NYC...city sales tax be damned! She met up with another friend and came back with two pairs of sneakers, raving about this place called Paragon.Since I'm not a runner, I forgot about this information until I started needing a new swim cap. I almost went on an online ordering binge, then realized that I wanted one right away, and that I wanted to see it before buying it. When I searched for city stores selling a passable range of swimming equipment, I came up with Modell's and Paragon Sports. Modell's, of course, was sort of a bust; just a boring streamlined selection, and I wanted more options.So, my first visit to Paragon was after work, when I stepped into this multi-story wonderland of sporting goods and apparel. It was like falling down a rabbit hole to a different state where people can actually be outdoors.I made a beeline for the swim counter on the second floor, but noticed a ton of other stuff on the way; organic ladies' apparel on sale, yoga clothes, Underarmour, camping gear, tennis rackets, and on and on.The man at the swim counter was beleaguered by an overbearing man and his bratty daughter, who were asking about goggles. Luckily for me, there were sample caps spread out artfully over the counter, and I fondled and stretched them until I had a few candidates. When the pesky customers left, I asked the man for his opinion, and he helped me confirm the choice of a newly designed white silicone cap from Speedo. Very happy with it.I wasn't sure at first where to check out, so I walked a couple steps to the watch and accessories counter, where another attentive salesperson directed me around the corner to an easy checkout, bypassing the ground floor clusterfuck.The second time I stopped at Paragon was when a dear friend, meaning well, bought me about ten gel packets, a pair of goggles, and a fanny pack type contraption prior to my 10K swim at the end of September. As I didn't end up using any of these things, I brought the merchandise back without tags and without the receipt, and they still let me have store credit after a sensible round of questions.With the store credit, I bought a much needed exercise ball. Though there were only a few alternatives, a nice lady tolerated my ceaseless questions about which one was better (as if I'd use the damn thing to bust my flubby gut). I also got a ton of nouveau running socks for my psycho marathon running sister.The NYC markup does apply here, but it's not as severe as it seems to be in other stores. Also, there were tons of rotating sales around, and that was great to see.When there was slight confusion at the register, a young, curly haired man in a flannel shirt stepped in, fixed things, smiled, nodded, and went away. A female cashier put her hand over her chest and said to her coworker, "You know that was the owner, right?" So this is apparently a family owned operation, and I was there to witness the hands on benefits of that fact in a city that can often be commercial and impersonal in its industries. This will be my go to stop if I'm stuck in the city and need something general or particular pertaining to sports, personal fitness, or the great outdoors.
<review# 1598,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2011,2/12/2012,123,147,12,5,5>I am the holder of a business card with Sami's mobile, text him when I need same day reservation. Perhaps everyone gets it but I feel special!What can I say. the genre Speak Easy is speaking to me. A lot. From the brick walls, tin tiles, candles, outfits. 20s. Little secret spot to take my wife, and I look forward to it.The selection of ice cubes is pretty impressive and solid. Every glass gets a differently shaped single ice cube. Funny exchange:JB: I liked my drink, but the glass......its a little feminine, can you serve me the next drink in a different glass?Sami: sure no problem, but....I need to tell you that this glass was shaped from a woman's breastJB: Well in that case I am more into glasses shaped from Bs and Cs than As if you do not mind!Note: The glass was a small wine glass, I think that the 20s champagne glass was designed from a womans breast and you can actually picture the glass fitting over top. With the little wine glass, I would not want to imagine the shape (or lack of) to fill that one!For a place without sign at the door, that small, cash only and perfectly, I mean perfectly assembled cocktails this place rocks!Thanks.
<review# 1599,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/14/2011,2/11/2012,170,236,4,8,10>Darn their blueberry pancakes! After the first bite, I knew why people came from all over and were willing to wait ungodly hours to try them. They didn't skimp on the blueberries or quantity of flap jacks. I think I was only able to consume about 1/4 of the cakes before I put up my white flag, surrendered and sunk back into the booth in a slightly comatose state. The pancakes were light, fluffy and had a very distinct, rich flavor. I didn't need the warm maple butter but it was nice to have.We also ordered both bacon sides - double smoked and sugar cured. The double smoked was such a let down as it had barely any flavor and looked like it was days old. The sugar cured was a bit better but I was still stuck on the double smoked fail. My beloved bacon was ruined.The wait on a Monday morning (holiday) was 2 hours. We hopped over to Cafe Pedlar for some coffee and pastries, then went to Cafe Atlas for some more coffee. After getting highly caffeinated, we ran over to Clinton St. to check on our booth, and low and behold we were ushered in through a mass crowd that quadrupled within the span of an hour.I'm not sure I'd wait 2 hours again but I'd definitely come back to try other items on their menu. One major buzz kill was that our silverware had dried pieces of food stuck all over them. Our waitress quickly brought us clean replacements and problem solved.Tip: Get there super early or go for dinner to escape the 2 hour hazing ritual.
<review# 1600,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/25/2011,2/9/2012,919,564,27,11,12>If an Ikea and an Amish Market had a baby, you'd get Stew Leonard's.I found myself here after picking up some things at the neighboring Home Depot, and although I came armed with my grocery list, there were several key items missing inside.  Their store is laid out like a meandering maze, dragging you through every crevasse of the store before you could get to the registers.  I did see some shortcuts to other areas, but none of them were labeled.  To add to my frustration, I came on a busy Saturday afternoon and foolishly underestimated the crowds.  I felt like I was playing Frogger trying to dodge customers, swerve around tasting stations, and push my cart through the store.Now for the good - they have a tremendous assortment of cheeses, baked goods, craft beers, meats, and other produce, most either made on premises or locally sourced.  That being said, I can't really fault the store for my misaligned expectations, since I didn't know what I was getting into.  I can, however warn potential customers looking for a quick shopping experience - plan otherwise...
<review# 1601,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2013,1/19/2014,404,259,3,10,5>Subject is what happens when you take a comfortable, nondescript neighborhood watering hole and just start serving quality food, cocktails and beer with a smile. This is a very relaxed bar, and if you didn't know better, you would never peg it for a cocktail joint. It looks like a normal, semi-dive bar. The difference is they serve quality quaffs and tasty snacks at reasonable prices. They have a tight list of original drinks and spins on classic cocktails. The Chai Old Fashioned is great.  One of the most compelling things however is the vintage soda machine they use to make their own in house phosphates, which are absolutely stellar. Upon my first visit I tried a standalone shot of the cola, which they are thinking about bottling and selling. And they should, because it is BONKERS GOOD. Not overly sweet, and brimming with herbal and nutty notes, it's a clean, light but high flavor cola that is very addictive.On THE LIST, and somewhere I will definitely return. This is the place you go when you want a really good drink without all the environment usually associated with getting one...yelp.com/list/best-cockt…
<review# 1602,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2013,1/18/2014,389,329,3,6,7>Visited meme on a gorgeous summer night at the enthusiastic recommendation of a friend, and was not disappointed.  I wanted something healthy, but delicious, and meme delivered on both accounts.Mediterranean tapas - babaganoush, hummus, awesome falafel, tabour, roasted red peppers, beets...the combination platter puts a little of every option on a dish with warm pita, and is probably filling enough to share as an entire meal.  We also had the pomegranate salad with goat cheese and arugula, which was good too, but a little soggy in comparison to the awesomeness of the tapas.  Service was super-prompt and friendly, and the sidewalk seating is beautiful when the weather is right immediately after sunset.  Perfect place to bring a friend and catch up over small plates.
<review# 1603,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2013,1/17/2014,736,617,6,11,13>I went to ABC Cocina for dinner last Saturday and had one of the most UNREAL dining experiences. Every single thing we had from our first drink to our last taco was delicious, imaginative, and perfect in every way. The ambiance of the restaurant is beautiful. The interior is adorned with exposed brick walls and unique hanging sparkling lights that are evocative of an underwater scene. Our waiter was a super sweet and funny guy who was very attentive. The Dirty Martini was the best one I've ever tasted (I know I may have said this before but I really mean it this time) - it really met all of the criteria on my Dirty Martini mental checklist (glass size, ounces, degree of dirtiness, temperature) - my sis and I took one sip and looked at each other and exclaimed that they were perfect. The food was incredible! We had the following, all of which are must-try's in my book:-Sweet pea guacamole-Shrimp with sizzling garlic and chili oil-Sweat pea empanadas with chili yogurt -Chipotle chicken tacos-Savory glazed short rub tacos-Maitake mushrooms with goat cheese We were too full for dessert but I'd be surprised if those aren't amazing as well. There's always next time!
<review# 1604,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2013,1/16/2014,34,125,55,16,8>So a friend who is obsessively fanatical about anime culture and Japan told me about this place and convinced me to go two days later. It's OK, a cute and interesting place in the middle of the city.But if you have been to a Maid Cafe in Japan ... this is not it.The servers are dressed in their cute costumes smiling and acting happy, but you won't get the same level of treatment you would get in Japan. They are very polite, but it's not keigo (and that should not be expected). I'm not even sure, if they are Japanese or not. Not that it matters.The point is, it's a charming place. Hilarious for meetings, or a date. The food is average. They take cash and credit. But don't go here and think it is the same as a maid cafe in Japan. It's not.Tips:Do not touch a server.Yakuza takes your hand.Do not ask a server for their phone number.Yakuza takes your phone, then your hand.Do not stand outside, waiting for a server to get off, thinking you can avoid the yakuza.Yakuza takes your everything, leaves your hands.You may take a picture with your favorite server for $5Yakuza gets paid.I'm not sure if the tips I wrote above are really true or not. In fact, it's entirely possible that I am kind of lying. But it sounds pretty right. You should go test it.
<review# 1605,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2013,1/15/2014,1692,2894,1,12,11>I am thoroughly enthused with Flywheel!The instructors really know how to push you, and they do a great job with the music. (They might as well be DJs outside of the class.) The space is clean and calming. With the method of semi-anonymous leaderboards, there's also no annoying competition -- except the competitiveness you feel with yourself.All I wish is that they had more class deals, as ~$30/pop can be pricey over time.Oh, but it's so worth it.
<review# 1606,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2013,1/14/2014,757,158,10,13,10>Since 2012, I have wanted to visited Sakagura. However, it seemed that we were never meant to be - first, Hurricane Sandy, then two rainstorms. Luckily, I finally met my dream restaurant Sakagura today.Similar to a mysterious man who desires to hide from his fans, Sakagura is located in the basement. Limited Internet may be frustrating at times. Nonetheless, it finally pushes me out of the comfort zone and looks into the eyes of my friends as I speak to them instead of staring at my phone. Without doubt, Sakagura is like an ideal man - it not only has an elegant decor, but also provides amazing Japanese food. The sake bottles on the shelves of the wall, the rice bags on cupboards and the bamboo design of the bathroom made me felt as if Sakagura brought me to Japan for a honeymoon. The housemade tofu was so smooth and silky that it slowly melted in my mouth. Although the tofu might not be flavorful as I expected, I was delighted by the salty sauce used on the tofu. Sakagura seems to be an all-rounded man who is able to cook both vegetarian and seafood dishes well, which is quite rare. My friend ordered shrimp tempura and the sake oyako don. He loved the light crispy batter on the shrimps, and the freshness of the salmon. No matter which dish Sakagura makes, it focuses on the original flavor of the dish, and does not let the sauce overpower the food. Yet, like all men, Sakagura is not perfect. It has a limited selection of food in its lunch menu. I unfortunately could not try Tamago, and my friend could not have Buta Kakuni today.Nonetheless, all restaurants have flaws, but Sakagura's flaw is minor compared to all its amazing offers, ranging from decor to food. I have fallen in love with Sakagura, and would love to get to know it more when I come here next time.
<review# 1607,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2013,1/13/2014,444,306,7,14,9>The expectation of all-you-can-eat restaurants is typically that the quality of the food is subpar (I mean c'mon, how many gourmet buffets have you been to lately?). I'll admit that that would have been my final opinion on the matter ... were it not for my brother and sister-in-law, who live a few blocks away from here and have made it their designated restaurant for low-key nights out. Funny story: I told my cousin about this place and she was amazed by the idea of an AYCE. So when we got there, she insisted on ordering almost everything on the menu (bear in mind, it's all-you-can-eat Japanese, not just sushi)  After we'd eaten to our hearts content the waitress arrived with more menus so we could continue ordering. Sadly, we had to decline, but we left thoroughly satisfied.  But for your trip here are a few helpful hints:- It's BYOB and there's a liquor store next door ... do the math- Try to pace because there's a lot of good food to try (really good onion soup, delicious sesame chicken, fresh yellowtail, fun specialty rolls)- Young kids (like my 16 month old) eat for free- They have food thats off menu (like lo mein) but that'll cost youHave fun!
<review# 1608,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2013,1/12/2014,77,144,6,14,7>I think I found my new favorite neighborhood bar (sorry Penrose). I fell in love with their playlist of mostly 90s and 00s R&B.  The decor is sleek and laid back but it feels a bit barren and not lived in yet. This is understandable since they just opened last Friday. We tried the St. James Infirmary and Roses to Rags cocktails. Both were great. There are only 8 or so on the cocktail menu but I was assured by the bartender that there are at least 10 more just waiting to be debuted. There isn't a food menu just yet but I tried the gumbo which was pretty authentic.  They had 3 dessert offerings and we had the absinthe cookies and bread pudding. Both were very boozy and paired well with drinks. I'm not sure how they'd fair sober. Just as biggie says, sky is the limit and you know you keep on, just keep on pressing on. Can't wait to see what this place has in store.
<review# 1609,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2013,1/11/2014,583,242,13,19,15>Okay Yelp world, I may have found it!! My new favorite Thai spot in the city! So my girl Nomi is headed off on an interesting project overseas today and we needed a proper sendoff diner last night. We wanted something both low key and festive at the same time (yes, you can have both. This does make sense. Trust me.) The texts started with: Her: "I think I want Thai... maybe ramen... Mexican could be good too... well no, not ramen"Me: "I need a glass of vino pronto!" (priorities, ya know?)Her: "yes, same"Me: "wine bar?" Her: "well... I'm not craving wine bar food. Mex or Thai?"Me: "I can't drink tequila or mezcal. That will only lead to trouble and a serious Thursday morning hangover with some bacon at my desk. Thai?" Enter Ngam. Wine bar atmosphere, amazing Thai food, and approximately 4 blocks from where I was standing when said text convo commenced. Ngam offers both traditional and modern Thai options. Bottles of wine can be purchased for under $40 (I am a fan!) and the atmosphere is both welcoming and sophisticated. Chef Hong has also worked in Kittichai, JG's Spice Market, and JG's Perry Street. The name itself means "beautiful" and Ngam encompasses just that in every aspect. Perhaps the best part about this place? It's locally sourced and seasonal. Following all the yelp reviews we started with the Chiang Mai Fries, composed of pumpkin and sweat potato and served with both a red curry mayo and a sweet and sour peanut relish. They were crispy and delicious, however things only went up from there. Next we tried the "Por Pia" shitake mushroom spring rolls. Wow! These were amazeballs and the mushrooms were so unbelievably fresh. Then came the real star of the evening, and a surprising one at that: Authentic Old School Pad Thai. Yes, the pad thai! Now I know you're reading this thinking "really? Pad Thai? Of all the things you could have ordered Lissa? I can get Pad Thai anywhere." I'm here to tell you this aint just anywhere my friends. This is the home of the most mouth watering, food orgasmic Pad Thai I've ever tasted. Yep. I said it. Done and done. Even before I could finish my first bite I literally moaned out loud "Ohhhhh myyyyyy gooooodddddd" it was just that good. It's got the traditional Pad Thai vibe going that we all know and love but this wonderful charred  flavor from Ngam's open kitchen. It's so good in fact that we finished every last bite and at one point I think I heard my girl say that perhaps we needed another order. They also do a Zucchini and a Papaya Pad Thai, which I would be curious to try but would order in addition to the authentic. We also tried the Kale fried rice but that didn't blow me away. So yea... in summary I am a fan! I will be back. I'm already craving Ngam again less than 24 hours later.
<review# 1610,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2013,1/10/2014,359,355,8,8,8>Summary:  Thumbs up on food... get the pork buns.  Expect to wait (there are people you can pay to do this for you though).  A little loud. It's more like 4.5.  Lost the 1/2 star on noodle quality and "delight" factor. Atmosphere:  Much larger and trendier than the other ramen joints, this is one spot you can bring your non-foody friends to and not have to explain the decor. Very Japanese, they welcome each guest in a traditional style that can be very fun and help start your dinner - after a long outdoor wait - with a smile.Service:  We had great service. I really think they must manage this place extremely well for everyone to seem so happy to work here.  They have these great I love ramen shirts.  A great un-subliminal message to keep in mind.  We got loads of water, which was great as I citibiked on over.The food:  Never was such an astute group put together, IMO to rate noodles.  I - despite my extensive Noodle Soup and World Noodle Soup lists - was among the amateurs for rating ramen as I attended Ipudo with Yelp veterans represented from three cities all with greater than 3 years of Yelp-elite status.  My stomach was humbled and hungry at the same time.....Pork Buns - Great!  Admittedly, I was concerned given all the undeserved raving about momofuku's pork buns.  I gave those a 2.... a pork bun outside of Chinatown should improve on the concept.  Here, with may and the right sort of additions, Ippudo achieves this.Agedashi tofu - A solid executionSamuri Ribs - Not bad.  yum, but I would likely choose a different app next timeAkamaru modern - with the hard boiled egg ... 6 seasoned Yelpers and only one bothered to get something else!  But like birds of prey honing in, we all knew it was the way to go. The broth was perfectly salted and just fatty enough to make you smile, but not so fatty it made you worried about daily oil consumption.  The mix of ingredients was thoughtful and well blended.Scratch Tan Tan Mien - Eh...I always think the broth is too sweet as a result of the sesame.  I say it was the wrong call for me specifically. However, it could be the right call for the guy next to you ....so you can try some and still have your lovely Akamaru modern... thank you Kevin L for letting us slurped up the leftover remnants of your soup....  Ok... so my issue was the noodle choice. They selected an ultra thin ramen. That decreased the noodle soup "delight" factor. I get it.  It holds up well for large parties or for a restaurant that size and make the golden first-5-minutes-of-noodle-into-soup-entry-taste-­awesomeness, less relevant.  I even know that within the category of thin ramen noodles that are dried, this is probably superior.  HOWEVER.... I struggled.... can I really give it 5 stars if it's not using superior uber fresh noodles?  I was very torn internally. Then I remembered.... my lack of a star makes no difference, too many people have given this place 5 stars... so there you have it... 4 stars but 4.5 rating.
<review# 1611,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2009,3/21/2010,287,215,13,21,12>Preface: The hair gods were smiling on me, so I got everything below for free.  I had the opportunity to step in as a "hair model" for an Arrojo class for visiting hairdressers, taught by Nick and some of his team.  I knew that I'd need to be open-minded in terms letting Nick demonstrate the cut he wanted to for the class.  Bring it on!  I've always been a hair chameleon and hello: Nick's a visionary.  Aside from his work as a TV personality, he's built a thriving empire in the midst of challenging times -- including a studio, a full range of products, comprehensive education / cosmetology programs and presence on social media channels.  In other words, he can get his hands on my hair anytime!  Of course, you probably also know that KRey's nothing if not a pushover for bearded, flirty, foreign men in the service industry, so I was done before I stepped in the doors ;-)I digress...I went in twice the week ahead of my cut.  First up was a consultation with Nick (to give him a sense of what my hair's like, as opposed to a normal consult in which he'd assess what the client wanted).  Next, I was booked for complimentary highlights with Ashley.  She's technically a "stylist" (relatively junior in their food chain), but Nick trusts her and it's clear why.  Ashley was precise, personable and artful.  She took her time, sectioned my hair and removed the foils / shampooed my tresses at different times as she felt they were finished, as opposed to all at once.  Highlights and a blow dry with her are approx. $115 (pre-tip).  Not "cheap," but I'd say she's a great value considering their new hires are selected from an intense (22 month!) training program.  So Ashley spent more time in Nick's school than my husband did getting his master's..I'd say she's well-qualified :-)Finally, the day came for the big cut.  It was quite an experience to be seated in front of a few dozen professionals who'd come to watch Nick & co. do their thing.  I saw several innovative / edgy cuts and styles demonstrated.  Most of the talk was way beyond my level of comprehension, but I've had fun showing off  my "undercut," bang-a-liscious bob (complete with super-short, hidden pieces under longer ones to eliminate bulk and help hair to move better).  Even though they didn't owe me a thing, after my hair was styled in a fashion-forward way (read: not appropriate for everyday life) Nick personally offered to flat-iron it during the class break so I could leave with a more wearable style I'd be confident showing off.  A man who commands $500-a-cut took the time to make sure I (Ms.-wasn't-giving-them-a-dime) was pleased!Obviously, I'm now predisposed to drink the Kool-Aid, but I eyed their clientele during my three visits and saw one contemporary, creative style walk out after another.  And although you'll see lots of tattoos, tight jeans, piercings and "out-there" looks from the staff, everyone was down-to-earth and client-focused.  If you can book a cut with Nick, go for it, but otherwise rest assured that everyone there is well-equipped to give your look an update and make you feel sensational.
<review# 1612,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2010,3/20/2010,646,1303,11,27,17>I recently had the great privilege to take Natasha to Daniel Boulud's eponymous restaurant to celebrate her birthday.  The restaurant has recently been promoted in the Michelin hierarchy with it now garnering three stars, assuring that it is among the very best restaurants in the world (41st in fact by last year's rankings).  In such rarefied air, the expectation was that I could stand to do little better than this.  The elaborate and memorable meal we had more than confirmed this conclusion.  The meal began with a trio of amuse bouches.  The theme was cauliflower.  The tripartite arrangement draped across the center of my fine china plate was visually striking.  To the left, the cauliflower complemented mackerel and to the right it complemented a small bite of shrimp.  In the middle the cauliflower was made into a small taste of soup that was balanced in texture with a cracker spoon.  The flavors were delicate and interesting.  Impressive given that I generally do not like cauliflower.For the first course, I had the duo of Florida frog legs.  This was a gamble for me having been quite disappointed in the past with the frog legs at Jean Georges.  Surely at Daniel they would fare better with this preparation.  Indeed!  The presentation was elaborate and gorgeous.  Two frog leg lollipops flanked either end of an elliptical plate.  The gulf between was filled in with spinach (both fresh and pureed), mushrooms, and crispy shallot rings.  The plate was made complete by a tableside serving of two dollops of kamut berries accentuated with black garlic.  The kamut berries, a first for me, were simply exceptional.  An innocuous whole grain, these berries took on a prominent role in this dish.  They were an excellent way to bring a taste of butter to the dish through alternative means.  The frog legs themselves were not so diminutive here, and I found them perfectly prepared.  Further, they were nicely accompanied by the earthiness of the mushrooms and fresh burst of green coming from the spinach.  A perfect dish all around and among my all time favorites.  For the second course, I had the trio of milk fed pig from Quebec.  The trio was comprised of a roasted chop, an oblong parallelepiped of ham dotted with Romanesco, and a squat cube of smoked pork belly.  All of the proteins were gorgeously prepared.  My love for pork belly continues, and I was pleased with the smokiness of this particular specimen.  The chop was striking with its delicious meat emanating from the Frenched bone, and its impressive size dwarfing the pork belly.  The ham was okay, but I did not enjoy the frequent interruption by the Romanesco.  This was more distracting than appetizing.  Generally though, this was a solid dish; but I would probably be inclined to order differently upon my next visit.  For dessert, I had the warm guanagja chocolate coulant.  The cake was garnished with a gold leaf and housed delicious liquid caramel.  A streak of chocolate connected it the far end of the plate where a complementary ellipsoid of milk sorbet could be found.  Simple, delicious, and a touch of luxury.  A second dessert was then brought out in Natasha's honor replete with her name written on the plate in chocolate, sorbet, confectionary delights, and a lone lit candle awaiting the bated breath of a wishful young lady.  Compliments of the chef of course, and a lovely way to honor her on this occasion.  The mignardises were less than substantial here.  On a small rectangular silver platter, we were offered a pre-selected set of six small bite desserts including macaroons.  Additionally madeleines were offered.  In addition to the meal, we opted for the wine pairing.  Our sommelier was especially friendly and engaging.  He accentuated the festive nature of our visit and included selections of champagne, rose, and pinot noir.  Because both of our courses were paired with a Pinot Noir, he even encouraged us to swap glasses mid-course to compare the selection from Oregon to the selection from France as it enhanced the flavors in our respective dishes.  I loved the enthusiasm and the great knowledge he brought to our table.  All around, the service was impeccable and consistent with the very high standards one expects of a three star restaurant.  The decor was luxurious and grand.  Sitting side by side in our banquette, we were afforded a view of the main floor while still remaining aloof.  Across the divider from us, our dinner neighbors were none other than Howard Stern and his wife.  Whether you are a billionaire or a mere mortal hoping to celebrate a special occasion, a grand time will be had here.  Highly recommend.  The three course prix-fixe menu is $105 per person, and the wine pairing is an additional $60 per person.
<review# 1613,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2010,3/18/2010,487,104,20,21,16>We arrived at Minetta Tavern last night, with no reservation may I add (I like to live life dangerously), and were greeted by a bounceresque type figure.  "Enjoy your meal, do you have reservations?" "No. Will it be a while?"  "Nah, just make sure the bartender SEES you." (WINK)  Once we enter we catch notice to the 1930's revival décor (Keith McNally, you did a great job).  We are then greeted by the hostesses.   But the entire time they're talking to us, all I can think about is don't get distracted, 'I MUST GIVE EYE CONTACT TO THE BARTENDER!'  I'm pretty sure 'Charlie' (the bartender) thought I was creepy because all I did was give him eye contact.   He wasn't bad on the eyes, but I just wanted to make sure he didn't forget about us in the madness of the crowd.  (Interruption) "Is that Martin Scorsese?" (End interruption) 40 minutes and 4 couples later, Charlie looks back at me and smiles.  That was the sign, we could now be seated.    It was actually nice waiting, the entire time el novio and I made friends with 2 couples, and 2 Frenchmen.  One of the French men, I'm going to call him François, bought us 2 gimlets.  Merci beaucoup.And now.... for the pièce de résistance, we had the black label burger and dry aged Côte de Boeuf.    Of course, the black label burger was blue label perfection (but you already knew that).  El novio was most impressed, which says a lot because he is a connoisseur of burgers.  The Boeuf, superb, and the bone marrow, ambrosia...satisfaction IS guaranteed.       -----------------------------------------*Note, if you want to walk in, come before 7pm and the line for the bar isn't that long.  But once 7:01pm comes, be prepared to wait 30 minutes to a 1 hour and a half....be warned...thus, make reservations...or bribe the hostess with a free trip to the caribbean on your private jet...(*ahem* not that anyone bribed anyone)
<review# 1614,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2009,3/17/2010,611,712,24,20,22>Any place that can get my mother this giddy (let's pretend she hasn't had several mojitos) deserves 4 stars. Any place that can get my mother giddy, serve delicious Colombian/Costa Rican food, and please my grandparents DEFINITELY deserves 4 stars. As usual, the mojitos were fabulous and STRONG, making me quite buzzed after the first. As usual, my mother lied when she said she would only have 1 as we were seated. So predictable...We marched into Bogota, a party of nine, and were seated almost immediately. Fortunately for us they were offering the $23.00 DIne In Brooklyn prix fixe menu. This really made me happy as I knew there would be some appetizers for everyone, plus my very own appetizer and an entree. This is the kind of restaurant where you just cannot choose a single dish. Everything sounds so good. Usually I start whining and moaning because I can't get every single thing I want. The table ordered two empanada samplers, but we only ordered the Colombian empanadas. Fried cornmeal dough around fillings of chicken and potato (I've had better in Queens. Are you surprised?), and black beans and feta. I was convinced it used to be black beans and queso blanco but they were good nonetheless. The appetizer that came with my meal was the Patacon (!!!) con Todo, which is essentially a very large and flat tostone, topped with shredded chicken and steak, covered in shredded queso blanco, and served with guacamole and chimichurri. On this occasion it wasn't fabulous, lacking in the flavor department and was definitely difficult to cut (I think my arms are sore today). It can be a great dish so I hope it's better next time I visit. For my main course I chose the Pollo Sudado, a Colombian chicken stew with potato and yucca, served on rice with a salad on the side. I love stewed chicken, and the texture of this dish was quite good. It was too bad my boyfriend and mother were slurping up their Ajiaco next to me. I had some serious food envy and could hardly focus on the chicken. That or I was already stuffed. It wasn't *fantastic*, but it was cooked well and was very savory. They get points for making some really fluffy rice. Everyone else at our table loved their food. My grandfather adored the Pernil, my father loved the salmon, my aunt (and I!) loved her coconut shrimp. And judging by the way my grandmother (who wasn't hungry...) was picking up everything she could from our plates, she enjoyed it too. The only real minus was the noise. It definitely was not ideal for a family gathering. I'd rather come here with friends that can handle the noise than watch my grandfather hear the word "rosy" and repeat Rosie O'Donnell's name several times.
<review# 1615,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2009,3/16/2010,266,463,37,37,36>every time i walk by, i'm mesmerized by the unusual offerings displayed as enigmatically as a mona lisa smile and the mysteries abound waiting to be explored. in the past we have purchased fabulous curry, and bindi for the unlucky girls when they were younger.today the main agenda outside was raw turmeric and bitter melon. and so a little bit'o multiple choice QUIZturmeric can be used to repela. antsb. pigeonsc. laughing hyenasd. panhandlersturmeric is aa. a sassy freshwater redundant pearlb. bark from a budweiser treec. bbq'd ostrich elbowsd. a rhizome turmeric is often used asa. a recreational drugb. to make yellow colored finger paintsc. sneezing powderd. to make foodies weep with joy when they eat curry.turmeric is also used ina. aromatherapyb. for even cowgirls when they get the bluesc. for odd cowboys when they get the newsd. for cobra antivenin apparently turmeric is used for everything from a to z including as a depilatory, food colorant, as an antibacterial agent, in various religious rituals, as a spice, and it is also being used in medical research for the possibility of it being useful for stomach problems , alzheimers and pancreatic cancer. as for the warty and homely looking bitter melon, that's another story for another day- just 2 tips, don't eat it when it's too ripe, because the riper it gets, the more bitter it becomes and the red arils can be toxic for kiddies and kiddies in utero.
<review# 1616,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2009,3/15/2010,151,352,29,29,22>Taco flavored kisses, indeed. For less than the cost of a subway ride, you can have some authentic Mexican in yo Mouf!For those of you not in the know, 'al pastor' is a technique for roasting pork loaned from Turkish/Lebanese shwarma; take a hunk o meat, season it up, stick it on a vertical spit and top it with a pineapple (the enzymes break down tough parts and keep it juicy), then let it rotate and marinate until delicious, shaving bits and pieces as you go for consumption.$2 gets you a lovely lil taco served up in a double soft corn tortilla, filled with your choice of tongue, chorizo, pig ears, steak, a couple of other parts of mammals I'm forgetting...or the wonderfully spiced al pastor, which they'll top with a slice of the pineapple (it provides a nice sweet contrast to the savory roasted pork), homemade hot sauce, cilantro/lettuce mix, diced onions, and a light squeeze of lime. If in a truly gluttonous/drunk mood, I will eat 5 of these...but for normal hunger, 3-4 will suffice.I have no idea when they open, or even if/when they close - I've eaten here at 3 am on Saturday nights, and I've also passed at 5:30 am on Monday morning, and seen them filled to capacity with people ordering thick sliced bacon, fried egg, and crumbly white cheese tortas on that lovely buttery grilled bread they use for sandwiches. No booze (just Pepsi and fanta in a bottle) and no credit cards accepted - but when the tacos are $2, do you really need one? And so what if there's minimal seating (4 chairs around a table in the back) with only a ledge stocked with chili peppers, diced radishes, cucumbers, limes and homemade salsas (pico de gallo, tomatilla, chipotle) for eating - you're here for the *amazing food*, not the atmosphere.Taco Mix is the TROOF!(-1 star for the bathroom with NO SEAT. I'm not saying I'm trying to drop a deuce, or even plan to sit during my tinkle, but can ya'll at least install one for 'aiming purposes' so I don't feel like I'm popping a squat in the woods?)
<review# 1617,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2009,3/14/2010,229,165,14,16,10>I am a simple man who does not claim to know a lot. But of the few, few things I do know, one of them is that the Grandaisy Bakery Lumaca ("snail" in Italian) pastries are the bomb-diggity (yes, the bomb-diggity is a scientific definition). Flaky, buttery, with a raisin here and there tossed in for good measure... Man, they're all sorts of tasty.This is all the knowledge I wish to impart to you currently - hey! Don't give me that sass! That's all I got, honest! Be grateful! This one little nugget is a keeper.You're welcome.
<review# 1618,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2009,3/13/2010,275,454,14,26,22>Part II of the evening hangout with Srini, Atif, & P.K. involved a venture to a little known cocktail lounge called "Milk and Honey".I'll start by stated that Milk & Honey is virtually impossible to find!  Having not known it was there, one would easily walk by the entrance on three to four occasions before locating its entry way.  The front door itself blends into that of the neighborhoods, thus adding to the allure and mystique of this establishment.Upon entry into Milk and Honey, two velvet black curtains need to be surmounting in order to get a glimmer of the interior confines.  After overcoming the task of wrestling the two heavy velvet curtains, the hostess requested our name to confirm the reservation.  We were seated at a booth immediately past the bartender's station.I'll start by emphasizing the interior confines of Milk & Honey.  The initial impression of the establishment is the opaque and menacing nature of the color absent darkness is fueled by the subtle candle lighting.  Patrons at Milk and Honey will find that the visual perception of the restaurant must be observed from a point blank standpoint.  Walking through Milk and Honey is also a slight feat; the establishment itself is extremely small, with a width of approximately 6 feet from wall to wall.  Still, the surreal feel of the establishment did add a slight majestic yet tranquility to the atmosphere.  Milk and Honey is a cocktail lounge, thus, cocktails is what the locale should be focused.Drink 1:  "The Business" - Three simple ingredients...  Gin, Honey, & Lime.  That's it!  The drink itself was remarkably refreshing.  The slight drizzle of honey and lime provided a much welcoming amplification of the heavy bodied Gin flavors in the drink.  What should be emphasized in the remarkable drinkability of the cocktail, the smoothness of the consumption process revealed almost no distortion in the ingredients.Drink 2: "Aviation 1" - Calvados, Cassis, Absinthe, Lime.  Not sure if either the Calvados or Cassis is the violet portion of this cocktail but the violet additive helped to italicize the Gin flavor of this cocktail.  Generally, Aviations previously consumed during my tenure have been bold and brash.  Luckily, Milk and Honey's rendition revealed a refined equilibrium of flavors for which a delicate palate enticing sensation was observed.Two Drinks...  $30.00.  Nothing to see, tons to drink!  That's the allure of Milk and Honey and that's all that is.  I should further emphasize that Milk and Honey is indeed a cocktail lounge.  Most patrons attending M&H are there for cocktails.  Despite the incessant rules and obligations that are mentioned on the website, the overall perception of M&H is that it's a laid back, high end cocktail emphasis establishment that those who enjoy a superb cocktail would frequent.Needless to say, I need to get back in here again!
<review# 1619,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2009,3/12/2010,270,301,20,31,26>Conceptually, the Highline Park is a real triumph.  It's modern, it's beautiful, it's green (both politically and color-wise), and it is incredibly well-designed.  The benches and rolling chaise lounges are genius, the window over 10th ave is clever and fun, and the main path is lined with old track pieces and random weeds and shrubbery in a very deliberate, but very cool overgrown-train-tracks-in-the-woods motif.  The views, obviously, are spectacular.  There's only one problem with the Highline that comes to mind, and that is that it is in NEW YORK CITY.  There's no way this is ever going to be a relaxing place to go.  If at 3 pm on a cloudy Wednesday I'm already bumping into people navigating the narrow paths, I'm afraid to imagine what kind of shitshow it's going to be on a nice weekend.  Kate B mentions that access will be limited during peak hours, but how will that work, exactly?  Do you get a little buzzer like at the Cheesecake Factory and go hang out in Diane Von Furstenburg until a spot opens up?  I just don't see the park serving normal city park purposes.  It's more of a Parks of the Future museum--somewhere you'll check out once, and then only go when you've got people in from out of town.  It's in a neighborhood already overrun with tourists, and it's likely they'll make up the bulk of the park's visitors as well.   Despite all my cynicism, though, It is without question worth that one-time trip.  The Park of the Future, while perhaps not all that practical, is very, very cool.
<review# 1620,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2010,3/11/2010,206,554,25,20,14>I am standing in line, patiently waiting my turn at Doughnut Plant this past Saturday. I have been here probably ten times in the past and have loved every second of it, savoring the glaze that gets on my fingers well past the appropriate time for licking ones fingers. So I am in line and the person behind me is asking her friend about the Blackout doughnut and they both don't know what it is. I do know what it is and I know I am getting one of those.  Hmm, do you see the dilemma here? I want to be helpful because I am generally a nice and helpful person*, but I don't want to tell them how good it is in case they somehow leapfrog me and steal the last one. Do you see how ridiculous this is? This is what you will become on your 10th visit here, beware!I have now had virtually all the doughnuts here and have a love-love relationship with almost all of them, however, here are the best of the best:1. Peanut butter and jelly - This would probably make my death row plate. The contents are so fresh and flavorful that you have to slow yourself from devouring without talking. This is the doughnut that when your friend who got a different one asks you how it is, you say, "Not that great, you should stick to yours, it is probably better." Then you keep shoving the rest of it in your mouth until they can't have any because it is long gone.2. Any vanilla bean with jelly - I hate jelly donuts, but I would hurt someone for a jelly doughnut. The jelly is so tasty and it is complimented so perfectly by the glazed outer realm of the donut that it still perplexes me how much I like this jelly doughnut.3. Blackout. See my prior review for a description. Chocolate and chocolate with some chocolate on top.Everything else.  Coconut creme is good. I personally don't like the Creme Brulee, but most other people who I share it with do - it is the tiniest of all the doughnuts. If the guy ever knows my name here, I need to get some help. Until he does though, give me the PBJ at any hour.------------------------------------* can't verify the accuracy of this statement
<review# 1621,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/23/2006,9/26/2006,31,257,6,3,5>Tater tots are back in my life in a big way.  I have been pining for some since I saw Napolean Dynamite (in the theatre people, so its been a while), and I was honestly hurt to watch Napolean's pocket full of tots get smashed up.  I mean, tater tots are one of the best foods ever.  Like little baby hash browns, all small and tender, not fully developed into their larger form (you know, the kind that is sold at McDonalds).  Fried and greasy and crispy and I think I am about to give myself a foodgasm.Anyhoo, this place has some damn fine tots.  If I were to return to the Trailer Park Lounge I would forgo ordering a sandwich and just get a plate of these addictive little bastards.Why three stars?  One off for just flat out not deserving five stars, and the other one off for being a little bit too loud of a place.  And the bathroom stunk.
<review# 1622,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2006,9/25/2006,0,0,1,4,4>I'm a vegan except for when I eat ribs.There is nuthin like good ole fashioned southern cookin. Especially in a gown. People often consider me just a champagne and caviar gal. But little known fact is, my daddy's from Alabama. And  I love me some fried chicken, catfish, pulled pork, but especially KEY LIME PIE. And pies and thighs has (and I have investigated every place in NY) the Best Key Lime Pie I have ever had. I do not take this statement lightly. And the atmosphere is stunning; sit in the dark mildewy yet amazing Rock Star Bar, or in cement patio and enjoy the view of the massive cement wall facing you. Magic. Pure Magic.
<review# 1623,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2006,9/24/2006,7,0,12,4,4>Decided to check it out of curiosity. Got there after work, they served donuts and coffee, tang,tuna sandwiches..anyway , after we ate, this guy with big googly eyes stood at the podium and started telling us how L. Ron Popeil created the earth after the baste-a-matic collided with a microwave. The great leader set it and forgot it only to come back to earth 2 million years later after he remembered he forgot to set it and forget it. It was a little confusing at first,but then some martians came by and gave a power point presentation. Goodbye kabbala, hello Scientology.If being meshuga is wrong I don't wanna be right.
<review# 1624,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2006,9/23/2006,59,141,1,7,4>Yelp Elite Extraordinaire Camilla C. had her birthday here recently and it was a fantastic place for a group dinner.  I've had many a group dinner and it's difficult to cut through the chaos of ordering on both ends of the table and getting servers to take your drink orders in a timely fashion.  Bao 111 solves this issue by providing prix fixe, preplanned menus.  When we sat down, we immediately were served the first round of appetizers and the food continued to flow effortlessly .  I never once had to think about what I wanted to eat or when it was coming.  We were all provided printed menus though so we knew what was in front of us.  So great!  And the food that did come forth was fantastic!  I sampled various dishes including shrimp toast, spring and summer rolls, calamari stuffed wth prawn (very interesting looking combo), and basa fish curry.  I can't remeber what else. All were excellent.  Then FOUR types of dessert came out.  My goodness, my stomach was never so happy.  What a fantastic deal!  The servers were very attentive and drinks were readily forthcoming.  My one complaint is that all the mixed drinks were very weak and not that good.  Not the place to experiment with the $11 cocktails.  Overall, a great place for dinner, with or without the entourage. Two thumbs up for me.  I'm going back.
<review# 1625,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2006,9/22/2006,17,23,4,5,6>A friend visiting from Milan only wanted to eat in Times Square. "Who eats in Times Square?" I said. I was panic stricken. I would not eat at Planet Hollywood or TGI Fridays. In the end, we found Virgil's. We stood outside and examined the menu and I expressed skepticism and refused to take responsibility for the coming meal. Of course, we loved it, the food and the atmosphere. We sat downstairs. Everyone was chowing down. The fried chicken platter kept passing by on its way to other tables, and it looked great, so we ordered it, and it was. We also shared a huge caesar salad, enough for four people, which was one of the best I've ever had. The fresh buttermilk biscuits come two in an order, and I ate both by myself, using up all of the delicious maple butter. They were sweet and had the perfect weighty consistency. I had forgotten that some restaurants still give free refills on soda. I want to go back to try the barbecued ribs. The point is, I want to go back.
<review# 1626,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2006,9/21/2006,26,187,1,4,5>Picture this... rainy night, walking around after work and the gf says... "baby I'm in the mood for French..." Whats there to be done? Well i recalled from my lunch hour walks that there was this little unassuming French place on 82nd street. I say, well, lets walk a couple of blocks... WOW was our reaction. The decor, the environment, awesome. Nice wooden tones and very welcoming furniture, cozy decor, dim lights and soft french music in the background.We were greeted as and asked for our reservation.. we didn't have, but they were not overly crowded at that time so they sat us and proceeded with the proper pleasantries. All really cool and almost, well, not almost, very romantic actually! We sat at a corner table, cozy and warm. Ordered escargot, a nice Sancere white wine, some grilled chicken which was over green beans, cooked in bacon and she had a very smooth scallop plate. The chicken was awesome, very tasty, smokey. The scallops were really smooth with a hit of seasonings that wouldn't take away from the natural seared flavors. I highly recommend this place for a special occasion or if you just wish to indulge. Awesome atmosphere. Get your french on. Bring your gf she will like u more right after.
<review# 1627,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2006,9/20/2006,233,176,4,10,9>The trains might have been packed at times, the people rude, the heat relentless and the travel slow, with technical difficulties and constant stops, and yet unlike friends, lovers, cigarettes, and all other transient things in life, MTA never once failed me. It was always there for me, transferring me from one part of the city to another. It was there through the good times when I felt like going out for a cookie, through the necessary times when I had to make it to work, and through the bad times when I was so drunk I couldn't see straight to get home.I'm going to miss getting wherever I want to be whenever I want. I'm going to miss standing so close to people I have never met before and eyeing cute boys on the train on Sunday afternoons. I'm going to miss the smell of sweat, and the old man's groan on early weekday mornings. I'm going to miss gazing at the contemporary art on the windows, getting a daily update on the latest fashions of the city up close and personal, and I'm going to miss the roar of the machine, the underground giant that keeps New York City running.Yep, I'm definitely going to miss MTA, as well as, of course, beloved New York.
<review# 1628,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2006,9/19/2006,81,203,3,4,4>LOVE the ambiance here.  I went with 2 chicks and a dude (wasn't that a movie in the 80's...or possibly Skinimax?) so it wasn't a date night or anything but it was romantic as all hell.  We were seated in the cellar which in no way is a "it puts the lotion in the basket" kind of room but more of a spanish wine cellar with candlelight to boot.  My seabass was awesome and the cheese and charcuterie plate was incredible....and huge!  All wine suggestions were excellent and our waiter was so cute I could have eaten him if I wasn't so full from the cheese plate.  Even if you are not a Brooklynite it is a great excuse for an excursion over the bridge.
<review# 1629,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2006,9/18/2006,248,561,2,6,6>I just realized that my old review for Gramercy is now worthless.  The menu has changed since then and my experience with the place is different.  Somehow, over the last few years, I've become a lunch regular at Gramercy.  I know a lot of people's names there and about their lives and when I get seated at one of the tables along the wall, I feel like curling up as if I were at home.I'm not sure how this happened, because I'm really not there that often because I can't afford to be there that often.  But Gramercy Tavern is just that amazing.  It's homey while still being classy, elegant without being pretentious.  The service is excellent and the food is delicious.Two tips:  If you're going at dinner, don't fill up on the bread.  The fish is good, but the meat is better.If I had the money, I'd be here every week.
<review# 1630,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2006,9/17/2006,27,114,4,4,5>This place must be related to Chuck Norris because it kicks so much ass.  Bierkraft has an astonishing array of foreign beer and microbrews, not to mention a wide selection of cheeses and sweets.   It represents all that is good.
<review# 1631,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2013,3/13/2014,359,493,16,36,12>Cool spot!  TIPS if you want to go here:- Reserve your ticket online on their website (you dont pay online, you pay in person) to make sure you get a spot.- Sit in the middle section that faces the stage.  It's a much, much better experience- There's no coat check.  And the aisles are really narrow.  So don't come here right after you've gone shopping ALL DAY.. like the guy next to me.- Cheap drinks at the bar- The guy standing out front is there for line control.  Not to check your ID.  Although he'll look at it if you want to show him your super ugly DMV photo.- It's CASH ONLY when you get here. So bring them dolla dolla bills ya'll.
<review# 1632,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2014,3/12/2014,164,141,18,19,20>#16 I went with a group of Friends because we heard great things about this place.I will give a 4.5 to this places just because they was so issues...This is the first time i see in a restaurant do not give you bread, and the order took forever.But why i am giving 4.5 start? well,1. The server made sure that the entire table had their glasses of water filled and even the manager came around to check.2. The food: was some amazing, I order the Seafood Paella, one of the best I had in my life, it was a little spicy, but just perfect, I thought they read my mind in these one. The Paella is probably the most famous and popular Spanish dish around the world; In this Paella was plentiful in fresh seafood and had perfectly cooked rice. It was just perfect for me. I also had some Platano (frito verde) and yuca frita very good.Two of my friend, they ordered, El Arroz con Pollo, they told me that is was incredible. Very flavorful, moist chicken breast over rice flavored with egg and peppers with a excellent avocado salad.My other two friends shared the lechon that was very juicy.
<review# 1633,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2014,3/11/2014,105,195,36,11,10>I made my fiancée cry here.because she saw the bill.it was my birthday, her treat. oh wells, thank god we're not married yet! ;P7 course omakase with the upgraded wagyu beef to taste the very finest of chef morimoto's biggest hits, along a bottle of his speciality ginjo sake, and a carafe of his junmai. sh.... don't think about the cost of the meal... just do it.oh and our sliced scallop ceviche appetizer was an excellent way to start the meal off. if i have $500+ to drop, i'll be sure to come back here again. until then, i hear the chirashi is great meal to try here (in the a la carte menu).btw, did i mention that i made my fiancée cry here?
<review# 1634,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2013,3/10/2014,31,208,17,12,14>All of these reviews are like "the bartenders are great, they shake your hand," yadda, yadda, yadda. I have a much better story about the bartenders. I wish I had a video of The Incident because it is probably one of the best things (the best thing?) I have seen to date in a bar. Let me set the stage for you. It was Halloween weekend. The bar was crowded, but not packed, something like 10 pm. You might be interested to know they were running some unlimited drinks special, something like $40 for 3 hours of AYCD (they are doing a similar special for NYE). I was sitting at the bar next to a girlfriend. There were a couple of bartenders working. One was dressed as Batman. The patrons were varying degrees of drunk, but a very congenial bunch. In particular, there was one especially drunk Banana intent on flirting with every girl there, etc. He was harmless. However, there was one weirdo by himself, a post-middle aged man that I would venture to guess was under the influence of something in addition to alcohol. He was being seriously weird; it's hard to describe. He was standing behind me. I'm sitting there, chatting with Batman, who's slinging drinks and being very friendly when glass comes flying over my shoulder and smashing into the wall behind the bartender. Both of us are lucky we didn't get cut. The drunk post-middle aged man had smashed his glass into the brick wall behind me, and the shattered glass ricocheted across the bar. I can't even tell you how fast, so incredibly fast, Batman raced all the way down to the end of the bar and all the way back up to the front of the pub and pushed post-middle age drunk guy out of the bar (drunk guy's hand was bleeding profusely). Drunk post-middle age guy was furious, but Batman, oh-so-super-hero-ly forced him out and then SLAMMED THE DOOR! The whole bar erupted into applause and started chanting BATMAN! BATMAN! BATMAN!It was pretty epic. This is a no-frills kind of place. Very comfortable, not a see-and-be-seen place. I'd give it an imaginary sixth star if it would expand the beers on tap, or even just switch out the stuff you can get everywhere (like Guinness, Blue Moon, etc.) for a craft brew or two.
<review# 1635,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2014,3/9/2014,251,198,5,21,12>Dinner at Bohemian is one of the most intriguing meals I've had so far in New York. Bohemian is a "secret" Japanese restaurant hidden behind a butcher shop in NoHo, and the only two legit ways to get their phone number (which isn't publicized on their website) are to 1) get it from someone who's been there before, or 2) email them with a self-introduction as per the instructions on their site. I love Japanese small plates style restaurants, so I decided to take the plunge and email them directly. Apparently "Hi! I would like to inquire about making a reservation. I have heard great things about your restaurant and would love to visit sometime" didn't suffice; I ended up emailing them an entire paragraph about myself before getting a positive response, and a month later I was on my way to dinner there with three of my friends.After finding the butcher shop storefront and walking down the long hallway next to it, we rung the doorbell and were ushered into a small, living room-esque space. It was a very intimate, lounge-y atmosphere complete with comfy armchairs and a small Japanese garden. Our reservation was at 6:30pm on a Saturday and we were the first people there, but within half an hour the place was already filling up.We were too indecisive to pick multiple dishes to order, so we opted for the $58 tasting menu--1) Farmer's Fresh Vegetable Fondue - The server brought the fondue first, let it warm up with a flame underneath, and then brought out what looked like a forest of colorful veggies planted in ice. There were red and orange cherry tomatoes, purple carrots, bell peppers, radishes, and purple lettuce leaves. The fondue was made of cream cheese, and it was yummy and flavorful without being too rich.2) Uni Croquette - The inside of the croquette was filled with warm mushroom cream, and it was topped off with dollops of uni. The uni was delicious, not too briny tasting, though I wish there had been more of it... I finished off the uni long before I finished the rest of the croquette.3) Washu Beef Short Rib Sashimi - My favorite dish of the meal! A bit of internet research tells me that Bohemian actually sources its beef from the butcher shop out front, Japan Premium Beef, which sells some very high quality (and expensive) wagyu beef. Each person got four bite-size pieces, and the beef was extremely tender. It came with garlic soy sauce for dipping, as well as pickled cauliflower on the side.4) Pan Roasted Branzini- A big dish that came with two whole branzini. The fish was lightly seasoned, and very meaty and filling. There were lots of grilled vegetables with the fish - potatoes, zucchini, brussel sprouts, garlic (an entire bulb!), and green beans. 5) Ikura Caviar Rice Bowl - The menu gives you the option of choosing between either the Ikura Caviar Rice Bowl or Bohemian's Washu Beef Mini Burger, and I decided to go with the rice bowl. There was a plentiful amount of ikura on the rice, and it was super juicy. On the side were cucumbers and tosazu jelly. I didn't know what tosazu was so I was expecting it to be something like ponzu, but it was much less pungent - turns out that, like ponzu, it's a vinegar based sauce, but without the citrus flavor that ponzu has.6a) Honey Lemon Panna Cotta - The panna cotta itself was amazing, super milky and creamy. I wasn't a fan of the lemon jelly on top though; it was too sour compared with the panna cotta's sweetness.6b) Sake Panna Cotta - Two of my friends got this instead, since our server told us they were running low on honey lemon and asked if some of us were willing to substitute it with the sake one instead. It was presented with a shot glass of unfiltered sake to be poured over the plain panna cotta, which was pretty interesting. Great food aside, one of my favorite moments of the night was when the manager came over to talk to us. He had read my introduction email and proceeded to talk about everything I said in it. He also told us a bit about himself too. What a wonderful personal touch to dinner!Conclusion: Dinner at Bohemian was fantastic, and I know I'll definitely be back. The tasting menu was a good choice since it was our first time there, but I think I'll order off the à la carte menu next time to try some of their other yummy looking dishes.
<review# 1636,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2013,3/8/2014,379,192,12,17,15>Okay, I have only been here once but it was so much fun that it deserves a review. I am not nor have I ever been one to agree to a karaoke bar that doesn't have a private room for me to plop myself down in and belt out Total Eclipse of the Heart. But there i was, at Planet Rose, doing just that with my friends and a bunch of people that I don't know- but they were my BFFs 4EVA right then and there. AND THERE IS  A PHOTO BOOTH. All caps are totally necessary on that one. Because of the size it is a more intimate experience than you would expect. There was a point where I was dancing around with a total stranger and pretending to know the words but really just opening my mouth and closing it again like a giant carp (while surreptitiously trying to peek at the screen and still failing magnificently at not pulling off whatever song it was that I was carping to). Does it get any more fun than that? Nope. Thank you Yanill for introducing me to Planet Rose! I'm going back, you're going back, we're all going back. Sooner rather than later.
<review# 1637,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2013,3/7/2014,327,345,6,17,12>Hello, lover. So it was an absolutely freezing evening in NYC. I was all "hot toddies, please." But I really wanted to try something new, and all my old favorites just get so crowded. What's a girl gotta do to get a hot cocktail and a cozy armchair in this city? Make it herself at home?? Not an option. But.NY Mag had done an article on best winter bars, so like any self-respecting New Yorker, I jotted notes about the best looking places into my iPhone. I had this little list and picked The Third Man because it was closest to my apartment and also boasted hot mulled cider. I went with my bestie JAK. We literally couldn't bundle ourselves enough to be warm on the way to the bar. But that's okay because once we were inside, it was toasty-city. It was very rustic, wood, steel, more wood. A U-shaped bar right in the middle and a few cozy booth-like tables spotted around. There were two empty booths so we grabbed one. It was pretty awesome. It was all snuggly and raised off the floor, which always makes me feel just a little more tucked away. No waitress service, but that's okay with me, my legs arn't broken. The menu had quite a few drinks I would like to try, but of course I went with one of my top two winter favorites, hot mulled cider with whiskey. JAK got the same thing. It was really, really hot. We definitely couldn't drink it right away. Which was fine, because even though the bar was super warm, my hands were still cold, so I wrapped them around my glass. When I could finally try it, it was really good. No frills, classic and well flavored. It also had a really great whiskey to cider ratio, which is always a concern. Too much whiskey really ruins your hot cider. Not enough whiskey is a like child's play. These bartenders got it right.We sat for quite some time with our drinks. The noise level was low, great for conversation, but not so quiet you could hear the guy across the room from you sneeze. The patrons were friendly, everyone seemed to have the same purpose: warm up with booze. When we were getting ready to bundle up again and head back out into the cold, it was definitely far more crowded than when we first got there nearly 2 hours earlier (we arrived around 10PM on a Saturday). I'm a bit fearful about adding another five star review to The Third Man, because I'll bet you by next winter you can't get in, much less get a table. For now, I will enjoy the welcomed cozy wintery bar while it's still relatively easy to get a table. Cheers, Third Man. You won my hot cocktail loving heart.
<review# 1638,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2013,3/6/2014,50,157,22,18,10>I'm not a dessert person but I probably have mentioned it before. I'll take a charcuterie plate over ice cream any day. A bag of pistachios over a box of chocolates. And I'd take a cheesecake from S&S over all that crap.Do yourself and a loved one a favor and hop on the 1 train to the Bronx. Get off at 238th, walk to a nondescript warehouse marked "S&S" and then throw all of your money at the old man who buzzes you in (careful with your coins). It is just the most perfectly balanced cheesecake, flavor and texture-wise, I've ever had. I was going to be transporting it to a motley crew of sweet-tooth friends a few hours out by train. The old man assured me it would be fine out of the fridge-no problem. Not only was he right, but the bottom of the box was still cool after 4 hours.I loved it..the motley crew loved it..my diabetic friend with no self-control loved it..his damn cat nearly took my finger off when I gave her a taste. Bring this home for Thanksgiving or Christmas or, as one wise reviewer suggested, have a cheesecake shipped to the manager of a hotel you're going to be staying at for perks! Hell, send it to the damn jail warden to bump up your parole date! You'd be surprised what this kind of charity can do..
<review# 1639,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2014,3/5/2014,123,116,9,12,10>As I suspected, Fay Da is the bomb for all things non-dessert related! My friend and I wanted a cheap, savory breakfast after a night of debauchery and dance-induced paralysis. Initially on our way for some bagels, we stopped into Fay Da instead to see what selection they had. I do not kid you when I say they have things as cheap as $1.60! Penny pinchers rejoice! You can literally buy a FEAST for $5. How amazing is that? Warning for you credit card addicts, however, that this place is CASH ONLY. I went for the tuna pastry and split-pea scallion bread twist. My friend ended up buying a lychee bubble tea (her first one ever; shocking, I know), a milk bun, a sticky pork bun (another first), a puff pastry of some sort, and a mango mochi for later. My total came out to only $2.85. Bazinga! Prices I could groove with. When we finally sat down, I practically inhaled my tuna pastry. The mix of slightly creamy tuna chunks mixed with the sweeter pastry exterior was great. The bread twist was also tasty, but  nothing exceptional and a bit too oily. The friend loved her sticky pork bun but our love affaire with the milk bun was on another level. It looks like a regular sesame roll but when you bite into the gem, all you can think is this is what writers for centuries have been calling "love." A slightly saccharine-dry condensed milk mixture is found against the fluffy interior making you feel all warm and fuzzy inside like a hug from your grandmother usually does. While I know I'll definitely be back for some more Fay Da soon, the only reason I can't give a five star is because of the mysterious puff pastry my friend got. She slowly revealed this palm-sized "treat" and told me it was a preserved egg pastry. After taking a small nibble, she enjoined me to take the first real bite. Always down for a new foodie experience, I obliged. Holy mother of g-d this thing was awful. A strange, other-worldly mixture of ginger-fig paste filled the inside and as I retracted my horrified mouth from the pastry, I was privy to the BLACK egg on the inside. To say I gagged profusely would be an understatement. Of course, said friend found this hysterical and carefully discarded the "thing." Amusing? Maybe, but my taste buds were left contemplating what in the hell were you thinking???
<review# 1640,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2014,3/4/2014,343,357,14,17,9>You will never find me eating in Times Square a la the "Theater District,' -- for one, it's totally overpriced, for two, well, the lovely tourists I have to arm wrestle with to get a table.  However, Trattoria, my angel, my bella, my saint, man, you sure know how to put a big ass smile on a lady's face, doncha?  The service so good. The food so good. The company so good. My experience so good. Tally:  So good. We ordered a plethora of food, from the antipesto, to our main dishes.  And here's a secret:  I don't like pasta.  Shhhh, don't tell anyone that.  I know, what the sam hill?  I know, I really don't.  Pasta and me, we're like arch enemies, we really don't get along.  Why eat pasta when there's other things to munch on, I say.  But the angel hair pasta at this joint, I ordered it, and ate the entire plate!  It was that delish.  Yes, there are other Italian places to dine, but for the price, and the portions, and the unbeatable service, TT, I'm coming back for you, again. Oh, I loved their olives, too.  Green olives are just divine pieces of heaven.  And their bread, knock it off.  You'll thank me later, so in the meantime, I accept all major credit cards, cash, paypal and checks.  :)
<review# 1641,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2009,7/1/2010,117,171,14,17,14>I love, LOVE the food in Greenpoint.  I LOVE IT.   IT IS SO GOOD AND CHEAP.  Earlier today I was very hungry so I walk into a deli and order a mushroom and sauerkraut croquette.  DELICIOUS AND CHEAP.  I am yelling FOR EMPHASIS.Then I meet the lady at this here joint for lunch and holy CRAP you would not believe the amount of food they give you for $9.  Let me paint you a picture.First, they put down a bread board with a bacony spread, bread, and cucumbers.Then, at least at lunch, you order their $9 pre-fixe.  Yes, nine goddamn dollars.  You know what you get for lunch in downtown Brooklyn for $9?  I shitty sandwich, that's what. So I start with their pickled cucumber soup which tastes just like Russian potato salad.  Never had Russian potato salad?  You must!This soup had pickles, dill, peas, carrots, and onions in a creamy, wonderful broth.  The lady had the borscht and it was equally delightful, though I ate a very large bean that kinda freaked me out.  This was a giant bean.I knew not to finish the soup.  I could've just eaten the soup for lunch by itself, actually; there was so much of it.  So I ate about half.I ordered the pork cutlet with potatoes and a side of beets for my entree and it was huge!  The potatoes could've been hotter and some kind of sauce would've been nice but it still was quite good.  I couldn't even finish half.The lady got the Polish sausage plate with potatoes and pickled red cabbage.  Her meal was even better.  The kielbasa seemed to be braised with onions in beer, and the pickled cabbage was delightful.  She also couldn't finish.Then came the desserts.  They were pretty awful.  She got the cheesecake and I the apple pie.  Terrible.  But that was fine cause there wasn't any room left in our bellies anyway.When the server took our plates away I mentioned something about the size of the portions, to which she responded "In Poland we like to eat a lot of food".  I'll say.When I come back to this place, I'm going to do it better.  This is the kind of joint where you eat for two hours and take your time.  You make big gestures with your arms and hands while talking and you drink giant glasses of beer.  The service is great and it seems all the employees here are female, including the cooks, which I liked.  I will definitely be back.
<review# 1642,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2010,6/30/2010,200,110,17,25,19>Although my heart will forever belong to Ippudo, a one night stand with Minca left me feeling quite satisfied. Minca is a traditionalist ramen shop, the kind that fits in perfectly in the East Village, devoid of any glitz or ambience. It turns out bowl after bowl of steaming hot pork broth, slices of fat laced pork, and slightly chewy and dense ramen noodles. A side order of gyozas turned to be a plate of perfectly pan fried dumplings with a juicy and authentic filling. Minca is the perfect place to go when you don't want to deal with the Momofuku hype, can't stand the 1 hour+ wait at Ippudo, and don't feel like rubbing elbows with the NYU crowd at Setagaya.  The no frills attitude demonstrates respect for this great culinary tradition. With all the ramen joints scrambling to grab a share of the marketplace, Minca proves to me the reason why it earns top marks.
<review# 1643,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2009,6/29/2010,231,368,10,8,10>All outward appearances lead me to expect another average Japanese establishment catering to an American palate. Instead, I was startled by this extraordinary Japanese establishment catering to the adventurous American palate! Everything was Americanized in all the best ways. Even our waiter was ridiculously accommodating and amused as my friends and I spiraled further and further in the crass and shouty world that seems to be my life these days... he even joined in when everyone began flipping off my camera as I shot the food. It was a shame that we (they) had to eat the Tuna Dumpling which was presented to us like some wonderful editable Faberge egg. yelp.com/biz_photos/kAM_… More noticeable then the artistic merit were the obscene food portions; my Tofu Teriyaki was nearly an entire slab of tofu! yelp.com/biz_photos/kAM_… It seemed almost cruel to serve it to me knowing I had just single handedly eaten the Miso Eggplant appetizer - which also turned out to be an entire Japanese eggplant. yelp.com/biz_photos/kAM_…How I ate all this and drank two 325ml bamboo jugs of Nigori is a query worthy of NASA... ok, Myth Busters...
<review# 1644,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2009,6/28/2010,440,271,13,18,16>I am not Sicilian and this restaurant is the opposite of me. Everything about this place and food screams Sicily, I imagine Sofia from the Golden Girls telling Rose, Dorothy, and Blanche about this place "Picture this. Sicily 1912. Best friends who share three things: a recipe, some dough, and a dream." The place looks as though it has not been remodeled or even touched since it first opened 100 years ago, from the old heater in the center of the room, to the antique drawers placed strategically around the cafe to give it the home feel. Lots of newspaper articles and reviews adorn the walls, which i am not that fond of however I looked beyond because of all of the images of Italia and the respected familigia outnumbered the reviews... Highlights 1. Supposedly the ONLY place on the east coast to have Manhattan Special on TAP. Every time i tell someone that, they get so excited, and every time I try to convince myself I like the drink - i come to the sad stark realization that I may never be able to force myself into liking this drink... 2. The prices are considerably cheap for LUNCH. I wouldn't recommend coming here for dinner unless you had plans to be in the neighborhood or you live in the area. 3. I told the owner who is always present during lunch time and just loves to talk to others, that I never tried Panelle so he got the waitress to make me two and try them on the house... 4. Fried Calamari... MmmMm 5. The hot sandwiches but make sure you add "Ricotta and Cheese" for $1.00 to any one you get.... Sandwiches are 5 bucks on a roll and 8 bucks on a hero (the roll will fill you up) 6. Arancina Special (Rice ball Special) Classic Rice ball with meat, peas, sauce topped with Ricotta n Cheese will cost ya 6 bucks and you will get a basket of fresh bread to use for dipping... 7. There are only 2 daytime waitresses and i met them both and I love them both... 8. If you sit by the back window (the only window), you will see a cute little Brooklyn garden and a Madonna statue right in the center of it all, reminds me of "old school" Brooklyn backyards that always had the statue... Dislikes: 1. NO free refills... I could understand the Manhattan Special but I cannot for the life of me understand why places do that with regular easy to come by soda... So order water - you do know that Bklyn has the best water right? 2. The location. I walk here because sometimes i work nearby however if i did not live somewhat close i would not come here for dinner, MAYBE lunch on a nice day where walking is a touch easier... 3. The panelle, I expected so much and got nothing.... It was okay and sure covered in sauce and ricotta it would be better, but anything covered under those items would make it automatically tastier! 4. Come here for lunch not dinner, the entrees look on the smaller side and are not that cheap considering we are deep in the heart of Red Hook... 5. When you wash your hands in the bathroom, turn the water on just a TOUCH, I turned it on normally and it splashed all over me, well not like a Wet T-Shirt contest but almost...
<review# 1645,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2009,6/27/2010,851,191,6,17,12>I love love love the Scent of Peace! I had 3 bottles of wine with my friend at DBGB yesterday, had more wine at Mercat, decided on some apps at BondSt and while walking (barely walking) I realized I need to replenish my Scent of Peace supply. I am so glad I did. I missed this scent!I am a big Jo Malone fan but if it weren't for Bond's price point, I'd most likely shop here more often. Then again, the price point is one of the factors why I cherish the visits to this store and walking out with a baggy filled with months of comments from cab drivers, friends, loved ones - all wanting to know what I'm wearing. SCENT OF PEACE! Again, having background in fragrance, it's so personal to choose scents for oneself. I don't believe in men's, women's, unisex, whatever. You need to try it, love it, never smell it on yourself. If you smell fragrance on yourself, it's not for you. I am not a huge fan of the store's layout, sometimes I find the sales associates pushy but then again, I'm pretty darn good on clarifying that I am doing great on my own and will ask questions when I have some. Shawn and Michelle were working there last night and both could not have been more helpful. Michelle played Lady Gaga's Monster for me (special request) and Shawn was uber generous with samples, which I tremendously appreciated. I love having some of these candy wrapped vials in my bags ready to take a sniff and transport myself to the morning when the day was just starting! Big thanks for helping my friend who came with me - she's on a hunt for a signature scent and I told her we should totally visit Bond No 9. She did get her husband a bottle of Wall Street - will he like it? I'll ask. My favorites are definitely Scent of Peace. I love Union Square as well. Used up a bottle of The Hamptons and it was OK. I am testing the sample vials of Success is a Job in NY (Andy Warhol series) and the new Bond No 9 Signature. I am ready for a new addition to my scent library. :)
<review# 1646,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2010,6/26/2010,1768,545,15,24,18>*takes a deep soul-filling breath*Ohhhhh... In New York, concrete  jungle  where dreams are made of, Ohhhhh...*watches as everything finished vibrating*If you dream of succulent lobster on a mayonnaised buttery toasted bun and topped with a special mix of spices and more buttery, Luke is definitely the place to be. The hole-in-the-wall's and one of its famous seafood rolls is a great snack, but I would never consider it a full dinner (maybe for quick lunch). They serve their rolls well prepared with Maine's Root flavored root beer (I had the bluebberry flavor and it was fantastic) and Miss Vickie's Premium Kettle Cooked Potato Chips (chose Smokehouse BBQ). The bottles of root beer look like actual bottles of beer and that had our gang look like a bunch of silly college kids wandering E. Village without a care in the world.Back to the food, the ranking of the rolls would have to go:1. Lobster, the place is named for this!2. Shrimp, because it taste like the lobster3. Crab, found shell pieces and relatively flavorlessNext time, I'm down to try the clam chowder, which looked chunky--which is what I will be by the time I fill out their buy-10-get-1-free card.
<review# 1647,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2010,6/23/2010,226,316,20,16,19>How do you begin to raise a doughnut plant? Is the easiest way to buy them when they're little doughnut holes and plant them in a soil made of crumbled chocolate cookies? Do you give them daily nutrients by pouring glazes and milk over them, being careful to not to drown their little cake bodies? Or is the simplest plan of action to make your way to Doughnut Plant?Walking past the place on our way to meet some other Yelpers, Will C excitedly pointed DP out to me. "Soooo good," he crowed. Duly noted. I'm generally not a fan of these little baked circles of dough, but we later stopped by here. Needless to say, I was blown away. I scarfed down a tres leches doughnut all on my own. Cakey and not too sweet, this is hands down one of the best "hole" doughnuts I've had in my life. "Surprise me," I told the nice man behind the counter. And he did just that. When you bite into the crème brûlée's caramelized sugar top, it oozes a thick vanilla custard filling that is mouthwateringly enough to satisfy any doughnut connoisseur's craving. I'm so psyched by this filled doughnut that I could eat it everyday. It seems small, especially when you hold it up to some of the huge doughnuts that DP offers, but damn if it doesn't pack a wallop.My only regret was that I didn't partake in some of their chai - next time! I finished my late lunch of doughnuts about 10 minutes ago, and I'm still licking my fingers and considering going back for more.
<review# 1648,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2010,6/22/2010,487,104,17,12,13>Dear Balthazar,I heart you.  Thank you for making today's brunch with my good friend a memorable one.  Thank you for the delicious mimosa with the freshly squeezed orange juice.  Thank you for the chicken liver and foie gras mousse.  I especially enjoyed it with the onion confit and grilled country bread.  Although  you were a little stingy on the country bread.  But I forgive you, especially since the waitress gave us another basket (and didn't charge us the $18 she was supposed to, but that's between you and I *wink*).  My Balthazar steak was divine, and the pomme frites were fritey great!  Oh, and don't let me forget the maitre butter and béarnaise sauce.  When asked for either or, I said both...thank you for not judging me =)  The French toast, was deliciously well put together...and the bacon was top notch...  The side of scrambled eggs were a soft delicious cloud in our mouths (at $8 an egg, they better have been).  Most of all, thank you for being you.  You complete me.....Love,Luarnie B. and FriendP.S. One of my favorite movies of all time is the Neverending Story...when I watch it, I'll think of you....
<review# 1649,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2010,6/21/2010,253,439,9,12,9>This second-floor Korean bar/restaurant is a very cool spot, one that's not easily found. Came here last Friday night with a few friends. Our group included a producer for No Reservations and a special guest star from one of the shows, so you can imagine there was a lot of food porn photography to come. Loved the decor right off the bat. It's kind of funky with the netting and all the bottlecaps on the ceiling. Our table looked like an old Diesel can topped with a steel cap. Cool. For drinks we ordered soju, which came served in half of a watermelon. This wasn't really my thing, though, so I ordered a Sapporo too. This was one of those meals where I left the ordering to my frieinds. I know we got bulgogi with mushrooms (OK, not bad) and we also ordered the No. 8 -- which was a type of stew filled with just about everything you can imagine: sausage, ham, vegies, meat, noodles, rice cakes, even spam and cheese. My friends loved it, I *liked* it, but I can be picky and have a thing against cheese so that's no surprise. I must say it was an impressive dish. We kept eating and eating and it never seemed to get any smaller. It just kept oozing around the bowl. Overall, I'd say the food was pretty good but not great. Still we had an excellent evening, good company and a cool spot.
<review# 1650,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2010,6/20/2010,294,141,48,27,22>Imagine for a minute we are characters in Mean Girls.  You are Janis Ian and I'm hot new student Cady Heron (I miss old Lindsay Lohan...sigh.  I digress) and you're showing me the social structure at the tables at the Standard Beer Garden.  You point out the following: "Overdressed bright red lipstick girls who drink their calories", "Chic Gays", "Eurotrash playing Ping-Pong", "Hot douchey straight dudes", "Not-Quite-Hipster Nerds", "Jock Girls", "Nerdy Gays", "1OAK Girls" and "Hot Jews".  Naturally I take my lunch...err skinnygirl margarita over to the "Chic Gays" that I happen to know.  But think of the best possible people to throw in a blender in NYC and you have the crowd at the Standard Beer Garden.  It only took one visit to the Standard Beer Garden to decide that I will hold court here now one Sunday a month going forward.  It is simply a must!  Great surroundings, plenty of space to sit, play ping pong, flirt, eat giant Bavarian pretzels, or chat with bartenders.  They do only have 3 beers on tap, but there is also a full bar for more alcoholicly-zealous folks like me.  The bartender was spot-on my with my drinks.In general the staff is laid-back, accommodating and help to enhance the scene here at the Standard Beer Garden.I highly suggest coming here on the weekends for your daytime bacchanals.  God I love a daytime bender.
<review# 1651,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2012,11/26/2012,299,329,12,11,6>Hate to start this out on a nasty note, but y'all should know I (soberly) threw up after my dinner at Boqueria. In the street. (Never done that before - check on the NYC bucket list?) Yet... I STILL want to give the place 4 stars and come back for more! That says something. (No one else in my group got sick. Still, consider yourself warned. I think it was the chicken paté...)I had reservations with a group of 6 for the Chef's Menu, which came out to $40/pp without drinks, tax, or tip. After looking at their regular menu, my health-minded low-carb self feared I wouldn't get my money's worth. I was so, so wrong. The waiter kindly asked for our dietary preferences and restrictions, and then it all just started coming to the table, a couple tapas at a time.... again and again. And when you think it's over, there's MORE... and THEN STILL MORE with the incredible dessert course (which, for us, was warm churros and chocolate dipping sauce and a flan-like ricotta dish with fresh berries). I highly recommend this Chef's Menu for group dining (which will also secure you a reservation - sweet!), just DO NOT fill up early on.Most memorable items were:Hanger Steak with chimichurri: Most tender cut of hanger I've had, and perfectly cooked - I'd eat this as a meal, with a side of the delicious wild mushrooms we were also given.Bacon-wrapped and cheese-stuffed dates: Loved by the whole table, these were so rich I could barely take a nibble without hating myself. Chicken paté on sourdough and topped with a sweet caramelized something: my first experience with paté prepared this way, and I loved the combo of flavors and textures. Sadly, this was the dish I recall most vividly as I was crouching in the street on my way home, but I'd give it another shot. It was THAT good.Roasted squid with frisée: I love non-fried squid. What can I say? It was perfectly prepared. I think I started clapping when I saw this coming to our table. The sangria menu RULES, particularly the ones spiked with the hard stuff. Least favorite things were probably the fried balls of mushroom and cheese and ham and cheese. It's not that I don't like balls, but deep fried cheese anything hasn't entered my mouth in over 10 years (or 50 pounds ago).Now get your boca to Boqueria!!! And try the Chef's Menu!
<review# 1652,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2012,11/25/2012,196,368,4,6,5>I rolled into Hana Sushi on a Thursday night with my accomplice Caitlin P. to enjoy some raw fish and unfiltered sake - Hana Sushi delivered the goods on this.We were immediately seated upon arriving and noticed a very cool looking crowd already there rocking out - this was an initial positive sign.With Caitlin being quite open-minded regarding my sushi selections, we ordered the massive tri-color sashimi plate: this was way larger than expected aNd came out delightfully fresh. Nice job. Tuna, Yellowtail, and Salmon - down the hatch you go.It was so good - we ordered an extra serving of white tuna sashimi (a personal favorite of yours truly)As we were pounding the food, a cold bottle of unfiltered Nigori was the perfect beverage compliment.Caitlin ordered a couple more rolls as she wanted to get her eel fix and I just shared off her plates.Hana was a cool experience - the service was great (always smiling) and the food/sake hit the spot.Well played.
<review# 1653,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2012,11/24/2012,577,529,7,7,9>Damn these Frenchmen! First, it was Dominique Ansel and my instantaneous love for his kouign amann. Now, it's Eric Kayser, who has bewitched me with his baguette.It was early Sunday and my plans in the UES fell through. Remembering that Maison Kayser was in the neighborhood, I walked over. Needless to say, although the streets were fairly quiet, the shop was all abuzz. I couldn't decide on the pastries, but I knew that I had to try the bread. What can I say? I LOVE CARBS!So, I decided to get a pistachio financier and a baguette to share with my sister. Also - a very smart last minute impulse buy - an almond croissant. That croissant was the best decision ever! I thoroughly enjoyed the flaky croissant with the sweet almond filling as I strolled down to the movies. The only thing that could've made my breakfast better was a cup of coffee. But alas, in all the carb frenzy, coffee had slipped my mind.While I was in the movies, I couldn't help myself and tore into the baguette. It was still slightly warm and had the most amazing crust and a dense interior. Had I not restrained myself, I would have annoyed my fellow movie watchers with my incessant crinkling of the baguette sleeve to get to more deliciousness. Seriously, I had to restrain myself from eating the whole thing.Even hours later, when I finally met up with my sister, the baguette was still delicious. My sister agreed that it was also one of the best baguettes she'd had in a while. And, as for the pistachio financier - although slightly crushed, it was still great. The one caveat, it was a bit too moist. I know most people wouldn't complain about this, but it really could've been a little more dry. hahah But, we did enjoy the caramelized, crusty bits of the top of the financier - our favorite part of it for both of us!So, in the future, I'd definitely remember to order a coffee to sip with my morning pastry. I will definitely buy more bread, including the baguette. And, I look forward to trying other goodies. But, I do thank goodness that I don't live closer, because with my carb addiction, this place is truly dangerous - especially with all these Frenchmen running around...
<review# 1654,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2012,11/23/2012,566,339,8,8,6>Believe it or not, I normally don't even like pasta and would typically would never choose to eat it. However, the one exception is Japanese pasta - it was one of the things I loved to eat the most when I went to visit Japan. It was always perfectly chewy, not too heavy on the sauce, tasty and altogether delightful. I first heard about Basta Pasta from a coworker when I was talking about how much I missed Japanese pasta. I've been dying to try it ever since and I finally made it out there this weekend! I went with three of my friends from out of town for dinner. The ambiance was great - simple, fresh, clean, white. The kitchen is basically an open area in the middle of the restaurant, which I really appreciated.Basing my decision off of the Yelp reviews, I shared the sea urchin and the spaghetti con prosciutto e parmigiano with a friend. Both were delicious and I have trouble deciding which one I liked more, though I think the uni was more unique! The first was the perfect combination of very fresh, delicious uni and tomato. I also loved the parmesan and prosciutto combination - it is prepared in a large bowl of parmesan right in front of the table! My friend from Japan, who I would believe to be the expert in all things Japanese pasta, actually said this is the best pasta she's had in her life.Highlight of the meal...I was so ecstatic about eating this amazing pasta that I happily declared, "I am so happy...it feels like there are explosions of happiness bursting inside of me!" We all paused for a beat and then burst out laughing while I attempted to hide my horrified face. I am slightly embarrassed to share this publicly but I promised my friends I would include this in my review haha. To summarize, this pasta is absolutely amazing and heaven sent. Anyone who gives this place anything under 5 stars needs to literally get their heads bashed into a wall and checked into a mental institution because they would be crazy to think otherwise.You must try it and see what I mean about the fireworks of joy!
<review# 1655,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2012,11/22/2012,137,238,3,7,6>Having eaten at Masa - Neta definitely made me reminisce of that time.  I had the $125 Tasting (they have a a $95 option which is "less exotic") that has 11 courses.  By the end, you have very happily filled stomach. You can see photos of all 11 courses posted on yelp so I won't get into all of them, but the main highlights:Cocktail Glass with Toro and Caviar - this is supposedly on the menu for $48 but you get it as part of the tasting. They give you warm bread on the side to eat with it - I ate all the bread which was sad, bc i really wanted to stick my tongue into the glass to lick the remaining toro and caviar - but clearly this wouldn't have looked the best in such a nice placeToro Sushi - slightly darker pink color... in fact, what is great about all the sushi is how perfectly balanced they have the amount of rice to sushi.  You don't feel as though either side is lacking or too much.  Also, they have a nice wet napkin in a small dish for you to cleanse your fingers after eating each (they encourage you to eat with your fingers)The cocktails drinks are pricey ($15) and you don't get too much - to be honest, I would have skipped this and just had water as the food has enough flavor on its own.Definitely must go to place... PS They apparently do serve blowfish to their regulars - i didn't realize this, else I would have requested to add that to my meal!!
<review# 1656,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2012,11/21/2012,205,376,7,7,7>Lillie's is pretty much what you'd see if you entered the special corners of my brain. It's decorated elegantly, the ceilings are high, the windows are pieces of artwork.... and the drinks are strong as hell.I love the detail in the surroundings - I know it's mostly about the food and drink, but there is something to be said in the old school, class-ful feel of this place. No shiny, modern plastic here! The sitting area towards the back of the place is elevated.. I looked like a melting slug getting in and out of these seats (mostly because I was pretty tips and I am pretty shorts).Come to think of it... I actually like that you can be seated, and at a face to face (almost) level with friends, servers, and the managers - who actually continue to check up on you! Danielle (the night manager when I went) was great - friendly and attentive. The manager working before her (I think her name was Lynn?) even checked in on the tables before her shift ended. The ambiance and service of Lillie's is a lost art.The drinks were strong.. which means perfect and delicious. Well worth your hard earned dollars. The food was surprising good also - I always thought it was just a bar, meaning: a pit stop before the restaurant, but there were a good number of tables who were obviously there for the food. Food crowds/seats in the rear, the bar and the noise up front - I appreciated the division.It's located super close to Times Square which, admittingly, is slightly cringe-worthy... except everyone works in mid-town! Suck it up, cause once you get here, you won't feel like you're drinking off broadway.Can't wait to go back and am very seriously considering a potential birthday event (in the smaller downtown one) this summer?!
<review# 1657,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2012,11/20/2012,94,492,34,13,12>Holy finger-lickin, Batman. I hope each chicken killed to become a Malecon chicken thanked the butcher before its head was chopped off. I'd be honored to die if I knew I'd be turned into something so delicious.$12.50 gets you:- A whole chicken. I repeat: A WHOLE FUCKING CHICKEN.- White or yellow rice. A lot of it.- Beans. We got black beans.- Tiny cups of green sauce (awesome sauceome).I've paid more for a freakin' salad in Midtown before. Whole chicken beats salad. Every time.We indulged ourselves by ordering pastel de tres leches (literally Three Milks Cake, but that sounds gross) which was THE BOMB. All sugary and sloppy and delicious. And I love how gay The Heights is becoming. Malecon was full of Maricons. Just sayin'...
<review# 1658,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2012,11/18/2012,282,158,6,7,5>Dear STK Rooftop,Thank you for reminding me why I fell in love with this city. After months of dreary weather requiring boots and heavy coats, I saw the light (literally) yesterday on your roof as I basked in the sun, overlooked the water, and danced my way into summer  with other fun-in-the-sun-loving New Yorkers. You gave me (and the other 100 or so girls) good reason to bust out the short shorts, sunglasses, and wedges and for that, I (and probably most of the males who made it out) thank you.As if the view of the high line down below and the beautiful people surrounding me wasn't enough, you housed what may have been the best DJ EVER. From DMX to Avichii to Motown, he didn't miss a beat and even the coolest of New Yorkers were on their feet by the time the sun dipped low on the Hudson. While I probably don't want to know how much they cost, the sangria and mojito pitchers we ordered to secure the table went down effortlessly and played no small role in the vibe. The cocktail waitresses never left us waiting, though the guys at my table perhaps wished they'd stuck around a bit longer. Sadly I did not have the opportunity to try your non-liquid options, but the tuna tartare I saw floating around looked divine and gives me one more reason to return.Cheers,Taylor B.
<review# 1659,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2012,11/17/2012,205,245,5,8,8>I just went in today to finally check out Schutz' first US flagship store and WHOAAA. STUDS GALORE! 90% of the shoes were decked out in studs. The store has a sexy, mysterious vibe to it...dark with bright lights flashing underneath and over heels, pumps and flats. They have a whole section where you buy a pair of pumps and get a pair of matching flats for free. I'm not sure how long that deal is going for, so hurry up and go buy!The girls that work there are not overbearing (thankfully!), and are very helpful. I love that Schutz is affordable...their prices range from $125 to $300. Not bad for a store located on Madison Avenue, eh?
<review# 1660,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2012,11/16/2012,157,490,15,21,22>Their price points may be out of whack relative to people's expectations of what Hummus and Shawarma should cost, but Al-Bustan might serve the best Lebanese food in the city. Frankly, I could care less about the Zagat rating (19-20 over the years) and that from folks that should be working off their tires. But, I am disappointed by the yelp average, and suspect it might well be impacted from perceptions from a prior incarnation. My own perception has actually changed dramatically for the better over the past few weeks. Initially, I couldn't be sure that they merited 4 stars. While, the entrees were good, the appetizers were hit and miss. In fact, the first time I ordered Batata Harra thinking they would be spicy, they lacked any seasoning, and my South African colleague had to liberally sprinkle salt to coax some life out of the potatoes. That said, he enjoyed the Grilled Kafta, as much as I did my Shawarma Lehme (Beef).My next visit was with a vegetarian friend, and the appetizers (Moussaka and Muhammara) lacked anything distinctive about them. However, the entrees were both excellent, with my friend ordering the Kibbeh Lakteen Bil Saniyah (baked pumpkin and cracked wheat stuffed with spinach and chickpea), and me ordering the Dajaj Bil Hamod (chicken sautéed in Lemon and Spices).By now, I had begun to appreciate the depth of the menu and the inclusion of dishes that I hadn't seen anywhere else in the city. And, then, I discovered Fares. This experienced server might seem distant to many, but he warmed up to me when I ordered the Moloukhia. With a glint in his eyes, he confirmed whether I did want the dish, and then beamed at my selection for I wasn't playing it safe with the Kebabs and grill items. A few minutes later a server appeared with 5 different containers: 2 containing chopped onions - one in lemon juice and the other in vinegar; one containing pita crisps, one containing rice, and another containing a stew with mallow leaves, chicken, and cilantro, cooked in garlic sauce. This was the best dish I've had lately, blending in different tastes and textures. It far outshone the Hummus bi Lahme (chickpea dip with sautéed lamb), which by itself merited 5 stars. My dessert selection was the Kunafa and it was a different melt-in-the mouth texture than the Palestinian and Turkish versions I've tried in the city. Convinced of the wisdom of listening to his advice, I have placed my selection at his hands ever since... something I rarely do. He's never let me down. While endorsing my selection of Arayes Bil Jibneh (toasted pita filled with Halloumi cheese) for appetizer, he walked me away from the Kouzy after describing its limitations. Instead, he asked me to order the Mahashi (Gray squash, grape leaves filled with rice and minced lamb with a tomato based gravy) - with the assurance that if I didn't like it, he's bring in anything else from the kitchen. You can't get that sort of money-back guarantee anywhere! His recommendation for dessert was the Muhallabia and that too was very different from similar versions I've tried in Lebanese and Israeli restaurants (that call it Malabi, often substituting corn starch for rice flour). The biggest differences were in the consistency and taste of the syrup, and in the small cheese pillows that accompanied the flan-like milk pudding.I don't see their lounge taking off anytime soon, and it's too big a space for the few (mostly Arab) customers that show up. But, it would be a crime if Al-Bustan were to shut down, for their Home Specials truly live up to their name. So, you might not be tempted to go in on a regular basis, but do keep them in mind for a special, and unique experience. Be bold, and go off the beaten track....
<review# 1661,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2008,3/15/2008,78,413,13,15,15>I have been wanting to try Via Quadronno ever since I heard, from 3 different people, that Via Quadronno makes the B-E-S-T cappuccinos in New York. And after 6 months, I finally got to try them - and they did not disappoint! As the lovely Jessica B says, this place makes 'relentless foam'. My cappuccino was so thick, so creamy, so utterly delicious, so... superlative! If I lived in this neighborhood I would likely be a twice-daily customer. My friend and I split a cookie (a tiny, thumbprint cookie.. difficult to split), and even though it was so tiny I swear it had a pound of butter in it. It melted right on my tongue. The service is friendly and efficient, and the staff knows their product. The seating of the cafe section is very rustic, which means little wooden seats or benches, and tables so tiny that if you are taller than 5'5 you will have trouble fitting your legs under them. The restaurant inside is cozy and lively, and the outside is inviting and festive (with lights and a decorated awning).The only minuses of Via Quadronno are the high prices (you are paying for quality, though!) and the crowd - I think I saw every color Ralph Lauren cable knit cashmere sweater ever made on the men here - typical UES old money crowd.5 foamy, smooth, creamy, buttery stars! Can't wait to try their food.
<review# 1662,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/26/2007,3/13/2008,157,490,22,39,31>"IF I live to write about this, I would now give the restaurant a 4 star rating!" So, I observed to Steven V and Victoria H, after we were each offered a complimentary glass of wine - subsequent to complaining about the volume of the background music. The owner had come forward, offered his apologies for being unable to switch it off (he did turn it down, which was our request as opposed to shutting it off), and tried to temper our discontent by slowly pouring the wine to fully unleash its amazing aroma! I must confess that the red wine (Alberto Longo Nero di Troia Le Cruste Puglia 2005) was one of the very best Italian wines I've had in recent memory!To expand upon my fears, this had been my second complaint about the volume, after the initial one had merely registered a brief stare off. That this followed an earlier request for the provision of salt to fortify the Polenta (with meat sauce and porcini mushrooms), brought incredulous stares from my two sincere friends and well meaning dining companions who obviously know this borough and SOME of its colorful inhabitants much better than I do. "You don't do that in Staten Island!" Victoria admonished me (mostly in jest, I hope!); "You don't know where they've been!" Bolstered by the slightly chilled house red wine I laughed back, "Well, they don't know where I'm from"... followed instantaneously by a request that my epitaph read "Here lies a courageous man", as I would like to be remembered - as opposed to "foolhardy"!Ok, any colorful personality types (none to be found in this restaurant) jokes aside, I've thoroughly enjoyed my two trips to Enoteca Maria. My interest had long been piqued by the concept behind the place where six Italian grandmothers take turns in the kitchen so that every night restaurant patrons enjoy traditional home cooking from a different region of Italy! It thus pays to do research and look up the restaurant's website as to which grandmother is cooking the day of your visit, and what the menu will be like.Regardless of who is running the kitchen that day a visit to Enoteca Maria begins with a complimentary tray of antipasto, the contents of which change daily. The tray is accompanied by homemade focaccia. This past Sunday, dinner (2-6 pm) featured Porchetta, Pate Figato, Trippa Milanese, and Bocconcini Mozzarella. In an earlier weekday dinner (which I recommend over the prix fixe Sunday menu) I thoroughly enjoyed the roasted red peppers, eggplant, and the mushroom lasagna. While the Pasta with four cheeses (gorgonzola, parmigiana, fontina, and ricotta) was the highlight of the Sunday dinner, generally the pastas are all well executed. I've also enjoyed the pizzas, with the Sfincione highly recommended for those that like pizzas without cheese. The Enoteca Maria version of Sfincione is like a huge brick (a few inches high!) of focaccia topped with garlic, onions, tomatoes, and red peppers.The desserts include fresh fruit, biscotti, a pear and chocolate torte (Recommended), chocolate cake, and my personal favorite: a Nutella torte. This exquisite dessert displays layers of ladyfingers, nutella, sliced almonds, and whipped cream with cocoa dusting. While it reminds one of Tiramisu, the flavors accented are not coffee but hazelnut, and perhaps anise? Exceptional, capable of being shared by two, and essentially: a must have!Enoteca Maria should feature on the bookmarks of any self-respecting foodie looking to sample excellent regional Italian cuisine and wines. That it has not yet been stampeded by visitors from Manhattan can only be explained by the recalcitrance to travel outside the borough. Take the advice of such a man of "inertiative": it is well worth the ferry ride!
<review# 1663,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2008,3/12/2008,107,154,17,20,23>Sing, Muse, of the epic hunger of our heroes. Three valiant ones from Morningside Heights braved the torturous journey across town through traffic and storm, finally reaching their destination in the Upper East Side where, on 3rd Avenue, in between 75th and 76th, egos were questioned, abilities tested, legends were made, and glory was attained. The battles was to take place at La Tour, an impregnable fortress of French cuisine, whose challenge of never ending bowls of mussels drew our courageous heroes to the call of greatness. Despite a humble front on the outside, La Tour proved to be an intimate cavern of a culinary experience complete with dim lighting, walls decorated with framed photographs and antique movie posters, and pretty boy waiters.  Though it was an all you can eat, its quiet and rather elegant ambience warned our heroes that today's war was not like the Chinatown buffets, but must be fought with wine and class.The battle began swiftly. Our heroes called out their demands against the intimidating foe of never ending mussels and La Tour answered with great speed. To our heroes' beckon came the blue cheese bowl, the Dijon bowl, and the Provence bowl. Though the mussels were not as delicious as our heroes hoped, they were still fresh and still worthy opponents. The blue cheese bowl was the heaviest but also the most delicious of the group, hitting hard with its rich flavor and broth. The Dijon bowl also proved to be formidable, as its spices were distinct and complimentary to the mussels. The Provence proved to be a let down, as it was more like a warm salsa than French herbs.  And alongside the bowls of mussels came a cup of fries, who tried to distract our heroes with its tasty and crispy goodness. As the night continued, the battles ensued. Though all the flavors available were consumed by the second round, our heroes continued, eating their new favorites. Though wine broth turned out to be a let down, the blue cheese remained a valiant adversary. But by the end of the third bowl, our sole female warrior succumbed to the ferociousness of the battle, and retreated to battling the fries. Though ashamed to have not kept up with her peers, she was soon joined after the fourth bowl by her friend. Only one hero was left, and he continued to pull apart the mussels while guzzling down Scotch. It truly was an epic night. Though our heroes could not match the legendary deeds of the 10-bowl man or the 9-bowl woman (so told by the gorgeous waiters), they left La Tour, happy to have vanquished hunger and to have gained glory-- all for under $100. So into the night they went to battle their next foe-- sobriety. (And yes, they won that one too)
<review# 1664,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2008,3/11/2008,270,301,64,33,32>Brunch at the Rainbow Room:  A Choose Your Own Adventure!(a)  You have decided you'd like to have brunch at the Rainbow Room.  Good idea!  In late September/early October,  make a reservation for a month ahead (best time for peak foliage views, see pics).  This is not necessary in a Babbo kind of way, but you need time to prepare.  Now, check your bank account:  Are you rich?  If yes, go to (b); if no, jump to (c).(b) OK moneybags, think of this month as training. The goal?  Stretch out your stomach as much as possible so as to maximize your stamina on RRD (Rainbow Room Day).  For the 3 Saturdays prior to RRD, you have brunch at Balthazar, Golden Unicorn for Dim Sum and Clinton St Baking Co, and Bubby's, Norma's and Pastis on Sundays.  Nice job!  Have you been hospitalized with coronary artery disease?  If yes, go to (d); if no, jump to (e)(c)  I'm sorry you're so poor.  But you're going to feel like a queen/king if you can just manage to save your pennies this month, so here's the deal:  No brunch for a month.  In fact, no going out to eat at all this month! Two words:  Top Ramen. You're going to blow over $100 on RRD (Rainbow Room Day), so you need to save save save!  Now, have you been ostracized from your social circles due to a month of non-brunching?  If yes, go to (f); if no, go to (e). (d) Unfortunately, you're stuck in the hospital and have lost your RR reservation.  You can almost see the pretty trees in Central Park from your window if you crane your neck, but that would disturb all the tubes you've got attached to you.  Maybe next year!(e)  You've made it!  RRD is finally here!  Now is when all that preparation pays off.  First, don't act like a greedy tourist.  Go check out the view, it's incredible.  Keep in mind that once you're in, you're in and you can stay and eat as long as you like (for reals, I think I stayed for 4 hours), so pace yourself!  First, have some deviled eggs with caviar, and don't even feel bad bout taking 12 and just eating the caviar off the top.  Then, go nuts!  The buffet spins so you don't have to work so hard to get your shrimp cocktail, sushi, steak, custom omelette, vanilla bean french toast...it never ends.  Take a break, walk around, and then go back for 2nds, 3rds and 4ths!  Once you're tired of savory, hit up the dessert bar for fresh crepe suzettes (fire!), chocolate-covered strawberries, pies, cakes mini mousse cups...stuff yourself silly!  You earned it!(f)  I hate to tell you this, but you're poor and friendless now--in other words, a loser, and losers are not allowed in RR.  Go find a sugar daddy or something, and try again next year.
<review# 1665,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2007,3/10/2008,25,18,14,14,18>I was introduced to yelp at Verlaine's by the amazing and alluring Roderick A. I found a great bar and a new internet obsession. Only fitting this is my first review.The drinks were great and kept on coming. I remember the calamari being delightful, as were the wings. The atmosphere is exactly what I want in a hip Happy Hour place.AND ALL THIS FOR FOUR BUCKS A DRINK!!!word son, I hope to go again and meet more yelp strangers.I love talking to strangers.
<review# 1666,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2008,3/8/2008,2348,322,76,40,43>I was there today for the second time.It's a very good burger. The fries were a little over-done.The burger isn't as good as Shake Shack, but what is?Burger Joint gets very crowded around 12:30 and there is a very long line.  Being that it's on 57th Street the line if full of dweebs in suits.One of the dweebs, a tall one, decided to be a prick today. While I was carrying my food the the table he wouldn't get out of the way so I could pass. He had room, but ...he's a dweeb.So, I took my forearm and shoved him out of my way exclaiming, "Get the fuck out my way, bitch".Seeing him scuttle away made my burger taste even better._____
<review# 1667,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2008,3/7/2008,579,280,15,18,23>THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE COTTAGE ON IRVING PLACE, NOT THE ONE ON THE UPPER WEST SIDE!!!!This restaurant if it can talk has seen a LOT of puzzles, defiance of physics, toys and magic talk. Was here twice this week for the Toy Fair after-parties. I've been here over 50 times because this is a big magic meeting place for magicians, intellectuals, puzzle masters, celebrities and  toy designers. For instance, the inventor of "Tickle Me Elmo" was there! Geek out! I don't like puzzles, but after this toy fair, I sat there because I was sucked into the new puzzles of sexy and intruiguing:1) I opened a silver suitcase, inside, it smoked dry ice. Inside was a clear tube with wires, gadgets, and a silver ball bearing suspended in air. A red counter on one side began counting down the hours, minutes, seconds. It looked like a bomb. Holy crap--it was a bomb!I had to solve this bomb puzzle before the counter went down to zero. I had 8 hours. If I didn't solve it, it would actually melt inside the clear canister and self destruct. There is only one available now, and it goes for $500. Cool!2) solve a puzzle that was index card sized, it looked like a makeup compact with an Egyptian etching on the surface. In one move, I had to open it. The only clue I had was when the Pharoh's eyes glow red. Creepy. I have no idea how it works. 50 Euros--yikes!And then a cool puzzle:*Try to create a picture of Einstein using these slide boxes, but the pictures keep vanishing and appearing. Weird. Can't describe it in words very well.*Hold a dodecahedron in your hand, tilt your hand, suddenly, it turns into a polyhedron then a hexagon, then suddenly it turns into two cubes. All done by the way you view the angle of the toy. JESUS CHRIST!!!!!!" The laws of physics broken again--I love it!So we're doing all of this over really greasy Chinese food and very very rude servers. I always say, I don't think they really have hospitality schools in China like they do at American Colleges. MInus one star for bad attitude, but it keeps 4 stars for what it is, and for their tolerance of a roomful of crazy creative types running around playing with toys and levitating. If you're looking for New York style Chinese food, this is it. Greasy, yummy good, but their ingredients are always decent, they use real straw mushrooms and lots of brocolli, so...it's decent, but not gourmet and far from authentic.So these trays of fried scallops come out, standard beef and broccoli, I did try the whole fish once, but it was fried. How can you screw that up?Back in the day, they used to give out free wine with dinner, I thought they stopped doing that, but according to Megan, maybe they still do?
<review# 1668,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/7/2007,3/5/2008,4860,175,60,25,29>Wait, when did H&M decide to triple their prices?My bad - It's an Espirit....The brand still exists?- - -To their credit, Espirit's quality is slightly better than H&M's.  That said, I'd prefer to spend more/less - I'm not a fan of mid-range pricing.2 levels of nicely lit, nicely spaced & nicely organized merchandise.Clothes, bags & accessories.- - -The space formerly housed a Barnes & Noble.  Because the city clearly needs more clothing stores & fewer book stores./sarcasm
<review# 1669,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2008,3/4/2008,138,146,13,24,25>Wow. This is the best espresso I have ever had in the USA. Ever. I wanted to climb inside the cup and bathe in the smooth, delicious, rich but not bitter, dark and tasty goodness. I actually ordered a double cappuccino ($3), but the barista here (so eccentric, so great) makes a very dry cappuccino. I liked the sparing amount of milk, but I bemoaned the small quantity of foam (a 1/2" at most), especially because it was extremely good, dense, succulent foam. I'll ask for lots more next time.I also ordered a (manual, not machine) drip coffee ($2.50) to go, which was tasty for drip coffee, and insanely, overwhelmingly strong. I had to add whole milk in equal proportion in order to get my coffee to the desire medium-brown lightness and be actually drinkable. That's sort of how filter-manual-drip coffee is, and it was tasty, and powerfully caffeinated,  but I'll stick to the espresso drinks.They offer breakfast specials (at 10:45 am on a Sunday morning, this place was JAM PACKED), and I tried a bite of spanish onion frittata ($3). It literally melted in my mouth, it was so delicate and tender and cloudlike, allowing the pure, sweet onions to shine through flavour-wise. The pain perdu with fresh ricotta ($3) is also utterly amazing, and the other pastries ($1.50-$4) looked just as delectable. I must try them all.I love that they use organic milk (organic valley, my preferred brand) and organic soymilk (silk), and only offer natural, turbinado-style sugar. Nothing but the best, here; no compromises. Pure excellence.
<review# 1670,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2008,3/3/2008,59,7,112,29,47>New Years Resolution: Lose weightRole Model: Mary-Kate OlsenPlan of Action: Eat/Drink just like Mary-Kate Olsen.I have seen Mary-Kate Olsen being photographed several times at this exact Starbucks. What better diet to be on than your skinny role's model. Back in January I went on the Mary-Kate Olsen dietDay 1:Barista: Welcome to Starbucks. What May I get you?Allison: What does Mary-Kate Olsen drink?Barista: huh?Allison: Nevermind, I'll have the umm... Cinnamon Dolce LatteBarista: With whole milk?Allison : umm....yeahBarista: What size?Allison: umm...I don't know large. Mary-Kate seems to like them big.Barista:VentiAllison: I guess. Is that big?*he holds up the cup*Barista: Do you want whipped cream?Allison: Whipped cream is tres MK, sure load it on I payed, moved to the side and waited for my drink.Perfect, Got my drink, put on my oversized sunglasses and went to class.My impression of Cinnamon Dolce Latte: Too sweet, did not like it. Those damm diet foods rarely taste good.In class:Classmate: You actually went to a Starbucks? OMG Allison, are you feeling ok? Allison: Yes, I am on the Mary-Kate Olsen dietClassmate: !!????!?!??!???! WTFDay 2:I returned to Starbucks more preparedBarista: Welcome to Starbucks. What May I get you?Allison: I had the Cinnamon Dolce Latte yesterday and it was too sweet. What else do you recomend? What does Mary-Kate Olsen drink?Barista: I don't know what she orders. Do you like Peppermint?Allison: Yes, it is in my toothpaste. I use Tom's of Maine, it is all naturalBarista: Have you tried Peppermint White Chocolate Mocha?Allison: hmm..sounds interesting. Wait hold on***Got my cheat sheet out of my pocket: HOW TO ORDER AT STARBUCKS: # of shots, size, milk type, syrup add in, whip cream or not, then finally, drink name.**  Yes I'll take the 2 shot, venti with whole milk and whipped cream Venti Peppermint White Chocolate Mocha Barista: Anything else I may get you?Allison: Hmm....never seen MK eat one of those stale pound cakes in the case. "Nope, that's all"I payed, moved to the side and waited for my drink.Perfect, Got my drink, put on my oversized sunglasses and went to class.My impression of Peppermint White Chocolate Mocha: It was pretty good. Does not taste like toothpaste. In class:Classmate: You are still on the  Mary-Kate Olsen dietAllison: YeppersClassmate:*rolls eyes***NOTE: Even though it has peppermint in it, it still leaves you with coffee breath**Day 3Barista: Welcome to Starbucks. What May I get you?Allison: I'll have the 2 shot, venti with whole milk and whipped cream Venti Cafe Latte Barista: We do not normally put whipped cream on cafe latte, do you still want it?Allison: Sure, Mary Kate Olsen seems to always be breaking rules. Yes to whipped cream.I payed, moved to the side and waited for my drink.Perfect, Got my drink, put on my oversized sunglasses and went to class.My impression of Cafe Latte: My other 2 drinks were sweet. They forgot to put sugar in mineIn class:Classmate: You are still on the  Mary-Kate Olsen dietAllison: they did not put sugar in thisClassmate: you suppose to put it in yourselfAllison: WTF? I payed $5 (with tip) and they cant put sugar in this. The other 2 drinks that I had was sweet.Classmate: That is because you ordered a drink with a syrup that makes it sweet. This time it does not have syrupAllison: why not?Classmate: I don't know. It is how the Starbucks Gods want it. Did you do the homework, can I copy of you?Day 4Barista: Welcome to Starbucks. What May I get you?Allison: I'll have the 2 shot, venti with whole milk and whipped cream Venti Cafe Latte do not forget the sweetness this timesBarista: The sugar is right behind you*I turned around, sure enough milk, sugar, straws everything is there*Allison: oh okay. That's all I'll have then I payed, moved to the side and waited for my drink.Perfect, Got my drink, put on my oversized sunglasses, put sugar in my Cafe Latte and went to class.My impression of Cafe Latte with added sugar: it's yummy. I think I found my regular drink.Classmate: You are still on the  Mary-Kate Olsen diet?Allison: yeppers. I put sugar in it this time. It is awesomeClassmate: You know those starbucks drinks are loaded with caloriesAllison: uh huh but Mary Kate Olsen is skinny and I will be too after Starbucks.Classmate: whatever, Allison*repeat 7 more times*Like all new years resolutions, they fail. On the 11th day I could not get my now fatter ass into Starbucks. I give up. I am not meant to be Mary-Kate Olsen thin.
<review# 1671,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2011,9/26/2011,593,1089,11,18,14>I never really caught on to brunch - I don't have anything against it, but damned if I wake up before 2 PM on weekends. having a date on Sunday changes that. made a reservation on Saturday night as I thought it'd be busy - it actually was busy, but not packed. as an engineer I prefer the "cover your ass" method, though.my eyes - okay, my stomach - settled on the "Astor Disaster". French toast, short rib, an egg any style (I asked for fried), bacon, cheese, and onion rings, with some home fries on the side...for those who remember their G1 Transformers, this thing was the Devastator of brunch - each of its components is good on its own, but combined they kick major ass! I was prepared for extermination...and there was nothing left on the plate when I was done!the girl had the fried oyster and egg sandwich. it was quite the huge sandwich and she enjoyed it. I ended up eating some of the fries she couldn't finish. you can't take me anywhere.brunch comes with a free bloody mary or mimosa. I had the bloody mary (known here as a Bela Lugosi) - it was perfectly spicy. I forget what drink she had (it was neither of the brunch options), but she enjoyed it. I had a second drink - the Fedora Punch. an interesting mix of bitter and citrus flavors mixing together.the atmosphere is excellent. there was a piano player doing his thing in the corner; the place has this sort of 1920s/1930s vibe to it; service is fast and attentive; prices are really good. total bill was 46 bucks for 2 brunch dishes and 3 drinks, which seems fair (drinks are pretty potent here).I am a huge fan, as I see many of my fellow Yelpers are too. I will definitely be back!
<review# 1672,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2011,9/25/2011,393,406,30,19,12>I'm no stranger to cart food, but I was wondering how the shawarma here could be so much better than average. Now I wonder how it's possible to eat twice your body weight without dying.The chicken platter came in a container piled high with tons of chicken, white sauce, lettuce, tomato, yellow rice and even some un-ordered falafel. It was $6.I sat in one of the plastic chairs in the parking lot and shoveled chicken in my face behind an unmarked van. I felt like a chicken pedophile. I tried to leave some leftovers for tomorrow.I just got home and ended up inhaling the rest while listening to rhythmic music and angry-sounding Arabic chants on their website.This was the juiciest, most flavorful shawarma I think I've ever had. Long live the king.
<review# 1673,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2011,9/24/2011,734,760,7,18,10>After wandering around from each vintage shop to shop, I think I've finally found my go-to vintage shop. Let me tell you, the journey had a few bumps. Some of the shops had either too ancient items that goes back to the 1940s, overpriced used items, or grandma clothing.But AuH2O is different. You can find good, I mean GOOD brand name items still with tags on them on the $5 rack or $10 rack or on the racks, what a steal! The $1 jewelry/accessories pan is always delightful to go through. The moment you walk in, you'll receive a warm welcome by none other than Kate. The shop is tiny but great as well, which is something you rarely find in most vintage stores that smell like dead rats or something old. The $5 and $10 rack is always there, which is always tempting for me to walk out with something. I recently got my mother a brand new Tocca blazer for only $5! Has everything for everyone, whether you prefer a more conservative, mature Jackie O look to plain old basic shirts.
<review# 1674,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2011,9/23/2011,548,384,22,19,22>*Bias switch on*Nevermind my gut-wrenching feeling that a real "patisserie" should be diametrically against hatching little egg-shaped franchises, keeping instead a solitary (and unique) aura, that therefore presupposes the quality of its baked goods. However true my feelings might be, we cannot say we weren't forewarned of this patisserie's capitalistic endeavors; indeed, the words "Financier" precede those of its own purported craft, signaling to the principled that they are in fact, poised to large-scale investing projects before anything else. But to avoid being crass -for such is not the proper conduct of a baker- "Financier" is also the name of a small French cake. Let them eat entendres. In the meanwhile, Financier has been doing a terrific job cloning itself in various nooks and crannies, giving tired New York workhorses a pint of flare on their coffee breaks, and most definitely a far better tasting cup-of-joe than the one brewing on Pax, Gigi's, the local Delis *shudders* and soil-flavored Starbucks. From Marjolaines, to Éclaires, toTiramisus, the Financier on Third Ave. does carry all the standard (and some other surprises as well) goods to swoon the workforce that inhabits this desolated part of Midtown (to be fair, there are some very nice Mom-and-Pop bakeries on First Ave. and the high Fifties, but those of us who work near Lex or Third WOULD NEVER stray that far East on our coffee break) Needless to say; this Financier is incredibly convenient. Skip the Lemonade, stick to the Joe, and order their Havane or Languedoc sandwiches whenever you've had enough of nearby Katagiri (like once every never-ever of course)But it takes more than convenience for me to turn a blind eye to strictly complimenting solitary (and unique) efforts and endeavors in this oh-so commercially putrid era of lack of quality and individualism; Financier Patisserie brings something else to the whole forsaken barren Earth that is Midtown Eat Manhattan; the heavenly, mouth watering sweet respite of Macaroons. And while not perfect by any stretch of the mind, the presence of these precious little things on my work day are worth 4 biased stars. And 4 grams of fat to my waistline. Alas, poor abs I knew you well.
<review# 1675,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2011,9/22/2011,404,259,10,31,20>Alright, Alright. I hear you. There are a few things in need of fixing at Marcus Samuelsson's Contemporary Soul Food joint. That said? Most of the super negative reviews are just a bunch of Haters. There is a ton to like here. Don't dock a restaurant 2 stars because you made a reservation a month out and expected the moon. Just head up right after work and sit in the bar area, on any day of the week. It's actually pretty damn easy. Let's go over the Pros and Cons...DRINKS:Pros - For me, this place serves the some of the best drinks in Harlem right now, even if the bar is a bit limited. Granted that's not saying much as there is very little competition. Please do not mention 67 Orange (holy crap that place is WAY overrated). Red Rooster focuses mostly on their infused Bourbon's and has some great originals. Personally, The Dillio is the best thing on the menu (Peanut Infused Bourbon, Canton Ginger, Lime and Muddled Dill). Close runner ups include the Brownstoner (Nutmeg Bourbon, Cherry Herring and St. Germaine) and Big Red Rooster (Cinnamon Bourbon, Dolin Rouge, Averna and Orange Bitters). The Peanut Bourbon is amazing though, and I had a Peanut Bourbon Old Fashioned made off menu that was just awesome.Cons - It's a restaurant bar, and as such the variety of bottles is somewhat limited. Earl of Harlem Cocktail looks like it's stirred but it's a shaken drink with Lemon that is not mentioned on the menu. Drinks are downtown pricey but not quite at the level of a good downtown cocktail bar.FOOD:Pros - Food tastes pretty bangin! First of all, the Fried Chicken Caesar is a total revelation with Smoked Vinaigrette and a Runny Egg on top.  Also love the Fried Yard Bird. Good Fried Chicken with an almost candied crust. The Mac & Cheese is delicious. The cornbread is unbelievable. The Meatballs are very tasty as well, and I love the lingonberries that come with it. Best of all is probably the Whiskey Fudge for dessert, which is intensely packed with flavor and topped with Macadamia Nuts. We also enjoyed the Coffee & Donuts. Overall, not one miss on taste.Cons - Yes, it's pricey for the portion sizes. The Meatballs (you only get 6) and Cornbread (2 pieces) are probably the biggest offenders here. Definitely coming back when I hit the neighborhood. If nothing else, I would come here repeatedly for that Caesar, Peanut Bourbon, Mac & Cheese, Cornbread and Whiskey Fudge.
<review# 1676,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2011,9/21/2011,399,1361,34,23,19>We New Yorkers are a funny bunch. We'll wait on a line for over an hour for something that has the town buzzing but God forbid if we're told five more minutes for our reserved table.So I wait on this hella long line and I'm imagining the Ladurée caramel fleur de sel. Holding it in my hands. Taking the first bite and tasting the salt and the "grab" from the outer shell. Oh yeah boyee..I get to the counter and ask for 12 Caramel fleur de sel.(French Accent) No, Sorrie, we are all out.Ok.... Orange Blossom?(French Accent) No no. Sorrie, we are all out.I start shaking like a crack head. (Brooklyn Accent) Lemme have Cassis, Pistachio, Coconut, Raspberry and Chocolate. Oh yeah and a Madeline.Ladurée is a cute upper east side store. They sell expensive jelly's and French candles. Just something to point out. There is a long line and everyone is loving the Macarons. Great! There is no way that I'm spending $70 on a candle unless they have scents like "Stripper" or "Burger King".So, I bring my purchase outside and rip open the box like a crazed person and I bite into a Ladurée Macaron. My first impression was they are very fresh and Its smaller than what I expected. It kinda reminds me of Kees Chocolates. Soft. Delicate.I have to chalk this place up to Clinton St. Baking Company. Great place to visit once but the line is mind numbing, I liked the Macarons but I'd rather go to La Maison du Macaron on 23rd with no line.Enjoy!
<review# 1677,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2011,9/20/2011,1368,622,14,22,19>Ahhhh I hate reviewing this place. Only because I just don't think the whole world is aware of such a jewel near Time's Square that is NOT overpriced or touristy or downright tacky.... BUT, I made a commitment as a Yelper to spread the word on all restaurants deserving of my praise. So here goes: I freaking love you Dafni. Does that make me a lesbian? No, not yet, but if I continue eating your delectable Greek fare I think I might have to change teams. In all seriousness though, Dafni has become my favorite Greek restaurant so far in the city. Why, you make ask? Here's why!#1. They bring you hot and toasty complimentary pita bread triangles to start with accompanied by tasty olive oil and vinegar. Just pace yourself accordingly or you might just eat the entire basket before your meal arrives then you are  f*cked (and not in a fun way)!#2. The Melitzanosalata appetizer is to DIE for.  Melitzanosalata is a baby eggplant spread made with garlic and olive oil. It was freakishly delicious, garlicky, full of eggplant and I ate up every last bit of it with all the hot pita bread I could. I had to duke it out with my boyfriend over the last specks on the plate.#3. Calling all large and yummy entrees! I had the lamb kebab and the boy had the chicken slouvaki. Such huge portions and tasty! Both came with delicious tsziki sauce, zesty cucumber salad and we opted for the rosemary mashed potatoes! So good. And because there was just so much food, I actually saved half for lunch the next day. Yaye for spreading out meals and saving even more money.#4. Service! Great service as well. The waiters are nice but not too chatty. The restaurant itself is simple- tasteful and casual. #5. Price! You usually don't see quality and quantity go hand in hand in the vicinity of Time's Square for such a good price! Dafni offers very affordable plates and you get a lot of fare for the money. Always a plus.So what it comes down to is... Dafni is definitely my new favorite restaurant near Time's Square plus my new favorite Greek restaurant in NYC. Whenever I go to see a movie in TS I check to see about dinner at Dafni afterward. Trust me go after the movie otherwise you might have to bring your leftovers into the theater which we did last time.... people started looking at us funny because we smelled so good.
<review# 1678,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2011,9/19/2011,1319,184,7,20,16>I never would have found Telepan without Yelp, as it's neatly tucked away on 69th St. with a very unassuming entrance. But boy am I glad I did!Everything about Telepan was top class, from the service to the ambiance, and of course the food. Do yourself a favor and pony up the dough (around $60, if memory serves) for the 4-course tasting menu. You'll be glad you did. The portions are relatively small, but with four delicious dishes, it's enough to fill you right up.I started with the vegetable-bread soup, which was a light soup with a piece of bread soaking at the top. It kind of reminded me of a French onion soup, but without the wicked breath.For the mid-course, it was lobster bolognese, a spaghetti in light tomato sauce with a chunk of lobster meat on top. The pasta was great and the lobster fell out of the shell and melted in my mouth.My main course, which in reality wasn't any larger than any of the other courses, was the roasted chicken, which was the most tender piece of chicken I've ever eaten in my life. I barely needed a knife to cut it, as it practically fell apart at the touch of a fork. The gnocchis on the side were also amazing.But, as usual, the meal's highlight was dessert. Telepan S'more. Eat it. WOW! A dark chocolate brownie on the bottom, a giant toasted marshmallow in the middle, and graham cracker ice cream on top. Oh good God was it awesome.My (wonderful) date and I also shared a reasonbly-priced bottle of white wine and our total bill, including a 20% tip for excellent service, was just over $200. Not a bad deal for such a great meal (rhymes!). Telepan is great, and since they open at 5 p.m. for dinner, that gives you more than enough time to have a great meal before heading down to Lincoln Center for a little culture. I definitely want s'more of Telepan.
<review# 1679,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2011,9/18/2011,274,615,8,20,13>My expectations were high and they were met. I will keep this review short, but sweet.  Is it worth the hype, oh yes, I believe so.  Service: outstanding.  Our every request was honored and the staff went above and beyond to make us happy.  I was very very impressed.Food:  delicious.  I loved almost everything, from the seared tuna appetizer to the palette cleanser, especially the peppermint ice cream served with dessert. The only thing that actually wasn't good to me was the chocolate souffle.  I just didn't care for it, but our waiter more than made up for that by stuffing me with cotton candy and various chocolates from the bon bon bar! Also, brought me more ice cream. I was a happy girl!  Presentation was also really nice, portions were satisfying as well.Ambiance: this is a great place to come celebrate a special occasion although we were not, most of the people around us were. It's got a very welcoming atmosphere, too. Not too stuffy and very elegant at the same time.  Great for a romantic night out.The only thing that would have made this better would be if Gordon Ramsay was actually there :)  Otherwise, a wonderful experience and recommend doing the splurge.  Definitely earned their Michelin stars here.
<review# 1680,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2011,9/17/2011,2672,175,18,17,18>I've eaten here so many times that I got to be the duchess (woohoo!) so I figured it was high time for me to write a review. I'm going to keep this one short and sweet because I'm pretty boring when I eat here. I sit at the bar because there is more room than when you sit at the tables and the bartenders are cool and they take extra special care of you. Also, I order the same thing every time I visit. I'm a creature of comfort. What can I say?Tedd, the bartender, is awesome but he's not always behind the bar. The rest of the bartenders are really nice too but Tedd is my favorite. I'm a big fan of the Jalapeño Quencher drink (see photo). Also ask Tedd about the "Death by Chocolate" two desserts and a drink combo that we created and prepare for the yummiest chocolate overload ever!The oysters at Aquagrill are the best that I've found in the city which is why this is a popular favorite amongst other aphrodisiac lovers. My personal favorites are the Blue Points and the Wellfleets, of which both pair perfectly with the Kaori sake. My favorite dish on the menu is the "Grilled Yellowfin Tuna with Crispy Jasmine Rice Cakes and Wok Seared Vegetables in a Ginger Peanut Sauce". Cravings for all the good food and drinks that Aquagrill serves up come every so often, hence my earning the coveted "duchess" title. Now don't anyone try anything funny and try to usurp my title and even attempt to take that groovy crown next to all of my check-ins away or I will shuck you up! Wocka Wocka Wocka! And that's my cheesy joke for the day folks. I'll quit while I am behind. *cane pulls me off stage*
<review# 1681,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2013,4/2/2013,979,1051,7,13,6>Does GUDE GUDE=GOODIE GOODIE?!?!HELL YEAH, this place offers a TON of comfort food goodies to satisfy your hunger!This place is a hidden gem that serves snack style food items like Burgers, Hot Dogs, Fried Foods, Fish balls on sticks, Satays, Bubble Teas, Smoothies, etc. I got the Pork Banh Mi ($4) and Fried Scallops (8 pieces for ONLY $2!!!!) The Pork Banh Mi Sandwich was made fresh, HUGE and it was pretty good!! Not the best but for $4, it seemed SOOO worth it!!Staff or the young Chinese guy behind the counter speaks fluent English and the place is very very casual and I saw a lot of kids coming in here for a quick snack or just to hang out. I even saw a group of young Chinese kids play Chess with this old Black man in one of the tables while having a snack. If you're looking for American comfort food like Fried items, a Vietnamese banh mi, Bubble tea, or any Asian snack food item in the area, this is the place to go to. It's not a fancy or super clean (by this I mean like some tables have crumbs on them and such) but hell, it's CHEAP and TASTY and where else will you get 8 pieces of scallops for only $2??? TOTAL WIN MY DEAR XIE XIE
<review# 1682,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2013,4/1/2013,637,1575,10,15,12>Alert... this is a craft beer temple.  First time I was there:- Dark horse oatmeal stout- Allagash Fluxus- cool puerto rican dude working behind the bar offering all sorts of beer suggestions, and friendly conversation.- good 80's music playing on the HI-FISecond time I was there:- black IPA which I was told is "malt forward"- victory nate IPA- cool tattooed dude behind the bar offering suggestions, and great banterBoth times this place was a real win.  What does malt forward mean?  Well I'd be glad to explain, thx for asking!.Most beers have a 3% abv (alcohol by volume).  Turns out this amount is too low to bottle & *AGE* beer like we do with wine, sake & liquors.  However, those studious trappist fellows figured out that if you raise the alcohol level to 8% or more you can keep the beers for a long time.  Beers in this range have that so-called malt flavor aka malt forward flavor because you taste the malt first.  So some IPAs and many of the triples the Duvels and Delirium Tremens of beers will have that malt taste as well.Now we both know.You going on a date, take him or her here.  This place is great for beer lovers, and lovers who want to share a beer.
<review# 1683,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2012,3/31/2013,399,1361,8,8,6>Amélie I love you! And I loved the movie, its cool they named their place Amélie. I wanna name restaurants after movies I like, Ronin, Rocky, Slaughterhouse-Five..So for French Restaurant Week, I selected Amélie for dinner. I must have walked past this place 1000 times. Here's the best part, for happy hour they have a wine flight that, I don't know how they make money. For $10 you can have a 3 glass tasting of ANY wine on their wine list, except full bottled wines. Holy Moley, I chose wine from Oregon, Italy and France. All for $10 bucks? And they were generous pours? Singing the Jackson 5: Sit down girl, I think I love you!Their price fixe dinner was pretty incredible. I started with burgundy escargots gratinée in garlic parsley butter. A great starter but my breath? I could have burnt down the village, its was pretty fierce. If you're on a date, stay clear of this dish. Unless you can tell she's a life soul sucking stooge. Then, order two dishes. The escargots are shelled and put into a special dimpled dish with a bread crumb topping.For the main entree, Roasted duck leg confit with sautéed wild mushrooms. Now how do the French take a duck and bring it to such high levels? The duck confit made at Amélie is very rustic and flavorful. I'll even go so far to say incredible.The Creme Brûlée with Banana was good, but I was reeling over the duck with crispy skin. The next time I come here, I know what I'm gonna order:Frisée salad with warm bacon shallot vinaigrette topped with brioche croutons and a poached eggWhole Brook Trout pan-roasted with sautéed haricots verts and sauce GrenobloiseListen, I don't know what Grenobloise is, but it sounds wicked good!I love Amélie!
<review# 1684,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2013,3/30/2013,162,86,37,9,25>Here I am, grabbing Il Buco by his fancy shirt collar, pushing him against the beautiful exposed brick wall in his skylight-brightened dining room, roughing him up with the jagged heel of a crusty loaf of bread.And this is what I mutter menacingly into his confused little face:"Look here Il Buco, do you know why people order lasagna at a restaurant?  Because it tastes good, yes, but also because it's a pain in the ass to make for yourself.  You gotta go get the sheets of pasta, just to get home and realize half of them broke on the trip home.  You gotta get a truckload of cheese, and you need to find your one baking dish, and then you have to spend an hour scrubbing off the baked on whateverthefuck entrenched into the pan.  And then you gotta sit on your hands for hours WAITING for the thing to get ready, like some high maintenance girlfriend whose scent teasingly wafts through the apartment but doesn't let you touch her until you're dead on the floor with impatience.And then you fucking have to eat that lasagna for a whole week because you live a miserable, lonely, existence with no one to share your pasta with.THAT's why people order lasagna when they go to a fancy place like Il Buco.  So, if you're gonna be a witty motherfucker and decide to serve some kind of deconstructed, post-modern, NON-LASAGNA, with what looks like strips of TORN lasagna sheets, and no cheese 'xcept a few shavings of parmesan, and it basically is, really, just a small plate of pasta that a fella' coulda made for himself quite simply, then you either gotta SAY SO on your menu, or that dish better SING like the 3 Tenors of Noho, and shatter the cold cobblestone conglomerate that is my doubting heart.Your lasagna did neither, Il Buco.  There was no warning on your menu and the lasagna dish itself had a simple, bland, flavor profile with no sharpness, acidity, or heat to add interest and buoyancy.  And I'm speaking to you in this fierce and passionate way because... because... I like you.  There, I said it.I like you!  I like your space.  I like your service a lot, from the waitress to the busboys to the hostess, who were attentive yet chill, never projecting any anxiety to the diners.  I like your bread, which is crusty yet never punishing to the tender roof of the mouth... a rare feat.   I like your pickled vegetable sides and espresso-laced desserts. And I... I'm beating you up over one pasta dish because I want to... to... love you, Il Buco.I. want. to. love. you."And now I'm kissing you on your blubbering lips, shoving you away as you whimper for more, wrapping my face in my crimson scarf (the color of heartbreak), and stealing away into the ghostly midafternoon light, certain to return.
<review# 1685,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2012,3/29/2013,139,1138,5,8,7>5 stars for being open on Thanksgiving. 5 stars for the customers dining on this day as the ones we sat next to made for an enjoyable family like meal with photos, story swapping and all. GET the butternut squash soup! I mean, GET IT! It was heavenly. Quite possibly the second best soup I've ever had. The flavor, the texture, the gingerbread croutons. The amuse of the halved fig topped with goat cheese was to die for. I wanted to order a plate of them. Their bread, yes it's amazing. My 12oz Filet was cooked to a perfect medium rare. The house made steak sauce was delightful but really not needed as the steak was perfect au natural. They had some special sides for the holiday so we went with the traditional stuffing and whipped butter potatoes. Both were just ok in my book. The shining star of a side dish was of course their famous corn creme brûlée. So good that one per person really should be ordered. Desserts were mid road but the creativity and presentation behind their ice cream creations did not go unappreciated. The brown butter pecan sundae was fab but I'd skip the banana s'mores ice cream cake. The sticky toffee with fig ice cream is a must. Corkage is available for a modest $35 for wines not on their wine list. Speaking of modest, i felt that the meal for the price we paid was a steal. Corkage, 2 soups, 2 steaks, 3 sides, 3 desserts, 2 coffees, all for $214 pre tip. Not bad if you ask me. Our service was just ok but the waiter that was helping the table to our right and down was Fantastic. He stopped and chatted with us a bit so I felt like he was ours in a way. A beyond enjoyable Thanksgiving meal. This might be the start of a new tradition.
<review# 1686,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2012,3/28/2013,3042,749,14,17,14>(Magnetic poetry can be contageous if you click on the photo you'll see. post your own magnetic arrangement:) House made goldfish at the bar.  Locally sourced menu! Wow. And...  Magnetic poetry for your dining entertainment! "Like" :)  L&W Oyster Co is certainly a welcomed addition to the neighborhood!I was having a steak across the street about a week ago and noticed L&W had popped up. Wandered in close to 6 pm and took a look around. Great looking creative space with fun grown up toys?? Had to try a few drinks. The bartender made a fantastic Manhattan and apparently the chef used to work at Per Se.  The food that I had was delicious, but it was stiff competition with the drink. Ultimately the three chefs (all beautiful women) next to me and I seemed to keep drinking... and when I woke up the next day I wished that I had tried more of the food. *ouch* Hellloooo hangover.If I lived nearby this would be a regular haunt. Fantastic employees with pleasant personalities and passion for what they do. If you're a fan of Almond, their sister restaurant you may like this place too, I like it better.. they have less bread ;)Date Rating: 8Pick up Scale: 7 (very friendly people dining here)Strong suggestion: Come hungry, bring your "fun" friends. They will appreciate a chef who clearly likes to play with food and decor. Well done. Very well done.
<review# 1687,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2013,3/27/2013,400,317,14,13,14>Damn! So THIS is where I was last night! (Thanks, Phil H, I wouldn't have known.) You see, the "night" started at 3p with brunch and bubbly a few blocks up at Saro, for my darling friend's birthday. Next thing I knew, a handful of us were here at PKNY, and I was sipping rum and coconut out of a pineapple... caressing a tall straw-holder comprised of 99 ceramic breasts... my own bra somehow down around my waist. Anywaaaay, what *you* need to know: - The pina colada is the best, hands down. - The drink bowls meant for multiple people really are meant for multiple people. Don't try to do it with less than 3 thirsty attendees. - The barstools are HIGH, and if you're a shorty like me, it's a challenge hopping up and down. Even before the cocktails sink in. - The bartenders are awesome -- they totally humored our drunken, dancing revelry, and even gave me a blue plastic mermaid just for asking. How can you beat it?TYC 10
<review# 1688,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2012,3/26/2013,245,103,6,9,8>You guys, this place is legit cool. I came here for drinks the other night and I was impressed.  Great place to bring a date, have drinks with friends, or to grab a bite to eat. I really dig the vibe. There are a few places to sit around the bar and near the entrance and  there are also tables in the back for larger groups. I like the decor too, it was trendy, chill, and well done. The music wasn't too loud and the layout of the bar is very accommodating. The staff was nice, and the wine recommendations were good. The location was also clutch for me, it is really close to all the trains in Union Square- which is a good central meeting place for a lot of my friends. I will definitely come back.
<review# 1689,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2012,3/25/2013,487,104,12,15,15>The girls and I met up for a little catching up.  I always find that a sign of a "good time" is when you meet up with your girls, set a time limit to leave, and always go over that time limit....by almost 4 hours to be exact.  That's exactly what happened.  The food was no short of spectacular and the service was impeccable.  Hakan, one of the owners was so very sweet, attentive, and really made our dinner an experience.  When we asked why was the place called the Quarter, it's because there are 4 partners, and each one owns a quarter of the restaurant.  The ambiance is warm, cozy, and delightful.  I personally love the mannequin in the bathroom, that if you aren't very careful and had one too many glasses of wine, you can mistake for another person (not that it happened to me, I'm just sayin').  We decided that the menu had so much food that we wanted to devour, that we each would get a dish and just share it three ways.  GENIUS! (totally my idea)  We ordered the cowboy ribeye which came with duck fat fried potatoes (OMG OMG) and a side of creamy béarnaise sauce (I really wanted to pour it all over my body, that's how good it was, but that totally would have been INAPPROPRIATE); we also had the hanger steak; and my dish to share was the short ribs (nothing short of amazing) with mashed potatoes.  I hope my friends don't read this review; I was suppose to cut my short rib into even thirds for sharing, but I may or may not have done so, so as to ensure I had the larger piece.  Shameful, I know.  However, we then partnered our food with The Quarter's amazing wine selection.....and let us not forget dessert!  Bread pudding, banana spring rolls with a cilantro sauce, and a peanut butter and chocolate dessert (whose name I forget, but I can still remember it's deliciousness on my palate).  To end, this was such a great catch up session with my girls, and The Quarter added so much more to the experience.
<review# 1690,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2012,3/24/2013,73,149,9,16,6>I love me some fried chicken . Harlem is the go-to place for fried chicken, but with so many places to go , you may be wondering where is THE place to go?Charles' is your lucky number. The chicken here is finger lickin' good and not to mention their all you can eat buffet (for ~$14) is soooo worth it... so make sure to come here on an empty stomach. Charles and the lady servers here are awesome and super nice, they got that southern hospitality going for them. LADIES: Try not to come here alone. There are potheads and many sketchy people around this area... the buses are not frequent.
<review# 1691,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2014,9/1/2014,359,355,6,10,9>Summary:  Hidden hipster place in a very odd LES spot.  For parties, chef orders for you. 4.5 for well made drinks.  3.5 for the food.  Dining picks up aggressively at exactly 9pm and the downstairs bar starts later.Hide & Seek tip:  You need the address.  It's a little hard to identify otherwise.Atmosphere.  It has a rather random bistro feel.  the kitchen is clean and in plain view.  It's dark.  We had a range of dress style (office to gym). the table behind us looked like a trendy group of hipsters.The Service:  Pretty good. I was amazed by the gentleman who remembered all of our coats who also acts as a manager.The food:  I actually didn't love it, but everyone else enjoyed.  Here's the breakdown:1) Grilled shishito peppers.  Great. Large plate for sharing.  But there's not extra pop2) Beef Liver - not my thing, but I think it was done ok.3) Basil Pizza.  Solid, but nothing to Yelp about.4) Grilled Octopus - This I quite loved. 5) Pasta with Egg Noodles - Slightly above average.6) Other pasta - Not bad. I enjoyed this one 4 stars.Cocktails are where better. Very mixology.
<review# 1692,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2014,8/31/2014,91,240,6,17,9>Very cool experience! We got Gala tickets for Sunday at 7:30pm. They stagger the ticket times, but it's all the same show, so I definitely think it makes sense to just book the earliest entrance time possible to spend the most time inside. The ticket says "dress to impress the Queen" so it was very cool just to see how dressed up my fellow New Yorkers were. Definitely a nice chance to pull out something formal or crazy or furry or sequined from your closet! The men were almost all wearing suits and ties.I think everyone's experience inside will be a little different... Immediately after going inside, I got pulled aside by an actor to a tiny room where he gave me a palm reading and a little sparkle sticker on my cheek... with a note to deliver to the bartender (which, in retrospect, I should have read but didn't!). My boyfriend got pulled aside too and kissed on the neck and had his hand drawn on (comes into play later in the show) by some woman.There are lots of drinks ready at the bar. I picked up a pink champagne / vodka / honey drink that was delicious. There are some hors d'oeuvres going around too if you're hungry... had an amazing deviled egg and mini foie gras donut. There are various acrobatic acts going on in the center of the room before the real show starts. There's not as much to explore as Sleep No More, but we did wander behind the stage into an entirely wax room with a topless woman in a bathtub...They kind of randomly grab people and seat them once dinner time starts although there's clearly some reserved seating for those who have the more expensive tickets. The show consisted of either dancing or acrobatic acts that come together into a vague story about the Queen's daughter's initiation. Actors will come around and dance around you or whisper to you or touch you during the show too, so there's definitely more going on than just on the stage. At one point, I got hoisted into the air to assist in the Chinese yo-yo act...Food was delicious. Our table had the cage of lobsters. They were probably the most enormous and tasty lobsters I've ever had. A little messy to eat in your nice clothes, but they do provide bibs, lobster crackers and forks, and wet napkins. We also tried some of the paella (which is what vegetarians get) and suckling pig from nearby tables. My favorite part was the end where everyone gets up to slow dance (so it's a really nice date idea to go as a couple!) and then got fed bites of awesome dessert.
<review# 1693,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2014,8/30/2014,300,235,8,13,11>At first, I couldn't understand why Kung Fu Tea would want to open a new store location right next to Tea Kettle and across the street from Coco (all bubble tea spots), but it makes sense now. I'm no boba/bubble tea connoisseur, but I've had my fair share of boba in this city. I judge my boba based on how good the black milk tea is and the consistency of the boba. It needs to have the right texture and chewiness without being mushy. Of all the boba tea spots in NYC, I have to say Kung Fu Tea is the best for NYC. This new location is much bigger and definitely much more comfortable than the last location on 10th street. This location has indoor and outdoor seating and the best part is.. They're open late! I can finally satisfy that midnight craving because this location is open til 1am!!!! :)Just as the other locations, you can control your sugar level and ice level to your liking.Some of my favorites at Kung Fu Tea are; black milk tea, green milk tea and the grapefruit green tea. Happy boba'ing. #bobalife
<review# 1694,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2014,8/29/2014,327,778,8,18,16>This restaurant lives up to its name. Its the only wings restaurant that is truly international because of all the flavors that they offer. I wish I had tried this place before the SuperBowl cuz the wings are so damn good. This is not some random wings place in a sports bar, the owner/ head chef is actually from the Culinary Institute of America and he makes all the sauces himself.In addition to the usual BBQ sauce for your wings, this place has exotic flavors such as Spicy Thai with Basil or even Vietnamese Chili Mango. My favorite sauce was the Mexy Q. Imagine a delicious, rich, BBQ sauce with a nice Mexican Chile kick to it. I also enjoyed the Garlic Parmesan Beurre Banc, which balanced out the Mexy Q because it was lighter. You can opt for boneless wings or wings with the bone. If you don't eat meat, fret not, they have vegan nuggets and turkey wignettes. Now let's talk about french fries. You can't have wings without fries. What makes the fries so special here, is once again, the different flavors! I had both the normal fries and sweet potato fries (yes, I know all of you out there love sweet potato fries). You must try the Indian Masala fries, which were delicious. Where else are you gonna get Masala fries? We also had the pepper Parmesan fries and Southwestern. Make sure you get some dipping sauces, they taste even better when dipped in ketchup or chipotle mayo. A lot of people ordered take out from here but if you decide to sit in here and eat, let me tell you, the service was amazing. We were able to speak to the head chef himself and he was able to recommend various sauces based on your personal preference. He was also very friendly too.I can't wait to come back here.PS they deliver too!
<review# 1695,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2014,8/28/2014,162,86,44,12,15>You know those cool ladies that confidently go to restaurants alone at night and have dinner by themselves, all mysterious and confident-like?Well, I tried to do that at Ramen Setagaya! On a Friday night, no less!I was pretty nervous. But I had been cast out of my own home by my own pronouncement that I would vacate it that night in order to "dine alone like a lady." And I knew as soon as I made the declaration that I would not be able to back out of it without egg on my face. So i chose, instead, to have egg in a bowl.It was dark, it was cold, and it was raining.I showed up at Ramen Setagya at around 10PM, after pussy-footing around the east village, trying to pick a place that wouldn't be too pathetic to eat alone at. Setagya's got this shelf that wraps around the restaurant, so it's really conducive to being a loner. You grab a stool and stare out the window or at the wall. Also, the food is legit. It's weird, dine-alone ladies all seem so cool when I see them out and about, but when I myself was trying to approximate their habits, I felt like I was back in the high school cafeteria with my lunch tray, unsure where to eat my jello cup at.I walk in, make eye-contact with the server, and immediately over-pronate on my left foot because I haven't yet mastered the art of walking steadily at key moments, nevermind being cool and demure like a dine-alone lady. I put one finger up to indicate that I am a dine-alone lady, and the server leads me to an open seat.My heart's pounding like crazy! I try to stay cool as I fumble with my umbrella and winter jacket, and take my seat on one of the stools that face the street. I order the shio ramen (which I prefer to their soyu), and as soon as it arrives, I promise myself that I will eat it in the aloof and dainty way that a dine-alone lady would, and not in my usual wolf-like, shoveling it down as fast as I can, way.I even check the time on my phone and tell myself that I will take at least twenty-five minutes to eat my noodles. We're talking high society here!Anyway, after twenty-five self-conscious minutes, I am finally done. Nothing terribly scarring happened in that time. A girl asked me to move my jacket so that she could sit down, and I managed to do it without asking her to be my friend. I wait patiently for the server to give me my bill --this newly-minted dine-alone lady ain't in no rush!The mission is almost complete, I leave a generous tip --I am a dine-alone lady now, and we are admirably laissez faire with our finances.I stand up to gather my things and put on my jacket, and in those movements my hand brushes past my pants and I realize, with horror, with panic, with a red hot flushing of the cheeks, that MY FLY HAD BEEN UNZIPPED ALL THIS TIME! ALL THIS TIME, while in my head, betwixt my stupid eyes, I had imagined myself some sort of urban mermaid, a mystical creature, the dine-alone lady...there I had sat, facing the busy sidewalk, legs akimbo, with my underwear exposed for the world to see, like some lonely perverted ghoul, eating noodles at an unnaturally slow speed!!!Goddammit, what a fail. Help me.
<review# 1696,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2014,8/27/2014,335,498,6,13,10>BEST...PANCAKES...EVER...EVER...EVER! I've been here a total of 6 times in the last 3 years and each time it never disappointed. Four of those visits were for pancake month and I've been fortunate enough to try some of their awesome flavors: Crunchy Banana, Pistachio Frangipane, Fresh Coconut, Blueberry Crumb Streusel, Swedish Apple and Wild Maine Blueberry pancakes.Just for those not in the know, every February is pancake month at the bakery and every few days they serve a different flavor. Some are served 1 day, some 2 days and some even 3 days. The bakery operates from 8am-4pm (9am opening on weekends) and 6pm-11pm. For the people who work during weekdays and want to try it out, I recommend that you visit on a weekday for dinner. A line usually forms at about 5:30pm ish, but if you get here before 6, you're almost guaranteed one of their 32 seats when they open. Anyone not within the first wave of guests will usually have to wait about 30 minutes.As for the pancakes, the serving size is big, with 3 pancakes and you can easily get full just off 2 alone! If you come here with a guest, it's best that one of you get the pancakes and the other get some other item so that you can share. Usually many guests will split the pancakes and also split an order of Chicken & Waffles, which is also INCREDIBLE! Clinton St. Bakery's fried chicken is some of the best I've ever had. The skin is super crunchy and the meat is very moist. You can see the moisture on the meat the second you peel the skin right off of them. The meal comes with 4 pieces of chicken, so be assured you will be stuffed from all that chicken plus a giant waffle!Now back to the pancakes. They are amazingly soft and fluffy with the topping usually covering about half of the top pancake. Included with every order is a small cup of warm maple butter. If you thought the pancakes couldn't get any better, the warm maple butter (YES it's as good as it sounds) add another layer of richness to it. When you slice off a piece of the pancakes and dip it in that warm goodness, the pancake melts in your mouth. It's very addictive and that might be an understatement.Out of the pancakes I've tried so far, I'll have to say the Crunchy Banana might be my favorite. It's got a beautiful balance of sweet and sugary flavors with the banana and cinnamon-chocolate sauce. The warmness of the sauce is such a good compliment to the pancakes. I feel there's a really good balanced flavor for this pancake because no one flavor dominates the pancakes and you get a good taste of the banana as well as the chocolate syrup.I can't say enough good things about their pancakes and if you don't believe a word I say, give them a visit. The pancakes really do speak for themselves as real words can't do those fluffy saucers justice!
<review# 1697,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2014,8/26/2014,766,129,6,10,8>I absolutely love this place! It is the epidemy of an English gastropubs, without all that English plague. Vibrant food, mulled wine; The Spotted Pig is buzzing each night and you are bound to run into someone here. With that in mind, prepare in endure long waits and cramped seating. Definitely a place for some mean eats. Don't be confused with the menu here, just know that this establishment belongs to that British subgenre called the "gastro-pub," a bar serving simple, straightforward food. However, straightforward at The Spotted Pig means traditional English food transcending into an Italian twist. And for those of you who rather prefer to drink your dinner, their 100 bottle wine list and casks of beer will warm your soul. Also a great for brunch with the standard West Village brunch prices. But where else can you get Gingerbread Pancakes with a light vanilla cream, candied almonds, and a blizzard of powdered sugar? Or their Deep Fried Poached Eggs with Chorizo Stew? Did I mention their Fried Duck Egg with Ramps and Anchovy Dressing? Or their Two Poached Eggs with Roast Pork Hash? Damn, I'm hungry again!
<review# 1698,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2014,8/25/2014,92,129,10,9,9>Piora was simply amazing and I had a wonderful time at this cozy restaurant in West Village with my friends. The restaurant newly opened under the command of Simon Kim, the restaurateur and Chris Cipollone, an amazing chef. Our experiences here could not have been better. The staff was extremely friendly and accommodating providing an impeccable service, the bartenders were amazing (gotta try the Sake Nog!), and the food was fantastic. No wonder why Piora received so much publicity and was raved on magazines, restaurant reviews, and newspapers by so many! The ambience was just perfect for a small party, not too loud, but intimate enough to really have a nice meal with friends. With the beautiful lighting in the back of the restaurant, I would highly recommend this place to couples as well. For those who want a meal under a more casual setting, please feel free to sit at the bar to enjoy your meal with a friend or even by yourself. In any way, this small restaurant can fit all! Our meal started with the complementary starter potato truffle soup, which was tasty and followed by Monkey Bread, Sweet Potato, Barbeque Octopus, and Carrots. My favorite was the carrot, which was so unexpected. The yogurt sauce blended well with the carrot and created perfect harmony. It was certainly a new taste, simple and elegant. Barbeque Octopus was also amazing with an interesting twist. I definitely sensed the Korean element in this dish, which was done in a contemporary approach. The texture of the octopus was great, sauce blended well, and wonderfully presented. Sweet Potato, which is common in Korea, was perfect, just the way it should be and it brought out the nostalgic feeling in me. Monkey Bread with seaweed and rosemary lardo butter really kicked the door open for our demanding appetites.Our main dishes were Bucatini and Rohan duck, which were both out of this world. Bucatini with dungeness crab, black garlic and chili added a light scent of spiciness to the dish, while elevating the beautiful mixture of garlic and crab taste into a perfected crafted pasta. Rohan duck was quite possibly the best duck dish I've had in New York. The jujube sauce and the tangy flavor created harmony with the richness of the duck. It was just perfect. We finished our dinner with a Mango sorbet w/ cotton candy that was not only beautiful in presentation, but also heavenly in taste. Mango pieces chopped with mango sorbet, basil sauce, creme, and small meringue pieces was delightfully light and refreshing. I am looking forward to come back here to try out other dishes as well. My dining experience here was amazing and I can't wait to see the new menus that will be rolling out as the year goes. Also, Shinya Yamao is also a key attribute to this wonderful place as his charismatic presence parallels his skills for the most wondrous drinks. If you are not looking for a meal, feel free to swing by and sit at the bar for drinks. You will be pleasantly surprised. Thank you Piora!
<review# 1699,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2014,8/24/2014,795,723,14,14,8>Proletariat is probably the best beer bar in the city from a curation standpoint.  Lets start with that.  Most other beer bars--especially in Manhattan--try to focus on quantity more than anything else.  But when you're basically getting the same shit at all of these different places with little variation, who cares?  That's why Proletariat selects its 12 draft beers and small list of bottles so carefully, and takes care of them so well.  Tucked in a narrow, dark dive bar space on St. Marks, it's all about the quality of the options.  I've been in the craft beer scene for several years now, and let me tell you: there's always something worth trying at Proletariat.The bartenders in general are extremely knowledgeable (with one possible exception below) and take very good care of the beer, keeping the tap lines clean and serving beer in the correct glass.  One thing that I really like it that they serve full and half glasses of the beers on tap.  While you can always ask for a sample anyway, this also enables you to try more of the options they have available.  The small space packs out quickly with an array of yuppies, craft beer nerds, and girls who boyfriends hate them and thus dragged them to a beer bar.  My advice is to get here early so you can either carve out space at the bar, or grab the lone table in the front.  Either way, if you want to enjoy craft beer in NYC it doesn't get much better than this.I can't give them 5 stars because of 1 incident alone.  One night , I came with a friend who was new to craft beer, and who wanted something on the lighter side.  Rather than ask my opinion, he asked the bartender.  Big mistake.  For some God-forsaken reason, the bartender recommended Founders Bolt Cutter.  As you may be able to tell from the name, that this not a light beer at all; in fact, it is really heavy and strong even for my tastes (15% ABV).  I of course found this hilarious and let it happen (yes, I know I am a dick).  My friend took 1 sip and started screaming that we were trying to kill him.  He ended up finishing it like a man but that set the tone for the night and he's never let me live it down.  Definitely a funny faux pas on the part of the bartender; II hope that maybe he was just bored?
<review# 1700,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2014,8/23/2014,110,100,10,10,11>I was not expecting this place to be so packed. Yes, I came on Saturday night, but I'm not used to seeing such a vibrant night life in Harlem. I felt like I was somewhere in the East Village (which is a good thing since it is my fave Manhattan neighborhood).With that being said, we came in expecting to grab a quick bite to eat... wrong. There were no tables available, so we decided to wait by the bar until one opened up. I loved how the bar area had cute open window seats facing the mini patio. After about 5-10 minutes a table opened up and lucky us it was outdoor seating, YAY. The patio is small but seating is spacious, which was better than being cramped indoors. Our waitress was so sweet, but I forget her name. She guided us through the menu and recommended the most popular drinks and bites. I ordered the Caipirinha de Watermelon ... my oh my that drank was strong. It wasn't as tasty as I hoped it would be, but definitely potent. As for food, I decided to try the Apricot Wheat BBQ wings, so delish! Ten times better than those scary jumbo dinosaur wings at Dallas BBQ. My boyfriend ordered the Parmesan Crusted Burger with a side of tots. It was one of the best burgers I've ever bit into, seriously. The bread was perfectly toasted, cheese perfectly melted, patty cooked to perfection. I think it was actually better than Shake Shack, and everybody loves Shake Shack. Decent bars, good eats, outside seating. This hood is not what is used to be people.
<review# 1701,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2011,1/16/2012,183,271,9,13,15>Thanks for the great find, Yelpers!  Anytime my mom comes to visit me, we always get Taiwanese food.  Up until recently, we were just barely satisfied with the restaurants we frequented in the Bay Area; we had to lower our standards a bit and settle for mediocre food.We were not expecting much when we walked into this hole in the wall, so we were more than pleasantly surprised at the generous portions and delicious food.They offer the gamut of typical Taiwanese fare and the two of us went to town.  We ordered oyster pancake (o-wa-zen), fried rice vermicelli (mi fen), clam soup, dry sauteed green beans, red chili oil wontons, and stewed fatty ground pork over rice (ask for more sauce, less oil, more meat).  Everything was top notch.  Oysters were plentiful (I think 5 total) and the somewhat chewy, eggy, glutinous texture of the egg and rice flour pancake smothered in sweet sauce was spot on.  The clam soup was perfect: generous amount of clams in a light, clear broth.  Sprinkle some white pepper and enjoy.  I loved the red chili oil wontons (10 total)...delicious little pork dumplings nestled under bright red chili oil and topped with enough garlic to make gargling with Listerine 3 times a necessity.  Yum.  All 6 dishes were $30 inc. tax.The food was probably the one of the best I've had outside of Taiwan.  My mom was so delighted with our meal, she wanted to go back 2 days later to take my dad and boyfriend just so we could order more things.  The 4 of us made the 1 hour trek out to Flushing again and ordered 10 dishes: intestine with pork blood in brown sauce, fatty ground pork over rice, rice noodle vermicelli, fried fish fillet with spicy bean sauce, fresh stir fried veggies, stir fried jalapenos and beef, beef noodle soup, oyster pancake, clam soup and red chili oil wontons.  $60.  All worth it.  We were stuffed, and had a ton of leftovers (all of which tasted just as good the day after).Fresh, good quality, great quantity, and extremely reasonable.  Fast and friendly service.  I'm a huge fan.
<review# 1702,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2011,1/15/2012,1616,1387,48,13,12>Geezus.Some free advice for ya...if you have a 2nd date with a dope honey, take her here.Terrific selection of draft beers and wine...dark...like your eyes need to adjust coming out of the bathroom dark.Lots of candles, couches and baby-making tracks playing.If you aren't making out with your date within the 1st hour of being in here...you better buy a Tony Robbins self help CD, homeboy.   Ya feel me?
<review# 1703,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2011,1/14/2012,218,231,9,11,13>If I could quantify the sensation of a creme brulee doughnut it would be rated infinity plus one.Another one of those rare NYC places that delivers beyond its absurdly lofty expectations.  I can't believe I'm saying this, but the hype is well deserved and probably should be greater.
<review# 1704,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2011,1/13/2012,289,416,14,19,19>As the chilly weather sets in, the temptation to kvetch and complain like any regular New Yorker is irresistible.  One of the great ways that shifts the focus from kvetching about the cold is to think of those delectable dishes that are wonderful on the taste buds during the cold weather.  Xiao Long Bao (pronounced "shao long bow" as in take a bow) or soup dumplings is decidedly one of those savory treats perfect when the days are shorter and the nights are longer.  So, when my best friend inquired what I wanted him to get for me from Chinatown, I directed him to Shanghai Cafe's xiao long bao.  When it got to my dinner table, the eight (8) pieces of xiao long bao were still hot but just right so as not to scald the tongue. There are two (2) ways  of eating xiao long bao:  one is to place one xiao long bao on a spoon, bite the edge, slurp the soup and half of the filling.  Another way of eating it is to place one xiao long bao on a spoon, get the whole thing in, bite it and savor the burst of a little broth in your taste buds, and chew the rest of it.   Just remember not to talk as this process of digestion commences, as it is not exactly a delicate sight to behold. :)   The reason I'm a fan of the xiao long bao at this place is that it is flavorful and yet not oily.  The broth inside  as well as the size of the dumpling itself is just right.  At a little less than five dollars; alright, $4.95 if you want me to be precise about it, that savory treat of broth inside the dumpling is the perfect comfort food on a cold night.  :)
<review# 1705,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2011,1/12/2012,343,317,33,49,45>The French are coming!!The French are coming!!Lace up your sneakers, pick up a pair of dumbbells and take a few laps around the pool because the French invasion has begun. I'm talking about French pastries of course! No matter how hard I kick, run or lift in my battle of the bulge there's a devious Frenchman opening a patisserie in New York. They test my will power by seducing me with butter, sugar and classic technique. Payard threw open his doors last spring with a downtown location. Mille Feuille started off as the spunky kid on the block this summer with its superb offerings of croissants. Let's not forget Maison Ladurée who has invoked a cultish sense of panic among macaron lovers on the UES.  Dominique Ansel and his namesake bakery look certain to carry on the caloric offensive with his competently prepared and whimsical Gallic goods.The shop, which takes over the old Cafe Rheon space in Soho, has been doing a brisk trade in sweet treats and savory items since opening in the fall. If there is a signature draw, it is the Kouign Amann, a specialty from the Breton region. My friends, Mr. Enabler and Mrs. Perfectionist, opened my eyes to it recently and I am grateful for this bit of French enlightenment. The DKA (certainly a more appealing acronym than a DSK!) is best described to novices as a caramelized croissant. Shaped like a crown, this stately pastry consists of layers of sugary crusty pastry that give way to a soft, tender center. It's buttery, rich and insanely good. Weighing in at $5.25, the DKA is a splurge best appreciated when fresh out of the oven. Additionally, the friendly staff may point you in the direction of the Cannelé, another pastry worthy of your attention. The mini cake sports a deep hued crunchy exterior that yields to an eggy and luscious inside. Texturally, I think their version is pretty spot on but I would have liked a little more oomph and jazz from the rum and vanilla flavoring. If you're not a fan of puff pastry, the store has a host of other baked goods to satisfy your sweet tooth. Their bunny loaf is a cute, cheerful take on carrot cake. This iteration had a moist batter and a light cream cheese icing but I wanted a little more than a whisper of spices. Serious chocolate lovers should definitely consider the Mini-me cake. Layers of fabulous flourless chocolate cake come interspersed with pillowy chocolate mousse. Mini meringues on top add a crunchy contrast to this airy, chocolate mass. I don't really care for their savory offerings; my chicken soup was bland and the sandwiches and salads are little pricey to justify for a light lunch. Also, the narrow setup at the front makes ordering somewhat chaotic and confusing at times. Take refuge at the back in their greenhouse seating if you are staying. Overall, the decor is little too stark and lacks warmth. The behavior and habits of some of their patrons is irksome. I'm referring to the Yuppie couple who dared to cast disdainful judgment on my shabby get up during my initial visit. What do you nitwits know about good taste?Anywhoo.As far as precious, decadent pastries are concerned, this bakery merits repeat visits from me. Friends, get the butter because resistance is futile.
<review# 1706,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2011,1/11/2012,22,58,35,22,8>There is something ominous about the fork lifts out front and their 6 foot rectangular bales of vintage awesomeness, like the tip of some Murakamian iceberg of secrets. How they fill this massive space with unique, great finds is a provocative mystery to me.In the back they've got a cool selection of knick-knacks and what-nots. My buddy found a framed poster of Michael Jordan in the 45 jersey for $10 but the real reason you come here is for the clothes. Every few months I spend about $30 here to keep me on maximum handsome.Be weary of buying clothes that look cool in a thrift store but turn weirdo the instant you take them from their natural habitat. Happens all the time. Also, when you get home tie your new clothes up in a plastic bag and throw them in the freezer for five hours, that will kill any bed bugs.Relevant side note: One time I stepped into a shoe that had barf in it.
<review# 1707,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2011,1/10/2012,611,712,22,20,19>this burger nearly killed me. everything about it was perfect, as was my drink. i was filled to the brim after half of the meaty mess, but forced myself to continue shoving it in my mouth. after finishing i felt like i had been hit by a truck and immediately excused myself for a cigarette. it took me at least two hours to recover.but it was worth it.
<review# 1708,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2011,1/9/2012,157,490,34,43,39>So, is this what I've been waiting for all these years?Those were my thoughts as I opened the door.  It was 11:50 am and there were 41 people ahead of me in the line waiting patiently. There was no bouncer at the door to remind one of the tacky experience of buying cupcakes of quality that would make one weep more than by watching Steel Magnolias. It did make me smile. After more than four and a half years of reviewing macarons (including 2+ years of clarifying to people the difference between macarons and coconut macaroons!) and flying in macarons from across the country and across the Atlantic all the while watching multiple generations of Magnolia clones, bankers turned bakers and corner delis sporting large cardboard signs screaming CUPCAKES (next to those for phone cards) mint money from Freudian psychology- finally the day had come that there were more customers waiting in line at a shop selling macarons than at the flagship locations of Magnolia, Crumbs, Molly's, and Baked by Melissa COMBINED.... Yes: I went around to compare. It generated more adrenalin than a victory lap.I must also confess upfront that I am slightly biased against Laduree, and am in the Pierre Herme camp. This is mainly a result of my conviction that Laduree lags Pierre Herme (and others) in most pastries, and even croissants (I mean seriously, have you had the Ispahan croissant? Now that takes baking to the level of an art!). That should not detract from the fact that Laduree makes outstanding macarons, arguably "the best". However, I find it simplistic to say "best", for any top tier patisserie in Paris makes excellent macarons and on any given day Sadaharu Aoki, Dalloyau, even Jean Paul Hevin (and others) - not just Pierre Herme can compete with Laduree for top honors. While there may be production variability by day, there is also overall consistency by flavor/design, and so I would similarly be hard pressed to find anyone other than Laduree making my favorite versions of Cassis or Orange Blossom (Fleur de Oranger). There can be no doubt on the quality of the macarons in the NYC shop, for they are flown in, and the only question is as to how they've handled the transatlantic travel. While I don't understand the assertion that they are flown in fresh daily (they don't need to / can't be fresh off the oven, nor do economics justify anything more frequent than a weekly flight, as is the case with LMDC) - I have limited issues with the NYC ones aesthetically or texturally. Though, I did find the jam ones (Raspberry, Strawberry) somewhat of a softer texture than the others (also a complaint in prior reviews), but they held up fairly well to the bite test. Obviously, once local baking in NYC commences, it would be time for a review update. But for now, I am thrilled that Laduree has arrived. At $ 2.70 for a small macaron these may be pricier than what you'd find at say a Little Oven, but for the price point I find them infinitely superior to the B of FP at Ho.Service is courteous and efficient. I was greeted at 12:20 pm by a server who wanted to know the details of my purchase. I paid and left at 12:35 pm, and the 45 minute door-to-door has been the average wait time earlier as well. My heart did go out to the distinguished, graceful elderly lady who left after waiting 15 minutes while politely wishing us well.  I tried to while away the time first by reading and then by engaging the attractive girl behind me in a conversation. But, upon finding out that she didn't like macarons, and was only there to help out colleagues, the conversation just died. I mean, WHAT could I possibly have in common with someone who doesn't like macarons? Really! J/KWith another Laduree outlet expected to open in Soho in Spring 2012, the only real question left is: what are YOU waiting for, Monsieur Herme?
<review# 1709,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2011,1/8/2012,476,542,22,22,26>From the swanky bar with the fountain of stone at the entrance, to the semi-enclosed elegant wooden booths, to the real bamboo plants all around, to the general attention for details, this restaurant certainly doesn't feel like your average Chinese joint[1].Ambiance aside, the food is solid. I don't particularly like chicken, but their house special chicken (half for $9, whole for $18) is simple and tender, with a nice, crispy skin. The sauteed snow pea leaves with garlic ($11.95) was the perfect side for this dish.For congee, both the pig's blood congee ($2.95) and sliced fish and preserved egg congee ($3.95) were excellent.The star of the show, however, is the house special chilled[2] Dungeness crab in Chao style, which is part of the "Gong Xi Fa Cai Family Dish" banquet special.I can only describe this dish as non-edulcorated orgasm with a biomineralized exoskeleton of calcium carbonate!I came here with two other friends, and this is what we had:Tsing TaoDungeness crab Chao stylehalf house special chickencongee with pig bloodcongee with sliced fish and preserved eggpea shootsred bean paste with lily consommeTotal: $29 per person.Minus one star for being out of xiao long bao and flan.----------------------------------------[1] Rest assured, though: a visit to the restrooms will bring you back to earth. [2] My Chinese friends would call this dish "frozen" crab, but the crustacean is actually just chilled, not frozen.
<review# 1710,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2011,1/7/2012,269,332,10,17,10>Call me ignorant but I never knew Koreans did noodles! A friend wanted soupy noodles but not ramen, so I yelped for help and found this secret gem!The portions are hugeeeeeee...the noodles came in bowls the size of face basins! My friend had the spicy noodles and polished it all up. I had myself the ginseng spring chicken soup which was really...'bland' in the good healthy way. I am drooling just writing this review. It took a while to prepare but so worth the wait, they stuff the chicken with rice and then boil/stew/cook it in this ginseng soup. Soooooooo good!!! It comes with salt, peppers and garlic. I just used soy sauce for the chicken. The seafood pancake was very nicely done too...alot of spring onions but I ate it anyway. Definitely my new favorite Korean/noodle spot in the city! Oh, ginseng chicken...I am coming back for you!Tip-bits:Only 5 people in the elevator- skinny ones at that.Bathroom is off to the left, by a desk/table/register?Cold barley tea is what they serve by default, but you can ask for hot one too
<review# 1711,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2010,9/7/2010,343,542,12,15,13>My friend asked me if I want to try some "fish heads, eel bones and beer." And I gave him a stare as if he's out of his mind and I nervously said "sure..."This type of food is only served the first Saturday of each month from 10PM-11:30PM, so reservations may be hard to come by. But I guess he was lucky and was able to get reservations during the day for that night. We've arrived at the restaurant and it was a cloud of confusion. The hostess asked us if we were there for the Makanai, a Japanese kitchen tradition that demonstrates both cooking skills and the wise use of inventory remainders in feeding the staff or in other words curious people like us. And yup that is exactly why we were there and she directed us to go straight to the bar.At this point I was still confuse. Why aren't we getting seated at a table, but rather lining up by the counter to get our food as if this was some sort of very fancy soup kitchen? Turns out this is how it works, it is like a family style buffet type of dinner. Which was pretty interesting. So the bartender gives each person a glass for their unlimited refills of Sapparo and you look for a seat in the communal tables.*You simply line up, pick up a dish and fight for all you can eat food - you know the whole buffet drill. I kid. That is not how it works, everyone there were so friendly and lined up in an orderly way and waited for their turn. First dish I came across were their tofu. The tofu was just okay. I like my tofu either fried or in a very smooth substance preparation. Or even better, give me some syrup and I make "tofufa", this Chinese sweet tofu dessert. mMm would love to have some right now...Second is the udon noodle salad in light broth. If you are like me, who can't use chopsticks properly, no worries! They provide you with proper serving utensils, so you would not make a fool out of yourself having noodles fly all over the place, especially while trying to impress that special someone.  The noodles was served cold, but I liked it very much. It was pretty light to taste. Following dish was the chicken katsu, which was pretty nicely breaded. But it wasn't really one of the highlights of that night's dinner. Honestly, I can get chicken katsu in many Japanese restaurants or even in Chinese owned restaurants that serves Japanese food. Til today I still don't quite get it, why is it that so many sushi restaurants are owned by Chinese people? Next up is the Chirashizushi, which is a bowl of rice with scattered sashimi, shredded seaweed and sesame. Hmmm...I did say sashimi, but why is it each time I went to get another serving all I see left is the seaweed, sesame and lots of rice? Oh wait, if I looked carefully, I see a smidge of sashimi. So I guess it was a little aggressive when it came to this dish, everyone else stripped the sashimi off this bowl of rice. But that's okay I like the seaweed and sesame any way, so that means more for me. But luckily they always bring out new batches when supplies are low and I finally got to have some of the sashimi. This dish was pretty good, I liked it. But I think I was getting full from just the rice alone, yet it was still very good!Then it was the highlight of the night - crunchy deep fried eel and fluke bones. Wow, these were amazingly delicious! I couldn't help it, but every time I went back to refill my plate, I would skip everything else and go straight to this dish. Each bite was crunchy until the last bite. It was full of flavor. Who knew fried eel and fluke bones would taste so good? Next in line is the sake-marinated whole roasted tuna collar, but every time I go up to get more food, all I see are bones. Argh, those aggressive fish eaters didn't save any for me! I remembered my mother always told me to eat more fish, while I was growing up. Now I want fish, but there's no more and I had to scrape off scraps of meat from between each little bone and put together a dish of fish for myself. I think the server pitied me and they brought out a new untouched dish all just for me! Yay! Poor me didn't have to scrape for pieces of meat any longer and can use my poor chopstick skills to get slabs of fish meat piled on my plate. The fish was pretty good with a subtle taste of sake.Last but not least, it was the fish head soup. The broth was very flavorful and infused with the taste of fish. No, not that fishy smell from fish markets, but rather a very rich fish oil kind of taste. When they said fish head soup, they were not kidding, it was the real deal because occasionally I would need to spit up some fish scales.*If you can't find a seat at the communal tables by the bar area for the Makanai, do not panic. There are more tables on the left side from the hostess by the main entrance.P.S. - Good luck balancing a glass of Sapparo, a plate of food, a bowl of fish head soup, juggling a napkin, holding a spoon with your nose and clenching a pair of chopsticks between your teeth.
<review# 1712,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2010,9/5/2010,487,104,6,9,9>Thanks to the Yelp App on my blackberry we were able to locate a good bakery after dinner.  (Thanks again Yelp for saving the day)This place has been around for over 115 years (as stated in their menu)I'm a simple girl.  Give me a cannolli and a cup of coffee (the cafe latte is great) and I'm happy.  I ordered a single large cannolli and they advised me that they ran out, but instead gave me 3 small ones.  Which I thought was even better.  It was the right consistency of cannolli cream vs the pastry. Perfection.  A friend ordered the mini tiramisu, and it was a stellar choice.  The outter neon sign seemed to be needing some new bulbs because it spelled "Veni" and lost the "ero's".  But I think this just added more to its "old world" charm.  The ambiance was nice, very Romanesque.  Expect to see lots of tourist, but no complaints...a good cannolli is a good cannolli.BRAVO Veniero, BRAVO!
<review# 1713,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2010,9/4/2010,253,439,6,19,10>When you walk up the stairs, past the colorful art works and concert posters on the walls, the sweet smell of incense hits you once past the Mayan-inspired door of El Taller. This Latin American institute in my neighborhood offers classes, programs, events and exhibits on dance, art and language. Recently I signed up for the Saturday morning conversational Spanish classes. There were about 10 of us in class - a real group of trash talkers -- and our instructors were a rotating crew of two endearing, energetic Colombianas and Bernardo, a charismatic native of Mendoza, Argentina, who runs the joint. During our classes, we read Isabel Allende, Gabriel Garcia Marquez and Ruben Dario; we covered grammar such as ser vs. estar; and we discussed such varied topics as South American native languages, religion and philosophy, and the drug scene in NYC during the 70s and 80s -- all in espanol. By the end of the 6-week course, my Spanish had definitely improved and I had made a new group of like-minded amigos. We even get together once a week for an hour or two of practice. El Taller es un tesoro -- El Taller is a treasure -- and I'm really so glad I finally found this place and it's located in my neck of the woods.
<review# 1714,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2009,9/3/2010,271,252,38,17,25>Never in my life will I find myself in love with a place that smells like dog urine and poopies.But this place is an exception. I'm not really sure what everyone is talking about when they say you shouldn't walk around at night. Then again, I'm a burly, muscular Asian who can bounce quarters off my abs. Orrrrr Maybe not. Even better, I've been here later in the evening and I haven't really noticed any unusual activity besides hobos sleeping on the benches. And everyone knows that in NY, that ain't unusual.Match.com, look out! Here's Tompkins Square Park. I see lots of girls bringing their tiny, sweater-wearing dogs and lots of guys who bring their mountain of a dog here. It's kind of scary how people will approach you and talk baby talk to your dog without embarrassment. I wish they would do that to me sometimes just to brighten up my day. The people here are super friendly and I've gotten to know some of the dogs already. I'm lovin' Angel, the quiet, mellow beagle mix who will just walk up and stare at you. His soft eyes beg for you to pet him and if you stop, he'll tap your leg with his head. I love the yappy dogs who will walk up and bark at you. Is it because I'm Asian? Do they think I'll eat them? If they keep barkin', I just might. My dog loves this place, albeit he's just getting used to it. He gets lil' scared when the other dogs chase him....BUT HE AIN'T NO PANSY!!!!!!!!!!!! However, I just found out that he's lovin' the ethnic girls. More specifically, the chihuahuas. He's loving those chicas. If he likes this place, then so. do. I.
<review# 1715,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2010,9/2/2010,294,141,17,14,15>There are a lot of "little" things that I love about the Little Pie Company.It's more than a "little" convenient that The Little Pie Company is located on the same block as my apartment.  A five minute stroll from my front door can bring happiness in the form of a slice of sour cream walnut apple pie.  AND HOLY CRAP IS THIS A PIECE OF APPLE PIE.  Sweet, rich and alive with brown sugar, cinnamon and walnut - this apple pie is a force to be reckoned with.  Their cheddar crust apple pie is also delicious, adding a rich flavor to the crust that collides well with the sweet cinnamon apples.  The pumpkin, pear-apple and pecan pies are also top notch.  All of which are not good for my "little" waistline.I'm also a "little" bit in love with the carrot cake.  Ok maybe more than a little - a LOT.  Damn gina.  Let's make it known that the path to my heart is paved in a thick layer of cream cheese frosting.  So throw that on top of the most perfectly-spiced, fluffy and moist carrot cake you've ever had and you've got some love.Last year for my birthday, my roommate brought home a 6' "little" carrot cake.  With more than half of the cake left intact in the fridge, I came home that night a "little" inebriated and ate the remainder of the cake.  Though I was a "little" embarrassed when I was caught by him snagging the last bite, it was my birthday and I was entitled to be a fat slut as I pleased.The hour before closing LPC also has "little" prices, as many things are put up for half off.  $2 pie slices - the perfect treat on your way home on a Friday night.
<review# 1716,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2010,9/1/2010,227,484,7,22,19>I heard of this place through the Chinese Lima chain.  I heard it was recently renovated.I heard some of the waiters & chefs came from Flor de Mayo, La Dinastia, and the likes.I heard it's the place to go in Astoria for some Chinato Latin Fusion food.  Fusion you say, nah not really.  I hate Fusion but I like this.Here's the run down:Sauteed squid Jardin's style.  Why does it cost more than the regular fried squid, because of the spice mix and the green peppers.  I'm sure it taste better than the plain fried squid.Fried Pork Chop - HUGE pork chops and deliciously cooked.  These things are fried?  They were so juicy!Oxtail stew - My favorite dish of the night, it's a "Latin dish"  But I tasted a Chinese spice, I believe a hint of star anise.  The stew is a great combo of flavors of Latin & Chinese.Chinese Mushrooms w/Tofu and Chinese Veges (baby bok choy) - Deliciuosly saucy, the tofu was big chunky squares that were silky and soft.We were eye fooking the giant fury of Fire Volcano drink for 2.  Every time a waiter delivered another one to a table, we'd be oohing and ahhing.  It's a drink on FIRE in a large round volcano looking bowl.  Everything was great, service was good and the decor and lighting was comfy and dim.  The menu has plenty of pics which is helpful when trying to make decisions.  There's a Latin side of the menu and a Chinese side.  Order from both but don't expect typical Chinese take out food here.  I wouldn't recommend the seafood, it didn't look fresh (even in the pics).  We came out surprised that the food was so good, however the prices were a tad high for each dish.  I guess it's because of the neighborhood and the cost of the renovations.
<review# 1717,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2010,8/31/2010,272,167,9,15,13>I don't want to get trashed over cheap drinks all the time. No really.On a weekday night when all I want is a glass of wine and a small bite (before dinner plans), I come here.I'm a total sucker for small places. For me, the more interaction I have with chef and staff (more skin that brush against mine.. just kidding!) the experience is more enjoyable. So Desnuda, having only bar seating offers that sort of touch.  Grab a seat and enjoy the night! Desnuda focuses on South American wine and offers a number of well prepared ceviches.  The wine starts off at $9 a glass and ceviches are around $14 - 22.  The last time we came here, my jaws dropped as the chef unfolded a package of fresh sea scallops they got in that day.  We were chatting with him and totally stopped mid-sentence. We then ordered the plump scallops prepared two ways. One was lightly seared and the other dressed with spicy aioli. It was very good!They also have an awesome deal of $1 oysters Sunday and Monday nights which I will definitely come back for. Ambiance, service, wine + food selection are all wonderful.  I loved it!
<review# 1718,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2009,8/30/2010,107,117,18,19,18>Wine and $1 oysters? YES PLEASE! SIGN ME UP!This place is just lovely.  The sexy oval communal bar in the center, dim mood lighting for a romantic soothing feel.  It does get crowded from around 7:30pm on, but if you are looking for a place for just drinks before or after dinner for just the 2-3 of you, Lelabar is just LOVELY.  This place isn't for you to get drunk and rowdy with 6 of your girlfriends.We went at around 5:30pm on a Saturday for their $1 oyster special (which they also do on Wednesdays).  AWESOME DEAL.  They shuck the oysters in front of you (all the food preparation is done inside that little oval bar.  I think we each had a dozen each at least.Yes, we got there early, but we just figured, a little appetizer and wine before we start off our night.  The place had only a few people in there at that time, so we had great attention from the bartenders.  Wines are fairly pricey per glass (cheapest being a $10 sweet wine, but on average you are going to be spending $14 a glass), but they have a FANTASTIC selection.  What a great start to the night (at 5:30pm)... the ending? Let's just say I only remembered the beginning ;)
<review# 1719,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2010,8/29/2010,160,235,29,15,14>now, i don't consider myself a religious woman, but OH SWEET MOTHER OF GOD ... i took one bite of the dark chocolate peanut butter and i think i saw jesus. he was surrounded by little angels and lights, and told me to keep chewing when all i wanted to do was run my happy ass to the back, take an IV and inject that raw dough directly into my blood stream to get it all into my body a little bit sooner.ooey, gooey, dreamy, luscious mountains of doughy chocolatey goodness. hot damn. 313213 calories and 54356 grams of fat demolished in 2.5 minutes. so THIS is what those bible beaters meant by their "religious experiences." who knew?so, like a good little gal, i listened to jesus and ate the whole thing ... and a little of my brother's ... and maybe even a little of my friend's. thanks, boys ... god blessed you twice because you shared.
<review# 1720,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2010,8/28/2010,852,201,19,18,15>This place was like awesome times awesome. So much awesome kept growing from the awesomeness it was like awesomosis. I went here last night with my favorite person on the planet after an afternoon of perusing potential new abodes for myself in the area. It was a nice finishing detail to add to my inspiring day. First off, the staff here was extremely nice and personable. All with smiles, and engaging in the laughter and brief convo we brought to the table. There was no rush, nor no long wait - timing was perfect. They didn't even have a problem with us making room to feed a stray beetle that flew in for a bite. I'm sure that beetle has never had such a meal... Second, the food = effing amazing. Appetizers: Yellow Fin Tuna Ceviche - Awesome Blackened Chicken Quesadilla w/Chihuahua cheese - Awesome (and who knew you could milk a chihuahua???) Entrees: Meatloaf stuffed w/Cheddar and Bacon - Holy Awesome! I have to stop to say I LOVE meatloaf. Mom's meatloaf particularly. However, I have come to find that most establishments try to get way too fancy and ALWAYS eff up a good thing. I was extremely pleased to find this was far from the case here. Meatloaf stuffed with bits of bacon and cheeeeeese, I'm sayin', a river of cheese ran through it! It was like the meat and cheese version of lava cake... Braised Breef... I mean Beef. Holy Awesome again! It was so no-knife-needed tenderiffic and juicy delicious that we couldn't talk straight. Odd words that came up during the meal: "braised breef," "clookie clutter," "stripe-ed," "tigery," "profiterole" ... Desserts: Tiramisu. Tasty. Banana Bread Pudding w/Vanilla Bean ice cream. SHUT YO' MOUF Awesome! I always try to avoid using the phrase "it's like an orgasm in your mouth," but you should have seen my friend's eyes roll back in her head upon the first bite... yeah, it was that good... All that, and being able to eat outside on such a beautiful night in comfortable seating was the icing on the Tiramisu...
<review# 1721,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2006,12/10/2006,2,4,5,9,7>Daaaaaamn!!!!! Where has this place been hiding??? I can honestly say I will never have to venture beyond walking distance from my house again to do all my clothes shopping. They have everything under one roof. All the clothing & accessories are displayed so nicely - I could spend hours just browsing. Beautiful stuff, hassle free shopping, I wish I could give more stars!
<review# 1722,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2006,12/9/2006,23,17,7,3,7>When you go to this place,They will try so hard to know your face.And when you go to this place,They absolutely want to learn your name.The same goes for all the cool bartenders,They will fix you up with anything you want.Provided you are ready to surrender,To their ways of emptying your bank accountI'm your 'private' bartender,I tender for money,What do you want me to do?I'm your private bartender,I'll serve you my honey,For there is no one like you!
<review# 1723,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2006,12/8/2006,276,401,6,4,6>Ok.  First, I'd like to buy a vowel.  That vowel would be "O" as in "Oh my god, will they please seat us soon?!?"Or, "E" as in "Eek!  They are trying to seat 9 of us into a very small booth!"  We're small, guys, but DAMN!  Give a girl some space!Or, "A" as in "Ahhhh....why are all these men leering?"  But that's another story.Or, "U" as in "You should get the appetizers for sure.  They are damn good.  My large group tried everything from the shrimp rice krispies (yum!) to the blue cheese/iceberg salad (great!) to the fois gras french toast (cool!).  Or "I" as in "I can't recommend with my whole heart but just with, to paraphrase Janis Joplin, a little piece of my heart, baby.And "Y" -because I like you.  (Insert "M-O-U-S-E.")
<review# 1724,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/7/2006,12/7/2006,1916,875,24,10,9>There are few times in my life when I wish that I had breasts, but my visit to Loft proved to be one of those times.  A good friend was having a birthday celebration here and had called to reserve some space a few days in advance.  When she called the night of said event to confirm, they said they knew nothing about a reservation, and that they normally don't reserve space in the front of the bar anyway. There was much protesting, but as it was too late to change the plans, we decided to take our chances.  The host who greeted us said he believed us that someone had taken the reservation, but that it had been a mistake and there was nothing he could do.  Our birthday girl was distraught, so her two savvy friends, after deciding that our host was a straight male, decided to divide and conquer.  Friend #1, me, the one without breasts, took the b-day girl to the bar while Friend #2, very breastfully endowed, went to see if she could work a little of her...ahem...magic to finagle something for us.  By the time we returned from the bar to the little corner we had carved for ourselves, our breasty friend was beckoning us to the back, the manager standing behind her.  We wandered downstairs where an empty booth was waiting for us.  I tipped my hat to Friend #2, who's only response was "What can I say? The girls were expensive, but worth every penny."Breasts and reservations aside, Loft is certainly not a bad choice for a bar/lounge/club in this area, in fact, it may even be the best choice, but it's trying a little too hard to bring a TriBeCa type feel to the Upper West Side, and I wish it weren't trying so hard.  Even it's website says it's trying to create a downtown feel uptown, and I find the endeavour to be  more than a little belaboured.  But the drinks were good, and the decor is well done - love the wooden cage lanterns.  I'd like to come back here not on a Saturday night because I think it would be a lovely place to just come for a drink - I just hope I can get one with out the requisite rack.
<review# 1725,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2006,12/5/2006,160,154,5,4,3>I thought one of the waiters was pretty flippin' cute...am I going to hell?Okay, yeah, I know, you're thinking, "The waiters at the PL hot?" Yeah I know. But I swear there was one cute, tall brunette, olivey-skin, slight accent server, was he Italian? I know most of them have worked there since the turn of the century - seasoned, salt-n-pepper'd with a huge case of dry humor and huge nightly tips, but hey, there's always a diamond in the rough!Let's get to the grub'n'tips for your trip:1. Bring your CASH and your appetite....do not eat 3 hours before your RESERVATIONS NEEEDED time. Make rooom for your expensive steak.2. Transpo:  just grab a cab across town and screw the 3-subway transfer...unless you really want to work up your appetite.3. Steak  (Medium rare, never anything further)for 2 is seriously enough for 4 girls. Spoon all the juicy drippins all over your slices of steak too.  ALWAYS get the CANADIAN SWINE ...I mean BACON - 1 piece per person is the bare minimum you should order, it's like swallowing the most fragrant pork ever..if you didn't eat pork before, you will tonight!4. SKIP the tomato and onion side dish. Waste of calories and money.  Don't even bother with the salads unless you haven't had a BM in a couple days....Famous Potatoes are okay....I don't even bother with any of the other stuff...get it if your are really hungry.  5. The Desserts are good - the Holy Cow Sundae is delish, the Cheesecake is great with the SHLAG...6. Overall ambiance has a tavern feel...wood planks all over, PL keeps it real...especially with the seasoned tall waiters in their white shirts, black bow tie and white apron. PL shows us that they stay unique by keeping it real....staying true to the holy power of pure steak.***Not 5 stars because our waiter was way tooo dry***
<review# 1726,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2006,12/4/2006,106,35,4,17,7>I've eaten Sushi in Tokyo including a place right in Tsukiji  (sushi dai). That's probably the best place i've eaten. The fish was just to fresh and the price was right...I've eaten at many of the high and low end sushi places in NYC from Nobu to sushi joints in the East Village. I've also eaten at Masa's old place in Beverly Hills (2 Rodeo Drive).Both my meal at Ginza Sushi-Ko (more than 10 years ago) and my meal at Masa, just after they opened are more memorable than any other meals i've eaten. Tiny baby squid, Lobster Sabu Sabu, Turo Rolls, just to name a few... Instead of going to Atlantic City and dropping $500 or $700 go here..
<review# 1727,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2006,12/3/2006,40,217,2,7,8>"You say Palatschinken, I say Palacsinta -- Let's call the whole thing off."  On second thought, let's not.  While the sweet [Hungarian] palacsinta (crepe) my mother used to make was filled with cheese and raisins and served as dessert, the palatschinken I had last night at Cafe Sabarsky was served as an appetizer and filled with smoked trout in a horseradish sauce, topped with creme freche.  It was simply delectable.Their Hungarian beef goulash with fresh herbed Spatzle was very tasty and reminiscent of home cooking, but the meat was surprisingly tough and should have been stewed much longer so it would just fall apart with your fork.  The goulash was redeemed by the apple strudel.
<review# 1728,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2006,12/2/2006,8,42,7,6,6>The name sounds a bit perverse, which is appropriate, because the food here is perversely freakin' delicious.  Not only are the rotisserie and fried chicken dripping with juicy goodness and seasoned to perfection, they're also free range organic birds, so you know you're getting the good stuff.  I disagree with the criticism of the sides - the mac and cheese was satisfyingly rich and creamy.  But, I just don't get the corn bread.  It looks and tastes like those dry, flavorless cakes Frodo and Sam subsisted on during their quest in Lord of the Rings.  But everything else was so addictively tasty, that I've put this place on my speed dialer for delivery.
<review# 1729,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2006,12/1/2006,93,905,21,6,5>Awesome noodles and decor.  Confused staff.  Me: "What beers do you have?"Waiter: [points to wine]Me: "No, those are wines.  What beers do you have?"Waiter: [points to a line that says BEER $5] Me: "Yes, I know you have beer, what kinds do you have?"Waiter: [lists their weak selection]Me: "Ehh, I'll just have water."My friend: "I'll have a sapporo."Waiter: "Ok, two waters."[moment passes.  new waiter arrives.]Waiter #2: "Can I get you something to drink?"As my friend put it, "At least they built some sort of redundancy into their service."
<review# 1730,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2006,11/30/2006,376,410,11,7,7>While not perfect, this place is pretty sweet if you have a good personal shopper with you. As Sam P. says, if you come in here not looking for something, you're much more likely to find it. For someone like myself who doesn't like shopping, this place was great. The young gents and ladies that work here are of a special quality. I was fascinated both with their accents and interpersonal relationships. The young gent folding jeans next to me had about ten young misses come over to him and each appeared to be in a different phase of the flirting process. One was "over him"(.....pause...pause...naht!), another "how many jeans have you folded", another, " you're cute, but I don't know", and finally one was "let me grab some more jeans for you to fold."  The guy played cool, "I can't work here, I distract the customers. Everyone stares at me." At the checkout in this frenetic bustling superstore, I found myself face to face with the most chill clerk. He spent 20 minutes patiently folding my clothes while the line built up. If you've ever seen a cow graze without a care in the world... Overall a worthy place to find designer deals on duds and a bevy of basics. Especially good for socks, underwear, and ties.
<review# 1731,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2014,4/24/2014,211,383,15,22,17>Goat Milk ice cream?? well let me tell you it is delicious. Im never fond of really expensive ice cream but this one is almost worth the $7 for a small cup of it. I had the caramel or dulce de leche fresh goat milk ice cream and it was to die for. I mean it was so damn good.Things to consider: goat milk is good for lactose intolerant people. Its also the milk that resembles most to women's milk making it easier to digest.The place is small and the employees were great and smile  a lot making you feel comfortable. They also sell food that i hope taste as good as the ice cream. The ice cream is made fresh and on site (i think its what the girl said) and the goats are not fed crap and hormones like all US cows.My only 1 star less is because of price.. Not fond of over priced food. I dont care how its made. Its only ice cream
<review# 1732,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2013,4/23/2014,299,329,7,12,7>Man, I love Mancora. Although I commonly mistake it for the the Mancala game or the Macondo AYCD brunch spot, I still know this little corner spot in East Village has the best ceviche I've ever had (and that includes the amazing-but-contaminated real thang my friends and I paid the price for in Cuzco and Lima). You won't find better bang for your buck - the various mountainous rawesome entrees at Mancora are officially the ONLY ceviches that will completely fill you up, and at only $15 or so each. The norteña, with a variety of fish and shellfish in a flavorful, tangy lime/tomato sauce and fresh avocado, wins by a landslide, with the mixto de mariscos, a shellfish-only specialty bathed in a simpler lime juice base, in second place. Although their house hot sauce is nowhere close to Mamoun's on the scorch scale, it has some bite, and I'm a fan. While the ceviches take the cake, the skirt steak with fried egg is a bit hit with mis amigos, and the pisco sours are amazing and great on the wallet at $7 a pop. The appetizers are NOT to be missed, particularly the grilled octopus and calamari. The octopus in panca sauce is deliciously tender, but not for the faint of heart: these little babies are served grilled and whole, with tiny tender heads just asking to be torn off their deliciously chewy little tentacle bodies with your teeth (after being dipped in their amazing side sauces, of course!). Yum. Mancora accommodates large groups, reservations are honored on time, and you can typically make arrangements at the last minute. It's MUCH quieter at lunch or brunch (and there are great specials under $10), and loud, crowded, and more divey for dinner, but the delicious food and efficient service never waiver. After three years of living in Manhattan, I decided to have my most recent birthday group dinner here. When you just know your meal will be covered by your amazing friends and you still choose this bargain dive spot for your big day, that says somethin'. ¡Vamanos!
<review# 1733,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2014,4/22/2014,485,503,5,11,7>Came here for last minute dinner with two girlfriends at 7pm yesterday and despite open table saying they were booked until 10:30 we were squeezed in for an hour dinner.  "We need the table back by 8:15pm" "Yea, we're starving so we will eat fast" love how honest they were.My girlfriend recommended the kale and quinoa salad with salmon on top.  Although it's not an official item on the menu it should be.  It was awesome!  The dressing was perfect and the kale and salmon flavors blended really nicely.  It was delicious.  I would definitely go back to try some other dishes and cocktails but we had just come from a bar and were not drinking more.The service was really fast and the restaurant wasn't overwhelmingly loud but it was packed.  Maybe I will try brunch when the weather gets nicer.
<review# 1734,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2014,4/21/2014,3042,749,16,29,27>Old School Italian Butcher ShopDelicious Homemade ChiliTake a trip back in time, and visit Italy when you're on the Upper East Side.  Walking down the street one fine afternoon, I couldn't help but notice a "Delicious Homemade Chili" sign, which tugged at my taste buds. With high hopes, i decided to venture in and grab a bowl. Two chicken fingers, one container of chili, and a mixed green salad later, I found myself sitting on their bench watching people walk by. The chili was DELICIOUS!! Not too thick - hearty. The roasted red peppers balanced out the flavor perfectly. Their chicken strips, are entirely too addicting. Thin and long, the strips have a nice consistency. They are fairly thick and have a crunchy texture, with just the right amount of saltiness. If you like chicken strips, this could become a regular addiction. The green salad was decent, thankfully it did not have iceberg lettuce.The food here is served cold, and available for pick up / delivery. If you ask nicely, the guys will gladly heat up your soup, and there is a bench outside. As this is a butcher shop there is no seating, their drink selections are limited.  I had visited Ottomanelli many years ago, and was glad to re-discover it again. Great job guys!! Thank you for being so sweet - I'll definitely be back.The Scene: Traditional, ItalianDestination Rating: 5Date Rating: N/A   (Perfect for ordering in)Hob Nob Potential: 4Strong Suggestion: Try the chili - it's delicious!
<review# 1735,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2014,4/20/2014,486,392,10,22,17>The Ginger Man will undoubtedly become your favorite bar of all-time if you are a fan of beer, and I mean beer from all over the world. Okay, maybe you may not like beer, but I think you'll come to love beer because of The Ginger Man. This bar is just fantastic, and it's certainly one of the best bars I've encountered in the city. From draft to bottled, they go beyond domestics and possess a selection like no other -- Perhaps over 100 types of beers are available, over 60 of which are on tap. Aside from having a fantabulous beer menu, the atmosphere is inviting, warm, spacious, casual, and just perfect for any occasion. It does tend to get busy at certain times, so getting a table can be a bit of a challenge; first come, first serve. I advise coming here earlier than later, especially on an inevitably busy night. I'd say it always gets packed after 9PM. Service is always great though in spite of the bustle. Their staff is super-friendly and advise on what types of beers to try. While they have food, it is sub-par and average. I wouldn't say that is the focus here. They print a new menu daily. Front and back of their daily beer menu, they have what seems like an overwhelming list of beers on draft or bottled. However, they organize the beers nicely. They list the location of the brewery, the number of ounces served, the price, the ABV, and the type (IPA, Amber, Lager, Cider, etc). It takes out most of the guesswork because of how well they organize their list. For those who know their beers and those who don't, The Ginger Man will guide you to the right choice of beverage based on your personal tastes. My favorite part of this bar is that they serve the beers in their proper glasses, even sometimes with the proper branding/label on them. You won't be sipping out of generic pint glasses or mugs here.All in all, The Ginger Man is one of my top bars in the city. I honestly love this place too much. It's always beyond reliable. I've only told all my friends and their mothers about this place, and I can tell you that no one I've recommended this bar to has left disappointed. They take beer seriously here, and if you are a beer connoisseur, you will need to make a mandatory trip to The Ginger Man. For those who aren't keen on beer, they do have a full bar, although I can't speak for their pricing. Otherwise, you shall not be disappointed by what they have to offer with regards to beer, beer, and more beer. Take my word for it.
<review# 1736,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2014,4/19/2014,766,129,8,11,11>This mini sub packs a knockout flavor punch! Every bite makes my taste buds do the tango as each component of this sandwich jumps out and smacks me silly! Consistently awesome; and that's why I really love this place.Here, they revolutionized the "new age flavor" meets "traditional style" Cambodian sandwich that will take you to a whole new level. If you thought you knew what num pang (literally meaning sandwich) was before, I challenge you to give this a try! These perfectly toasted fresh mini baguettes with the perfect mix of high end ingredients easily makes this hero one of New York's best eats-between-two-slices-of-bread! Each sub compliments the filling of choice with a cool crunch of cucumber, pickled carrots, and fresh cilantro. And with this list of my personal faves, just try to stop yourself from drooling with your eyes: Five-Spice Glazed Pork Belly, Coconut Tiger Shrimp, and Pulled Duroc Pork to name a few. There is a great variety at this storefront and you are more than welcome to eat your way around their pricy, but awesome menu.
<review# 1737,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2014,4/18/2014,135,109,16,19,14>Ooh, baby, do you know what that's worth?Ooh heaven is a place in GreenwichThey say in heaven potatoes comes firstWe'll make heaven a place in GreenwichOoh heaven is a place in GreenwichA PLACE THAT SPECIALIZES IN POTATOES IN ALL FORMS?!?!? AHHHHH!!! Who knew we could get to heaven so soon? They have your mashed, smashed, baked, au gratin, curly fries, shoestring fries, crinkle, skin chips, potato chips. You can top them with cheese, scallions, onion, garlic, jalapeño. Add bacon, shrimp, sausage, steak. Douse it in Chipotle ketchup, truffle aioli, sour cream, ranch... I am the Bubba Gump of potatoes, please stop me now and get thyself to Potatopia! Once you're there, do yourself a favor and get the Lower East Sider- tater tots topped with smoked salmon, sour cream and scallions. Or you can't go wrong with the Comatoser- skin chips, house salt and pepper, cheddar cheese, asiago cheese, pepperjack cheese, green onions, red onion, garlic, cilantro, jalapeño, broccoli, bacon, melted cheddar, roasted pepper and ranch. Wait, is it raining or did a bit of your drool just land on your arm?
<review# 1738,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2013,4/17/2014,180,1009,13,20,16>Came for Kamayan night - where the food is spread all over the table on banana leaves and you eat with your hands.The hipster-maybe-Jewish server girl had an astounding ability to pronounce and explain Filipino dishes -- good job. They don't seat you until all the food has already been trucked onto the table. Well, trucked is a lousy phrase, because that would imply it is just poured indiscriminately onto the table. After our meal, we were able to watch another Kamayan meal get set up on the table across from us. They start with rice, then with sanitary gloved hands, grab food from various plates and lay it across the rice. The end result looks simple, but really takes some effort.What else should you know?- About not getting seated until your table is already prepared and ready to go food wise. This may occur 30-40 minutes after your stated reservation time because Filipinos. Don't arrive hangry.- You get a hand towel to wipe up before you start, but really if you're interested in keeping things clean, wash your hands and ignore the towel. They take them away symbolically to prevent you from cheating during the meal.- How do you eat with your hands without licking your fingers? Simple. grab some food with your thumb and index and middle fingers and let it rest on the latter two. Then, like a pinball machine shooting a ball into the playing field, use your thumb to guide the wad of food into your mouth. Once sauce has really soaked into the rice, you're screwed. Just have a slop pile in front of you that you corral with your fingers once in a while. Saucy rice can be picked up if you can get it all together in one place.- Leave a hand clean so you can do stuff like wipe your nose. It might run (mine did) if you have the Bicol Express. This is OK, guys. If the other hand never touches food, it's NOT A PROBLEM. And you have no napkins, so what else can you do?- If you get beer, get it by the pitcher. We didn't know it was an option. But frankly, if eating is the name of your game, don't get beer at all.- Speaking of eating, WAY TOO MUCH FOOD. Lotsa doggie bags. If you were keeping clean like I told you how, this won't really be a problem, because the food won't be all spitty!- Also speaking of eating, what should you order? My two favorites were dinuguan (stew with pork-blood sauce) and Bicol Express. Puto was nice too as it is fried and not steamed as it usually is. If I had to do it again, I would pay the couple bucks extra for the whole fried fish. It looked AMAZING.- Eating-with-hands-wise, you're off the hook once the main meal is over. Halo-Halo is served with spoons, though you're still sharing. Our group of 7 got 2 big sundae cups of halo-halo.- Finally, with the check, tax and tip is included at a 20% rate if you are a party of 6 or more. After observing the work that went into serving the meal, it's worth it. This is actually service -- they get their (gloved) hands dirty for you! But keep in mind that if you were budgeting $40 per person, it's really $50 per person after tax and tip. And more if you get beer. So it's not cheap. But it's definitely a unique experience, and the food is great.Get it? Got it? Good. Now get dirty and don't forget to take it slow and have fun Filipino style! Kamayan is the Filipino version of ordering massive meatballs and pasta dishes at red sauce restaurants -- not really about the food (though most of it's great), but about the people you come with and talk to while you're chowing down!
<review# 1739,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2014,4/16/2014,444,306,9,25,13>There's a book I read year ago called the Miracle of Mindfulness by Zen master Thich Nhat Hanh. It essentially talks about the principles that govern Buddhism: the incredible power of living in the moment, being fully cognizant of one's surroundings and the details that compose each aspect of our lives. It's a practice in awareness. Anyway, there's this section where he discusses eating: we typically chew fast, whether out of hunger or a desire to move on to the next thing in our day or because it's what we're used to. He suggests chewing slowly, taking note of each facet of what we're eating: where it came from, how it was made ... really relishing the sacredness of food as something that nourishes our bodies and is a part of the cycle of life. I bring this up because the practice of mindful eating was never something I have personally experienced. I'm a food lover and oftentimes that translates into me DEVOURING my food, gobbling up all it sweet-salty-light-rich-filling-creamy-tart-acidic perfection. My trip to Sushi Nakazawa was my first practice in mindful eating. But I'll get back to that in a moment.  So several weeks ago, I received an email from my husband, subject "THIS PLACE LOOKS GREAT!!" The body of the email was the link to the now famous New York Times Review ... yeah, the one that led the New York Times to declare Sushi Nakazawa as the Best Restaurant in NY for 2013. I was aware of the 30 day + reservation wait, but I decided to try anyway. I was desperate for a great Christmas present for Brian (this, with only a week left until Christmas and still no gift for him). I called and a fabulous female British (Kiwi?) voice answered. After explaining my dilemma, she kindly squeezed us in for the following Friday at 7 pm. He was surprised... completely clueless until we were steps away from the restaurant. It was fantastic.  The restaurant is definitely a study in understated and minimalistic elegance. There are only 10 tables in the whole restaurant. The coveted sushi bar was the first thing we saw when we walked in, Daisuke Nakazawa in the center flanked by his other chefs. We were seated quickly at a table. The restaurant's sake sommelier approached the table to inquire about food preferences and allergies, and take our drink orders. We opted for the $40 sake special (dubbed the best drink deal in NY by Adam Platt) to accompany or omakase. The sake pairings were delicious and portions were the perfect size to accompany each dish without overpowering it.  We were each brought a small dish of pickled ginger, the only condiment we would be offered that night. One of the servers then brought our first course, two pieces of sushi on a rectangular white dish. Brian and I looked at each other. "How are we going to get full on this?" we telepathically inquired. We both picked up our chopsticks and started with the sushi on the right. Initially, I chewed slowly because I wanted to savor it, in case we wouldn't be getting our next course for a while. But then I instinctively closed my eyes. I tasted the tartness of the rice wine vinegar, the buttery richness of the fish, the slight spice of the miso. It all melted together down my throat and I was amazed. There was no spicy mayo, no soy sauce, no vegetables or tempura batter or fruit to mask the flavor. It was just us and the fish. As the courses progressed, we realized we'd be more than satisfied with our servings. At one point, I inquired about how sushi pieces were paired together. The server explained that like fish was paired: tuna, roe, salmon, mackerel, shrimp, urchin, eel ... I'm fairly certain they ran the gamut with the selections. At one point, I inquired about Chef Nakazawa's signature dish. The server smiled "that's your next course ... the final course". I've never been one for Tamago, but when it takes anyone 10 years to master something, you have to feel a certain giddiness about it. It was smooth, creamy, delicately sweet and a perfect end to the omakase. The sommelier returned to our table. "At this point, would you like to revisit any dishes that you've already tried, or perhaps continue the experience with some new dishes?" I felt a little bit like Alice with that one. How much more was there to try? We decided on two additional pieces each (or $40 additional). The omakase was completed with a sorbet dish, served with pomegranate seeds and raspberries.   As we sat waiting for the check, it dawned on me what tremendous confidence Chef Nakazawa must have in his craft to serve 21 pieces of sushi that are so fresh, so superior in quality, that he offers nothing else at his restaurant: no amous bouche, no appetizers, no sides, no condiments. And in truth, his confidence is well deserved and fully earned. His sushi was the freshest and most delicious in its subtle flavors that I have ever had. As we began to walk out, I caught Chef Nakazawa's eyes. He smiled a full smile, one that started in his eyes and expressed deep gratitude at o
<review# 1740,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2014,4/15/2014,804,1655,14,28,17>It is places like this that make me truly love my city. Where in the world can you find Ethiopian, Sri Lankan, Indonesian, Trinidadian food all within a few miles of each other?I've had Sri Lankan food at Banana Leaf and really enjoyed it, so when friends wanted to come here, I was really excited about it. I didn't know there was another place in the city that serves Sri Lankan food. Cool, it pays to have friends. Sigiri is named after "Sigiriya," which is also known as Lion Rock in Sri Lanka. Not sure what the connection is, as I didn't get a chance to read the description on the back of the menu. Sigiriya is a UNESCO World Heritage Site. Cool, I also learned something on top of eating delicious food. For appetizers, we tried the Dhal Vade (lentil patties) and fish cutlets. Although fried, both were extremely tasty and came with interesting side sauces. For the main entree, I had the vegetable curry ($9.50). They have a few veggie choices which included string beans, beets and also soy protein. You cannot get a mixture, and have to order just one of kind of veggie. I was a bit bummed about that.To accompany the curry, we also ordered a side of Pol Roti ($9.95), which is a coconut roti, but it reminds me of cassava cakes I had in the Caribbeans. Our party also ordered a side of hoppers($11.95), which are water-thin, bowl-shaped pancakes and the consistency reminds me of a dosa. The complex nature of the spices used and the textures really woke up my mouth and I found myself with a mouth "on fire" for most of the evening even when we asked for mild seasoning. It is a great way to drink more water!I truly loved this dining experience and I heard they also have a Sunday buffet offering. Looks like I'll be eating here very soon again! FYI:  This place is CASH only and BYOB and seating is limited, so it is best to just come with one other person and not your whole entourage!
<review# 1741,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2010,4/13/2010,110,187,21,19,19>i'm always complaining about televisions in bars, but what's nice about dram shop, on the weekend afternoons when i've visited, is that the televisions are on mute.  a little television silence goes a long way with me.other things that i love about it here:blue point toasted lager on tapthe giant booths, seemingly constructed for groups of people 7' tall.  the little caddies that they bring out prior to your hamburgers being served, with all the things one could hope for, including a generous supply of thick napkins and ... vinegar for your fries!the hamburgers.  if the cow that they were made from could taste them, it would probably feel like it died for a good cause.  yes, i know that's morbid.  shut it, it's my review.the irish nachos.  the name of the person who created them escapes me, but whoever you are, your idea to put nacho toppings on a big plate of fries and THEN add bacon, well, whoever you are, you've earned a special place in my heart.  and i'm sure that place in my heart will need stents by the time i'm 50.  of course then i'll have a hearty dislike for you, but right now it's the honeymoon phase.my only problem lies with the angus chili.  the day i had it, it was just a thick gravy with a few bits of meat thrown in.  that's it!  NOTHING ELSE.  also, it was white hot.  so hot that the roof of my mouth was singed for over a week.  that meant no cereal for breakfast.  which meant bananas and yogurt for a week which seemed like an eternity.  still, it was a small price to pay for everything else being so good.
<review# 1742,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/17/2009,4/12/2010,215,192,30,16,17>About the only person giving me compliments these days is Yelp. "Looking good, Brett." "You're looking smart today, Brett." Thanks, boo. If it weren't for you, I might be stuck in a corner, crying, like a baby, listening to "Hungry Eyes" on repeat all night.* But since Yelp and I aren't monogamous**, I decided to go out and maybe, just maybe, impress something other than my computer for once.Royal Oak, as it turns out, is really just a lot of white people dancing. I don't have anything against either of the two, but it can be an interesting combo. Unfortunately, I still haven't learned the value of pre-gaming, so I arrived as the Sober Sister, and I don't dance without being heavily intoxicated.***After downing a beer as quickly as I could, I was ready to at least move my hips a little. The backroom was extremely crowded (Friday night), so I barely had room to show off my moves. Worse, I was stuck. No, literally, I was stuck. My feet had the misfortune of meeting the floor right in a spot where someone had clearly spilled a drink. I could barely lift my shoes!But nobody puts Baby in a corner, so I fought through and grooved a little. I became just another white person dancing. Not bad, Royal Oak, not bad.__________* Too soon?** Yelp's been around the block (EVERY block) a few times.*** Anyone watch True Blood? I sort of dance like Andy, that is, like I'm having an epileptic seizure. I could also be compared to Elaine on Seinfeld. It's not pretty.
<review# 1743,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2010,4/11/2010,851,191,5,9,9>Crazy that this place is around the corner from me (and I know how we're all used to saying 'around the corner' when the place is 10 mins away) but this really and literally is around the corner from me! Yet I never went there!So my dear friend and neighbor came over today - we worked on a bottle of red. I fed us the gorgeously delicious white borscht that I made this morning (also known as Zurek in Poland) but we got hungry. Again. So since the wind chill is Syberia crazy and that's exactly where Natalia was born (dear friend and neighbor mentioned earlier) we so were not walking far. Around the corner (literally) it was. The place is really nice. I was expecting a counter with displayed pizzas, you order a slice, they pop it in the oven to reheat, you grab it, you go. No, no, no. There are BOOTHS! You sit down, a sweet waitress comes over, we order a bottle of great Italian red (MSRP $21), an order of garlic bread with cheese (delicious), and a small pizza that we customize with tomatoes, pepperoni and jalapenos. Everything was delicious. I'm coming back. For sure. And... yeah.
<review# 1744,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2009,4/10/2010,102,130,26,21,25>For me, Minar represents India.  Minar is dirty.  India is dirty. Minar is crowded.  India is crowded.Minar is disorganized.  India is disorganized.Minar is chaotic.  God knows India is chaotic!However, I promise you that despite all the negative aspects of Minar (India), you will thoroughly enjoy the food, somehow begin to embrace the chaos, find hidden efficiency in their disorganization, and leave very happy - all for $7.95.  That's right, India is also cheap!
<review# 1745,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2010,4/7/2010,226,316,21,19,15>This Little Carb Zombie Had It That Way.And she loved every bite of it. Don't bother taking it to go - especially if you get it "That Way" - stand there at the tiny counter and scarf it down. The au jus wont have completely soaked into the bun yet. The potato salad was yummy, but filled me up so that I only ate half of my sandwich there (I'm sure it had nothing to do with the beer sloshing around in my belly from earlier). The staff guys are just as friendly and awesome as the Artichoke and Led Zeppole staff. Always genuinely smiling and willing to give suggestions. No doubt I'll be back - rain or shine, drunk or sober, on my way to the market or as I cry, "wee wee wee" all the way home.
<review# 1746,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2009,4/6/2010,107,117,14,15,15>This is my favorite brunch spot and it gets CROWDED.  Those Bromberg brothers sure know their way into a lady's heart, I tellya, with this blue ribbon dynasty they got goin on! The line forms 20 min before the door opens at 11:30am, but it is well worth the wait.  If you get there after, the wait could be well over an hour.  So stop hugging the porcelain god after that crazy night last night and get your tail moving over here!There is seating upstairs and downstairs and they take reservations for parties larger than 5.  If you get the chance to sit downstairs, you can check out their 135 year old brick oven where all that fresh bread and other bakery goodness is made.  I LOVE the bread basket.My favorite thing to order: Blue Benedict.  It is your poached eggs served with serrano ham, jarlsberg cheese, tomato on a freshly toasted challah bread.  In the words of Homer: "ahhghhgrghh" *slobber slobber* *dry hump dry hump* (i added those in).  And get yourself a sidling of Chorizo Hash while you are at it.  It is dee-lish-ness.Other great things - French toast with raisin bread.  Yeah I know, everyone loves challah french toast, but their raisin bread should be patented. Shit's goood.I will say, brunch is pricey for brunch as most places charge $15 for entree AND hash AND mimosa all for the price of 1.  But here, you are looking at spending $20 - $25 for all that.
<review# 1747,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2010,4/5/2010,231,368,11,16,13>If you have ears, you've probably heard that the New York Times recently called Motorino the BEST PIZZA IN NEW YORK! Is it true? Well, the long answer is that is like yetis, Shangri-La and poo that don't stink, there is no such thing as the best pizza because blah blah blah... but the short answer is: Yes.From the humble slurry of flour and yeast rises a crisp shell freckled with char and protecting the tender toothsome core of chewy crust. As you lift each slice the tip lazily hangs but the topping never abandon ship; each morsel of brussel sprout or mozzarella di bufala or pancetta or soppressata finds safe harbor into your masticating mouth. yelp.com/biz_photos/CDcy…  The tomato sweet sauce is spread thick under the sparse cheese, flaunting its natural earthy subtleness, but is never watery, never bland. yelp.com/biz_photos/CDcy… I often order the Mixed Green Salad yelp.com/biz_photos/CDcy… the simple concoction with parsley, chives, and red onion arrives with a tiny pitcher full of and even tinier portion of balsamic and olive oil emulsion. The spicy greens nullify the tart dressing into an aging grape sweetness on the tongue as the mineraly olive oil coats the rest of your mouth. Not wanting the evening to end, when the waitress offered housemade bombolini for dessert we gladly accepted without knowing what they were. Turns out they are doughnuts, one with cream one with raspberry preserves, and they taste a lot like, well, dounuts... yelp.com/biz_photos/CDcy… I'd skip them and order another pizza for dessert...What? No, they don't make dessert pizza (yet), since when is the sweet serenity of another DOC Margherita not appropriate for dessert? yelp.com/biz_photos/CDcy…
<review# 1748,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2009,4/4/2010,68,684,14,19,12>Helllo, this is the real deal. I ate these Xianjiang lamb kabobs from sketchy coal boxes all the time in Beijing. Trust me, this cart is heads and shoulders above them all in terms of cleanliness. So don't fear this cart, you young overly-hygienic American. The only other thing that's not OG about this guy is that he uses a mask. Real Xianjiang BBQers don't wear masks, all that charcoal carbon monoxide is pure oxygen for them.Don't expect chunks of lamb, you get well-proportioned thinner cuts that let the fat and flavor come out in all their unhealthy glory. Of course, there's also the delicious seasonings that's sprinkled on. For $1/piece, you can splurge and taste some authentic Xianjiang lamb BBQ. Only in NY. Well, Flushing, but still, I've never found this in any other US city (yet)! Get the lamb, that's the real way it's done.
<review# 1749,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2009,4/3/2010,68,142,26,23,15>im too scared to actually own a bike of my own in this city.  so instead, we joined the tourists and rented some (opted against the tandem bike this time around) for a few hours from this place.a. it's cheap (with a 10% discount if you reserve online through their website):1 hour - $152 hours - $203 hours - $25all day - $35b. it's close enough to central park to walk your bikes.  what?  i already said im too afraid to ride a bike on the streets of this city.c. and the worker guy was super friendly.  though it got a little too friendly when he asked us about boyfriends and/or babies.  why not husbands?  i dont know either.  i wonder if he thought we were tourists he could lure back to his studio apartment to chop our bodies into little pieces.  yes, i watch too much law and order: svu.
<review# 1750,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2009,4/2/2010,174,225,9,18,12>First they contacted me. Then I was framed. It all happened so fast.  No really--- truly fast. I spent weeks doing my research to find an eye doctor anywhere in the NYC area- one that accepted my insurance and could help to put my need for glasses in hindsight. Finally I settled on Brooklyn Eyeworks, and promptly was set up for an appointment.  Dr. Bazan is incredible, patient, and passionate about good vision. Not only did he go through all of the normal procedures for fitting me for contacts and checking my prescription, but he took the time to explain different contact options and what would be best since I'm around toxic materials a lot (yayyy art school).    Then there's Danny. Love at first sight. Not only is Dr. Bazan passionate about vision, but his sidekick has a knack for picking out the frames that will --- make ---you --want -- to-- wear--- them.   Other businesses have always rushed me through the trying-on process, giving me phony advice and hoping I'll settle on something soon. Danny, oh Danny boy... he let me try on everything! Nevermind the fact that he pulled out my destined pair right in the beginning and said that they'd look fabulous on me.... he still pulled out every pair I eyed and patiently juggled the pairs I liked until we narrowed it down.   Between Danny and Dr. Bazan, you will walk away from Park Slope with your vision sparkling (okay, well maybe not quite then, as your pupils might still be dilated and you'll be donning goofy shades....). Five and a half stars if it were possible, I'd recommend them any day! *Juicy tidbits: you can usually find a coupon on their website under the "goodies" tab, for a discount on frames or your checkup.  * Danny not only set me up with some designer frames, but sent me away with a second pair for free that my insurance covered.
<review# 1751,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2014,11/20/2014,94,128,21,10,7>Ghetto Fabulous! Times 10. I was upset when the midtown one closed. I had an out of body, when the 6th ave one shut their doors earlier this year.  This IS the last. If it goes, the world might as well end. Dramatic? Maybe. But, how else do I express my love for this heart attack waiting to happen of a shack! When I was broke as a joke in the 90s, Gray's was there. When I was broke as Fuck in the 00's, Gray's was there. When I was white gurl wasted last week, Gray's was THERE! Their love for me is unconditional. And mine for them, shall echo an eternity. The dog's are the best. No, they ain't organic. No, you will not find a salmon or vegan option. But, you will find TOTS! And, they aren't even that greasy. Bonus. The dog's are cooked the right way, with that snap. Dog's made the right way, all beef. And the old school, dirty toppings that were meant for this marriage between you and this (Anthony) Weiner.
<review# 1752,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2014,11/19/2014,1117,776,8,13,12>I really like this bar and have been here numerous times.  The only negative are the guys who do security at the door.  They are always very strict/rough with everyone, so it's very uncalled for.The dress code is strict, so don't come in full on "street clothes".  After you do get through the door, you go through a curtain and enter the main seating area.  On the slower nights you can just sit at any of the tables and a server will take care of you.  However, on the busier nights it is very rare that you'll even get a table as they'll probably be reserved anyways.  I prefer sitting at the table and getting a server, however if that is not the case, you must go to the bar for a drink.The drinks here are really great and the bartenders really pay attention to detail.  The drinks take a little time to make, but it is totally worth it, so don't come here trying to get a red bull vodka.On a couple of the slower nights I came they had a jazz band playing, which was pretty awesome.  On the busier nights they were playing current and old school hip-hop and pop.
<review# 1753,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2014,11/18/2014,231,233,4,9,8>Come here to binge on eating and people watching! It was that rare sunny-beautiful-perfect day in New York City, and lines stretched long on the first open day of the spring (May 4). I was walking to meet my friend for lunch at Schnipper's, when she texted me and said that Madison Sq. Eats was opening that day. I did a quick google search on the offerings, and said hell yes!Hungry hoards of food hunters grumbled at the long lines on that sunny day, but in the end everyone was having a merry time. Come on, that's why you go to these things- you can find most of these places at their brick-and-mortar locations, but honestly we masochistically love the feeling of waiting in line and feeling like we accomplished something when we FINALLY order! Ok, well, the wide selection all in one place is fun too. Most of the offerings are not cheap, but pretty interesting. It was a tough decision- you could definitely spend a lot of time deciding, or a lot of money trying everything. Go with a group so you can sneak tastes of their food too!I would have loved to try Pig + Khao's adobo, La Sonrisa Empanadas, Arancini Bros rice balls (please serve some vegan ones next time!), and Bar Suzette's crepes. We ended up selecting Seoul Lee's bulgogi bibimbap and Takumi Taco's lunch box (2 tacos and a side). The bulgogi bibimbap definitely hit the spot. The meat was tender, moist, and very well marinated. Perfect bulgogi consistency! Paired with the spicy mayo and veggies and mixed with the rice- I was scraping the bowl clean!Takumi Taco's short rib taco was meh, and the spicy tuna taco could have had more kick to it. The spicy tuna's delicate flavor was good though. Skip the rice and beans side, it was too bland and we added it to our bulgogi bowl to soak up the goodness. I definitely thought the $12 price tag was steep for this. I was so happy basking in the warmth around my favorite things, food and people.
<review# 1754,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2014,11/17/2014,300,235,8,12,13>This totally made my morning! If your simple like me, and you enjoy an easy breakfast, this is your spot!Seriously. Who can be mad at freshly made yogurt mixed in w/all your favorite toppings??  :]If you are feeling lazy, order one of their signatures, I promise you won't be disappointed.I got the basics, "fruit & granola" the fruit topping of the day was raspberries, however I sub'ed it out for mangos. My yogurt was so delicious! Sweet, ripe mangos, cut to perfection, sitting on a layer of honey & granola. Did I mention all this goodness is served in a glass cup????When you're done, you can leave your glass cup behind, or if you want to keep it as a souvenir, you can let them know and they will swap it out for a nice clean one. I wish they would have more locations closer to my office.... TIP: Ask about their daily "topping" specials.
<review# 1755,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2014,11/16/2014,159,105,11,10,11>Pros: awesome lunch specials, rice comes out in hot stone pot!!! :) Cons: too much food? XDDuring the weekdays, they offer lunch specials: one soon doo boo and one main dish(kalbi, pork, etc.) all for less than 20 dollars. The main dish is a full portion that comes out on a hot skillet and is sooo good. I had the LA kalbi and spicy pork so far and they were really good. I couldn't believe all of that was under 20 bucks. I think it might be the best deal in the city weekday lunch!  :) Also, the rice comes out in a hot stone pot, which really makes the rice texture amazing - I am Asian so I know what I am talking about when it comes to rice and this hot stone pot rice is just divine. I could just dig into the rice and be happy with nothing else. Another good thing is that you can choose how spicy you want your soup to be. I usually go for the fiery!  :) sooo good!!! Anyways, Come hungry! You will walk out stuffed, I guarantee. :)
<review# 1756,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2014,11/15/2014,137,109,8,9,5>The premise for going to HunkOMania was to have a girls night out.  First you gotta get the VIP ticket or you're not getting the true experience at all -- especially if you take likeminded girlfriends.  VIP tickets included free photo, two lap dances, and other goodies. We were offered our choice of liquor which they went out and purchased.  Pineapple, Cranberry, and Orange Juice complemented our liquor!The production was absolutely fantastic. There were 3 acts.  They have a variety of men from all the nation...they certainly knew how to use "diversity" to juice up their act.  I met a south african, russian, indian, chinese, italian, arabic...african...and then there were those from Bx, Bk, and NJ - gotta love those from the empire state of mind!  The show began promptly at 9 and concluded at 11:30.  In between each act, all the male entertainer come by your table to seduce you.  They simulated a few dances from Magic Mike...however, i believe they were the originator and Magic Mike borrowed the routine. The male entertainer were truly entertainers and very tantalizing!The show...the show...ohhh the show... The show is absolutely amazing...its very impressive. The male host focus on you and make you feel so special, like you are the only one in the room.  The have something called the HOT SEAT where they bring women on stage and include them in there act.  If you want this - ask for Ed, the Sales guy. In the period of 3 acts, 8 women were on stage.  2 at a time... All in all, the show was well prepared and organized.  The show was completely original.  You will not be disappoint.  Not one unattractive entertainer.  The crowd is absolutely amazing. You must see and experience.I also received a fantastic lap dance from DINO. He's sicilian...so for those of you that love that Italian, get with DINO and let him put the moves on you! He's also sweet and sincere in his interactions with each individual.If you review any with negative stars, take into account where they are from. In NEW YORK anything goes. But as a native southern belle, it took me a while to let my hair down...after leaving the south but i was game for my first experience.  yes the guys grind on you...but you can also politely decline...you are at a male entertain club after all, a grown up version of disneyland. Like Disneyland all the character accost little kids to get a picture taken.  The same will occur at a entertainment joint. My advice to first timers or prudes (i was one), go to a female strip club first (preferably with a guy). Understand the culture.. then go to HunkOMania... you can't be a prude in a strip club.
<review# 1757,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2014,11/14/2014,162,86,56,17,17>The first move is to put a clamp on the nippleThe next is to gently cradle its bottomBring it so close to your face that you can feel the heat of its meatTenderly, teasinglyNibble on its supple, nubile skinOne small bite releasesa rush of fragrant aromasForm a flower with your lips, andsuck out the savory dew from withinGo ahead, pour a few drops of special saucedown your delicate bao holeAnd in one fell swoop, like the animal that you areShove the whole blessed thing into your gaping, waiting, greedy, bottomless mawAnd masticate, oh MASTICATE like you've never masticated before!IS THERE ANYTHING MORE INTIMATE THAN EATING XIAO LONG BAO?!?!?!?!When it is over, swallowwipe yourselfand say, "Wow mom, that was delicious. Let's order another basket!"
<review# 1758,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2014,11/13/2014,108,173,12,12,11>A couple of friends were in town, so we decided to get together at Morimoto. For a party of 7, our reservation was secured for 9:30. After checking in, we were informed by the host that we had to wait a little because the table before us was lingering. Fine, NBD. Wouldn't be a Chelsea restaurant without a wait. ;-)During that wait time, we talked about the decor, looked over the Morimoto cookbook that was on display, took photos, until we realized that 45 minutes had passed. We were getting a little impatient and the host was kind enough to treat us for drinks for our wait. Could we really be bought by alcohol? The answer is ABSOLUTELY. The boys got beers, while a few of us got this delicious Bulleit Bourbon cherry drink that was sososososooso delicious. Bourbon's the best (next to scotch). Finally, an hour later, and after the host profusely apologized, we were sat. Was this wait ridiculous? Yes, but I noted to my friend that I could not fault the restaurant too much for it because they were so kind to us (even treated us to some appetizers that were brought nearly immediately after we sat because we loved since were absolutely starving) and thoughtful. The appetizer thing - I couldn't think of anything more comforting than being able to eat SOMETHING immediately after sitting down. We were gracious, because probably we would have been really upset had they not gone to all the trouble to make us feel better. As far as food goes, I ordered the surf and turf ($39) that composed of a wagyu skirt steak and hamachi ribbons, herbed potatoes (that were to die for - I couldn't believe potatoes could taste THIS good), crushed citrus & avocado. The hamachi ribbons were prepared tableside (which was cute and quick). I also split the veggie of the day (sunchoke with pesto for $8) with a friend, and it was the perfect combination. My friend Jodi ordered the Sushi plate (the $45 size) and was pleased by all the fresh sushi choices on her plate. Tran ordered the chirashi sushi, which was a HUGE portion of fresh fish. It was $33, probably the least expensive dish, yet came in a gigantic bowl and had about 10-12 things inside. She was absolutely stuffed. My pal Sandra ordered the Duck Duck Duck that contained a duck sandwich, duck egg, and I forget the third component.All in all, the wait sucked but the service was superb and the food mouthwatering. I'll be back! Heard the desserts were amazing - next time for sure.
<review# 1759,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2014,11/12/2014,171,147,6,10,9>I've walked by this place dozens of times and never realized a majestic speakeasy was hidden right across from where I do laundry?!My friend suggested we grab drinks, I asked if we can have it nearby my side of town and so we agreed to Middle Branch. We decided to meet at 9pm on a Wednesday and were seated upstairs.. Exposed brick, fake marble fireplace.... A brownstone room turned bar!I read to always get bartender's choice. When the server asks you what you'd like and you say bartender's choice- make sure you have a general idea of what you want. I said Whiskey and Ginger and he made the Pheonix down (see photo).. Whenever I have a drink in mind the bartenders knew better than I did, of what I want... so expect yourself to go "Omg, what is this? I had no idea I even wanted this."  with each drink.We had such a good time trying out new drinks, getting much drunker than I expected. My friends each had 3 drinks and ended up paying $50 per person.I'd recommend this place. For sure.
<review# 1760,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2013,11/11/2014,313,125,6,14,10>I haven't been to an Asian supermarket this big since the one by me burned down several years ago.The workers were friendly. I was having trouble looking for some white tapioca pearls for my taro coconut dessert. The young woman I asked said she was new so she wasn't too sure where I could find what I needed. I then asked an older gentleman & he kindly pointed me to the right aisle. So if you cannot find an item, don't hesitate to ask. They have so many different products from China, Thailand & Japan. I felt a little overwhelmed because there were a lot of varieties to choose from but enjoyed the search. Fresh veggies, fruits & fish are available when you first arrive. This part of the store is kinda hectic because everyone is rushing, pushing & grabbing things. For me, the best part of the store was the sections full of snacks, teas & noodles. I picked up a few treats that I enjoyed while I travelled to Japan & Thailand. They have reasonable prices so if your on a budget & want to create Asian dishes at home, this is the place to go.
<review# 1761,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2014,10/31/2014,262,262,27,24,26>Dear Irving,I'm writing to thank you for the amazing time I had at your casa. I really loved what you've done with the place! Were those crystal curtains covering the posh booths? Someone must of gotten a raise. Oh and don't even get me started with the whole flip the switch at the table and someone comes and takes your order. You really do know how to make your guest feel special. What was that delicious drink you made me? You know... the one with rye, ancho chile liqueur topped off with cinnamon on lemon with a few dashes of angostura bitters? Whiskey Business? Clever name, Irv. I like. There's a real balance between flavors in that drinks that could soothe even the 9-5 beast. But what really surprised me was the strawberry daiquiri on Ice you made for my lady. Especially when you used Smith & Cross Jamaica rum. I hate to admit it, but  I really like this drink. As I'm writing this, I'm already getting Irving withdrawals (is that even a thing? lol). Can't wait to come back and see what else I can try. Super sexy, chic and enamored with style - this is definitely the hot spot. Bravo, Irv, Bravo                                                                            With Love,                                                                                                                                                                                 LeoP.S - Your place is perfect for pre/post drink date night thou we should check with you first ( reservation ) before we swing by again.
<review# 1762,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2014,10/30/2014,103,100,18,11,10>So I figured out what that pain was on the side of my torso. Apparently that's the sensation you get when you whore out your pancreas to macarons. So, this is what love feels like... and diabetes. No worries, I read somewhere on WedMD you can live without that organ.Pancreas: I'M BEGGING YOU, PLEASE STOP!Shut up Pancreas & bring me more insulin! Muahahahahahahah     Anywho, much like that anorexic girl from my Chemistry class has won my affection, this place also holds my heart. Fun Fact: She loves macarons... because everyone loves macarons (duh). There's a number of reasons to visit this place:1) Because I said so!2) The only place you'll find Earl Grey macarons in town... the world?3) They have a Cheetos flavored macaron... cheetos. It's one of those combinations you never expect to go together until you try it, like nutella on pizza or nutella & sex, they're all delicious combinations. Fun Fact: The most popular edible lingerie flavor is Cherry. Chocolate being the least.4) They hold macaron making classes. Pretty fun.5) They make custom-made macarons. To name a few: Hello Kitty, Ghostbusters, & their cat (I believe his name was Mr. Socks or Captain Socks). Sometimes it's too cute, you almost feel guilty eating it... almost.     OH! Also, they were listed as one of the top 5 Macaron spots in NY, they were also acclaimed for their Blondies. I haven't tried one myself because I'm always too distracted by the macarons.
<review# 1763,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2014,10/29/2014,86,168,9,16,11>Being of originally Ukranian Descent, I thought it would be fun to check out this place only 5 blocks from me. From the Ukranian Flag hanging outside to the waiters & waitresses dressed in traditional garb, it was a great and fun-filled eating experience.The television has some Ukranian old school movies playing and the entire place has different Ukranian decour around it. Unlike the also locale Onegin (Russian "Fusion"), this place totally took the ethnic theme and rolled with it.I came in with a groupon, which was a really good deal and came with 2 cold appetizers, 2 warm appetizers, 2 entrees, and 2 drinks. The waiter came by and gave some A + recommendations.We started with Roasted pork with garlic. It was quite tasty, be careful with the horseradish sauce though ;0. Also had the Olivier salad which consisted of Boiled Chicken Filet, Potatoes, carrots, and eggs and tasted similar to a potatoey coleslaw, also hit the spot!Round 2 was the Potato draniki, which was essentially 4 potatoe Latkas with sour cream, it was hannukah for my taste buds! t was cooked just right. The third round was Lean borsch (picked over the one with veal). I must say, for a usual non-fan of Borsch this hit the spot. It was just the right mix of beetroot, onion, carrot, and sweet peppers with potatoes. Oh and more sour cream ;0.The final course was Pork shish kebab & Chicken A la Kiev. The Shish Kebab was tasty, but a little salty for my tastes. The chicken A la Kiev I was a bigger fan of, as it was crispy and rolled around butter and herbs. The side salad was a nice touch too.I almost forgot, the drinks. How can you go to a Ukranian Place without Vodka! The deal came with an infused vodka shot, and I chose the lindenberry one, it seemed to be almost more than 1 shot and was on the strong side, but tasted great and I'm not one to complain about too much alcohol.Overall, the service was good and this is the type of place where you don't want them to rush the food out, but bring it out gradually course by course. On exiting the girl in the front stopped us and offered us 2 free shots, with a cucumber. A great final touch for a fun evening in Kiev.... oops I mean SoHo. ;0.
<review# 1764,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2014,10/28/2014,153,56,44,22,11>Times like these I wish I were Jewish.Jews and the Chinese are actually very similar people - we're both cultures shaped by diasporas and a proclivity for safe career paths. So we knew we'd have a good time.Here's what we ordered:Some rounds of the vodka in a cube of ice: forget the #, there might be video evidence. There was Jewish dancing and shouts of North Korean Jews. Somebody may have become a man in a bar mitzvah. Who are those pesky North Korean Jews? Is that us?Chopped Liver: They literally give you  a bowl of chopped liver with red onions and chicken fat. If you're one of those girlie-men that balks at the idea of eating internal organs then my reviews are not meant for you. Go away. I don't want to be associated with you. Also grab some bread to spread it on, you're going to want to carb up for the ensuing night.Pickles: Too salty, needs more tart. Was vinegar outlawed along with the practice of Judaism back in biblical days?Perogies: Best perogies I've ever had. You'd think that as someone not of Eastern European descent, but I've had my fair share of meat and dough over the years. Gossip Girl says that Veselkas has the best perogies but Dan Humphrey lies. They're at Sammy's!Stuffed Cabbage: By the time the stuffed cabbage came around the frozen vodka was doing it's thing so I had a momentary lull in focus. Just remembered it being really tart, guess that's where all the flavor from the pickles went...Latkas with apple sauce: YOU CAN DO THAT?!?!! YOU CAN PAIR FRIED POTATOES WITH APPLE SAUCE?!?! WHY HAS NO ONE EVER TOLD ME YOU CAN DO THIS?! Amazing. I'm going to request apple sauce with anything potato derived from now on. Sammy's is my Aladdin and I'm Jasmine, showing me a whole new world and shit.Mashed Potatoes: Probably just as good as everything else at this fine establishment of the chosen people but I was too full to relish in its fluffy glory. WHERE'S THE APPLE SAUCE?Skirt Steak: What Sammy's is known for. Fourth best steak in New York? Behind Del Frisco, Lugers, and Chipotle. Dani Luv, their in-house musician/crooner/renaissance man is also Ron Jeremy with the voice of Frank Sinatra. Dude knows how to throw a party for the genteels.
<review# 1765,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2014,10/27/2014,309,472,12,27,21>Get here early for larger parties as there is a wait even on weeknights. If you're waiting for guests to arrive, get a couple bottles of soju and have a bowl of watermelon soju ready. Take note to the following orders.Budae jjigae comes out in a bowl with a little flame lit below. It's like a tiny hotpot at your table. There is sliced rice cake, spam, hotdog, plus ramen found in this western style Korean stew. It's a comforting option when paired with many, many drinks. A small bowl of white rice doesn't hurt to add if you want to sop up the delicious sauce with more carbs.Pajun is made of potatoes rather than flour. It tastes much lighter and fresh compared to typical ones you find in other restaurants. Get an order of the Pork Belly stuffed sliced squid. It's like a porterhouse steak stuffed with uni, if you were to reverse the pairing. Meat and seafood lovers' dreams. I never had squid stuffed with anything and this is a whole new level of dining.We were a party of 6 and the bill came out to $22 each including gratuity for all of the above.
<review# 1766,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2014,10/26/2014,80,52,7,15,8>Recommends: (Probably Everything) Budae Jeongol (Spicy Sausage Casserole), Pajeon (Pancake)Ordered: Budaechigae, Pajeon, Bo SsamSpent: $18 per person for a table for 4! Literally the second floor to Third Floor. If you know what I'm sayin', you are a regular ktown fiend my friend. The layout and vibe is even similar to that of Third Floor (why yes, I did get confused the first time I went). After 11 PM, you get the packed drunken crowd, but the reason why this is a gem is that sweet spot during dinner when things are quiet, the waiters are attentive, and the kitchen has time to do what they do best.First up, the side dishes. There's only one big side dish but don't be fooled! It's a great light mixture of acorn jelly, daikon, and chives. And let me tell you, the pickled veggies here are THE BEST. If you're a fan of the pickled, sour, been-in-the-ground-for-centuries taste, you will hate it. But if you like the fresh, slightly flavored and spicy, pickled goods with that crunch, this place will be your best friend. Ask for the picked green peppers too. You'll become addicted.They make sure the food is hot and all dishes came out on heat stands. The pajeon wasn't overly oily, was crispy, and yes - kimchi was fresh, lightly grilled to perfection. Now top that with the pickled green peppers+sauce and you've got yourself a winner! And you don't have to worry about the food getting cold!Apparently the owner of this place also owns Pocha (?) so of course we got the budae chigae (what else would you get?!) And true to its promise comes a big pot with noodles and just fresh everything! I think this is why I love this place: it tastes so fresh - the seafood, the veggies, heck even the ramen noodles! The portion is smaller than pocha and there's no ludicrous amounts of cheese, but - wait for it- they make fried rice out of the leftovers of the soup. MINDBLOWN - WAIT WHAT?! You think you're full, then comes this fried rice from the amazing soup that you just had, and if you love the crispy crunchy rice at the bottom of the rice cooker, that's what you're going to get. Apparently they load it up with cheese, so if you don't think you'll like that - ask for the fried rice without it.You get a side of rice free before 8 PM...but it's not just "rice". It's a huge heaping pile of jasmine with an egg and seaweed flakes on top. MIND. BLOWN.The bo ssam was so so. Though tender and well cooked, it lacked flavor and was a bit bland. But definitely satisfying without the hefty price of Momofuku.You might want to come here for the soju. But come. on. Soju OR awesomepickleddaikon-budaechigae-budaefriedrice-­pajeon-ricewitheggandseaweed-bossam-allfor$18
<review# 1767,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2014,10/25/2014,240,971,5,11,8>Amali came up in a search for a brunch spot in Manhattan this past weekend.  Its name comes from the term used for lands once shared by the places we know today as Greece, Italy and Turkey.  This restaurant emphasizes sustainable ingredients with a Mediterranean style of food, both very appealing in today's culinary world.Right from the outside seating area, Amali gives a very comforting feel.  Inside, the atmosphere is very much like another world.  A combination of a long bar, some paintings on the wall and an an area in the back with natural sunlight flooding in from above makes this a comfortable and lovely place to eat.  My girlfriend and I chose to sit in the back area, wanting to enjoy the lighting.Service was very prompt.  I had just come from a workout so I was drinking water like a camel and the server who kept refilling my water was very gracious about it.  Our waiter was a very nice, funny and soft spoken gent who was efficient to boot.  Oddly, he did not recognize what a "Yelp Check-In Offer" was (for the record, there is a 10% off lunch or brunch Yelp check-in offer) so this particular meal didn't get the 10% off.  I just saved it for later and figured next time I'll mention it before I'm seated.  Really, it wasn't a huge deal to me.So here's what we enjoyed during our visit:BUTTERMILK BISCUITSServed with jam and honey butter.  These are not the gigantic, fluffy biscuits you may think of when you think of places like KFC.  Instead, these were relatively thin and almost cookie like, but they were absolutely buttery and delicious.  They had a crisp crunch on the outside but a nice soft interior.  With the honey butter and jam they were utterly delightful.SPANISH OCTOPUSWith castelveltrano olives, yukon potatoes, wild oregano.  This dish was amazing.  The octopus was cooked perfectly.  The oregano and olive oil drizzled over it gave it a wonderful flavor.  I'd order this again in a heartbeat.SHRIMP & GRITSFeaturing three tiger prawns served on top of polenta.  The shrimp were beautifully cooked and still in the shell.  If you enjoy crunching down and drinking the juices of shrimp, you'll love this.  The shrimp meat was nicely cooked, not overdone at all and the juices from the shrimp added to the flavor of the polenta.  The polenta was very creamy and tasted great.  POACHED EGGSServed with  sautéed escarole, pecorino on top and grilled ciabatta.  This was probably my least favorite dish, but not because anything was wrong with it.  I'm just not a huge escarole fan.  However, my girlfriend is and she enjoyed it a lot.  The eggs were poached perfectly and the runny yolk was perfect on the ciabatta.  I thoroughly enjoyed my experience and Amali, and even with the hiccup regarding the Yelp Check-In offer I'm giving it high marks for a wonderful atmosphere, great staff and wonderful food.
<review# 1768,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2014,10/24/2014,199,161,6,10,8>Beautiful decor and atmosphere. I love these wonderful books surrounding me with a delicious cocktail. Waitress was knowledgeable and recommended me the English Heat; spicy and full of citrus. I don't know how it is on Fridays/Saturdays but I came on Sunday evening and we were able to get a table. Towards the end of our drinks, almost every table was full. My favorite part? How they let you read the books! It's so great to see people reading/checking out the unique books and enjoying a cocktail. You rarely see people these days with actual books- you know? My favorite is the New York section. Awesome reads.I will definitely be back here. My perfect library I never had.
<review# 1769,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2014,10/23/2014,242,92,18,22,21>There's nothing like spending your Friday night being harassed by a complete stranger. No, I'm not talking about the penetrating stare and inappropriate growl you received from that passing cyclist on the street... you're actually paying for this one.My favorite thing about live shows, is that performers have the ability to break the fourth wall. Comedians smoothly conjure up jokes about select audience members under pressure. (Let the Asian jokes commence!) The Stand has plenty of comedians lined up each show. It just isn't stand up comedy without inappropriate, sexist, and stereotypical monologues. The Stand's comedians are always sharp and creative: Wyatt Cenak, Pete Davidson, Rachel Feinstein, and Sherrod Small are some of my favorites. Most comedy clubs in NYC reel patrons in with a very affordable ticket but conveniently forget to mention a two drink minimum requirement... per person. Alcoholic, at that! The Stand is honest, you get what you pay for. It's $20 admission at the door per person and $15 online. They usually have amazing vouchers available for purchase on Groupon, LivingSocial, or Gilt City. The space at The Stand is perfectly intimate but comfortable. Service from check in to check out is extremely organized. Friday night shows are packed but I have never felt flustered. They have a very diverse and creative cocktail menu designed by mixologists from Minetta Tavern. Their cocktails are mixed with an eclectic of ingredients and tastefully garnished. They have an ample amount of servers on the floor so you can expect to receive consistent customer service all night. Their menu is a mixture of small plates of comfort and bar food. You can count on The Stand for steady streams of laughter. Well, unless the joke is made at your expense.Some Pro Tips: Let loose and laugh at everything. Arrive 20 minutes before your show to get seated. They have one show after another so find another place to linger after the comedy show. Free dessert with every first Yelp check in!
<review# 1770,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2014,10/22/2014,83,172,8,9,7>"Do you like to.. do it yourself?" Okay pardon my 40-year old virgin reference. But when it comes to serving myself frozen yogurt, I do like to do it myself. This chain recently opened up on Bleecker, a 3-minute walk from my apartment. Very friendly staff inside, greeted immediately upon walking in. I sampled a flavor or two, then tried my luck with the cookies and cream + chocolate flavors. I added blueberries, strawberries and kiwis like the wannabe health nut that I am. The end result was tasty, although I wouldn't say much better than most of the other fro-yo chain's i've tried in NYC. Still, great customer service, many flavors and the location will keep me coming back!
<review# 1771,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2006,5/1/2006,0,180,,4,4>I love this place!  An accurate reminder of being in Italy.  You can sit all day having only ordered a cappucino and no one will pressure you for the table.  Perfect place in the summer to sit outside and people watch.  The food is fresh and the atmosphere is subtle.
<review# 1772,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2006,4/30/2006,18,28,1,3,8>There was a time when the East Village and Lower East Side in general was an ethnically diverse but socially unified area of New York.If you lived in Alphabet city, you also worked hard in a variety of menial jobs came back to the hood tired but then sat on the stoops with your friends and family, hanging out on the street shooting the sh*t, watching the kids run around and of course eating the variety of cheap ethnic foods offered in the five block area.These times are long gone and in the nineties the hood' lost most of its ethnic characters, and a lot of its "community" aspects where replaced by lonely but still hard working individuals who spent most of their time working to pay off their incredible rents; but slowly, new islands of "community" have appeared replacing the old ones with new energy and excitement and one of them is "Ciao for Now!""The Ciao" offers great treats, from the skilled hands Of Amy and her crew, who toil hard to sustain the little community of artists, singles, moms/dads and kids, who relish the little cafe on 12th streets homey atmosphere and delicious eats.This community is definitely centered around the good pastries, the excellent coffee and teas, the salty treats, all made without the pretensions of a Balthazar, but with the care and loving of a neighborhood matriarch's hands.This is a place where everybody knows your name, but also a place where you are welcomed even if like me you are from BROOKLYN.If you get a chance to stop by "The Ciao" don't hesitate.You will find some of the friendliest folks, and some of the best foods in the area, in an environment which is Adult & Kid Centric.And While you are there tell them that Sebas sent you.Ah ah.  Maybe I will get another sugar cookie out of it.Ciao!
<review# 1773,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2005,4/28/2006,100,512,,5,4>All thanks to Nish, I really loved this place. The bartenders are friendly and the crowd still neighborhoody in the midst of the too much trendiness that can be the Lower Eastside.
<review# 1774,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2005,4/27/2006,1632,440,3,4,1>THE FOOD:Had the tuna medium-rare and it was pretty damned goodTHE SERVICE:Waiter seemed to have attitudeTHE SCENE:Gay and hip
<review# 1775,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2006,4/26/2006,65,167,5,5,7>If your an absolute reggae freak and a pure vinyl junkie and kind of a snob about both of the aforementioned departments of life, this is your spot.  I'm an above average reggae fan and record collector, but the purity of this high grade specialty reggae record store was intense enough to almost kill me.  I was hurrying from a Chinatown bakery back to the recording studio where I was working when it caught my eye and I HAD to go in, but immediately I knew it was dangerous.  If I hadn't handed over 3 C notes to my dentist that morning I could have been seduced into parting with one of them here and walking out the door with a handful of obscure reggae 7" or 12" singles and an album nobody's ever heard of which could have made me feel like a smarty pants selectress in some restaurant where nobody cared.  If you're a professional reggae DJ, you probably know about this place already.  And if you've ever loved record stores, just walking in will give you that magical feeling.  The website is just as overwhelming, but at least you're in the safety of your own home.  The dude Jeremy who I spoke to goes to Jamaica six times a year to buy.  I think that deserves to be supported.
<review# 1776,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/22/2006,4/25/2006,349,349,9,8,4>I have bought a couple of pairs of shoes here.  A well-stocked shoe store indeed.  And they are able to fish out sizes that are not on display from the warehouse "in 5-10 minutes".There is an excessive number of salespeople running around--exceeding the number of customers in the store at most times.  This is one annoying aspect of most shoe stores.  I would have given the store an extra star if Al Bundy were the one and only salesman here :)
<review# 1777,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2006,4/24/2006,477,628,2,,7>Want to get all dizzy and feel like you're going to throw up? Go to the top floor on the Guggenheim and sheepishly peer over the edge, it's definitely a vertigo inducing experience. It's cool, though. I highly recommend starting at the top and working your way down. A retrospective by David Smith was the highlight which was decent, but not really fantastic... Then again, I'm not all that into sculpture, but whatever. Kandinsky's permanent collection made the trip completely worthwhile. The architecture was an amazing feat to get dizzy over as well.
<review# 1778,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2005,4/23/2006,40,222,,3,1>It's a big tourist trap, so you'll be waiting for a table for a long time. However, the desserts are worth it - definitely try the frozen hot chocolate. And at $7.50, it's comparable in price to Starbucks. You may gawk at the prices of the desserts, but they are pretty big and perfect for sharing. However, there's a $6.50 dessert minimum per person.
<review# 1779,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2006,4/22/2006,1,22,1,2,1>So so yummy!  Delicious breakfasts, lunch and dinner-- eggs benedict, yummy omelets...veggie curry, veggie burgers...Truly a find!  Great pastries, teas and coffees.  Fabulous staff too.  Also fun selection of beers and offers carry out and delivery.  Only, down fall is that they are closed on Mondays!  Love it!
<review# 1780,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2006,4/21/2006,191,300,2,2,1>Fear not the crappy and dingy interiors! I swear by this place once a week for my bbq pork and veggie fix. Their roasted offerings are a bit better than the rest of their offerings, but I am literally psyched when they have their jeet gua melons as a side. My vegetarian friend actually likes this place too! Although I wish their bbq pork was more thinly sliced, it's always of good color and pretty good with their meat/fat proportions. Make sure you get there before 2 because their meat sells out! They serve pastries in the morning and they're fresh out of the oven again at 3pm. Gather all your pocket change and head to this place because that money can actually feed you here. This is a place for people don't fear eatin' what they don't know! But don't worry, it's good. Eat up and share a table!
<review# 1781,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2013,7/13/2014,56,134,2,7,4>Came here with the lady and the sister on a cold Friday night.  Getting in:- Walked in and took a seat at the corner of the barAtmosphere: - Has a French bistro like feel with Italian elements.  Great stone bar- Can get a little on the loud sideService:- Sat at the bar and got service from the barman, Phil, who did a great job- Excellent serviceDrinks:- Kept it to wine, bottle of Rosso for a reasonable $49/bottleFood:- Ordered two apps: the grilled octopus and the poached egg over spinach and mushrooms.  Both were very tasty and great orders- Ordered pasta: I liked the braised rabbit pasta dish, it was delicious and well done.  The lady and sister got the wild mushroom pasta dish which was tasty, but I think I got the better deal- Ordered sides: cauliflower and brussels sprouts.  They were out of the sprouts so we made do with the cauliflower.  It was good but could have been roasted a little longer.  Other:- Bathrooms are nice and colorful- Like the vibe of the place- Definitely a place that appreciates its regulars
<review# 1782,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2014,7/12/2014,103,100,27,10,7>Chicken SandwichI always knew I'd find my soulmate; it had never occurred to me till recent that it was a sandwich.I could write poetry that would make the Iliad sound like a children's book about this sandwich.Hannibal Lector would reconsider his palate have he had the chance to dine on this delicious sandwich.Alternate universes have religions devoted to this sandwich... Oh, how I envy them.When William Shakespeare wrote his first sonnet, he was thinking about this sandwich.Fun Fact: Romeo & Juliet was actually about this sandwichWhere's Waldo? Thinking about this sandwich.Beyonce wishes she could put a ring on this sandwich. But she can't, because she'd eat it before the chance to propose.The Holocaust wouldn't have existed, if Hitler ate this sandwich.Some people wish they could be reincarnated into this sandwich.Game of Thrones is a great show.That has nothing to do with this sandwich.The entire cast however, love this sandwich.World Peace: This SandwichMy Girlfriend (less than symbol) This SandwichLos Pollos Hermanos made more money from this sandwich than selling drugsLenore from The Raven was actually a sandwich he finishedAdele finished her sandwich & then wrote "Rolling In The Deep"I made out with a twin. That only happened because I ate this sandwich. *High Five*YOU are going to eat this sandwich.
<review# 1783,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2014,7/11/2014,1368,622,22,27,25>In a city where every establishment vies to be the best and everyone is jaded towards anything less than extraordinary, rarely do I find myself truly surprised anymore. My entire experience at Employees Only surpassed everything I expected and more.First off, the bouncer (excuse me, doorman) that evening was one of the friendliest guys working a door I've ever encountered. He needs to be cloned and have his clones distributed throughout Meatpacking District to replace all of the other bouncers and doormen.... for reals.Getting inside only took about 10 minutes on an obviously busy Saturday night and the whole time we were chatting it up with this man. Once inside, the palpable energy was uplifting and all consuming. Talk about an upper! As my eyes darted around the dimly lit interior, I fell in love immediately with the modern art deco feel which I took as a small homage to Prohibition times. True, this bar is not a legit speakeasy but you would probably walk on by if you didn't know any better. There is no sign saying "Employees Only," just its symbol in the shape of a key on the awning plus a neon lit sign in the window saying "Psychic." You can usually just spot it by the line outside on an otherwise quiet block.The bar area was unsurprisingly packed. I noticed a small dining room area in the back for those who wished to avoid the livelier scene up front. Hey I'm sure it's more intimate but screw that! Like a highly renowned sushi restaurant, the bar is the place to be. You should want to be up close to smell the action. Watching the bartenders work their magic (and their hard biceps) is the new female aphrodisiac. Move over, oysters!Now I'm not going to lie, trying to get a seat at the bar can be a little bit of a game and dance but the amazing principal bartender signaled to me when a couple was about to leave. I then hovered like a pretty vulture to get the highly coveted seats staring down anyone eying my spot. Don't play the musical chairs game with me because I will win. As Sheldon would say, this is MY spot.For drinks I started off with the Billionaire Cocktail, because let's face it, I'm a balla. This yummy concoction was made with Baker's Bourbon shaken with lemon Juice, EO grenadine & absinthe bitters. My next beverage, which was bartender's choice, had a dash of black pepper on it. Can't remember the name of it but I know bourbon was used. My companions also had a few drinks of their own and thoroughly enjoyed them as well. I might have had a third cocktail but nothing ingested that night was less than delicious. This statement does not only cover the beverages but also the food as well!With great drink comes great responsibility to eat lest you become a mess. I had to have the Bone Marrow Poppers which in a nutshell are flaky little pastries topped off with dollops of fatty bone marrow goodness. So delectable. We also ordered the Braised Octopus with roasted fennel, celery & green olives. Delicious, tender octopus with the perfect flavor. I feel like most places don't get octopus right but EO thoroughly nailed it with Thor's Hammer.Since I'm always craving raw meat, I knew I had to try the Hand-Cut Steak Tartar. Now ladies, we all know when we've had something good and we HAVE to have it again... The steak tartar was no exception. I got it. Twice. Let me see if I can describe this act of culinary foreplay. Bartender brings forth a bowl of diced filet mignon which is so red and juicy looking. Next, he starts pointing out to me various ingredients that will go into the bowl. I'm thinking oh great, I get to mix my own tartar! Nope, wrong. The man mixing my freaking awesome cocktails is also mixing my raw meat in front of me! I think I'm in love. Verdict? It is honestly one of the best tartars I have ever had. No joke.I cannot rave enough about the quality of the bartenders here. Not only does it seem like they are personally attending to you amongst a crowded bar but their obvious dedication and love of their craft is so wonderful to watch. By now it's obvious that I will be coming back for more libations, scintillating conversation (what is it about speakeasies that makes me want to talk about sensual subjects?) and mouthwatering dishes. I have found a new bar obsession and it's mine... Don't bother me.------------------------------------------------Side notes:1. Yes they do have a "psychic" there on weekends! For a great deal of $25, Madame whats-her-face will read your palm fortune. I will not discuss the enlightening predictions she bestowed upon me *insert sarcasm here* but let me warn you now that it took a week to scour those damn purple marks off my hand.2. I've heard through the grapevine that the reason it's named Employees Only is because back in the day, it would only admit people who actually worked in bars in NYC... So in essence this place used to open its doors to only other bartenders and bar owners. HENCE THE NAME, "Employees Only"
<review# 1784,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2013,7/10/2014,176,162,14,30,20>I've hesitated to write a review for A&J out of sheer timidity, but feel free to judge if you can't handle a woman who likes a good sex shop.A&J is a perfect example of what an adult store experience should be. It's so easy to feel uncomfortable in these kinds of stores, and maybe even a little embarrassed, but like the other reviewers I can honestly say that I've never felt more comfortable & generally welcomed in an adult store before. The mom & son duo who run it are very professional, friendly and caring. Mom, who runs the lingerie section, is knowledgeable about her products and will help you find the right size in anything. What I love most about this place aside from the experience are the prices. I really doubt that you can find better deals anywhere else in the city. I've had a few conversations with the son and he always tells me that Yelp has been a Godsend for their business, so I knew I had to add to the already stellar record in hopes of drawing even more customers. Even though I'm not often in the market for lingerie, I think that this is a great business that will be around for years to come.
<review# 1785,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2013,7/9/2014,83,130,4,9,3>Another place my boyfriend and I really like!  We've been here twice; last night was our second time. We'd had a long day at work, I was having a wisdom tooth pulled the next day, and we wanted to do something nice. I love how quaint this place is. It makes me think of a charming, old-timey, tasteful home. It's cramped but not unbearably so. I've yet to eat anything here that I was unimpressed with. Last night I had the duck breast (I wanted the Arctic char, which my boyfriend has had before that he really enjoyed, but they were out) and my bf had the pork chop. We also ordered a seasonal vegetable plate and two glasses of a biodynamic Sauvignon blanc. The vegetables were delightful - perfectly cooked brussel sprouts, sweet pickles, a cubed beet salad, paper thin radish slices, and a (sweet potato? pumpkin?) purée with baguette toast. Yum, I could have just eaten a few helpings of that!My duck breast was gorgeous. I almost never eat duck, so this was a treat. It was tender and juicy. I loved the celery purée and crispy leeks as sides!  My boyfriend's pork chop was massive and also delicious and beautiful. His cheddar grits eclipsed my celery purée - I'm from the south, and those were the best grits I've ever eaten. Ever. I have to mention the wine.  As I said before, it was biodynamic. In the glass, it looked like it had a tiny bit of fermentation, almost like a beer. It was delicious!  I want to buy a bottle of it. For dessert, we shared a chocolate pudding. It reminded me of a pot au creme but less heavy. Service was friendly and quick, although either a waiter was acting as the host or the host was our waiter because our waitress was AWOL for a bit. It didn't matter, everyone who works there is very nice!And don't forget to grab a cookie on your way out!
<review# 1786,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2013,7/8/2014,192,271,4,11,7>Amazing! I finally tried L'Apicio on Tuesday night & I'm so glad I did. The space is really pretty & bigger than I expected, with a little bit of outdoor seating as well. The atmosphere is perfect for pretty much anything... a date, a meal with friends or parents, business meal, etc.The food was fantastic. We split three salads - grilled endive, spring peas, & a salad from a seasonal menu with baby greens. All three were delicious but I was partial to the crunchiness & cheesiness of the spring pea salad. We also split the capellacci pasta, which was amazing - it was basically a carrot & ricotta ravioli tossed with some peas. We got the broccoli rabe as well, and it was probably the best broccoli rabe I've had!The service was really great, and so were the cocktails. I can't wait to come back!
<review# 1787,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2013,7/7/2014,120,245,3,10,7>I've gone here a few times and all have been good. I've ordered delivery, take-out, and dined in. Huge menu, like 15 plus pages.The ingredients are of good quality there and it's easy to notice the difference.Pad Thai- basic staple but good quality noodles and light on the sauce which is refreshing.Red curry- nice spice, very smooth and good.I've had tons of noodle dishes and none disappointed me. Noodles cooked perfectly, light sauces, not heavy Thai food.I think this outperforms most Thai places on 9th in Hells Kitchen.
<review# 1788,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2014,7/6/2014,36,223,6,9,7>Wonderful options for vegetarians, vegans, and healthy eaters! There are good lunch specials - I had the seitan medallians with brown rice, spinach, and teryaki sauce, and it was exactly what I expected, and a good portion for lunch. They also have fresh juices, "healthy" desserts, soups, and my favorite, Mexican platters. Brunch and dinner specials also exist but have specific times for ordering. Prices are good, with many under $10. Chicken and fish options are also available, with slightly higher costs. The place is small and cozy, and fills on brunch days, but is pretty open on weekday lunches. Very happy to have this in the work neighborhood!
<review# 1789,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2014,7/5/2014,153,348,8,12,8>I like Shorty's. Located just outside Times Square, Shorty's is my go-to when I'm (admittedly rarely) looking for a drink/sustenance in that area. Their once amazing happy hour special of a $9 draft beer/sandwich combo is now 33% more expensive, but still a decent deal at $12. Also, I think they charged me an extra dollar for the Stella I chose to accompany my cheesesteak, which I felt like was dishonest. There were no qualifiers about what type of beer you could get on the menu, and no warning from the bartender, just a $1 surcharge on the tab. Boo. But anyway, the sandwiches are tasty. I prefer the broccoli rabe roast pork with provolone and dipping juices, but the cheesesteak is also quite tasty and filling. They both come on good bread and are generously stuffed, juicy gut-bombs. They have really nice crispy fries too. They have that kind of rough outer surface that I really like in a fry--I think it works because it adds surface area and makes it extra crispy. We got the old bay seasoning, which was a nice touch. Aside from the beer up-charge, the only problem I've ever had here is that once Boyfriend and I came in intending to get something to eat, but there was nowhere to sit. We decided to regroup and come up with a plan B, but I also needed to use the bathroom, so I did that before we left. On the way back we were accosted by the waitress who told us we couldn't just use the bathroom and leave. We explained that we had only done so since there was no where to sit, but she continued to give us a hard time, claiming that they could squeeze us in somewhere or something. Totally unnecessary call-out; I used your toilet; get over it--we're leaving. But that awkwardness aside, the food is good, the beer is reasonably priced and it's overall a step above your average sports bar. Added bonus: fun 90s rock music was playing on my last visit. Worth keeping in your back pocket if you're looking for someplace to chill in the Times Square/lower Hells Kitchen neighborhood.
<review# 1790,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2013,7/4/2014,260,316,5,6,4>I've tried acupuncture all over the city and while I've experienced some positive effects I have never felt transformed afterwards. In my experience it usually involves speaking to a practitioner for five minutes, being poked with needles and left alone for fifteen minutes then being sent on my way. All that changed after I started seeing Finbar. I'm an athlete and a dancer so I run into bodily injuries here and there. This past spring my back was in bad shape and went into spasm. I could barely walk without pain and definitely couldn't arch at all. I had a competition approaching and needed to recover in time for it. He worked on me by using massage techniques, acupuncture and recommendations for herbs and other natural remedies. I started improving within days and slowly regained enough range of motion to compete and take 2nd place!I've seen him for many other ailments as well. He is unique in that he listens, genuinely cares for your well being and offers affordable rates for detail-oriented service. I'm not saying that people should replace traditional medicine with only natural therapies to heal. I believe in a combination of Western and Eastern medicine. But if something can help without causing negative side effects, why not try it? I highly recommend you try Finbar.
<review# 1791,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2007,11/24/2007,110,187,20,15,12>do you ever find yourself needing at least seven different kinds of coconut milk?  no?  me either.  but if we ever do (and you never know when that day may come) you and i can rest assured that kalustyan's is near.
<review# 1792,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2007,11/23/2007,356,629,15,6,11>I am not sure how new you all are to Red Hook, but this was an every Saturday tradition before the restaurants were forced into the park.Since before I was born, my parents their friends practically lived here and often played soccer for teams here. Here I learned to hone my skills, eat street meat, play in dirt, piss on trees, and maybe other proficiences that lasted with me 'til this day (I've since given up on the pissing on trees thing).As for the food, there were really only one or two trucks back then (currently, the Colombian table is run by the owners of said truck). Here is where my cheap dad would load us up on food, then buy us one soda to share for all our hard work (we didn't know the difference back then and he now says we should have thanked him because none of us are fat LOL).About two months ago, I came by Red Hook to see what all the new buzz was about. I was totally impressed. Sure, it looks like shit (as usual), sure it's probably not the cleanest place on Earth, sure they allowed you other mongrels from other countries to represent the rest of South America, but for sure the food is still as good as it ever was.I was also surprised to find out that the city spent some money making the parks there look a little better. The city pool is no longer a good place to get stabbed either (I've gotten close to getting my ass kicked in there many times by project kids).So, I'll leave you guys with this:1 - Us colombians really do make better food;2 - Using a dirty paper plate to write signs on tables really works;3 - Soccer needs to be bigger in the United States;4 - Peeing on trees sucks for all parties concerned;5 - The grey factory that is viewable from the BQE is not haunted, though we all believed that it was when we grew up;and finally, to those residents and corporations who wish to take away my old memories and the new memories of those fresh to Red Hook... they will surely find my size 12 shoe (along with the shoes of those in my network) up their fucking hating, greedy asses.If anyone knows where we can petition against this (provided that the rumours are true), then please let me know.Now serving: Corporate shit stains on the tip of my feet. Enjoy!
<review# 1793,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2007,11/22/2007,485,350,17,11,12>This review is entitled "d.b.a. equals"  (with the most obvious ones first)By Michael F.d.b.a.=doing business as (well, DUH)d.b.a=database administrator(s) (the geek in me is ashamed to repeat this one, but it's there)d.b.a.=drink beer alwaysd.b.a.=drinking beer again?d.b.a.=drunken biznatches appropriated.b.a.=don't bullshit anyoned.b.a.=do bullshit Alabamansd.b.a.=don't be (an) assholed.b.a.=dog-breath activatord.b.a.=de-rigueur breath assured.b.a.=disparate beer assortmentd.b.a.=douche bags are (us) -- (the "us" is implied)d.b.a.=desperate bat-faced altercations (no fuckin' idea what that's about)d.b.a.=delectable brew allocationsd.b.a.=deleterious brain atrophyd.b.a.=definitely bring aspirin (for the hangover)d.b.a.=difficulty being articulate (after a bunch of beer)Enormous selection.  Free internet. Back garden.Doesn't smell like a beer hall.A tad on the chilly side (today, anyway).All in all, a great place for a brewsky.
<review# 1794,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2007,11/21/2007,241,290,29,13,18>Am I hard to please?YES.Am I easy to please?YES.Does that make me?a) fussyb) difficultc) pickyd) shut up and buy me a BAKED brownie. no nuts. thank you :D
<review# 1795,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2007,11/20/2007,135,93,30,15,18>Ok, I'll admit this right now: I don't know shit about ramen. I eat at ramen places all over the city and it all tastes pretty good to me. Plus, I still think the instant ramen noodles taste pretty good, especially the Korean ones that come in the red packaging that are SUPER spicy. Hell, I'd even eat Top Ramen if buying them at Rite-Aid didn't also involve dealing with the looks of pity from the other customers and the cashiers from watching a non-college student buy that shit in bulk.So why the hell are you still reading this review?I like this place. That's equivalent to a fat kid saying he likes cake.
<review# 1796,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2007,11/18/2007,579,280,19,14,14>The real reason I give this place 4 stars is because of the invisible Karaoke singer.So, me and my friends are eating, and then the karaoke screen comes up with the usual graphics of some Eastern European woman in the 1980's dancing in a bowling alley while "Close to You" from Karen Carpenter plays. The words come up on the screen, and you can hear a Filipino voice singing, "Why do birds esuddenly appear eberytime you are near, just like me, dey long to bee KA--lows-tu-yoooo..."Cool, right? but we're looking around, there's no singer, but it sounds live. Obviously they have some sophisticated connection thing going on where the karaoke is also viewable in the kitchen so they sing back there and don't need to deal with the crowd outside.It was HILARIOUS. If you haven't heard Asian people singing karaoke, you haven't lived.My friend in college actually made me make her a copy of my Dad singing "My Way" because she thought it was so hysterical.The Filipino food here is ok. It's not my family's cooking, but if you want to eat Filipino food, here it is. I like the fresh lumpia. It's homestyle cooking so don't expect fancy decor. For real Filipino food, you must trek out to Jackson Heights, but let's be realistic here.
<review# 1797,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2007,11/17/2007,349,349,63,29,67>A tall building that has symbolized New York to me since I was three.                    |                    |         /''                                           "|_ O /    Can you hear                    |  |   |          me now?                    |  \ \ \                            ||| / //                  |||||                  |||||||                ||||||||||                ||||||||||                ||||||||||                ||||||||||                ||||||||||                ||||||||||                ||||||||||                ||||||||||                ||||||||||                ||||||||||                ||||||||||                ||||||||||             ||||||||||||||||        |||||||||||||||||||||||||||        |||||||||||||||||||||||||||        |||||||||||||||||||||||||||        |||||||||||||||||||||||||||        |||||||||||||||||||||||||||        |||||||||||||||||||||||||||        |||||||||||||||||||||||||||        |||||||||||||||||||||||||||        |||||||||||||||||||||||||||        |||||||||||||||||||||||||||        |||||||||||||||||||||||||||        |||||||||||||||||||||||||||        |||||||||||||||||||||||||||        |||||||||||||||||||||||||||        |||||||||||||||||||||||||||        |||||||||||||||||||||||||||        |||||||||||||||||||||||||||        |||||||||||||||||||||||||||        |||||||||||||||||||||||||||        |||||||||||||||||||||||||||        |||||||||||||||||||||||||||        |||||||||||||||||||||||||||        |||||||||||||||||||||||||||        |||||||||||||||||||||||||||        |||||||||||||||||||||||||||        |||||||||||||||||||||||||||        |||||||||||||||||||||||||||        |||||||||||||||||||||||||||        |||||||||||||||||||||||||||        |||||||||||||||||||||||||||        |||||||||||||||||||||||||||        |||||||||||||||||||||||||||        |||||||||||||||||||||||||||        |||||||||||||||||||||||||||        |||||||||||||||||||||||||||        |||||||||||||||||||||||||||        |||||||||||||||||||||||||||     ||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||     ||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||     ||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||     ||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||     ||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||     ||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||     ||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||     ||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||     ||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||     ||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||     ||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||     ||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||       |||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||      "\         "/  Can you hear|||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||         \  O  /        me now?|||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||           | _||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||           | | ||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||_____­LL_________
<review# 1798,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/22/2007,11/16/2007,786,1284,16,18,15>you're okay. i like you.i don't love you, but like i mentioned... i like you.you don't have everything i want- but you sure have colorful post-its and pentel pens. i can walk right across the street to you from my home base.your copy/digital printing kiosk sucks donkey-b*lls; you never have staples in the stapler... but isn't that a quandary in itself? staples's staplers with no staples? (say that 10x's!) the copies are never done on time- i always have to wait an extra hour for important documents. grrrr. the customer service is horrible. i can point out where the notebook/folder section is better than the associates there. boo.
<review# 1799,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/25/2007,11/15/2007,65,113,15,16,16>Been here a couple times now and the place continually makes me laugh.Me:  "Why are we going to Crocodile Lounge?"Her:  "To play skeeball!"Me:  "There's skeeball?"Her:  "Yeah!  It's so much fun!'Then, at the bar.Me:  "What are you pointing at?"Them:  "We just shot some animals with that game."Me:  "You mean the buck big bounty hunter 3 game?"Them:  "Yeah, there were feathers flying everywhere."Beer is beer.  Beer with skeeball is amusing.  Beer with a video game that involves two plastic rifles in red and green can be freaking hilarious.
<review# 1800,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2007,11/14/2007,1651,2742,11,30,21>For most people, karaoke is a simple endeavor where someone belts out a tune on a microphone while following along to the lyrics on screen.  Japas has managed to turn this gimmick into a sophisticated, simplified one and combining the best in music variety, social conviviality, and affordability all rolled into one venue.  It is easily one of the best karaoke venues in the city and deserves all of the high praise it can get.This particular Japas is the best of the 3 locations as I understand it.  They have monster sized private rooms and a nice outside bar for folks who prefer to sing outside rather than amongst themselves.  Each of the private rooms are spacious, utilize a functional layout so people can pass in and out freely, and tables are broken up so that people aren't having to revert back to one area like a coffee table.  The sound system is fabulous with a powerful punch of bass while maintaining a crisp level of clarity.  In the larger rooms, there are two screens, one in the front and back to allow folks to look wherever they need to without someone blocking the way.  In addition, all the mics are wireless, which is a major plus.  The music selection is about as diverse as I've seen with songs from around the world (Japanese, Chinese, English, Spanish, Tagalog, Korean, Vietnamese). For $30 a person, one can enjoy 2 hours of unlimited karaoke with a ton of bar food (chicken wings, sausage, french fries, egg rolls, chicken fingers) and sushi (california rolls, eel/advocado, salmon, tuna, spicy tuna, shrimp, etc) and UNLIMITED ALCOHOL (Sake, Sapporo, Asahi, Coors, Michelob, Rolling Rock, Budweiser, Corona, Heineken, Bass, House Wine, etc.).  This deal is just too fantastic to pass up, especially when the food is actually good.My first time here was marred slightly by the fact I had several members of a party not show up, leaving the remaining folks to have to settle their portion of the bill.  Service was gracious enough to neglect their portion and credit me another hour (by starting me later).  They endured all of the indecisiveness of our group and really made the difference in our overall experience.  They were fantastic and without a doubt I will be back again more times than I can count.
<review# 1801,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2013,5/4/2014,245,103,21,13,15>My name is Jennifer and I just spent $9 for a green veggie juice.I was craving a fresh and healthy green juice. I have walked by this place a few times (I work down the street) and today, I decided to try it. This place has a modern/fun decor, really nice employees, and was fairly crowded for a 3pm juice run- All key components I look for in my juicing experience.The menu is pretty standard (bubble teas, juices, healthy themed snacks, etc). In case you were interested, I went with the Whole Green Juice (cucumber, kale, spinach, apple, romaine, lemon, parsley and celery). It was good, and cold, which is important to me. Some other juice places serve the juice at room temperature. Cold juice really enhances the drinking experience.And, and, the container the juice was served in was very cool. It is sealed with a plastic cover that you can poke a straw through. The cover also includes the warning, "avoid choking while drinking". That is something I can get behind.
<review# 1802,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2014,5/3/2014,206,132,14,25,17>The French word, éclair, means "flash of lightning" and the dessert is called this because it's eaten "in a flash". Now, it could just mean that these desserts are eaten in a flash because of the ease with which they can be eaten, but I'll just say the éclairs here were devoured very, very quickly probably more for their positive effects on the taste buds than anything else! The bakery is surprisingly large with a lot of walking space as there are only four tables for pairs on one side, and bar seating for six on the other side. I think it'd be a great place to grab a tea and croissant* for a quick pick-me-up in the mornings. The bakery is very quiet in the evenings, but that doesn't mean that there isn't an abundance of still-fresh baked goods left.The éclairs ($4.10 (why the extra ten cents?)) are pricey, but good. Strawberry: The éclair shell is delicate, not soggy, and crisp with a light dusting of powdered sugar. Slices of strawberry are plentiful, but the custard cream sandwiched between the two shells is not; it's a very fresh, light dessert that may not be sweet enough for most.Praline: Our favorite! Bits of crushed hazelnuts and a praline icing dot the top, and a really smooth praline cream fills the inside. The praline cream is very delightful and is ten times better than a Ferrero Rocher. Caramel: The caramel cream filling isn't too sweet, but the crispy sheet of hardened caramel on top is very sweet. This one isn't my favorite, but the texture is nice.Milk chocolate: This one is definitely the cutest - it has a chocolate cream filling, a thin layer of chocolate icing, and mini chocolate puffs scattered on top. The chocolate filling, though, could be a bit creamier.Likelihood of another visit:Very likely! *Everyone else has been raving about their croissants, so I'm curious! They're also much more easy on the wallet at $2.25 a pop.
<review# 1803,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2014,5/2/2014,2727,369,14,31,27>Even with the abundant number of ice cream shops in the East Village, Sundaes and Cones have been one of my favorite spots for 3 reasons. 1) Even during the unruly summer months in Manhattan, you can depend on being able to find seating at Sundaes & Cones. You will never feel cramped or overwhelmed in the big space.2) They've had the coolest Asian-inspired flavors for the longest time. Don't get me mistaken, the other parlors also carry similar flavors, but they only carry it because the cool kids in the block started demanding it! The other ice cream shops jumped on the bandwagon years after Sundaes & Cones ambitiously ventured into the new market.3) They custom-make ice cream cakes! For a friend's birthday, her boyfriend wanted to make sure she got a one-of-a-kind cake and went into Sundaes & Cones with half an idea. He and the pastry chef sat down, shared a few ideas, scribbled a few things on a piece of paper and within a moment's time, they had an illustration of what the cake would look like. And let me tell you, the birthday cake tasted and looked awesome!
<review# 1804,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2014,5/1/2014,639,206,27,39,33>I used to live a block away from Imperial Garden, and would dine in or pick up from here every now and again.  I still stop by from time to time when I am in Murray Hill.  Here are some of my favorites:Chicken wings appetizer: their chicken wings have a very flavorful seasoning, which makes them different from the fried chicken wings at other local Chinese restaurants. Shrimp toast: pretty standard; good but not outstanding.Egg drop soup: again, pretty standard, but tastes fresh and natural.Baby shrimp fried rice: I think the baby shrimp taste much better than large jumbo shrimp, even though the latter look nicer.  This is the dish that I get most frequently, and it never disappoints.  I add a dash of hot chili oil for an added kick. Singapore Chow Mei Fun: tasty noodle dish with a great yellow curry powder.
<review# 1805,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2014,4/30/2014,1379,2327,44,58,40>If there is one thing to be said about hidden gems is that you really hope no one discovers them and ruins your new secret hangout close to where you live. Being that this place is literally around the block from our apartment and down a side street along a spot on the Upper East Side/Yorkville part of town it seemed like a place that only a few locals would know about. It's in a barren stretch of an area that really needs an influx of new specialty bars and eateries such as this, and is a welcome addition to the neighborhood. Alas, now that we have been here a few times and are fast becoming regulars we see that everyone else around here has also found out about Drunken Munkey. It's now at that point where you need a reservation to get in! The crowds have slowly discovered this wonderful new Indian craft cocktail bar and restaurant, and the adulation is much deserved!The Drunken Munkey - I really do love the name of this place - is being billed as New York City's first dedicated "craft cocktail" bar on the Upper East Side. They serve a selection of classic cocktails, wines, spirits and cordials along with offering comforting dishes of Indian style cooking. The decor reminds one of a throwback to the times of Colonial India with a generous touch of the legendary flavors and style of famous cafes and supper clubs you used to find in "Old Bombay". It's a cozy but whimsical spot with an affable owner, terrific staff, skilled mixologists, and downright delicious food. How can you go wrong with that? Well, you can't and Drunken Munkey is helping to usher in a new generation of affordable upscale eateries and cocktail emporiums to this barren stretch of the UES. We need more "flavor" up here and it is a delight to see it has arrived.It's the kind of spot that once you get there you settle in and never want to leave. Warm and inviting to help battle the cold of this long winter it fits like a comfortable set of gloves that you don't want to take off. It's a place that I can see as a date spot, or for friends and family to meet up at for a dinner over spitited conversation, or for those just looking to have a few cocktails and a bite at the bar in a lively environment. With such attention to the little things you will see monkey laden images and statues along the bar, mini bicycles along the wall shelves, grainy black and white photos of old Bombay, cricket ball bathroom door handles, and even the waitresses are dressed in churidar kurtas giving off such a cool ambiance to dine and enjoy. The one flat screen they have features Bollywood movies and Indian programming, while the music playing in the background features an eclectic mix of old jazz, to 70' and 80's hits, Indian tunes, to some rock. Somehow, it all works here. Can be a bit loud and boisterous at moments being that it is a small space but that just adds to the fun.As for the food? Now that we have dined here a few times I can say it really is delicious and I think I might become an Indian food addict here. We started of with an appetizer of Paani Puri -crispy flour puffs, aloo & chick-pea chaat, with tamarind mint water. Something I never had but was oddly good and fun to eat. Okra was off the hook! Crispy okra, onions, tomato & chat masala. These are dangerous! Mine! Mine! All mine! My precious!The Butter Chicken Tikka Masala is a classic comfort dish and they do it right! Everything is served on one large plate which makes it all too easy - main course, raita & ghee rice, kachumber, and some perfectly fluffy naan. Mmmmm......I could eat this every day. That soft tasty chicken. That creamed tomato sauce. Oh my. No really, I could eat this for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. Don't judge me! If an Indian restaurant can't do Tikka Masala right then I avoid it, but the Munkey has an experienced chef that is a master at what he does. The libations here are nothing to sniff at as they list a classic offering of old school cocktails for $12. Served in ornate glassware the bartenders here are killer and mix a mean drink. Pimms Cup, Singapore Sling, East India Cocktail, Royal Enfield Sidecar, Old Fashioned, among others help quench your thirst with a generous pour and enrich your soul. Even if you don't eat here it is a destination spot to drop in and have a drink to end your night or start it off. Don't forget dessert! Gajar Halwa - carrot pudding, crushed nuts, cardamom coconut creme is something that doesn't sound right but makes an amazing sweet concotion to top off a meal here. Just. So. Good. Listen to me and get it. You're welcome!I think I will become fast friends with this Drunken Munkey. He taunts me with awesome drinks and delectable food. He lives right around the block from me and might become a bad influence! You know how those monkeys are!
<review# 1806,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2014,4/29/2014,610,719,4,13,7>**BYOB - no corkage fee**Excellent, clean space with fast service and solid lunch selection at a great price.First, you walk up this narrow, "meh" looking staircase and think you're about to end up in some hole in the wall.  However, this Indian establishment is unlike the others in Midtown in that it is super clean, modern, and not yet ridiculously crowded.  You're able to have a nice, un-rushed lunch here with plenty of natural lighting.Opt for the lunch combo and it runs you $8.26 for 2 main dishes and a choice of brown/basmati rice and naan.  Add $1 for lamb choices.  This means you can go all veggie, meat + veggie, or meat + meat.  I don't think food is cooked to order - it comes out pretty fast.I went for the lamb vindaloo and mashed eggplant (forgot what the actual name was).  The lamb was tender and not too gamey, but the sauce could have had a bit more kick to it for being "vindaloo".  It had the typical dark red sauce.  The mashed eggplant (with garlic, tomatoes, and other yum ingredients) was amazing.  It was slightly tangy, not too mushy, and all the flavors came together very well.  I would definitely recommend this vegetarian side.  The naan was not special.  It tasted like pita bread and didn't give me the "ahh" satisfaction that good naan usually gives.  Basmati rice was a little on the firm side.  If it weren't for the mediocre naan, firm rice, and mildness of the vindaloo, this place would have deserved 5 stars from my  first visit.Overall, best choice for Indian food in Midtown.  Will definitely be back.
<review# 1807,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2014,4/28/2014,816,264,7,12,14>And down we went, in a blaze of ink and scattered furniture, one lock from the final key.Escape the Room, as a preview for captivity at the hands of a sociopath, is a devious one. Some clues and keys are more obvious and easily found than others. The rest are clever enough to spark collective shouts of triumph at their discovery. Seeing their developing synergy and predicting the following actions are supremely satisfying. Yet know this: there is little time for congratulations. Only a small minority will actually escape. Many will spend their final moments chasing red herrings. These odds of success are worsened, in my opinion, by the overpopulation of the groups. Six people would be ideal. Ten is too large a group for each member to be productive, leading instead to disorganization of collected items and chaotic rummaging of areas previously ransacked. My only other criticism would be that there should be a prevention of groups of friends from banding together. Part of the fun of the dynamic is the forced cooperation with people you know extremely little about. If you're abducted and locked in an abandoned office, you're unlikely to be coddled through the presence of your friends. That said, most people probably aren't approaching this hoping for excruciating realism. And honestly, would either complaint prevent me from returning once the puzzles are updated?Hell no.
<review# 1808,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2014,4/27/2014,205,245,16,26,21>I can't stop raving about the roasted organic chicken I had during RW with a friend. It was resting on a little mound of mashed potatoes (I think, unless it was something else) and gravy sauce. It was the perfect kind of crisp and had so much flavor.The raspberry panna cotta was delish, as well. And I scarfed it down in seconds!The place is so cute...felt like everyone around us were like the typical extras in a movie setting. The yuppies talking about which grad school they went to, first date, etc. Everything just...was right. The seats were so comfortable.Someone seriously spent a lot of money designing this place...with the perfect props and lighting. I can't believe I never even knew about this place until recently. I hope to be back soon!
<review# 1809,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/4/2014,4/26/2014,1183,316,12,26,20>One of the most iconic NYC dining experiences is the one known as the "bottomless brunch". Legalities aside (yes, weekend brunch can be considered a "special event", which allows establishments to bypass this law), Kittichai has one of the better options for it, offering diners a brunch entree and unlimited drinks (within a fixed 90 minute period) for a mere $25. One of my friends was able to reserve several tables for her birthday brunch, which saved me the hassle of trying to coordinate a meal on my own.Kittichai's interior is particularly worth noting, making it one of the most upscale Thai restaurants that NYC has to offer. The dining room is gorgeous, with plenty of glossy wooden tables, a flawless floor, and parallel beams in the ceiling that allow sunlight to come through during the daytime. As many others have already noted, the center of the room features a gorgeous pool that will occasionally have floating candles dotting its surface area; at night, it makes for quite the atmosphere, especially if you're looking to impress. During the daytime, however, it's much more of a trendy, scene-y place - to be fair, one that I don't typically find myself in.For brunch, the restaurant offers an array of the traditional brunch items you'd find as well as a several Thai dishes regularly found on their lunch and dinner menu. Unsure of how modernized and altered some of the Thai dishes might be, I decided on the Three Egg Omelette. The plate came with several halves of toasted white bread as well as a serving of sauteed onions and red peppers, and cutting into the omelette revealed a myriad of ingredients: tomatoes, onions, peppers, mushrooms, and ham, and Swiss cheese. It's hard to mess up an omelette (which Kittichai did not), but I was a little disgruntled at the uneven cooks on the ingredients; mushrooms should not be cooked for less time than tomatoes, for example.The staff did a commendable job handling our group, however. Despite having a group of over 15 diners, glasses were hardly ever empty and ad hoc orders of bloody mary's were handled promptly as well. And needless to say, as the afternoon rolled around, the entire dining room was entirely filled; reservations are pretty much necessary to secure a table on a weekend afternoon. While I've sated my curiosity for the time being, I can definitely say Kittichai has its merits, especially for those looking forward to a boozy afternoon.
<review# 1810,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2013,4/25/2014,74,118,11,23,16>I've been dying to try bikram yoga and have heard great things about how it reduces ones stress. Being that I'm a bit overworked and stressed the past few months, I wanted to take on some bikram, 90 minutes of "ME TIME". SO HAPPY TO HAVE FOUND BYLES (my only wish is that I've known about it sooner)! I don't mind wearing a bikini on the beach, but I do mind being half naked in a room with a bunch of people (hence why I prefer not to go to the gym). I am also not a fan of working out. This place however is completely unpretentious, warm, and welcoming. No one forces you to buy any packages or pushes anything on you. You just walk in, do your thing, and walk out feeling fantastic!If you're a beginner like me, def read the website on the "what to do's" before entering your first class. I read it twice. Brought my own mat, drank plenty of water the night before, had a masterlock to keep my things in the locker, had a BIG BOTTLE OF WATER in class, and brought the proper attire (with a change of clothes after). You're going to be sweating...ALOT. When I took my first class, I was like holy crap, I've never sweated so much in my life. Don't even worry about looking like a mess cause everyone in that room is sweating with you. Don't even fret about not getting the moves correctly! The instructors (my fave is Pamela) are super helpful and I've never felt uncomfortable in class. I truly enjoy bikram. I use to dread doing any type of exercise, but having missed a class here, I woke up the next day excited to go in. A plus: I've noticed I'm a lot calmer, healthier, more focused, and have been eating better. Let your guard down and get your bikram on! PS: if you don't bring a towel (I never do cause it's makes my bag too bulky), you can rent one for a $1!
<review# 1811,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/26/2014,11/30/2014,274,112,10,7,10>I visited the Haunted Pumpkin Garden exhibit at the New York Botanical Garden last night because I'm actually an 8-year-old girl in a 156 year old professional's body. I read the descriptions for the event repeatedly and I had no clue it would be in the children's garden. So as a single woman sans children repeatedly stepping over 2 feet to 3 feet mini people, I looked a bit conspicuous. Regardless, I would visit the Haunted Garden again. In addition to complementary flashlights and a decent amount of organic chocolate, gummy bears and juice boxes at at each station the amount of monstrously gigantic pumpkins was in the dozens. I counted at least a dozen pumpkins that weighed over 100 pounds with the biggest monster either being grown in 2008 or weighing 2,008 pounds (a close runner up was an 800 pound white pumpkin) while my particularly favorite massive pumpkin had a hand carved, man-shaped pumpkin zombie crawling out of it. They also had gigantic gourds that wound like octopus tentacles, naturally grey and shiny pumpkins the likes of which I have never seen, large dancing skeletons operated by people and my new boyfriend, a troll named Mute. To my knowledge the exhibit ends on Halloween, so go in the daytime or at night, but definitely go or you have to wait another year to see it.
<review# 1812,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2014,11/29/2014,581,422,7,10,10>As I rarely find myself in the FIDI area, I was really happy when my lovely ladies Shing Yiing O. and Stephanie Q. asked me to join them at The Dead Rabbit for an after work cocktail.The menu is so cool!! You literally have to leaf through an awesome little pictured book to decide what your choice of drink is of the night. You even get a little history of the place if you care to read the other things that aren't drinks. I love that it's like a graphic novel that you leaf through to order your drinks. They have so many choices that it's so hard to pick only one.. or two... or.. well, you get the idea.The best part other than drinking... was that my drink came out in a tea pot! I pretty much thought that was just about the coolest thing ever! The food here was okay, but really aim here to come for drinks because there are a lot more choices for beverages than food (obviously). We waited downstairs in the main bar area until a table was ready upstairs for us. It's a really great setting here and a very cool place to check out!
<review# 1813,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2014,11/28/2014,34,437,15,9,7>did you sell your kidney? Because if you did, we should spend all of your earnings at Sushi Azabu. Don't worry, I'll sell mine next and we'll be even. i prrrooommise! I was here several years ago and came back once again last week. Food quality has not changed one bit. Dreams are made from this stuff. Omakase was ordered (both times). We upgraded to include the uni flight this second time around. It is a plate with a huge serving of uni on the left (from Santa Barbara) and a huge serving of uni on the right (from hokkaido) and a shot glass display of seaweed slices in the middle (for you to wrap your precious uni jewels in. oh dear lord. this may sound like blasphemy, but I believe that was heaven. there are several signs of a GREAT sushi place I always look for (i don't bother looking at your average neighborhood joint)1- quality of rice ---Check!2- how well the rice was seasoned ---Check!3- in house soy sauce ---Check!     ....ugh, get that kikoman away from me! he's the soysauce boogie man! lurking in every neighborhood sushi spot.... planning to poison my unwitting dishes with sodium... get away! The sushi chef was excellent. The meal was amazing. One bummer is Sushi Abazu changed their omakase policy. They used to keep feeding you sushi and sashimi until you asked the chef to stop. Now they have a set course. But a set course defeats the purpose of omakase! Omakase really means, i'll leave it up to you. not, we have a preplanned x-numbered course sushi sashimi meal ready!either way, the quality was still amazing. Good luck getting a table. You'll need it. Oh, and you'll also be needing that organ sales money for this joint.
<review# 1814,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2014,11/27/2014,176,162,9,10,9>If I'm honest, I come here at least once a week, despite my diet. One of the best things about this city is the abundance of dollar pizza spots, and this one far exceeds others I've been to. It's rare that you'll get a slice that's cold or isn't fresh because they only keep two pies out at a time. The slices are very reasonably sized and really really tasty. In fact, their pizza is better than the $3-$5 dollar slices I've had at some other pizza places. And obviously, the value can't be beat. It's a tiny shop so there's no seating or standing room inside, but most people just stand outside to eat their slice. There's often a line outside the door but it moves really quickly. If you're in the area & looking for cheap eats, this place is definitely worth checking out.
<review# 1815,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2014,11/26/2014,221,130,22,14,13>______FRENCH FINE DINING IN NEW YORK,A DEFINITIVE RANKING:1. Per Se2. Jean Georges3. Le Bernardin4. Daniel5. Bouley______Holy crap does Eric Ripert know how to cook seafood.Expect to want to eat a whole basket of the tomato bread.Please don't spoil your appetite.Stop eating the bread.Expect to want more of the Bay Scallop-Sea Urchin.Expect the Bone Marrow to blow you away.Expect to want to eat more bread with the Bone Marrow.For the love of god, stop filling yourself up with the bread.Expect the Lobster to be sweet and succulent.Expect stares if you try to lick the sauce off the plate.Expect the dessert to come too soon ='(WHY CAN'T THE DINNER GO ON FOREVER?!The only thing is that the service seems so mechanical and automatic, not personable. Maybe I've just been spoiled but from past experiences with other fine dining places, servers are usually doting. I like to be doted on goddamit!______Our Picks from the Chef's Menu:Roasted Tomato & Raisin BreadAmuse Bouche: Tuna Tartare / Salmon Ceviche / Cauliflower SoupBay Scallop-Sea Urchin: good god. this is amazing.Surf & Turf: Bone Marrow & Sea urchin with bacon strips?! delicious.Scallop Barely Cooked: I'll never tire of scallops.Lobster: So fresh, so sweet.Chocolate Mille-FeuillePetit Fours______
<review# 1816,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2013,11/25/2014,57,57,12,10,8>I'll be honest with everyone here, these days I only eat bagels when I'm in the rough physical and sometimes emotional state that comes with a hungover weekend morning.*Have been coming here about once every week on the occasion noted above. David's isn't going to win awards for decor or atmosphere, but when you need some sustenance - David's is there. My personal favorite order is cinnamon raisin bagel toasted with walnut raisin cream cheese - they have plenty of variety in cream cheeses as well. Also, have to mention that their bacon, egg, & cheese is good quality stuff, cooked quick, and I should say, much better than you'd think based on their storefront. Bagels are hot and delicious, every time. I don't have some detailed breakdown or comparison of other local bagel places talking about texture, color, etc - but just trust me - go to David's Bagels if you're in the neighborhood. Their staff is super attentive and does well to keep their sometimes long line moving really well. This is not something that can be said for Tompkins Square Bagels...Also, they're prices are fantastic.* My bagel-knowledge resume, confirming my position as an authority on the source:-My dad ran a deli for 20+ years-I've lived in Brooklyn for 23 years of my life-I ate at my dad's deli for 23 years of my life
<review# 1817,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2014,11/24/2014,294,271,10,15,8>Well, I'm always complaining about the lack of quality brunches on the Upper West Side and Cafe Luxembourg has certainly shut me up. Literally, because the food is so good and it makes me just want to eat in silence.So let's get to the most important offerings at Cafe Luxembourg. Their brunch items are simply top notch. Among the items I have tried.. I find it hard to rank -- it really depends on what floats your boat, I guess. The huevos rancheros is served with flavourful black beans, beautifully poached eggs and 2 yummy salsas. I still did ask for tabasco though - pardon me. The french toast is incredible - moist brioche that melts in your mouth, with a tangy melange of berries, and this amazing fromage blanc stuffed in it. It's fantastic. Also fantastic, albeit less indulgent, is the vegetable hash with eggs and sriracha dressing. It's not spicy, but it's a flavour bomb. I suspect these folks use some high quality ingredients. I have also eaten here with carnivores and both the lobster roll and the smoked salmon dishes were greatly appreciated. They have a pretty delicious prosecco, but the sparkling rose is a bit underwhelming. Of course you could be boring and order the orange juice or the chamomile tea. :)They are incredibly welcoming of children, and let me back in although my toddler broke a plate the first time that we ate here. Lastly, they offer these creamy dark chocolates with your check, and I'm hoping that I can buy these by the dozen.The place has this whole Parisian cafe feel to it, which is lovely when you're stuck in Manhattan in the summer with no time for a vacation. While the space can feel a bit cramped at times, the service is incredibly warm and friendly, and the food is delicious. What's not to like?
<review# 1818,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2014,11/23/2014,45,11,12,14,12>I have a good time every time I go to Red Rooster. I've been going off and on since they opened 4 years ago. I usually take someone that's visiting Harlem for the first time and we have a blast listening to the live music, meeting new people at the community tables, dancing downstairs before it became Ginny's and even meeting Marcus in person. The food is pretty amazing with great influences from many countries. Never had a meal here that I didn't like. And the atmosphere is A+.Unfortunately, though, sometimes the music is blaring and I have to move to outside seating to enjoy myself. Another con is that some of the items are pricey - $30 for a small bowl of Shrimp and Grits (4 peices of shrimp) - is something a friend ordered and shared. I have to say it was possibly the creamiest bowl of grits I've tasted in my life, but $30 is more than price gauging in my opinion. I would say this is one of those dishes that possibly only tourist consider buying. Being that I can make this at home for $5 makes this price laughable.
<review# 1819,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2014,11/22/2014,130,106,7,11,9>Eating at Ippudo (Westside or East Village) is a guaranteed wait, but the wait at this location is much more reasonable than that at its sister location. My co-worker ("D") and I strolled over from our office and arrived just before 6 pm, to find ourselves with a 30 minute wait time.. unheard of (in a good way)! So naturally, we decide to order a bottle of sake* to nurse while I scoped out the restaurant. The space is definitely smaller than I expected, but I loved the view and layout of the communal table in the first dining area. The second adjoining room of the restaurant has the more standard seating arrangement (i.e. tables and booths accommodating 2-6). All in all, the interior was sleek, tasteful, and better-lit than the sister restaurant in East Village.Once we got seated, our friendly server runs us through the menu and the day's specials. Collectively, the three of us (including the waitress on this one) decide to order:- Lobster Hasami (Special of the Day) -- lobster claw with maitake mushroom, celery puree, yuzu pepper meringue, and ikasumi sauce (squid ink miso reduction): D and I couldn't stop raving about this dish. That puree and meringue was interesting... and amazing!- Tako Wasabi: I don't know how I never got around to trying this, as D tells me it's on the EV menu as well. It had just the right amount of wasabi to pair with and accent the fresh octopus.- Pork Hirata Buns: They were as succulent and tender as I remember (hooray for consistency!), but as I was telling D, the buns are now considered a given in the Ippudo dining experience. A staple that I won't ever stop ordering, but it lacks the excitement a good "new" dish provides.- Miyazaki Wagyu Steak: OH.EM.GEE. (I'm salivating as I write this) This was the best dish of the night, hands down, for both D and I. The slivers of steak were cooked to a perfect medium-rare, accompanied by a trio of dipping options (salt, wasabi soy, and something more ponzu-esque). So tender, so juicy, so delicious. The price ($28) is a bit steep for an appetizer and the portion too small to be an entree, but worth every goddamn cent. Our waitress gave us the 411 on this beef and apparently Per Se uses the same source/distributor and prices it at 4x the price. GET IT, GET IT, GET IT! I can't say it enough!- Karaka men (with Nitamago): The spicy ramen in pork broth had so much flavor, with a good spicy kick. The texture of the noodles are to die for (as always) and perfect for soaking up the broth.Needless to say, a VERY satisfying meal. D says he was pleasantly pleased to find Ippudo Westside as good as Ippudo EV and that he & I will be going back as often as we can. Time to work, work, work so we can afford more $400 dinners for two (yikessss)!* The sake we ordered was the Azumaichi -- so good, we ordered a second bottle to accompany dinner. Totally recommend it!
<review# 1820,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2014,11/21/2014,135,1106,13,18,14>How do I love thee? Let me count the ways:1.) Location, location, location. Propped next to Harlem Public, it's a hard choice to choose between these two places, even though I know their homies with each other. (I see the love fests on Twitter. Haaa.)  Still, how nice is it to have some awesome new bars popping up in West Harlem, thus saving us kids that live in Upstate Manhattan constant trips downtown? VERY nice. 2.) The drink selection is excellent, not overwhelming, and inexpensive. Two cans of hard cider, a shot of whiskey, and a few fingers of Glenlivit only put my tab up to $33. Those ain't downtown prices, quite happily. 3.) An amazing jukebox is filled with interesting, varied, yet oddly complimentary choices. I'm talking Pharcyde, Common, Mos Def, Bloc Party, "Aquemini"-era Outkast, Fleetwood Mac, The Kinks, "Paul's Boutique", and so on. I found a dollar on the floor and I'd like to thank whomever dropped it. I picked "Ms. Fat Booty" and "Bombs Over Baghdad", and those choices were met with universal approval from fellow patrons; as for the latter, two girls next to me started screaming and dancing when Andre 3000 started spitting his first few verses. That made me feel all warm and fuzzy inside, aside from the 48 ounces of hard cider inside of me.4,) The space and interior design are amazing. They worked with the space quite interestingly. The bar has a gorgeous curve that juts into the main area, and there is additional smaller table near the rear. The entrance also boasts what's best described as bleacher seating, just two rows of seats to just post up and chill on. The rear holds a game area with table hockey and the biggest freaking game of Jenga you've ever seen, surely. It took a little getting used to the sound of the blocks falling, but soon, the beau and his friend and I were watching from the bar, cheering everyone playing on! 5.) The bathrooms have the best feature of any bathroom I've ever seen in a bar, and I'm not talking about the dry erase walls and markers they encourage patrons to use. I'm talking about locks that indicate if a bathroom is vacant or occupied. In bars that are noisy, it can be annoying to knock on a door to see if someone is in it, and it's simply awkward to be unsure if you heard anyone and pull on the handle. Thank you, At The Wallace, for being so damn smart and putting those locks in! (Now it's just up to patrons to actually lock them when they're in there. Ha!) As for the dry erase markers, I had to separate the fact that I've worked in Infection Control for 5+ years and could only imagine the germs on those markers. Hey, it's all about building up immunity, right? Ha! So I allowed myself a little bit of fun with the markers, but definitely washed my hands for 20 seconds afterwards.My only gripe, one that can be easily fixed? The bar was almost constantly wet. Bartenders whipping out drinks were spilling and not wiping. That can be easily fixed with a towel, however. It just sucked that I ended up with wet elbows and a wet phone on occasion. Heh. But, if you can't handle getting a little wet at a bar once in a while...hahaha...The older and wiser I get about establishments in and around this fine city, the more hesitant I am to give out five star reviews on Yelp. At the Wallace readily earned all five of them. This bar is now my happy place.
<review# 1821,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2006,3/10/2006,248,561,,4,6>I have a feeling that I'm going to be a University lifer.  Did my undergrad at Barnard, my grad work at Columbia, and now I work here.  I'm not going to touch on the academics of the University, but I can speak for it architecturally.  The plan for the campus certainly stands as a masterwork of Charles McKim from McKim, Mead, and White.  If you get a chance, take one of the Morningside Heights tours led by Andrew Dolkart.  Eventually you'll make your way to the University and he's got a ton of information and will really get you to appreciate a place that (daily) thousands of people take for granted.I've spent many an afternoon sitting and people watching with a friend near the torcheire on the Low Library steps.  I've often contemplated the out-of-placeness of Buell Hall, the only surviving building from the Bloomingdale Insane Asylum, upon the grounds of which Columbia University was built (oh how ironic).  My favorite building might be St. Paul's Chapel.  It's the only place where we know for sure someone is buried (the architect and his wife have their ashes interred in the south-east wall).
<review# 1822,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2006,3/9/2006,55,272,1,1,1>Oh heaven!  Sabon's lotions, cremes, scents and scrubs are the best I have ever used.  While, yes, it is a little expensive, it is WELL worth the price.I love the bath wash in Patchouli lavander and when i use the dead sea bath scrub my body feel likes it been to a wonderful spa.  The smell alone thrills me.My best friend from Texas visited me - she was absolutly aghast at my studio apartment, propensity to eat out and the amount of money I spend on entertainment.  The only thing she was impresed at was my Sabon scrub and lotion that she used everyday.
<review# 1823,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2006,3/8/2006,70,61,7,22,13>My fiancee brought me here as a surprise shortly before our trip to San Francisco (and a reservation at the French Laundry). I think the reviews posted thus far speak to the level of service you should expect. The wine sommelier makes you feel like a champ even if you know little-to-nothing about wine and he knows the dishes as if he created them himself.I've read some comments elsewhere how people have left hungry. If you select the nine-course menu you'd have to be Fat Bastard to leave hungry. Just when you think you're done with everything, you get a tiered presentation of petits fours and a little goodie bag of macaroons to go. You may pooh-pooh the idea of going to the mall for a fancy meal but when you're floating (or rolling) down to street level afterward you won't notice the difference.The only reservation left is for 5:30 PM? Not a problem - you'll finish your meal in about four hours and still have time to party, if you can still move after all that food.The problem I have with nine course tasting menus is that it's hard to remember everything I eat. I'm left mostly with the sensation of the overall experience, which is one of wonderment and awe. However, several dishes stand out. The "cornets" (salmon tartare with sweet red onion creme fraiche) are wonderful, but what remains engraved in my memory is "oysters and pearls" - two pearl-sized oysters floating on a tapioca sabayon and garnished with osetra caviar. Anyone who eats this in two bites should be summarily ejected from the premises. When we were served this dish again at the French Laundry, it was all I could do to keep myself from fist-pumping and yelling.Another dish I remember is a pasta with truffles dish that was served when I requested a substitution. Heavenly. The bowl was angled steeply along the edges sort of like a wine glass, with just enough space for you to just drop your head in and eat sans fork.The Deconstructed Snickers (photo attached) sparked a debate over whether Thomas Keller had to request permission to use the name or if Mars begged him for the publicity.The "composed" cheese course is one cheese with several accompaniments so you can explore the various facets of the cheese in detail. If you order coffee, the milk will be warmed.If you're dying to eat here and can't get through the reservations line in the morning rush, call back later in the day and ask to be put on the waiting list. You'll be allowed to pick several days, and if there's a cancellation they'll call you. Just be prepared to move on a moment's notice.Guys - jacket is required, but I've had a curious experience with that policy. The first time we went, I didn't know where we were going so I had a dress shirt but no jacket. They didn't turn us away. In fact, no one said anything. On our second visit, it was June and hot, so I had my jacket on my arm. Before the hostess escorted us into the restaurant, she smiled and discreetly motioned for me to put on my jacket. I took it off again promptly after seating - no injury, no penalty. I haven't been back since the mandatory service charge was added.When you're done with your meal, be sure to ask for a tour of the kitchen. You'll also be taken inside the wine vault. If you want to remember what you ate, you can always ask for a copy of the menu on your way out... but I don't think they deliver.
<review# 1824,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/5/2006,3/7/2006,308,1102,3,1,3>Whenever I go to NJ to visit the fam, I end up at this TGI Friday's on the nights when we just don't feel like driving across the bridge or taking the NJ Transit for some food & some booze. For a while, they had these fantastic wrap sandwiches with mozzarella & spinach and portobello mushrooms but they got rid of those and now only serve food that  clogs your arteries. The appetizers are the best especially with a gigantic Tom Collins or a Lynchburg Lemonde. A classic NJ suburban experience.
<review# 1825,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2006,3/6/2006,108,171,,3,2>Booked my anniversary dinner here based on a recommendation from a friend. Was taken aback by the beautiful decor and the exceptional service. We were comped our desserts to toast our anniversary, although we didn't tell them. The food was wonderful and I am looking forward to dining here again on my next trip to NY...
<review# 1826,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2006,3/5/2006,210,126,6,3,4>Ever feel like your life is like a movie? Me too.  Villa Mosconi makes me feel like I just walked into The Godfather - sans the part where you gotta get up close like this and "bada bing ... you blow their brains all over your nice ivy league suit", smack dab in da middle of your linguine alla vongole.Dark incognito wood, family atmosphere, and some of the most authentic, home-style Italian food I've had in New York.  Their seafood is impeccable and they are great for "business" dinners (famiglia or otherwise), placating those among us who can be temperamental and itchy-fingered, and even those with the most finicky of palates.  If you don't quite know what you want,  just ask them, they'll make you an offer you can't refuse.  And for the record, I got absolutely no problems tellin' Villa Mosconi, "I love you with all-a my heart, if I don't see-a you again soon, I'm-a gonna die..."  Capisce?
<review# 1827,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2005,3/3/2006,3009,1581,6,3,6>Five stars for WSJ customer service.  I like the contents of the paper, too, but that's not what this review is about.  It's about noisy paper deliveries at 3 a.m..  (Why the hell doesn't everyone just read the news online & save trees?)  Every night the WSJ delivery guys woke me up, throwing 5 newspapers against my neighbors' garage doors.  We're in two rows of townhouses separated by a driveway, so the noise echoes.  You wake up thinking it's a quake or a driveby.  I am in L.A., after all.  I went to war with the L.A. Times delivery dept. a few years back in a similar situation in an apartment building:  the delivery guy would run down the stairs and jump over the banister in the hallway next to my bedroom.  THUNK THUNK THUNK KABOOM, every morning, 3 a.m..  I got no justice from the L.A. Times after months of struggle, so finally moved.  I expected the same from the WSJ.  I called their national customer service and was told the delivery supervisor for my neighborhood would get back to me.  Yeah, when pigs fly, I thought.  He did!  The very next morning!  He apologized and told me the guys would be quiet from that day on.  They are!  Life is good!
<review# 1828,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2006,3/2/2006,147,58,13,5,5>The food at Acme is a delicious disguise for the musical horrors that await you below in the Acme Club.  I'm not really ashamed to admit that I've ventured to Acme several times to "support" my friends in their current musical endeavors, when in fact, I really only went to support my appetite.  For the record, I really hate ordering the Po'Boy, but for a silly reason.  I'm a fourth generation Brooklynite, so ordering the "Po'Boy" makes me feel like some lame participant in a pseudo-cultural experience...like milk-white yuppies who order food with thick, bad spanish accents in Mexican restaurants.  That said, Acme does have a very impressive collection of hot sauces lining the walls.  7,341 to be exact.  Actually, I don't know the exact figure, but it sure is alot of hot sauce.  And most people who dine at Acme seem pretty oblivious to the fact that, as a diner, you are encouraged to take the hot sauce of your choice off the wall and use it.  For my money, I always bet on the tasty "Ass in the Tub" hot sauce.  Indeed, as the label warns, "It burns on the way in and on the way out", causing the kind of rectal distress that is more commonplace in male penitentiaries.  Also, be very careful with the drinks.  I've never been to a southern restaurant that didn't spike their drinks with gratuitous quantities of Bacardi 151, and Acme is no exception.  They make specialty drinks that would make Betty Ford blush.
<review# 1829,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2006,3/1/2006,142,124,2,2,1>I endearingly call this restaurant "The Old Man Pasta Place". Despite having actually solidly-decent Italian food, the place is consistently East-Village hipster-free.I've gone a few times and fellow diners appeared to fall into the following categories: senior citizens, bowling groups, families, and the local Rotary Club. We all equally seemed to enjoy the food here: the fusilli pesto is great, as is the pumpkin ravioli and the black linguini. Is the typical East Village hipster so afraid to be un-cool that they won't dare step foot in the place, despite the great food and price? Yeah, I could see that. If so, at least get delivery.
<review# 1830,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2006,2/28/2006,19,145,1,2,2>It's been a while since I've been here (considering I live in Chicago), but I always think about Caravan of Dreams.  It was definitely the best meal I had in New York, and probably the best vegetarian food ever-- and I've been vegetarian for over 10 years.  The atmosphere is pretty cool.  I felt really comfortable here.  The selection was amazing.  They have selections for every level of vegetarian-- vegan, raw/live food, etc.
<review# 1831,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2010,2/4/2011,225,194,36,20,18>Why don't Lobsters Share?Wait for itWait for itBecause their Shellfish.I know, I know, the joke wasn't funny.  Want to know what else isn't funny?  The lobster and shrimp rolls served here for lunch.  I guarantee that you won't share either.  They may not be as good as Pearl or Ed's but it's pretty satisfying in a pinch.If chunks of lobster on a hotdog bun isn't you're thing, the Sushi chef makes a great  lobster roll as well.  I haven't tried the bisque but it looked fantastic.  This place is great for lunch or take-out.  The prices are decent, the food is great, and that's what it all broils down to.
<review# 1832,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2010,2/3/2011,286,298,12,28,24>The sushi-gods must love me. An awesome meal at Takesushi last weekend and now a stellar meal at Kanoyama this weekend? *sighs contentedly* If high quality sashimi weren't so pricey, I'd eat it every day. My date and I went to Kanoyama on a Sunday night so there was no wait for a table. Kanoyama has very minimalistic (i.e almost nonexistent) decor, but the ambrosial seafood and attentive service more than made up for the lack in ambience.Kanoyama has an extensive raw bar menu with 10+ types of oysters to choose from. We decided to start with with two KUMAMOTO OYSTERS each. The kumamoto oysters were on the sweeter side so they were divine when paired with the lightly tart ponzu sauce and a little lemon.yelp.com/biz_photos/VVlH…For an entree we shared the SASHIMI DELUXE (3 pieces each of 6 kinds of fish)yelp.com/biz_photos/VVlH…and the OMAKASE SASHIMI (2 pieces each of the day's best 9 kinds of fish)yelp.com/biz_photos/VVlH… To my delight, the only overlap was the yellowtail. The deluxe had all the standards that you'd expect: tuna, salmon, yellowtail, fluke, etc. The omakase sashimi boasts of the best fish of the day and included red snapper, kinki (thornhead), white tuna, sockeye salmon, and more that I can't remember the names of. I was in sashimi heaven. All were extremely fresh and I got to try some types of fish that I've never had before. My favorite was the sockeye salmon which is a darker orange than regular salmon, and is slightly more firm and slightly less fatty than regular salmon. So delicious! Also interesting to note is that the white tuna we received in the omakase sashimi didn't look like the white tuna I'm used to; it was pale pink as opposed to the pure white fish that I expected. And the texture was fleshier than the spongy yet buttery white tuna I'd had in the past. I did a little research on the topic and found that what Kanoyama served is the true white tuna. The opaque white fish that a lot of other restaurants serve as "white tuna" is actually another fish called escolar**.If you like wasabi, I recommend getting an order of their fresh grated wasabi on the side to pair with your sushi/sashimi. Compared with the wasabi that usually comes with sushi/sashimi, I found it to be sweeter with less of a bite but much more flavorful. To fully appreciate the fresh wasabi, I recommend spreading it directly onto your sushi/sashimi instead of mixing it into soy sauce.I was a little disappointed that neither the deluxe sashimi nor the omakase sashimi came with uni so we ended the meal with an add-on order of UNI SASHIMI. Like everything else we had, the uni was extremely fresh. The flavor was very clear and bold, and it literally melted in my mouth.yelp.com/biz_photos/VVlH…My experience at Kanoyama was outstanding and I'll definitely be back. Thank you sushi-gods!**Food for thought: Apparently there is a lot of controversy around escolar because while delicious (and inexpensive), consumption of large portions of escolar is bad for the gastrointestinal system. Escolar isn't banned in the U.S. but the FDA recommends only having escolar in portions smaller than 6 oz.
<review# 1833,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2010,2/2/2011,272,167,10,16,14>I discovered this place during the recent arts festival in DUMBO. We were walking around and checking out galleries and studios that were open to public and happened to walk by this wonderful place. Something just caught my eye. There was a huge globe by the entrance. It was old but very well kept or perhaps restored.  Now If I could show you how my ideal place would look like, I'd point you to areas of this store.  It's a mix of old and new with different textures and lines.. splash of odd items here and there.  I want a vintage globe or five. And I want reclaimed wood with huge casters as coffee table. And I want old maps as artwork. Maybe an eames egg rocking chair too while we're at it? Ahhhh this place was total eye candy for me.Some of their bigger pieces like the coffee table were reasonably priced.  I knew for certain if I saw this in the city they would sell for twice as much.  They also have smaller home items perfect as gifts, some mens shirt and bags. I'm definitely coming back for more eyecandy. Find out more about this store that is also a studio for interior design, architecture, graphic design, etc. Check out the website!P.S. their business card is of high quality. That alone impressed me.P.P.S. every 1st Thursdays they offer free design consultation.
<review# 1834,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2010,2/1/2011,681,925,15,15,15>I liken the midtown coffee experience to the popular party game of Taboo.  Sometimes you'll get a word that you have no clue how to describe without using the other words on the card?The category is "midtown coffee."I cannot use the words "Starbucks," "Dunkin Donuts," "Greek Cart" or "Tim Horton's."(That's right, I couldn't even think of a 5th establishment.)Now I can say "Blue Dog" and surprisingly enough, the coffee is actually quite good.  Abraco it is not, but the coffee is robust and not watered down.  Prices are also fair - a large coffee (almost Venti sized) is about $2.25.The service could be improved, however.  The cashier barked (no pun intended) at me when asking if I take my coffee with milk.  There is no seating to be had, unless you enjoy the UPS guy bumping into you every five seconds as he takes shipments to the back of the shop.  No, it was not a Legally Blonde moment for me...
<review# 1835,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2010,1/31/2011,981,621,10,21,17>Every so often, I'll start my reviews like many Yelper's do."I wanted to like this place."Well, actually, I wanted NOT to like this place.  I say that, mainly because I'm really not a huge fan of lobster.But I know this is a quality place. (I've eaten here years ago when they first opened)So even though I expected NOT to love this place, I ended up loving it all over again.Are we thoroughly confused now?On snowy nights like this, that nice calm warm feeling washes over you, while so many people are out enjoying the city.   People are almost forced into slow motion.  Something just makes you want to run home and watch re-runs of Taxi.That sets the tone when you order your nice glass of $12 Pinot Noir.(this place isn't exactly cheap)  (the market price of the Lobster roll was priced at $27 tonight)Lots of great, and varied Oysters.  (not a wide selection of West coast though tonight, which I usually prefer)Nice, friendly and prompt service.My daily special appetizer of John Antipasto for $12 included Baked clams, shrimp scampi and peppers was absolutely amazing!   The clams had just enough breadcrumbs as to not make them gagging dry.  The shrimp were really just perfect, and perfectly flavored, and the thinly sliced peppers, were salted to perfection.   (See pics)My other daily special of Penne w broccoli rabe $15.   (a very nice offering of Lobster meatballs over linguini I passed on  $23, but seemed intriguing.)Anyway, long story short, the Penne was undercooked, and my waiter didn't charge me for that.It had good flavor (a little salty), just a hair spicy, with what looked like a little bit of crushed red pepper, and the broccoli rabe was very good, with thinly sliced garlic cloves that would make Pauly from Goodfella's the movie proud.    Overall, the appetizer and the courtesy and professionalism of the staff was really what won me over.I will be back.
<review# 1836,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2010,1/30/2011,275,454,9,18,16>Not all Lan Zhou Hand Pulled Noodle shops are created equal.Perhaps it was by coincidence that a venture to Lan Zhou was conducted.  After all, it was lunch hour and the technicians at Lexus were nowhere close to done with the repair to my vehicle.  After wandering a few blocks on 8th Avenue, I stumbled upon Lan Zhou and thought...  "Why not give it another shot?"Setting:  There's not much that can be said about the establishment.  The entire restaurant is a little smaller than 500 square feet.  The seating area is limited to only about 7 (maybe 8 generously) individuals.  There is one large main table that can seat about 3 to 4 with other wall seating fitting about another 3 to 4 customers.  The restaurant itself is somewhat dingy.  Nevertheless, most "hole-in-the-wall" type restaurants fall into this stereotype.  After all, patrons that frequent Noodle Shops know that we're here for the food, not for the top notch decor.The Food:Beef w/ Hand Pulled Noodle:  Compared to the Lan Zhou of East Broadway section in Chinatown, the most notable observatory difference is that this location offers a larger serving of protein.  With about 8 slices of Beef weighing about 2.5 to 3.0 ounces, patrons can be certain that this Lan Zhou won't be skimping on the ingredients.  The beef itself was on the firmer side, but still possessing a proper balance of fat and carefully broken down connective tissue that made the beef enjoyable to consume.  As for the noodle, brilliantly cooked and perfected!  Each savory and scrumptious bite had with it the classic buttery smooth texture of the noodle while embodying a slight heartiness when chewed.  The noodles possessed a slightly doughy texture, but certainly not one that was burdensome.  Both elements combined to create a simplistic yet perfectly executed rendition of the classic Hand Pulled Noodle application.$4.50 is a slight price to pay for brilliance.  Then again, $4.50 is a slight price paid for lunch compared to other notable establishments.Needless to say, I know where to go in Brooklyn for a Hand Pulled Noodle fix!Notes on Lan Zhou:1) Owners of this establishment speak Cantonese!2) Prices range from $4.00 to $6.00 for a bowl of Noodles.  With an order of dumplings, you're still under $10.00.3) Restaurant itself is cramped.  The best seating is at the main table.  Take the seat closets to the walls away from the register.4) Don't spend more than 10 minutes eating, you're seat is being eyed by patrons looking to have lunch.5) Cash Only!  Who pays for Hand Pulled Noodles with plastic?
<review# 1837,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2010,1/29/2011,412,222,26,32,31>Do you believe in love at first sight? Me? Not really, but it happened to me last night. I fell in love with Tabaré the moment I saw the store front.  Located in hidden part of Williamsburg South 1st street, it appeared like should've been placed in West Village. When my friend suggested to have a dinner at Tabaré, her friends' only two month old restaurant, I only imagined a little tiny typical Williamgsburg eatery. Then I met these Uruguayan Diego and Ramiro, the owners of Tabaré and realized that this is not only what I didn't expect but also it's someone's dream coming true. This place is gorgeous. I love the every detail of this place and I'd rather want to shop here. Tabaré is Diego and Ramiro's first restaurant and they built this place from ground up, all by themselves. Every little pieces in this place are hand picked and crafted by them. Ebayed lamps and wood panels from everywhere and the concrete molded & hand painted table tops. Everything here has the story. Modern and elegantly stylish but natural. Artfully patched woodwork of the walls and some ceiling are just lovely, not to mentioned the rustic brick walls. The whole place is designed being playful with a lot of textures. It is a true artistry in the heart of Williamsburg and it looks like it should be featured in one of those interior design magazine.  But most of all, I simply couldn't believe how everything looks so professional and well finished. Rare talent discovered here. In fact, I heard that Diego decorated Shakira's NYC apartment but he isn't interior designer. You go Diego! Now, the real business - the food! I have no idea about Uruguayan cuisine FYI.Anyways, I am not a big fan of empanadas but this home made empanada ($6) with caramelized onion & cheese rocked my world. It came out with two seasoned oilive oil dipping sauces (one spicy and the other with parsley) and it just melted in my mouth. My Civito Sandwich with Traditional Uruguay skirt steak ($14) was so tender and juicy. The dripping juice was well worth licking. The came with fries were also excellente perfecto. My friend had the beets salad ($9), which was refreshing. We got some complimentary chocolate cake as dessert. Of course, I will never say no. Well a lot things turned out to be complimentary but........ The starter bread was warm and crispy, also came out with another oilve oil infused with olives, anchovies. The hint of orange zest was quite a surprise for me. and of course, I finished it to the last piece and the drop.The service is excelllent as these guys are doing their best in their dream restaurant not just to our table, but to all other tables by the look of how they are tending them. Just imagine you are served by the owners. And we could tell how thought thru each courses are and that our responses are being observed. Love love love the presentations.. everything in this place is tastefully done and screams style. I saw next table having homemade gnocchi, which will be my next meal at Tabaré. The ambience in this place is really mellow. Good to just chill and enjoy the food. Everyone here seems kind of somewhat South Americans since I didn't hear much English around except our table. Of course, the owners speak English. Did I tell you that I am officially in love with Tabaré? which I've been already dancing around about to all my friends. My friend who took me there first said, it's to support friends but no need. Tabaré is perfect as it is. It is what we say what you see is what you get. And I somehow don't mind sharing this love with everyone. P.S. They are still in the process of getting a liquor license, so you can BYOB. That's what we did. One more thing, how come no one yelped Tabaré yet?
<review# 1838,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2010,1/28/2011,217,107,10,15,19>Well. . . turns out there IS something redeeming about Lebanon! I kid. Sort of. But I had no.idea. that the Lebanese could cook to kill. Because a part of me died in that restaurant last night, and I could very well name my first child after Ilili. I went from liking Greek-ish food to obsessively stalking it, which I have done today while trying to remember this place. Unfortunately, last night I was so tipsy from pre-gaming at Please Don't Tell, I had no idea where I was being taken. Thanks, date. Apparently, I stepped inside a golden draped, unseemingly large lebanese heaven. Have you ever eaten something so good you get angry it has ruined your other dining experiences? That's how my date and I felt about Ilili's. There are certain things here that you will eat that will be imprinted in your memory for the rest of your life and hardly anything will compare. Most notably the Phoenician Fries and the brussels sprouts. Life ruination begins here, so just get.ready. The fries were maybe the best fries I've ever had in my life. Sprinkled with parsley, crack and a garlic dipping sauce. Likewise the brussels sprouts were drenched in magic, grapes, walnuts and some kind of creaminess that made me feel like I was eating vegetable dessert. We also split the jalapeno hummus, the falafel- which was unreal, and the duck kebab. I could have probably ordered 15 other things, but I'll have to save that for my next trip.We also got two similarly named cocktails, but I liked mine more. The "From Beirut with Passion" was great, definitely recommended. Sweet but not too sweet- and strrrong. Service was very friendly, attentive, and even when I broke a glass - (I wasn't getting married, I was just getting drunker)  they didn't give me the stink eye. So major props for that. From cocktails, apps, entrees, service, when my jaw wasn't eating everything in sight it was on the floor. Thanks, Ilili for being a life changer and a life ruiner. Not many places can do that.
<review# 1839,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2010,1/27/2011,281,420,7,10,8>Besides the Anne Hathaway sighting (yes, she was getting a to go order with her boyfriend and adorable chocolate lab *I think*), Mile End deli is awesome.  At first, I didn't understand the whole concept of a Canadian Jewish deli, but darn was everything we had tasty! Started off with a bottle of the Brut and the chopped liver and pletzel.  Initially, I didn't know what pletzel was, but with liver, you figure it must be some sort of bread.  It was a thick piece of bread, like a cracker, pita, pretzel combo, that was covered with sea salt.  The chopped liver (I know, I'm sure it sounds gross to most people) was some of the best that I've ever had! So flavorful and the consistency was solid...I was tempted to get a to go order to take home.  Between the 3 of us, we had a Mish-Mash, which was a lox scramble with onions and greens.  Probably my least favorite, it was just a bit too salty.  I actually tried to order the smoked meat hash, which was brisket, potatoes, onion, and fried egg, but they were sold out. Boo.  The smoked meat sandwich was beef brisket on rye with mustard.  The 1/2 lb of brisket (I know, TONS) was soooo tender and flavorful with plenty to share! The Ruth Wilensky, which was a salami sandwich pressed on an onion roll, I did not try, but it seemed to be devoured quickly. Basically, I can't wait to go back and try EVERYTHING on the menu.
<review# 1840,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2011,1/26/2011,1337,1224,6,13,11>Delicious!  The herbal jelly in lactose free milk, that is...yum!  Well, this location is close to all of those great places in Elmhurst and even has some seating as well.  The convenient location makes it a must stop place for me on my weekend outings.Cash only and a little more pricey than Quickly, but I am totally sold with the lactose free milk party.  Even more seating (larger shop), extended hours, and some snacks would be off the chain- like in a good way.  They play Backstreet Boys songs!
<review# 1841,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2012,11/15/2012,483,449,6,9,9>Wait, I haven't written a review of Luke's Lobster yet? This must be corrected at once.I first encountered Luke's Lobster two years ago at my first Yelp event, Yelp Country Club at the Randall's Island (yelp.com/biz/yelp-countr…). They had a booth there, serving out fresh lobster rolls. They immediately caught my eye because I went to high school in Maine and have enjoyed many a delicious lobster from that cold, northern state. Since then, I have visited Luke's Lobster numerous times, especially now that I live in East Village. And what can I say? I love their lobster rolls. Succulent and so very fresh, I could probably eat two or three of them in one meal. The warm toasted bread and the butter applied to the lobster meat makes for a combination that brings a person comfort. I love Luke's Lobster.
<review# 1842,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2012,11/14/2012,441,219,4,7,6>I admit that Shangri-La is my go-to place for a quick bite around here. Their buffet bar is my ticket to getting my daily vegetable intake out of the way, and actually has a good array of veggies, including kale, kimchi, Brussels sprouts, asparagus, and more.Their sandwiches are also a great value, at under $6 each, and are always made with quality ingredients (soft, fresh rolls, Boar's head deli meats, variety of cheeses like BRIE!!!, everything made to order). While I wish there was a better veggie-to-meat ratio (eat your veggies, people), I'm sure the abundance of protein stuffed in each sammie will please the majority as it's really a bang for your buck. While no particular sandwich stood out for me, every one I've ordered have been very satisfying, so you can't really go wrong. Their offerings of avocado (I refuse to call it guacamole as I'm from southern California, and guacamole doesn't exist in WaHi) and pesto makes each 'wich all the more exciting. Oh, and the Wednesday kalbi sandwich special is overrated; opt for the other choices instead.My favorite part...they carry all my "bougy" drinks! They have Honest Tea, coconut water, POM, and a variety of "antioxidant-rich" (whatever that means) drinks here. If you are/will be living in Washington Heights for a while, Shangri-La is a dependable eatery to add on to the list.Tips: - Call in your sandwich order if you're in a hurry at noon, or you will be standing around forever. - The array offered at the buffet ceases to exist around 2pm, so come earlier or you'll be stuck with leftover meats and fried rice. - The place closes at 6pm weekdays, and 4pm weekends, so only count on it if you're having an early dinner.
<review# 1843,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2012,11/13/2012,1157,368,6,20,11>Yeah, I admit it...I have good karma. Which is why I got a reservation here at 9:30pm on a Friday night ON THE DAY OF. Let me explain: I was a charity event and it was a bit too hipster for me and the bf, so we looked at opentable.com for a restaurant opening. I was scrolling through, and Eleven Madison had a 9:30pm availability. Now I live off of Opentable.com and Seamless.com, so I know how hard it is to get a res here. (Thank you good luck!)We made it to the restaurant by 9:40pm, and ending up wrapping up dinner somewhere after 12:30am and 15 courses later. Everything is beautiful, elegant, sophisticated and comfortable. Before you die, you MUST dine at a Michelin 3 Star Establishment.My menu was:-Black Truffle & Parmesan Savory Black & White Cookie-Sea Urchin Custard w/ Baby Squid, Manila Clam & Apple-Cranberry Gelee w/ Smoked Curds and Agretti-Cucumber Snow w/ Lapsang Souchong & Grape-Eel roasted w/ foie gras & swiss chard-Sturgeon Sabayon w/ chives Smoked with everything bagel crumble, pickles & caviar-Lettuce Salad w/ Yogurt, sunflower & apple-Carrot Tartare w/ rye bread & condiments-Potato Crumble w/black onion powder-Pork Confit w/ red cabbage, black bean & grey peas -Greensward pretzel, mustard, beer-Malt egg cream with vanilla & seltzer-Pistachio ice cream with grape, golden raisin & sauternes-Huckleberry goat cheese cheesecake & lime-Pretzel chocolate covered with sea salt
<review# 1844,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2012,11/12/2012,294,271,8,11,8>1 + 1 = 4.Take any item on Maoz's salad bar and you can't complain. Decent falafels - they stick to the rules, fry them till crisp and yet it stops short of greasy. The hummus is ordinary, with nary a flavour other than chickpeas and tahini. Their salads are fresh and mildly seasoned. My favourite items on the bar are the tabouli salad, with its lovely minty flavour, and the yogurt sauce.For a value meal here, you can't go wrong with the falafel sandwich. Perhaps its more expensive than the carts in the street, but it's surely fresher, healthier and most importantly tastier. For the best distribution of toppings and sauces through your sandwich, use your hands to press the pita together and crumble the falafels. So all those goodies can settle into the nooks and crevices of your sandwich, instead of being left with this falafel party at the bottom after you've eaten your way through the toppings. The salad box seems like a worse deal at first, but then you haven't seen the way I pile on my veggies on that thing - the floor of the box all but cracks under the weight.The service is always friendly and their juices are healthy and delicious.And this is the most important part: Each individual item in my huge piled up sandwich or salad box is strictly in the ordinary to good range, but somehow together (assisted by helpings of the green sauces and the yogurt dressing) the whole meal is just so much better than the sum of its parts.
<review# 1845,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2012,11/11/2012,270,454,5,7,7>By the time that I scored the super secret reservations to this place, I was already over the hype...which of course meant that I ended up being quite pleasantly surprised.First of all, I had it burnt into my brain that this was a smaller version of the milk bar in Kubrick's film of A Clockwork Orange with similarly dressed but not psycopathic individuals with Eyes Wide Shut masks in a very black space dominated by glassy decorations. I also thought they'd have piles of exotic fruit, spices, and elixirs behind a bar.My date and I located the unmarked door quite easily. What gave us pause was how the hell to announce our presence. Completely at a loss, I knocked feebly. Almost instantly, a young gentleman opened the door, nodded, and whisked us inside.We were seated in a cozy, rounded corner couch at our own round table rather than at the small bar. From then on, we barely even looked at the present company, and just got drinking. A bartender came up to us and interviewed us about our preferences. I mentioned my admiration for the Ramos Gin Fizz and got a light, zesty citrus drink. Definitely fresher tasting and less sweet than just about any other drink of that category that I'd ever had, but a part of me was sad that they hadn't actually shaved the lemon peel and juiced the fruit in front of my very eyes.By the time we'd almost drained our highball glasses, a female server appeared and asked what we wanted. This time, I kept stressing a peach taste with cream but something neither sweet nor Schnappy. Server disappeared, and came back with a concoction featuring fresh cream. THIS was where it was at...if I could capture any fully realized essence of M&H and its philosophy, I'd say it's in this fresh cream, whatever is meant by fresh (didn't see a cow anywhere)....The space was unremarkable to the vision. It was old, dark, and dimly lit, oriented lengthwise so that there wasn't all too much other than the bar, a narrow thruway, and a wall with jackets hanging on hooks. But there was something about the air of the candlelit space - something so old that it felt almost Western (as in Gold Rush era saloon Western, not that I was alive back then).As I got more and more buzzed without even realizing it, I started meditating on how the Lower East Side basically WAS the original wild wild West (just read Luc Sante's "Low Life"), and how I was probably breathing the same air as poets, gangsters, cops and drunks from that time...and it tripped me out. The server came back with a handwritten tab for $84. Here, I had to put my foot down. "We had three drinks not four, y'see?" I snarled (not really). She apologized not too profusely, and came back with an adjusted tab for sixty-something bucks. Much better.The drinks were delicious, the privacy was excellent, the space was spooky, and the price was all good in exchange for the former three elements...but if I could do it all over again, I would have consumed more water. The drinks, fresh and clean as they were, didn't burn very clean in my system...I was pretty much hungover by the time I got home. My conclusion is that Milk & Honey isn't overhyped or underhyped. Bizarrely, it's like the nation of India - a uniformly dehydrating love-or-hate experience that's different for everyone depending on what you do, when you go, and which regions (in this case, of flavor) you visit. That said, you'd be a fool not to go there at least once. And don't listen to what anyone says before you go.
<review# 1846,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2012,11/10/2012,536,944,7,9,10>Harlem lucked out!  Hot house baked bread for this CARBAHOLIC. This corner restaurant scores a homerun. The space is sooooooooo pretty with posters and a windowed kitchen that wowed me with fab food, the nicest and accomodating service and a great meeting spot in Harlem.Ate:Soup of the day- cream of mushroom soup- $7.75Risotto with mushrooms & veggies and a balsamic glaze- $16I went with the mushroom theme for dinner. The creamy, hearty soup was delish...especially with the hot bread and butter. .....The risotto- creamy, cheesy, with carrots, mushrooms, and the spot on balsamic glaze was simply wicked. The bathroom has a great wood farmhouse sink. Can't wait to try dessert which many sound inventive. OUI QUI! Uptown baby!
<review# 1847,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2012,11/9/2012,581,422,6,17,6>My friends and I were regulars at the old location in SoHo- we used to go at least once a week. We were completely devastated when they closed and were moving to midtown. I passed by this location the other day and couldn't wait to try it! We miss our old usual spot.Last night, my friend Nat and I finally made it for dinner. We could barely contain our excitement! The space at this location is a lot more roomier, and has a nice, modern look to it.  The decor is really cool, with the lit up cases on the side wall and a large bar area. This is definitely a larger space than downtown, and can accommodate a much larger crowd. We were immediately greeted by the hostess and some familiar faces from the old location. To our surprise, the manager came over to us and said he recognized us and was so glad to see some old regulars! Before we got the menu, we already knew what we wanted to order. After ordering up a round of red sangria, one of our favorites, the Papas Bravas was definitely our first choice- this is small fried potatoes served with different dipping sauces. Be careful when you eat this, as they do make it fresh and it is very hot when you first get it. We also got the meatballs and oxtail with truffle oil mashed potato in red wine sauce. The oxtail surprised us the most because it was something new we were trying. This was such an amazingly delicious dish, we cannot wait to come back and have it again! Coming here was a delight and we are glad to say that Lizarran hasn't lost anything about itself from the old location, but rather upgraded into something more modern and awesome! Always great food and great service. I'm excited to come back next time I'm in midtown!
<review# 1848,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2012,11/8/2012,628,678,9,12,10>Yes, it's a mix between a dive bar and a sexy speakeasy - BUT HOW IS THAT NOT AWESOME?Love the floating chairs, the tiny dark intimate space below street level. The crowd is not as collegey as the rest of LES. It's less of a loungey place to "be seen," and more like a big, dark living room with a little warm lighting and red rugs. Come with a date or a friend or two - not your sorority.The music was the perfect volume. Is that a weird observation? Not so loud that you can't hear the person across from you (talking loudly), not so soft that it becomes background noise.Despite the DJ's unpromising Black Flag t-shirt, I was really feeling the music! A sampling: Ace Frehley, The Strokes, Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeros ...Um, there might have been some Smiths thrown in there. I hate to admit this (because it's kind of hipster Top 40 isn't it?) but that's all the shiz I play! Ahhh. $5 well drinks and wine/$3 Yuenglings during happy hour til 10pm. We just missed it, so most beers (tap/bottle) were $6, cocktails $7. I think $20 minimum for credit. Shrug. My one real complaint is that even though it was a healthy size, my gin and tonic was not very strong at all. Here are some unnecessary qualifiers:- If I came here again and they were playing Top 40 or god forbid dubstep, the mental disconnect would probably drop them an entire star. - In this intimate, low-key bar, the crowd could make or break it. When I was there, there were zero clubby or "Long Island/Jersey/Staten Island" vibes. Compare to the sidewalks just outside. LES - just sayin'.This place made me feel happy.
<review# 1849,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2012,11/7/2012,46,548,13,15,10>When someone with tattoes everywhere and various tongue and other piercings says the glasses look good on you, then obviously you must take this as gospel. They saw how square I looked and immediately knew it was time to finally advance from my thin-wired frames (frankly, they dont' sell any thin-wired frames - maybe no one does anymore). The eye exam was friendly and thorough. They were not pushy in the sales process, but instead relied on sophicated psychological mind persuasion, hitting on all of my latent insecurities, thereby convincing me to buy a pair. Thanks guys.
<review# 1850,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2012,11/6/2012,1319,184,4,8,8>Another great Restaurant Week experience!For $24.07 (what's with the $.07 anyway?) you get a three-course meal. There were quite a few options for both appetizers and mains. I know many places seriously limit the menu, but that wasn't really an issue here. Only three dessert options, though.I started with the white anchovy bruchetta. It was good but not amazing. My co-worker swore by the salt cod croquettes, so I'd probably get that if I were to visit again. For my main course I opted for the pork chop, which isn't something I order a lot. But this one was really good. Salty. Juicy. Nicely charred. Quite decadent. And great. One co-worker had the croque monsieur, which is essentially a fancy ham and cheese sandwich. Looked good, but pretty simple. My other co-worker had the halibut, which was drastically under-seasoned. I could just see the judges on Chopped blasting the chef for not using enough salt. For dessert I had the chocolate panna cotta, which is like a creamier version of chocolate pudding. Restaurant Week may have its flaws, but it's a great way to get into some nice restaurants to try new things and not break the bank. Count me in.
<review# 1851,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2013,6/5/2013,196,656,3,13,8>Watching my favorite Uruguayan bass-baritone Erwin Schrott just 2 feet away from me was absolutely priceless!!! This was the perfect venue to grace his "Rojo Tango", a sexy and passionate collection of songs by famed composers Astor Piazzolla, Pablo Ziegler and Juan Carlos Cobian; His performance at this very intimate and classy night club with only 150 seats made us feel as if we are at an exclusive private event. I highly recommend to get $40 table seat instead of $30 bar seat it's a night and day difference!!! There is a $25 min charge for food and drink order and although the venue's primary focus is the music, the food wasn't bad at all. I particularly enjoyed the oysters and burrata, get those for the appetizers! If you want to meet the artist, then this is THE PLACE!! You have a high chance of meeting him in person! I not only got to meet Erwin and got him to sign my CD and had pictures taken with him, but also I got to meet his famous soprano wife Anna Netrebko! Many opera royalties including his wife, Anita Rachvelishvili, Olga Peretyatko, Michele Mariotti, and Placido Domingo's brother were sitting nearby our table which was almost surreal. This is why I love NY..... great music at a beautiful venue at very reasonable price!! I'd definitely come back!!!!
<review# 1852,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2013,6/4/2013,133,187,4,18,15>Such an interesting crowd here.  Truly mixed and different each night.  Basically just really fun people that don't care what anyone thinks of them.  I wouldn't come here if you're uptight though.It's very spacious.  Bar in the front, pool table/karaoke stage in the middle, and lounge area in the back room.  I love it when bars have couches and this place has lots of them.  It makes me feel like I'm in a sitcom.  There has been free Karaoke both times I've been here (Tuesday and Thursday).  It's rare to not have to pay by song in NY so that's great!  And it's not too crowded so you can just get right up there.  There's also live music some nights.  They have a free magician that walks around some nights, as well.  There's definitely a lot of entertainment here, but I think the most entertaining thing about this place is the excellent people-watching.  Oh and drinking of course.
<review# 1853,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2013,6/3/2013,608,608,13,17,14>During the Great Cough of 2013, my throat felt like it wanted to leap out of my neck.  The only thing that felt good going down was soup.  Noodles. And noodles in soup.So, yeah, pho became the go-to meal, and this place became one of my choice spots.Originally went out to the one in Queens way back when and that was decent, so I knew this spot had pedigree. It's not fancy, and it sure as heck isn't a "put-your-purse-down-on-the-floor" type of place.  That said, it's what you might expect of a Chinatown spot in terms of bare bones "decor" and super low priced home-cookin' meals.Noodles and soup were delivered just the way I liked 'em.  I even asked for no onions (but yes on the cilantro) and told them I didn't need any bean sprouts on the side, and they totally got that order right.Winner winner, noodles-and-soupy dinner.Around $8.50 for my meal, everything included.Note: The easiest way to get there (in my opinion) is to take the B/D to Grand St. and then walk west on Grand, then take a right on Mott. It's right there on that block. So, yeah, this is a little off the usual Chinatown beaten path for pho (*coughs "Baxter Street" coughs*), but I think it's well worth it.
<review# 1854,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2013,6/2/2013,239,414,6,12,8>CASH ONLY NO INDIVIDUAL SLICESI am SO happy that there's a Grimaldi's nearby.  If you're a tourist, you've probably heard that you MUST VISIT the Grimaldi's in Brooklyn....well, now you don't have to go so far AND you don't have to wait in line for 30+ minutes to try their delicious pizza!  We came here on a Saturday evening at 6:30pm and we were seated right away...This place is definitely filled with more "family" type customers but they are planning to have beer/alcohol served soon!Ordered the regular Large add Italian sausage with mushroom.  Huge pizza and total cost was $22!  SO AFFORDABLE.  I love the thin crust and the mozzarella and sauce is oozing to perfection.  I usually only eat two slices but I find myself eating 3.... sometimes FOUR slices which leaves me in the food coma stupor after wards but SO WORTH IT.This is a new location so they're still working out their quirks IE table seating to accommodate everyone comfortably, they are still waiting on their liquor license, they are adjusting to their clientele of little kids/families. BONUS: They have live piano and singing entertainment Saturday evenings!
<review# 1855,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2013,6/1/2013,1806,1048,5,17,6>1 Michelin StarI was not able to get a reservation for dinner time so I opted to test my luck by coming in at 9pm for bar seats.  The wait was about 20-25 minutes, which was not too bad at all.  Service was just as good and maybe even more personable at the bar.  We had a great bartender, who checked up on us regularly.  The place definitely gets crowded so try to make reservations way ahead of time!  The decor is woody and rustic, which gives it a more personal look to the venue.Ordered:1. Frog Legs With Pesto Gnocchi-  This was one of their specials for the night and boy that gnocchi melted right when it touched my tongue.  I loved the pesto sauce that complimented with the legs!2. Roasted Bone Marrow- 3 huge bones?!?! with delicious toasted baguette pieces and jam?!?!?  SO WORTH THE fat going into my body!  The biggest marrow dish I have had yet!3. The Black Label Burger- It looks simple but the prime, dry aged meat was so juicy, tender, and melts in your mouth.  I am not sure if it is worth the $26 BUT at least it was amazing meat!Drinks: 12 Y/O Macallan on the rocks and a Murray Sour with 12 Y/O Yamazaki whiskey... Delicious and gives you a kick!Definitely will be coming BACK!  Everything was delicious and definitely made me go to food heaven for the night.  Michelin-rated Kathy Approved!
<review# 1856,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2013,5/31/2013,286,1163,4,7,6>The fam and I came here to celebrate a friend's birthday and we were not disappointed. Cool vibe, friendly and quick service, and great music. We listened to Biggie and Method Man while savoring the yummy food and many drinks. Foodwise, the truffle mushroom pizza (as many others have stated) was one of the top items of the night. It was earthy and full of flavor. Truffle oil makes all things better. The BLT Guacamole though was a bit of a letdown. It was a bit bland and I wouldn't recommend this. For our entrees we had the truffle grilled cheese with the side of tomato soup. It was buttery and tasty, but maybe a bit on the small side. My friend had the lobster pot pie and was quite happy with it. We tested out dipping the grilled cheese in the lobster pot pie and it was perfection in each bite.  For the sides we got the truffle mac and cheese, the sweet potatoes with marshmallows and the truffle fries (we are truffle fans, obviously.) The mac and cheese was delicious and cheesy and the croutons were a nice touch. The sweet potatoes and truffle fries were just okay though, I wouldn't recommend them with all the other options available. For dessert we had the beignets and the smores by the suggestion of our waitress. Both were quite nice and they put a candle in for the birthday celebrant. The beignets were my favorite of the two and came with a dipping sauce reminiscent of maple syrup. Breakfast for dessert, I don't mind that! Great spot for dinner, I would recommend. It is quite pricey though for the menu so I don't know if I would need to come back, but I am glad I tried it at least once!
<review# 1857,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2013,5/30/2013,1135,197,8,13,12>I have now put together my ultimate favorite combo after dining in & taking out at least once a week here since I moved to the neighborhood...1) Bubble Tea (I like to keep it classic, Black Milk Tea)2) Basil Chicken w/ Special Hot Sauce on the side (Must request)3) Curry Puffs I promise you will score big with at least 1 of those 3 if not all. BRONXVILLE listen up! Dumpling & Noodle is the New Little Asian Hot Spot of the "hood". RUN don't WALK you fancy pants folks! The staff at Dumpling & Noodle rocksThe food at Dumpling & Noodle rocksThe bubble tea at Dumpling & Noodle rocksSeriously though, I think I am addicted to their Bubble Tea..it's a little like crack minus the crack part.  (wink)
<review# 1858,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2013,5/29/2013,385,701,11,13,11>I just gotta stop at Stew Leonard's when I am in the vicinity. The way FAO Schwartz is to kids is the way Stew Leonard's is to foodies. The store is not a typical grocery store. It is like a ride for foodies where we push a cart down a winding aisle. The layout is very Ikea-esque. There is only really one path but it takes you only one direction through the entire store. It is the strangest layout of a grocery store ever. It really is an amusement park ride but for foodies. There is also a lot of prepared food too. YUM. Makes me hungry just thinking about it. 3 lobster rolls for $15. Last time I went I found lamp chops for $5.99/lb. It was BEAUTIFUL! Totally should have gotten more. I can't wait until I go back to Stew Leonard's!
<review# 1859,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2013,5/28/2013,299,329,13,14,11>PDT may stand for Please Don't Tell, but it could also be an acronym for the following:Potent, Delicious Treats (try the PB Cup and the one w/ Momofuku cereal milk)Peaceful, Dark Tables (comfortable and limited to groups of 4-5)Partly Decorated by a Taxidermist (yep, look around...)Prices Do Terrify ($15 a pop, but worth it)Pass Da Tater Tots (order them - delicious!)Pretty Drunk Tonight (drinks are powerful; 2-3 should do it)Please don't tell me you think this place is any less than awesome. As my very first speakeasy experience, PDT holds a special spot in my heart.... and liver. I've taken many guests since I first came two years ago, and I've always had a wonderful time sampling incredibly inventive, strong, tasty cocktails in an unforgettable setting. Gather a couple friends and start dialing at 3 p.m. on the day you want to snag a reservation, and one of you will definitely get through. The little telephone booth entrance isn't a secret anymore, but it's still super cool and always exciting for an out-of-towner or first-timer. If you haven't checked it out yet, definitely add this place to your bucket list!
<review# 1860,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2013,5/27/2013,190,118,8,20,5>Where do I begin with my review on The Box???First of all: The Box  is a venue like no other. It is located in such an inconspicuous place,  that you would almost wonder if this is a club when you arrive. There is no name to be seen on the outside, but there is the velvet rope, and the doormen.. You walk in, past the supposed 'hard door', and find yourself in a different world.  The styling is downright amazingly done. You really feel like you're back in the mid 1920's. The floral wallpaper, the lighting, the cabaret girl swinging in a dreamy way in a hoop above the bar, and all the other artists performing their provocative acts: It all makes sense in a bizarre way. Think of the movie Cabaret, but then add a lot of crack to it, or something psychedelic, such as whatever those people were on in Requiem for a Dream, and you figured out how crazy the acts get here. I am from Amsterdam, and even I have been quite shocked by some of the things I saw going on here. Think of people having erotic acts where they end up drinking one anothers' urine. Or a wasted transvestite, performing an abortion with a coat hanger on top of a toilet on stage. You know? 'Stuff like that'. Watching the shows you see here is kind of similar to discovering the porn of your parents. It's disturbing, appalling, disgusting, but yet: You want to see this. I cannot find any other way to describe how I felt watching all of this. I waited till I had been to this place 3 times before I wrote this, because I felt like that would only be fair in terms of my judgment about it. They've really toned down how extreme the acts are. In a way that it almost became morally and ethically okay again. Last time, they 'only' stripped till they were naked at the end of the act. The weird thing that I realized is that now l kind of miss the sick things that people used to do here on stage. Crazy, I know.....  Another thing: Don't be surprised if you're washing your hands next to a transvestite in the restroom, and don't assume that every person that looks like they are part of an act, are actual performers. I found that out in an embarrassing way, by asking a transvestite if (s)he was going to perform and he stated 'no'. (S)he asked me if his dress looked okay on him. I replied, blushing: 'Yes, that polka dot dress looks lovely on you.' The crowd is an inner circle, in vogue kind of New York scene. Enough cool and good looking people to please you, including some models. Not too many tourists, and pretty much zero B&T. The music was really good every time I went. Think house/top 40/ hip hop mixture. Good stuff. Combine all of the above with a good atmosphere, et voila: Le Box.-Key to having fun at The Box: Having a table. That is the ideal situation so you can actually watch the acts without binoculars or standing on your toes, which is what happens if you stick to the bar area. This place gets packed.-Key to getting into The Box: Arrive on time. I suggest 11.30 or midnight. This way you don't have to get into an over packed joint, and you can easily settle down and warm up for the shows which start around 1 or 1.30  AM, enjoy the music, and even dance a little. Nice touch that they hand out complimentary popcorn. Bottom Line:  I am a fan of the Box. Yup. : )
<review# 1861,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2013,3/23/2014,343,542,24,17,17>Baby It's Cold Outside (Noodle and dumpling version)I really can't stay(Baby it's cold outside)I've got to go away(Baby it's cold outside)This luncheon has been(Been hoping that you'd drop in)So very delicious(Just order some more, perhaps a few more dishes)My mother will start to worry (Aren't you still hungry?)Father will be pacing the floor (Take a look at the simple décor) So really I'd better scurry (Please don't go, I know you're still hungry)Maybe finish the beef brisket soup noodle(You have my approval)The other patrons might begin to foam at the mouth(Baby, it's bad out there)Say, what's in this broth?(No cabs to be had out there)I wish I knew how(Your eyes are glowing now)To make these dumplings(The white noise of noodles thumping)I ought to say no, no, no (Mind if I give another offering?)At least I'm gonna say that I tried(Have another dumpling, maybe even fried)I really can't stay (Baby don't hold out)Ah, but it's cold outsideI've got to get home (Oh, baby, you'll freeze out there)Say, I'll have another order to go  (It's up to your knees out there)This soup noodle has been really hearty (Thrill you like yours spicy)Why don't you see (How can you do this thing to me?)
<review# 1862,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2014,3/22/2014,157,490,21,35,28>This restaurant is not for you.If your interest and experience in Thai food is limited to Pad Thai - this restaurant is not for you. If you only think of a stop light when it comes to Thai food (red, yellow, or green curries) - this restaurant is not for you.If you only eat Thai food on a dare or based on the number of peppers on the menu - this restaurant is not for youIf you judge a restaurant based on the drinks and not the food - this restaurant is not for you.If you're used to sharing large plates, and find small plates as offering "ridiculous portions" - this restaurant is not for you.If you judge restaurants serving ethnic food based on how well servers speak or don't speak English or their native language - this restaurant is not for you.If you find a meal tab of $ 30 pp as extravagant - this restaurant is not for you.But, if you want an authentic Thai meal, can handle spicy food, and want to appreciate nuances of flavor and texture without leaving Manhattan - Somtum Der is the best option you have. Showcasing Isan cuisine that is now all the rage when it comes to Thai restaurants in the city, at Somtum Der you can get some of the best Papaya salads (Som Tums) and fried chicken in Manhattan. Two versions of the Som Tum that I've liked at the restaurant include a version with egg (Thai Kai Kem) that cuts the burn of the chillies and a more complex one (som tum poo-plara) with fermented fish sauce and (hard to the point of being inedible) miniature crabs. The fried chicken (Sa Poak Kai Tod Der) consists of juicy thigh meat encased in a crisp shell sprinkled with fried garlic and accompanied by a mild chili sauce. It's not a dish to be shared, and one to be ordered time and again besting almost all interpretations of the dish in the city.  Should you be looking for something grilled as opposed to fried, skip the boring skewers in favor of the house special grilled marinated beef (Nue Rong Hai Der and Khao Ji). The spicy salads (larb) are also a strong suite and my favorite is the one with crunchy, grilled catfish with lime and fish sauces, dried chilies, and toasted ground rice. The rice and noodles dishes may not be the strongest feature, still for something different you can try the chef's signature wok-fried seafood suki.The range of flavors will ensure that your body movements are not limited to squirming and sweating uncomfortably at the spice level (though my lips did go numb after requesting one of the Papaya salads to be extra spicy), but in case you need to calm the taste buds end the meal with the Thai Tea Panna Cotta that comes with a small cup of condensed milk that needs to be drizzled over the dessert. While the Panna Cotta may occasionally lack the right texture, it's a fine way to end the meal with a light dessert -leaving you in the right mood to get back to yelp to rectify the injustice of an average 3.5 yelp rating. Somtum Der deserves better after doing its best to balance all the crappy Thai restaurants in the city that serve meals that range across the spectrum from "bland" to "pepper-heads only".
<review# 1863,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2014,3/21/2014,349,349,12,21,16>Eddie's is my main draw at the extensive network of shops and restaurants in the Concourse at Rockefeller Center.They purportedly "specialize" in a long list of services--soles, heels, custom dyeing, boot and handbag repair, zipper and lining repairs in leather apparel and shoe shines.  But any casual passerby or serious client at Eddie's knows that it is all about the shoe shine.  Five chairs.  Thirty-minute wait times.  Twenty-minute cleaning service.  An intense routine involving an array of polishes and rag cloths.  And service with a smile.  For a mere $2.50!!  I cannot cite a better bargain in the city.  A minimum wage assumption of $7.25 per hour would suggest a 20 minute upper bound for the shoe shine, and I think Eddie's is pushing the limit.  But then not all of the spoils end up with the shoe shine guys, so tip them liberally ... at least $3 or even $5.  No one works harder for their money than Eddie's team.With one's shoes taking a beating in the snow and cold, and given the relative comfort of the concourse in times of bad weather, Eddie's does experience a surge in business during the winter and, consequently, the wait times are longer.  But it is all worth it, assuming your shoe is worth the shine.
<review# 1864,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2013,3/20/2014,605,206,12,28,24>This is why I heart NY!  Steps away from the High Line., you'll be surprised to find this hidden gem of an installation; a converted Getty Gas Station that has been landscaped with rolling greens complete with humorous statues of sheep.On the corner you'll find that there are boards explaining the installation with staff to answer question. Come on down and be a part of the vibrant NY art scene!
<review# 1865,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2013,3/19/2014,259,936,6,13,9>Simply put, this was the best burger I ever had! A very cute new addition to The Village, Umami Burger was yummy burger for me and my brood.  We indulged in the following:Manly Burger - terrificCali Burger - YumChildren's burger - delishTruffle fries - outrageousRegular fries - delishFried Pickles - Yum Smushed potatoes - delishPickle platter - yumChocolate peanut butter ice cream sandwich - yumSalted Caramel Milk Shake - GreatMexican Coke - tastyThe service was great and the restaurant was very clean. All in all a great dining experience.
<review# 1866,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2014,3/18/2014,213,367,9,18,13>I've been saving this restaurant as a meaty reward for my boyfriend, who's been very good at eating his veggies.  In my mind, this is the quintessential "New York" restaurant.  There's a unique character to the fare (meat and beer and bicycles... oh my!), it's small and intimate, with a heated garden in colder weather, the playlist is a mish-mash of the greatest artists you've never heard of, and the service is absolutely top-notch.  It's a hidden gem in this neighborhood.The restaurant doesn't take reservations for small parties, but on a Friday night at 8pm, we only waited 10 minutes for two seats to open up.  We were seated at the communal table, where I rubbed elbows with my neighbors all night. Seating quarters are cramped. You've been warned!Bad news first: the restaurant was all out of Pig's Head, which was a bit disappointing since Yelpers rave about that dish (Looking at you, Xavier!). Good news: we ordered the Tandoori Lamb Belly, which looked so delectable when plated, everyone's eyes were focused on our food for a good 10 minutes.  The entree is designed to be consumed by two people, but I cannot fathom how two people could finish all that food.  The Lamb Belly is intensely rich and fatty.  One bite and you've pretty much filled up on your cholesterol and caloric intake for the day.  It comes with a side of watermelon chili lime salad.  The crisp flavor of the watermelon helped sooth the fattyness pooling up in my mouth.As for drinks, we paired the lamb with the Gouden Corolus Dark Ale upon our server's recommendation.  He knew his ish, because it was one of the tastiest beers I've had in a while.   The restaurant also sells the beer it serves, so I will be picking up some for at-home revelries.Now for the best news: Service is what bumps this to a 5 star review.  The staff is friendly, so welcoming, and so knowledgeable about the dishes, the beer pairings, and so forth.  It made my experience that much more enjoyable, and I'm definitely going to be a returning diner.PS. This would be a great spot for a gentlemen's chat over charcuterie and beer. In my mind, that's the male equivalent of a girls' gossip fest over cocktails and tapas.
<review# 1867,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2013,3/17/2014,190,154,9,17,13>This is one of those times when I actually DON'T want to review a place, because I'm selfish and don't want it to get crowded. But in the spirit of Yelpiness, and supporting local businesses that deserve to do well, here's my five star review for Louie and Chan:Intimate dining space, and bar area with views of the kitchen. Rich, dark ambiance and decor that feels prohibition era-esque. Friendly service, delicious drinks and amazing food.Dining highlights:-Kale salad-Fried artichokes-Squid ink pasta-Roasted artichoke pizza (special)-House made focaccia bread(-The lobster linguini special looked incredible, and ran out just before we arrived. I have faith it was on par with everything else, though we couldn't try it.)They also have a private dining room just next door, and a speakeasy downstairs (which I will be checking out this week).Chef Pasquale made our night even more enjoyable with his special attention and welcoming demeanor.Everything about Louie and Chan is wonderful. A great spot for drinks, dinner, a date or all of the above!
<review# 1868,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2014,3/16/2014,198,509,4,6,6>Food and service was excellent.  Taboon will definitely be a new go to spot for me.  All of the food we had was excellent.   The hummus is quite good and so is the schoog (though quite spicy).  We also enjoyed the octopus confit--the pickled salad underneath was noteworthy as well (even though that is not usually my thing).  They excel in seafood here:  my husband and I both ordered fish entrees and both were cooked perfectly and were quite flavorful and juicy.  The fluke special was delightful.  Dessert was also delicious.  We ordered the warm date cake and it was lovely.  Our waitress was great.  She was attentive but let us linger as long as we pleased.  She was also very helpful in helping us select wines that would pair well with the food.  My only complaints were that the portions are pretty small and this place is expensive!!!  This is one of, if not the most expensive dinner we've had in the neighborhood south of the Time Warner Center. We were shocked when we got the bill; however, the food was quite high quality and the experience was very pleasant so it was worth it in the end.
<review# 1869,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2013,3/15/2014,253,349,16,23,13>LORD JESUS!!  For my 300th Yelp review I am honored to share with my nine loyal yelp fans a very special place.  On an unassuming and incredibly character filled span of Orchard Street sits this little hole in the wall called Cheeky Sandwiches.  I suggest you stop whatever you are doing and run to Cheeky for the best chicken sandwich of your life! You think Chick-fil-A is the best? This chicken sandwich blows theirs out of the fucking water.  I will deconstruct the sandwich and then give you a few personal impressions: 1.  Incredible homemade biscuit placed on griddle (they also sell just the biscuit with jam in the mornings). 2.  Marinated chicken, breaded or floured, and then deep fried to order.3.  Red cabbage soaked in vinegar (this gives great texture and cuts the richness).4.  Cream based gravy put on top of the chicken.5.  Each element is thoughtful and delicious on its own, but put everything together and you are transported to a special place...umami heaven!6.  When I die (which may be soon, if I keep eating here), I want to be reincarnated as a kosher chicken (gots to keep it real) and then promptly slaughtered and made into a Cheeky chicken sandwich...THAT GOOD! 7.  Only $6 for the chicken sandwich and only a 5 min walk from my apt...bring on the morbid obesity, you don't scare me. 8.  Any place that does not serve diet soda, I generally despise, as this usually indicates the joint is run and frequented by annoying skinny hipsters...true, this place does not have diet bevs and is owned by a male model, but the people who run it are actually really nice and not obnoxious at all.9.  I have not even tried their po' boys yet!  10.  They have made to order beignets (3 for $1)...so basically, this short clip sums up my feelings about Cheeky Sandwiches:youtu.be/VztoDZm4Gzkand this clip too (nothing to do with this review, but it chokes me up every time):youtu.be/v6bD23vEigE
<review# 1870,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2013,3/14/2014,195,134,9,19,12>I'm really happy that a place I found through Yelp turned out to be great! Lots of faith in the community :).I went over to Keybar with two friends for happy hour one day, and I really enjoyed the place. The bar is located on the LES, but a bit northeast to get tons of foot traffic at 6 pm on a weekday and a bit hidden of a storefront to really standout (no outdoor seating area etc.). After finding the place, the first thing I noticed walking in was the size of the place - it was small, especially for the number of people inside. Although Keybar is dimly lit, it's easy to see the place is well decorated, and the layout made the sparse seating still useful.The most notable part of Keybar (at least for somebody like me) is the drinks; the happy hour menu at Keybar has a wider selection of beers than most bars' regular menu and a comparable selection of shots and mixed drinks to accompany them. While the prices don't appear to be great (beers range from $6-9), you've gotta be aware of the system at the bar before walking in. At Keybar, your happy hour drink is accompanied by a card with the amount you paid; a card can then be redeemed for a second drink of that price or lower. This system means two things that I love: the drinks are very cheap ($3-$4.50) and you're encouraged to drink more (I've had three, so...I've gotta get a fourth). $4.50 glasses of Chimay are a great deal/way to be seeing fuzzy early in the night. I'd definitely return to Keybar, and hopefully I'll be able to do so in the near future.
<review# 1871,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2011,9/6/2011,1231,1149,18,16,14>SUSHI OVERLOAD!!!I'm a HUGE fan of sushi. Basically anything raw like oysters, tuna and scallops. If it used to be alive and it's not cooked... I'll most likely be eating it. After watching a movie a friend of mine ended up near K-Town and sushi sounded really good. I've never been here so I was excited to try it out. The place is big and spacious and the variety of food seems to be endless.They have a HUGE assortment of rolls, sashimi and tartares. I'm the type of guy that only gets sushi and stays away from all the rice and noodles. You can have noodles any day, but great sushi isn't something you get everyday. I made a few trips to the sushi area and then made my way down to the hot bar where the meats and fried things are. I picked up a few things here and there, but I was still in "sushi mode". All in all the food was really good and I got my sushi fix. For dessert they have 3 types of ice cream. Green Tea, Mango and Red Bean. If you see my pic. I ended up getting the Green Tea and adding pieces of Green Tea cakes on top... REALLY GOOD!Things you will always see at this place:-The guy who has two plates and always asks for something that's NOT on the menu.-The Chinese guy who takes ALL the crab legs EVERYTIME you go and get some.-The Family of tourists.-The lady who takes a lot of food and doesn't even finish anything. Then goes back and gets more.
<review# 1872,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2011,9/5/2011,444,306,11,11,12>The next great thing to happen to the word "Flex" (the first was the Reggae song by Mad Cobra that I used to dance to in Middle School - ahhh, the good 'ol days)Anyway, it's extremely rare that my husband can't stop talking about a restaurant, and even more rare when he insists upon a speedy return; for that alone I would grant Flex Mussels the coveted 5 stars. But what sealed the deal is the fact that I thought it was really amazing, tooWe dropped in without a reservation and immediately found a nice table outside. Our waiter was possibly the most bubbly man I've ever encountered in my life: very energetic and knowledgeable - I dare say the rare specimen of restaurant staff that actually enjoys his job, or fakes it really well, like I used to - when I worked as a waitress, guys- JEEZ get your mind outta the gutter! Hubby ordered the Parma Mussels and I got the Bisque. My food philosophy when it comes to my marriage is what's his is mine, and what's mine is mine. I played the marriage card during our meal, reaching over the table so much to dip my bread into that parmigiana creamy goodness, that he finally just gave me his mussels and took mine (which were also amazing). He jumped the gun and ordered fries, thinking the mussels wouldn't be enough. The fries were good but we definitely didn't need them. But the topping on the freaking cake was the dessert ... what's better than whoopie pie? That would be DEEP FRIED WHOOPIE PIE, oozing with melted cream cheese and crusted with white chocolate cream. And because we're both fat bastards, we also got the The Flex Donut Collection, which allows you to select four donuts out of eight choices. If memory serves, we got the Cinnamon Sugar, The Salted Caramel, The Fluffernutter and the Chocolate. Do you know what heaven tastes like? That would be perfectly light donuts filled with gooey sweet fillings. I couldn't pick a favorite - one tasted better than the other.The only thing I wish was that there was some sort of flight option which would let you try three or four different types of mussels. There are simply too many that look amazing to not return to try each one. Oh the choices, the choices ...
<review# 1873,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2011,9/4/2011,1385,482,11,22,13>No, this isn't Panda Express.  It's the underground spot frequented by Chinese and Filipino locals deep in the heart of NYC Chinatown and, as it gained popularity, by celebrities and food television personalities like Anthony Bourdain.The restaurant itself is not much to look at.  The floors are greasy, the smell is a medley of fried food, raw seafood, and lysol, and the florescent lights are pretty obnoxious.  But the food, goodness gracious, is downright impressive.  I agree with Ken G. on this one.  Most of the items we ordered were well-seasoned, well-cooked, and authentic.  I'm normally not into saucy and overly savory dishes, Hop Kee's dishes work.  Fried items came out hot and crispy, sauced items were neither too creamy nor too salty.  Though the prices are on the higher side (cash only), they give you an enormous portion.  The won ton soup was particularly impressive.  Not the kind of soup I typically see.  This one is loaded with chunky slices of bbq pork, chicken,  duck, shrimp,  bok choy, straw mushrooms, bamboo shoots and, of course, giant wontons...more like 20% soup and 80% meat and stuffing.  Though the flavor was slightly bland for my liking, it was still soothing, warm, and refreshing.  This soup is definitely heavy (because it's "won ton"...get it?  womp, womp...corny, I know...).I also enjoyed the spicy beef with chili peppers...super tender beef.  But, honestly, I became fixated on the Cantonese style snails.  The sauce was wonderful and fun to eat.  I'm stopping short of five stars because some of the dishes fell short, like the salted pepper squid (not tender enough) and the Walnut Prawns (too creamy).  Overall though, I enjoyed my meal at Hop Kee and will definitely be back.
<review# 1874,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2011,9/3/2011,251,671,16,18,19>A dinner out with the family was long overdue, so we all decided to head over to "downtown" Flushing and check this place out. I've walked by here so many times...always peeking in and feeling intimidated by the lack of English signage and non-Chinese patrons. Of course my feelings intimidation were baseless since a) the menu is in English and b) it's usually a good thing when, well, Chinese people patronize a Chinese restaurant.* We got a table pretty painlessly, despite every seat being full when we arrived - good sign. Not so good a sign that we had to wait 20 mins for the appearance of our first dish, especially since diners seated after us were getting their meals. My grumbling tummy was in concert with my general grumbling to the family. But, as cliche as this sounds, the food was worth the wait. We shared the Spicy Squid Legs, Spicy Lamb, Garlic Eggplant, Lamb and Carrot Dumplings and a chicken dish that was all dried red chili peppers**, fried ginger and scallions with small morsels of fried chopped chicken wings. The waiter tried to convince us to go with all white meat on the latter dish - when confronted with our confused looks, he proposed a compromise of half white meat and half chicken wings. In the end a good call because while I like to crunch on bones as much as the next person (what? no bone crunching for you?!), respite in the form of chicken breast is a good thing. All dishes were so amazingly good - the squid legs with the schezuan peppercorns and thinly sliced celery, and the garlicky eggplant were my favorites. In fact, that eggplant was the best eggplant with garlic sauce I've ever had anywhere (so far) - it was sweet, savory; there was a wonderful caramelized texture on the eggplant that was oh so delicious. We cleaned our plates and left feeling full and content and really happy that we decided to come here. Confirmation for myself that Chinese cuisine is still my favorite. I'm a fan!*same goes for other ethnicity's... it's a sign that good food is being made at the restaurant. **do not attempt to eat the dried red chili peppers if you aren't a fan of heat. I tried being bold - I failed in my attempt. Thank jeebus for white rice!
<review# 1875,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2010,9/2/2011,646,1303,9,19,20>They serve up a delicious lobster well worth the trip to Red Hook to seek out.  A mere $15 will land you an authentic roll, a bag of Cape Cod potato chips, and a delicious pickle.  The roll itself is a hot dog bun fully toasted on the outside (presumably with the addition of butter) and sliced deeply along the top.  The slit holds tasty, massive chunks of lobster meat largely intact.  The meat is minimally dressed with a scant use of mayonnaise and, I think, a hit of paprika.  Celery shavings top this wonderful creation so as to provide a nice contrast of texture.  For a little extra, you can wash everything down with Maine Root Soda -- a must.  The place itself is separated into two distinct parts.  In the main section, you place your order.  The space is cramped and it is clearly set up for takeout orders.  Fortunately, you can have your meal next door in the other section.  There you will find several picnic tables in a nautical themed room.  It's very kickback, relaxed, with no hint of pretense.  Just a simple place to enjoy your summer food on a nice summer day.  Overall, their lobster roll is the real thing, just like you would find in the lobster shacks along the Maine coast.  The only place in the city with a roll of comparable quality is Luke's.  I really rate them equally.  They are both fantastic.4.5 stars
<review# 1876,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2011,9/1/2011,143,144,19,18,15>How many times have you had a situation like this?"Hey! I'm in town staying at the (blah blah bland Midtown hotel) and seeing (blah blah random show) at (blah blah blah o'clock)  - do you want to meet for a drink nearby?!"Um. No. No I don't. Not really. But I guess I'll be accommodating and try to find a decent place that isn't the Hard Rock Cafe. Yeah good luck with that. But with Bar Centrale, you're in luck! This is the perfect, quiet, cool place to meet your tourist friends without feeling it necessary to wear a trenchcoat and giant sunglasses. It's housed in an unmarked brownstone, so it has that "hidden" quality to it, but it's not difficult to find; the wine list is great and sold by the 1/4 liter (a great measure for one gigantic lush-approved serving, I must say); and the service is competent. A nice, mature place that's quiet enough for chatting and yet still has that artsy, theater crowd feel to it.
<review# 1877,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2011,8/31/2011,67,318,8,12,15>Friends, years of searching for a millefeuille and it seems as if my calls are being answered, this guy just opened up a placed called mille-feuille? Kind of a big deal.I finally made it down yesterday - a literal trek as we walked from Harlem to Wash Sq Park. I started with the triple vanilla. The filling, unfortunately, still boasts of custard, but it was very well done. Very smooth, light custard, unlike the pudding-like consistency found in other cursed versions I've tried. Very very good flavors, full of vanilla bean. He had a croissant, which was probably the best he's had in awhile. Having polished off the first one in exactly 3 minutes, I sat on my hands for exactly 40 seconds before I ordered the praline mille-feuille. It's a must. I thought it would've been too sweet, coming from NOLA. But it wasn't, great great flavors, the pastry was perfect too. We also tried a chocolate praline macaron, that was way too sweet. Loved the open kitchen. Hope he hears my calls again and makes a cream filling millefeuille. Merci en avance.
<review# 1878,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2011,8/29/2011,236,311,16,27,29>It's said that ginger and cinnamon are aphrodisiacs. Well, I don't know what it is but I knew I had to drink it just by breathing the intense aroma of cinnamon floating in the air. A fantastic mix with Tamarindo, reposado, pineapple, ginger liquor, d'aristi xtabentun (Maya liquor made of rum, fermented honey, and anise) finished with cinnamon and salt rim. Who would knew the night at Macondo would start with such a drink. My friend's mojito was very good too and we fully enjoyed it waiting at the bar for long time until the rest of our group arrived. A group of 20 when I first book the table, 10 the day before and that ended up being 13. Crazy. Inconsistent and late. Would you like us after this? they did. Apparently a lot. The service at Macondo was much better than expected. And I always expect good service at least. Go figure. Was it aphrodisiac as well? perhaps. With such variety of races, plenty to choose and good looking ... if it is, it goes on you. Choosing Macondo as destination is more about the whole experience than a breathtaking meal. The decoration is exotic, like a tropical forest with a Meatpacking district touch, mostly in the back area. That color changing ceiling that we requested to be purple gave such a character to our dinner. The food is meant to be shared and it focus on street food from all over Latin-America. But having chef Maximo Tejada behind, the guy born in Spain that claims his free style Latino cuisine in Macondo's sister restaurant, Rayuela, it can't be nothing ordinary at all. And in fact Tejada's style reminds me to Richard Sandoval, the guy behind Zengo, La Biblioteca and Maya, although while Sandoval's tendencies go to Asia, Tejada keep his fusion in Latino and Spanish.  Our main entrees were my least favorites. Although I liked the special of the day, halibut with polenta, the Pollo Gallego (roasted breast of chicken Galician style) was good enough but nothing memorable as you can tell for my lack of words. The Mofongo (mashed green plantain) De Pulpo (octopus) failed for me in both, flavor and execution, mostly in the last one as the pulpo was though, even difficult to eat. And the Asopao Santiago, a soupy version of paella as themselves described to us, wasn't something that I enjoyed much, mostly because it was too soupy and not in broth but in a sauce instead. But there was very good things. Like the pork belly. That unfortunately, I didn't have the chance to try, not even a small bite ... people . But you should order it. I enjoyed very much the Patatas Bravas, thick round slices of baked and fried potatoes with spicy chili mayo sauce. Being one of the most common tapas in Spain, Macondo's version is different because of the type of potatoes and the cut, and also the spice, spicy paprika for us while chili at Macondo. It was very good and satisfying for only $6. Another good dish was the camaron (shrimp) ceviche, with pineapple chunks and onion, cilantro and apparently there was ginger in the sauce which I didn't really notice. Having tried the ceviche at Desnuda and La Rayuela, Macondo's was nothing extraordinary and I would have like a bit more flavorful, mostly on the tangy side. But still, it was good, the shrimp were crunchy chunks of camaron for real, not those baby shrimps that can easily melt in a marinade like this. More suggestions, A La Lolita or mushroom croquettes with figs and almonds. I really liked everything about this dish. The crispiness of the fried balls, the sweetness on the sauce and the nuttiness of the flavorful Marcona almonds. I would also order again the Lasagna Escalivada, compose by roasted peppers, tomatoes, onions, eggplant, cabra (goat) cheese and garbanzo (chickpeas) puree. Another incursion of Spain as escalivada is a popular dish over there, although not in a lasagna format, neither mixed with cabra cheese that I found to be a wonderful idea. Don't expect a version of moussaka because is nothing to do with that but more like a salad instead. One last thing .. we also drank sangria, not the best I have had but not bad either, and paid only $25 per person. Besides the obvious meaning, cinnamon, ginger and all the others that you may have heard about to lust you (more ideas anyone? .. I kid)  can be simply and innocently? a "thing that cause excitement" and that is what Macondo could do with you. It happened to us. Nothing was breathtaking by his own but all all the elements acting together... had such an effect.
<review# 1879,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2011,8/28/2011,174,105,13,19,15>In my mind I'm a fairly adventurous eater - poached calf brains, roasted pigeon, kenkey (fermented corn dough from Ghana) - and while I won't disclose whether I finished (or enjoyed) any of the aforementioned, I have a deep and earnest excitement for cultural creativity, odd flavors and whatnot. However, I draw the line at certain key words. Perhaps this is a coastal thing, but invariably, most often in CA and NY, someone suggests: Contemporary. Fusion . Asian cuisine. Throw in a pseudo-celebrity figurehead chef and national tourist press...Dread IN MY HEART. Contemplate backing out of dinner. Chef Harold of Top Chef fame apparently still cooks, though he wasn't visible in the kitchen during our visit. Kin shop is his tribute to contemporary Thai which opened last year to raving (polarizing) reviews ranging from "Brilliant! Phenomenal flavors." to "Overpriced. I refuse to fall for the gimmicky goat trend." I fell for the gimmicky goat trend. The Massaman braised goat with purple yams and mustard greens was deliciously fatty, flavorful, fall off the bone - it was the favorite of the night. Other dishes passed the test: - A perfectly prepared roasted duck breast. Accompanied by the additively buttery roti, I could not stop eating this dish. The fresh herbs and green mango fulfilled the fruit/vegetable quota - hi mom! - The crispy oyster "salad" served with a garnish of celery in a minty chili-lime vinaigrette was absolutely delicious. The accompanying pork belly was criminally dry. Skip it:- Three diver sea scallops with snap peas, coconut, pea greens - A la carte shrimp skewers. Overly salt/spiced to numbness The first (and last) time I had 'reinterpreted Asian,' the kimchee was presented in a MoMA-worthy lacquer box, the cabbage leaves daintily weaved into a basket and bow tied with a thread of scallion, steamed and ice bathed into a neon green. Kin shop gratefully spared us of any Cirque du Soleil type dining theatrics and we left happy and sated. Four stars. The odd 6th Ave location makes a visit more suited for weeknights. Reservations recommended.
<review# 1880,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2011,8/27/2011,552,567,16,16,15>In New York, 'tis better to have loved, lost, and been taken to a DB franchise for pâté and apertifs, than to have never loved at all. Or, as I like to tell myself: don't get wooed and screwed with no Boulud to at-least about. BB is a very palatable Level 1 date. It's a mature and low-key wine bistro on a classy stretch of UWS costing, as my erstwhile companion correctly noted "about $8 too much to make into a regular spot". I suggest BB for their eroticaesque charcuterie menu only. It favors terrines: $10-$15 buys fascination-concepts like head cheese, Berkshire pork, and truffle-and-port-drizzled foie gras. Entrees were relatively medium-grade bistro staples running closer to $30 than $20. We finished with an ostentatious showpiece dessert-for-two ($25) that incorporated about four sweet varietals too many, and whose style (if not its substance) eclipsed the unmemorable mains. Take a break to explore the wine cellar dowstairs - it's beautiful, and it feels like a secret. The adjacent private (and unattended) dining rooms are handy for a daring French digestif - if you catch my drift. Not that I endorse that sort of thing, of course.
<review# 1881,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2010,2/25/2011,142,338,9,16,20>During daylight hours, it is a bit hard to see into this restaurant, and even identifying it is a bit difficult, as the Russian sign and "Elza Fancy Food, Corp." are not the best clues for non-Russian speakers. Don't be timid though, open the door and find the wonderful name of this place right on the top of the menus.The place is very nondescript, with plain peach walls, a very high-mounted HD television set playing Russian talk shows, and no decoration. Only Russian is heard within the confines, Korean women are in the kitchen, and Uzbek food is on the menu. Only in New York. Actually, it is not so hard to fathom with a little history lesson. Even today Koreans are immigrating to Uzbekistan since the country already has a sizable population since Koreans were forcibly deported here from Far East Russia back in the early 1900's.Needless to say, the food has many influences, with Korean and Russian brushes adding to the palate. The kaksu ($5.50) is a cold (surprise!) soup of lamb and pickled cucumbers. It was refreshing and crisp for a hot day, and made our order of the cucumbers side ($3.99/lb) unnecessary, as the tastes are the same.We were eager to dig into the delicious manti ($6.99), steamed lamb dumplings that are served with dill and a dollop of sour cream. We also could not resist the plov ($6.50), another staple of Uzbek cuisine. While the dish will never blow your mind, this version is very good with fatty meat chunks and lots of grease.The samsa ($2.50) also proved irresistible, despite not really having room for it. The flaky pastry feel apart nicely and was filled with the same delicious ground lamb that was found inside the manti.We were really all smiles after visiting your mother-in-law, and cannot wait to see her again on the next visit to Brighton Beach. The place exudes charm and friendliness, despite it's humble character, something you do not always get when in the vicinity of stone-faced Russians.
<review# 1882,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2011,2/24/2011,676,592,17,13,12>Chocolate on my fingers,     chocolate on my face;          chocolate on my sleeve,               chocolate all over the place!I would gladly lick chocolate off of just about anything - my spoon, the bowl, my friend's spoon, the table - it doesn't stand a chance against me!  After my friends and I had our fill of wings and drinks over at Wing Bar, we all had that feeling that something was missing; something to take the wing taste outta our mouths.  With my cat-like reflexes, I pulled my phone out and Yelped for places nearby and found this gem.  Slipping, sliding, and crunching over the ice and snow, we walked inside.  What's not to like about this place?!  The desserts are cute looking, just like the waitresses!  They almost gave me a cavity with their sweet smiles and wonderfully friendly and chatty demeanors.  Did I mention we got FREE cake samples?!  Do you not know how close friends me and FREE are?!  We are like PB&J!  Well, I loathe peanut butter, but we're tight and sh!t.Amongst us, we got the fondue for two for $14, the banana split with a twist on the banana which was hardened like a plantain clip, the brownie sundae, and the scoop and nibs.  All this was ~$54, which I gladly paid for.  I wasn't completely happy as to how tight the seating was, but that alone isn't enough to make you hesitate coming here.  I wish I had chocolate in my room now...damn.
<review# 1883,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2010,2/23/2011,153,123,10,27,16>I'm a bit sad that I'll be giving away one of the last restaurants in the area* that has yet to be discovered by non-Koreans, but good places deserve good reviews. They do serve your average bbq-- kalbi, bulgogi, samgyupsal-- but what makes this place special is their ssam bab. Ssam is basically when you make a wrap for yourself (for lack of a better description). The wraps are made from any kind of leafy greens-- not just the lettuce they serve at most Korean restaurants. At jumakgol, they give you a variety of greens-- different types of lettuce-- romaine, red oak leaf lettuce, bitter tango lettuce-- with sesame leaves, and other greens which I do not know English names for. It's served with your choice of meat or grilled fish. The grilled fish is toasted to perfection-- and when you sprinkle the juice of a lemon over it it gives it a nice zest on top of eliminating any negative fishiness that you might experience. They also give you denjang-jjigae (soup made with fermented soybeans) and ganden-jang (a really thick soup made with fermented soybeans). The latter is very savory and you use it flavor your ssams. This is the kind of food I grew up on, my mother being from the country. It's hearty, healthy and really really delicious. And my mother approves as well.----*Be aware, there are no English/picture menus.
<review# 1884,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2010,2/22/2011,611,712,13,19,19>Dill Fresca. Call me crazy, but this was my favorite part of my meal. It's basically my perfect cocktail. Summery, but not sweet. The Hendricks, St. Germain, Cucumber, Lime, Dill & soda combined to create Briana heaven. I wrapped my hands around the cocktail and smiled the biggest smile in the world. My family went here for Mother's Day, the day after the holiday. There were quite a few other moms there, but not one of them is as amazing or awesome as mine. Carlos and I split the burger and the mac and cheese, mom & little unlucky both ordered the burger, and my father ordered the half chicken over mashed potatoes with pan juice. I was VERY happy with the mac and cheese. Radiatore is such a good vehicle for this dish. My mom liked it too. After dinner I realized I should have just given her the whole bowl because it was Mother's Day. But I was positively high from the calories and richness, and did not think straight. I ordered the burger medium, much to the boyfriend's chagrin. It came to our table well. I was pretty pissed off about that, but it was still a good burger. I am kind of picky about these things. Maybe I'll try it again another time and order it medium rare. The cheddar and bacon that topped off the burger were awesome, and the whole thing was a, pleasant greasy mess. The fries were also out of this world. I'd definitely come back to try one of the special entrees. They were featuring some pastas that looked magnificent, including a pea canneloni. I was intrigued, but really wanted to get my meat and cheese on. Next time! Because I know there will be a next time.
<review# 1885,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2010,2/21/2011,1024,1118,24,11,12>I actually had to kill my mama after taking my first bite of the DP Creme Brulee doughnut...because slapping her just wasn't worthy of the most amazing doughnut I've ever eaten in my life!And the rest were all stellar!  PB&J...banana nut...carrot cake...tres leches...all splendid!  I gained a million pounds and still went back for more!I'm a mixed breed boy from the ghetto of Amish Country, PA(don't try to think on that too much :-) and I've never found any place that beat a homemade potato doughnut from back home.That's all been changed.  You have won my homage, DP.  I am yours.  Now.  Forever.  And always.
<review# 1886,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/25/2010,2/20/2011,804,1655,18,22,25>I am pretty lucky to live steps from this theatre. Lately, I have been going here more frequently to enjoy movies. And although the theatre only shows 4 films at a time, they always do an amazing job with their movie selection. Kudos to the movie curator. For $20, you will get a movie admission ($12), a small popcorn ($4) and a small soda ($4). Pretty good deal. For $20, you might be able to get a half-decent cocktail in Manhattan. And that's a big MAYBE.  I think the former is a better run for your money. This is why I love Brooklyn. You will have to put a gun to my head for me to move to Manhattan. LOL. I truly believe in the People's Republic of Brooklyn. There's no place in the world like Brooklyn. I love you Brooklyn.
<review# 1887,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2010,2/19/2011,381,1142,5,13,11>Okay, this is by far the best Middle Eastern restaurant I've ever eaten at in my life.  I almost wanted to weep that I had to return to my home in Manhattan because I know how far I am from my dear love Tanoreen.  I've tried so many Middle Eastern restaurants in my life (In the US only), and it's one of my favorite cuisines in the world, and this one is a cut above the rest.  Someone told me on yelp that the chef/owner is Palestinian if you want to know from what region in the Middle East.  Not only is everything moderately priced, but everything is also PLENTIFUL and tastes outstanding.I kinda had a hunch that this place would be great, but the moment I tried one of the appetizer specials, the hunch became reality.  I selected the mhammara appetizer which is not on the menu but was on the daily specials.  It looked like a heterogenous concoction of love.  I'm not exactly sure of all the constituents of this God-like substance, but I do know at least that it had red bell peppers, lemon, tanoreen spices, walnuts, and corn.  I was having the time of my life spreading this thing all over soft and crunchy pitas that they brought us.  For the entree, I had what I consider a quintessential barometer of the quality of a Middle Eastern establishment: the kafta platter.  When it came, I was nonplussed to tell you the truth because they were very generous on portion size.  The plate looked like a masterpiece.  The middle had the ground lamb, the rice, and the veggies, and the plate was surrounded on the perimeter by tabouleh.  The whole combination of side dishes and main entree hit the spot in a way no Manhattan restaurant has done to me yet.  I'm sick of walking around Manhattan and seeing such pretentious, elegant, and flamboyant foods.  When I came here, I felt like I wasn't being cheated at all--that I was just getting quality food that's all synchronized into a beautiful symphony, and at honest prices.  Also, the service is above reproach.  It was perfect, actually.  I called ahead to make reservations and when I arrived, they greeted me by name and continued to greet me by name until I left.  I really have no complaints.  It's my favorite Middle Eastern restaurant of all time and I can't wait to make visitors from out of town jealous :)  Now, I'm sharing my experience with all of you!
<review# 1888,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2010,2/18/2011,786,1284,14,18,20>BEST Vietnamese food in NYC! no joke. i like their menu a lot... mainly because it's not so predictable like most of the Vietnamese joints out here in New York. they have a lot of home-style entrees along with appetizers and platter you may not recognize and/or have ever heard of. the Pho? delicious! the noodles they use is slightly wider than most traditional Pho. i like that a lot. the broth is clean (not too oily) and seasoned well. the meat quality is pretty on point, too. the Seafood fried rice is awesome and you cannot pass the Banh Mi's!!! cheaper priced than some other Banh Mi shops... the quality here is top notch. there's rice cakes, cookies, Goi Cuon (summer rolls) and other snacks to purchase at the deli part of the restaurant. great for those who are on the go! the service is great. it would help if i spoke Vietnamese or Chinese... but luckily, i have friends that do! they are mostly women who work there and cook... and it's a nice environment. everyone is so nice and sweet. even if it's hot outside... i still crave for this place like a crack head. i love Thanh Da and am thankful for my friend Ting S. for introducing it to me! =D
<review# 1889,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2010,2/17/2011,476,542,13,36,30>I remember a summer of 20+ years ago, in Sicily. By the beach there was this guy who, every evening at sunset, would set up a table and make pizza on the spot, out of an oven that he made out of scrap construction bricks. There would only be pizza margherita, no other toppings, and only slices. I would eat a slice of this wonderful pizza while sitting by the sidewalk overlooking the sea, a Ceres in my hand, while watching the sun slowly sink in the sea, and thinking in amazement that Africa was the closest land, somewhere away on the horizon.I love pizza. Pizza is one of the simplest and most unpretentious things you can sink your teeth into. So why, oh, why is it so hard to find a half decent pizza in NYC?You've got to love the story behind this place: Mark Iacono opened Lucali to save the local candy store of his Carroll Gardens youth from becoming a Starbucks or Dunkin' Donuts. You can still see relics of the candy store hanging from the exposed brick walls. The space is large, simple, and welcoming, with a wonderful tin ceiling, and the pizza-making area right in the middle, on plain sight.As soon as our pizza arrived, I could already tell it was a winner. The smell was not only wonderful, but you could smell every singe ingredient distinctly: the basil, the milky mozzarella and, most of all, the tomato sauce. The crust is thin and crispy, as it should be, slightly charred and blistery, with a wonderful, simple taste. This pizza was so wonderfully delicious and simple that trying to describe it in more words would just be a disservice to Mark Iacono.We came here on a Saturday night at 7 pm, and there was a 45 minutes wait[1]. This pizza is well worth the wait. I can't wait to come back.BYOB and cash only.-----------------------------[1] I suggest to get a beer at nearby Abilene Bar while you wait: yelp.com/biz/abilene-bar…
<review# 1890,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2010,2/16/2011,1692,2894,15,20,13>I stumbled into this store as I was killing time before meeting a friend - and my first thoughts were seriously,"Did I just walk into heaven?"This store has an amazing selection of tons of food goodies. For bakers, cookers, and eaters alike, you're going to find an amazing option. They even have a whole shelf just of honey! They have prepared foods as well as the mere ingredients. Frozen, refrigerated, and room temperature'd supplies. If anything, you could just come for the experience - which includes some amazing smells. Or, you could be like me, and suddenly find yourself in the store for half an hour and leaving with $30 worth of great stuff.
<review# 1891,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2011,10/16/2011,217,107,20,12,11>As a fellow chosen person, I'm ashamed to say today was my first trip to Katz's. At first I thought Katz's Delicatessen was a Fancy Jewish Cafeteria.Fancy-    High Prices. A reuben, fries and coke is a hefty $25.00Jewish-    Pastrami, Lox, Knishes, Lower East Side.Cafeteria-    Wait in various lines with a pink ticket for a gruff man to slice some slabs of meat for you, throw it on a tray and find some open seating to scarf it down.Let's talk about the Jew Food. The Pastrami reuben is delicious. (A close runner up to my ultimate favorite, Hershel's Deli in Philly.) Chunks of melt in your mouth Pastrami that they microwave with Swiss. Place that on 2 pieces of rye with sauerkraut and russian dressing and you have yourself a Jewish masterpiece. Also a huge plus here- hot, thick and soft steak fries. The only slightly WAH WAH factor, is that with tax this meal was almost $30. But then again, I only could manage to eat half because the sandwiches are the size of a baby, so I got two meals for the price of one.I was expecting the staff to be curmudgeonly since this is an old staple of the LES. But actually, everyone was working hard in a laid back way despite the long lines. The busboys were constantly clearing off tables so there were always places to sit. So after gobbling the Pastrami Reuben, Katz's went from being a cafeteria to my personal food synagogue. From now on, I'm coming here to break bread.
<review# 1892,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2010,10/15/2011,513,164,10,16,8>New Park PizzaYou're The BestA Slice AboveAll The RestOk, so I'm no Elizabeth Barrett Browning. However, my poem is what NPP is: concise and simple. From the minute those glass take-out doors open, you can expect to see a steady stream of people in and out all day long. I love the fact that this place is a stone's throw from my apartment because it means cheap, quick, and easy eats until the wee hours but loathe it because as much as I could eat pizza every day, my jeans wouldn't let me. The slices are thick and are always fresh out of the oven due to the high turnover. No skimping on the toppings either, if you want a slice of pepperoni you're getting 5% of the pig.There's no salad, there's no beer, there's no pasta, there's no credit cards. Slices, soda and cash only.  Don't make the rookie mistake of even attempting to order anything else. My boyfriend tried to ask if they had garlic knots the first time he went in there and the reaction was similar to that of the man from the Pace commercials that told the cowboys he got his salsa from New York City.
<review# 1893,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2011,10/14/2011,315,285,10,19,19>Vesta feels like the idealized, more comfortable, more Queensy version of Dell'Anima in the West Village, which I mean as a high compliment.Romance is palpable, expectations are high. Votive reflections flicker against your friend's irises, making him/her more fascinating and compelling than moments before---and that's just the prelude.The menu immediately sends a small fire of dopamine to the conscientious diner's brain: Vesta only sources happy animals, and tries to feed you locally grown foods (and fermented grape juice) whenever possible.$18 for a half liter tasty light white wine (grown and aged down the road in Long Island) is a solid entree. Soft bread and olive oil appear quickly on a wood board. The bread is fresh but dries quickly, making it ideal for dipping into dairy-free asparagus soup dressed up with a poached egg.We shared the chicken leg/thigh nested among stewed black eyed peas, and orrechiette with artichokes and mushrooms, garnished heavily with parsley and earthy parmesan. Upon doing research, my suspicions were confirmed: the chef is Italian, and cooks with great love for food and diners alike. The owners grew up in Astoria, and wanted to open a place in the neighborhood that honors the local greenmarket. We were full after dinner, so we took the Baby Jesus cake home to have as a midnight snack. Best Decision Ever.
<review# 1894,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2011,10/13/2011,382,500,11,23,23>I am brimming with eco-friendly, sustainable love this morning and it's because of Ecopolis coffee.First of all, they make a goddamned awesome iced coffee. The kind that needs *nothing* added to it -- not milk, not sugar. It is perfection as is. A rare and fine breed, I bow before thee.The cafe helps support the non-profit Brooklyn Ecopolis housed in the building; the non-profit provides information on products and resources for energy efficient and sustainable living, promoting green lifestyle changes in the city.And they are super green! They have recycle bins and compost bins in the shop, serve up baked good's from City Bakery's Birdbath, sell Rishi Tea and coffee and beans from PT's Coffee Roastery. It ain't easy being green, but Ecopolis sure makes it look like it is.
<review# 1895,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2011,10/12/2011,732,444,,31,31>Last year I worked at a Veteran's Hospital, providing counseling for men and women who had recently returned from Iraq and Afghanistan and were suffering from PTSD, depression, and substance abuse. It was an incredibly intense experience. It also gave me a renewed appreciation for the men and women who serve in the military, what war looks like from an individual perspective, and how challenging it is to return to "real life" after living through a war. I have never had more respect than I do now for the men and women I served during my time at that hospital.Now it is midnight.I walk arm in arm with a friend to honor those who perished in the Vietnam War. It is an occasion for silence.Ice and snow crunch underfoot as we wind our way through the quiet streets. It is a welcome reprieve from the typical hustle and bustle of downtown NYC, which leaves little room to breathe, let alone to pay your respects.The pathway is lined with the names of veterans inscribed in steel plaques. The glass sculpture to which it leads stands tall, filled with a glowing, internal light. We stand in the snow and read the letters aloud. Letters from soldiers to mothers, brothers, wives, children, who they will never see again. I think about how history repeats itself. I stare at the perfect icicles that hang from the top of the monument and watch as they sparkle in the night light. I think about how lucky I am.If you have never been, it is worth a visit to see this beautiful sculpture, a testament to all of those who have served, and to remember them.
<review# 1896,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2011,10/11/2011,253,264,5,11,9>Coolness.  That's the best word I can use to describe this place.  The minimalist meets the American meets the goth.  The food was fantastic, and they serve an array of drinks (based on the large selection of alcohol behind the counter and mixology ingredients).The deviled eggs were amazing (be sure to get these if you like protein and eggs), not for the bacon shy though.  These eggs had bacon, an olive and maybe some olive oil on them. I LOVED them.  I also had the meatball sliders - look out meatball shop - these babies were delicious.  Sweet and spicy all at the same time and on a healthy little bun.I also found the atmosphere low-key, calming and open - all nice things to find in a city full madness.I'd like to find myself here again, trying more food and drink.
<review# 1897,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2011,10/10/2011,241,290,13,14,12>We celebrated my dad's 75th here!! We were a party of 9 that included 3 kids. The "Happy Tones" were playing on this rainy Sunday and they were in fact, quite unhappy looking. Every time they cranked out a tune my 2 yr old begged to go "back to car". Poor thing was terrified. The rest of us were loving it. Unfortunately we got stuck in the most unattractive room in the place. Old photos and vintage beer cans adorned the room, but it didn't substitute for the charm that it was lacking. The old wooden wrap around bar and beautiful wood doors and molding of the main room was where we should have been. No worries though, we had a great time. Oh, did I mention the beer? We had pitchers of a lighter beer, which then led to a darker one. Helpful, eh? Well, I don't know beers. I just know I don't like em, but this went down eaaaaasy :) Now as for the food, I started with a spinach salad with warm bacon dressing. Although the spinach was fresh and plentiful, it wasn't what I was expecting (It was large leafed and chewy) and I didn't care for the dressing which was kind of bacon-jelly like. The "traditional potato pancake with apple sauce and sour cream" appetizer, at $5.50 for 4 pancakes or $8.00 for 6 pancakes were THE best potato pancakes I've ever had. #It'strueDespite being someone who leans towards being a vegetarian I am no vegetarian when at Killmeyer's. The $15  "Bavarian Wurst Platter:bratwurst, knackwurst, weisswurst with red cabbage and sauerkraut" was my dinner. It was good. Not as good as in Deutschland, but well, we aren't in Deutschland now are we?
<review# 1898,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2011,10/9/2011,242,180,26,12,14>I think the American bubble tea industry is about to enter their second "Golden Age."Remember when we were high school punks and the coolest place to open was Sago? Remember when Taipan's bubble tea was actually passable? Remember when TenRen was top of the class?Bubble tea has changed. Innovative drinks, due to a combination of creativity and fresh ingredients, has revolutionized bubble tea, at least in Flushing. For all I know, this probably happened in Taiwan 19 years ago. Oh wait, it did...Share Tea has been established since 1992! One Hurricane Irene day, when I housed refugees Daniel B. and Calvin C., we decided to make a trek to Flushing because, as the old (my) axiom proved to be true, Chinese stores are open in any weather. We wanted some bubble tea but Kung Fu Tea was unfortunately closed. Feeling hopeless (and wet, as it was raining sideways), we turned around only to see Share Tea flash at us like the light at the end of the tunnel. And better yet was the free promotional upgrade to a large with any medium sized purchase.I ended up with the mango green tea with cream. The cashier said the cream was fresh made and assured me it wasn't like whipped cream, which I hate. She also taught me how to cut open the cup in order to drink the cream and green tea at the same time, since they didn't mix. The cream still packed a caloric punch, but it tasted rather light and delightfully fresh. I wouldn't get it again, unless I wanted to intentionally gain weight, but a sip of my buddies' taro and milk teas assured me this was a quality place.Also, this was one of the more interesting cashiers, as Linny F. said. She is bilingual, fluent in English and Chinese. She was also incredibly knowledgeable about the drinks and competent. And, of course, she was a cutie.So story time. My friend, Calvin C., is 100% Cantonese. He faked passing Mandarin Chinese in college by speaking Cantonese either very quickly or very slowly, whichever resulted in the better Mandarin accent. He tried to order a milk tea with tapioca, which they were out of and the conversation went like this:Calvin: "yibei zhenzhu naicha ..." (slowly this time)Cashier: "Sorry we ran out of bubbles."SHUT DOWN. DIDN'T EVEN GET A RESPONSE IN CHINESE. Sorry Calvin, but your Mandarin just doesn't fly in Flushing.
<review# 1899,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2011,10/8/2011,357,324,6,12,15>I tend to hold my dim sum eating to a high standard, and as such I usually look for places with lines out the door on a Sunday, then go there early when I want to eat. I guess in my time of doing this, I had neglected a place. A place that was in the middle of an alley, and which was oddly busy for a dim-sum place being that it was 7pm in the evening. Having a set menu was a great way to be introduced to this old-school spot, as it forced me to try a few new items, even though it meant I would miss out on a few standards of my ordering. Phil showed up with bottles of wine, and if there's any better way to make a lush happy, I don't know about it. Going back to the old-school nature of things, nothing says old-school better than red-checkered-cloth table tops, and coat and hat racks that look like they were scavenged from a vintage shop. Fact is, the closing of places like Nom Wah are what allows those kinds of things to make their way into vintage shops, being that the place hasn't changed a bit since the 1920s. Not that I know this for a fact, as I wasn't around then, but that's what I'm told.So, how was the food? In a word, great. Really great. There were some things that were a little subpar compared to others I've had elsewhere, and one that I just didn't really like, but overall this would be a great spot to take somebody for a late night craving.Oh, and I don't usually give out a tip like this, but...When you leave, head right out the door and two doors down there's a shop with a sign that says "Gold Flower Restaurant". It may look closed to you, but go in..Thank me in the morning.
<review# 1900,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2011,10/7/2011,553,249,24,26,25>Anyone who knows me knows I love marshmallow. It is my Kryptonite, my soft spot, my wet dreams, my weakness, and the key to my heart. I'm allergic to shellfish but if a menu read 'marshmallow incrusted crab' I'd order it and eat it on route to a hospital.So it's no surprise Sweet & Sara is my heaven!Sara's marshmallows are simply the most decedent you will ever have. And on top of that they are vegan, but don't let that description fool you.From regular vanilla, to toasted coconut covered, and even my favorite cinnamon pecan, which is infused with organic cinnamon and toped off with caramelized pecans. These little morsels are creamy, soft, flavored, irresistible pillows of nom nom nom! Perfect for baking, adding to hot chocolate, having as a simple snack or for making s'mores.  And speaking of s'mores, Sweet & Sara went and one-upped that wonderful creation.  Their Peanut Butter Smores are a little peice of ah-mazing in your mouth! With a sweet layer of smooth peanut butter atop a yummy graham cracker cookie which of course sits under their fluffy marshmallow goodness and wait for it......all covered in a decadent layer of Belgian dark chocolate.May I also suggest their biscotti and macaroons that way there are more marshmallows for me!
<review# 1901,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2008,5/17/2008,138,146,12,16,18>I was strolling past here one afternoon and the silvertone corset-style choker in the window caught my eye; thick, curved silver with leather cross ties in the back. Wolf's huge dog is very friendly, and will greet you happily as you descend the stairs into this small basement shop.Fortunately for my wallet, I'm allergic to silver, which is by leaps and bounds the primary metal Wolf works with. He handmade all of the jewelry and accoutrements in his store, and everything is unique and stunning without losing its innate simplicity. Hammered silver rings, finely etched cicadas eerily lifelike in their realness, studded silver arm protectors (in case you anticipate an old-school battle or perhaps an upcoming Ren Fair)...there's a bit of everything, though as said, almost all his stuff is silver. I spoke with him at length, though, and he told me he'd happily work in other metals, such as white gold and bronze.When I win the lotto, I plan to have Wolf make me several matching sets of jewelery in pure rhodium. I'd be able to bridge the ancient and modern worlds perfectly; something I long to do and yet never quite seem able to accomplish.
<review# 1902,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2008,5/15/2008,59,7,20,18,25>How far back can I yelp?Date: October 2001Time: LunchPlace: Daniel's on the Upper East SideCharacters:  A Group of older, mature, wealthy Park Avenue socialites, all garden club friends. A random girl I just met a few weeks ago but am crashing at her parents house and an 18 years old Allison. Okay, she was not that random, she was in my unit, a fellow Marine. Why she ever enlisted with all the money her family has is beyond me but this review is about Daniel, not her.How it all started:""Dudette my grandmother and her garden club friends invited me out to lunch and I am soo not doing this alone. You are coming with me" Free food. I was down.I went shopping specifically for this restaurant. Thought I looked sharp in a pair of black pants and a nice button down shirt from no other but Forever 21. No Miuccia Prada for me, not yet. I had a seafood dish. I believe it was sea bass. It was quite tasty.The crowd was older. Looked very Bold and the Beautiful-ish. Was I in a soap opera? Nope, just lunch with the ladies from the Upper East Side.The waiter was adorable. A french boy that we were both crushing over through out the entire meal. We got his digits. We never called.Highlight of the entire afternoon was that I was able to drink. They  do not card. Left the restaurant with a nice buzz. Exactly what one needed after an 72 hour work shift.Daniel, you were my first real restaurant experience in New York City. For that you forever have a place in my heart.
<review# 1903,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2007,5/14/2008,104,216,21,21,22>"Do you have iced coffee?" the girl next to me asked."No. We don't have ice, " came the reply."Do you have flavored coffee?" she countered."No. Sorry."My inner cynic chuckled with some irrational glee at the thought of a coffee drinker getting refused caffeination."Can I get a large genmai matcha to go?" I asked."Sure." And that was it. $2.90 for my roasted brown rice green tea. For years we tea drinkers have been marginalized by the coffee drinking masses. Every two blocks you can get a high maintenance"Grande extra-shot caramel soy hazelnut frappa-crappa-cino" but when it came to tea it was Black, Green or Herbal. "What type of herbal?" always received strange glances. Well, OF COURSE, it was that magical herbal tea that might be chamomile one day, mint the next... covered in dust, located behind the crappa-cino machine.But marginalized no more. This tiny store smells like cakes, and has a ton of teas to boot. What the hell is "NYC Breakfast" tea? Shit if I know... (I always thought NYC breakfast was left-over Chinese food, but I doubt that is the case here.) They've got a couple kinks to work out... tip jar on the side where no one stands... milk hidden in the corner. But for $3 I felt I like the tea drinkers of the world had made one more step in a coffee drinkers' society.
<review# 1904,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2008,5/11/2008,71,376,9,13,14>This past Monday, my college buddy and I ended up at Sakagura after we couldn't get reservations at Nobu (at a decent hour) and Paper Moon.. was apparently no more - both places I've never been to. A lot of effort just to eat.. however our back up back up plan, Sakagura, turned out to be a real gem.Sakagura is hidden in the depths of a non-descript office building off 43rd St., a short jaunt from work. Upon first entrance, you start off by walking down a brightly lit white corridor, turn the corner through some seemingly random door, down a flight of sketchy stairs, and enter magnificent Sakagura. First thing my friend told me, "Hey, check out the bathrooms". Uh.. ok. They're shaped like large wooden sake fermentation vats! Seriously, if the bathrooms are inspired by sake, you know they're not playing around.The restaurant is gorgeous. It was like running through a forest and stumbling into the secret village of the elves in the most unlikely place. Tables are set inside wooden building facades, as if you are looking down an old village neighborhood. At the center, a long sake bar decked out in sake you haven't even dreamed of yet.We were seated immediately. Our hostess was quite friendly and chatty. The extensive sake list was a bit overwhelming, largely because it was very detailed and much of it written in Japanese. It took us awhile to figure out the various menus. I must admit, in the end, my friend chatted directly with the waitress in Japanese and ordered everything for us. My only input, "Go for it. I'll try anything".. famous last words?For drinks, my friend had the plum wine. It was golden and tasted sweet, almost like a muscadel. I had a tasting sake sampler which featured two super premium and one regular sake shots set on a little tray. You could really note the stark changes in smoothness and taste between the three tastings.As for the food, I can only describe. The first dish was spinach with sesame and a little brown sugar. Honestly, the sesame and brown sugar reminded me of a Korean songpyun, only with spinach. The waitress brought out a salad of lettuce, tomatoes, and soft tofu next. It seemed more like a palate cleanser. There wasn't much flavor going on, even with the dressing. Next up, chicken! Fried to Japanese perfection that is. The skin was crisp and a rich tawny brown color. The flesh was warm and succulent. One of my favorites. Then on the waitress' recommendation, we had shrimp wrapped in fried flour skins (mandu wrap?). The dipping sauce seemed to consist of miso sauce with a little hot pepper paste mixed in. Warm and crispy with a sweet and spicy dipping sauce. Definitely can't go wrong there. Our shrimp wraps were followed up with a bowl of sweet sauce. In the middle, a piece of pork sat marinating, the meat and fat still clinging together in a delicate little square. The rich fat imbued the whole dish, but didn't leave a greasy film upon tasting. It was a little sweet and a lot savory with the meat falling apart with the slightest effort. As a finale, the waitress brought a tuna tartar, half covered in cavier and the other half flying fish roe with yuzu. The tuna was fresh and clean tasting. I expected the cavier to make the dish a bit salty, but it wasn't at all. The yuzu I couldn't really taste until I let the flying fish roe roll around my tongue a bit and then the citrus taste just popped in a bold way that said "Hey! I was here the entire time".Dessert: We ordered two, a Black Sesame Creme Brulee served with ice cream and a black sesame wafer and a Chocolate Souffle' served with raspberry sauce and vanilla ice cream. The Chocolate Souffle' was hot to the touch and steamed when the spoon broke through the decadent, chocolately surface. Rich, vibrant, chocolate! The ice cream was a great balance, cool and calming. As for the Creme Brulee, I've never met a creme brulee I didn't like. The black sesame was an interesting take. A more modest sweetness with a sugary crunchiness. Very good.Overall, the food was a bit sweeter than normal from what I understand. Still, it was pretty good and each dish was beautifully presented.Just like when wandering into a fairy tale village, it is quite easy to lose track of time in underground Sakagura. We started dinner at 7:30pm and I still ended up missing my 1am bus back home. (I hate it when I do that..) But, there's an intangible comfort in talking and catching up with an old friend at a place like Sakagura.review 4/17/2008I.M.Y.
<review# 1905,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2007,5/10/2008,139,311,6,9,10>Although $11 for brunch is a bit expensive if you take into the fact that coffee and/or orange juice (or something alcoholic) is not included with your meal **this either changed or I was mistaken., Chevella's makes sure your food is worth every penny. My french toast was so delicious on its own that I didn't need to use the syrup they provided (a lovely bottle with dried jalapenos inside- no aunt jemima here). It rested on a huge fruit salad which included banana, papaya, pineapple, kiwi among other tropical fruit. I could only eat two out of the four pieces and enjoyed the rest of the french toast and fruit salad over the course of the next two days.  Since then I've fallen in love with their aguacate and milanesa sandwiches... they are absolutely incredible. The decor is very simple. It's very tiny, but extremely homey. I almost don't want to write such a positive review because I'm afraid of sacrificing Prospect Heights' best restaurant to the hungry masses. At least if I'm not able to get a table, I finally have a place to order awesome take ou! I have since moved to Williamsburg, but sometimes I trek back to Prospect Heights (well, the Prospect Heights/Crown Heights border) JUST for Chavella's food. When I get a craving for their food it can't be ignored.
<review# 1906,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2007,5/8/2008,70,88,17,15,17>I want to try to redeem this place a little because only one person has given it 4 stars.  Everyone's all "Oh, the food is yummy and it's so cute inside THREE STARS" which is pretty inconguous to me.  Three stars, in my eyes, means "Blech, don't bother."This place is a block from my apartment, so I come here on Saturdays sometimes so that when people ask me what I did all day, I can say "Sat around playing video games, but I did get out of the house for a while"  (because walking a block clearly makes me less of a lazy fatass.)Anyway, I like it here.  Yeah, the service is supremely bad, but the sweet potato fries are good, and they've got this barbeque chicken salad thing that always does it for me.  Good lemonade, too.All in all, it's a solid restaurant that's been consistently satisfying to me as long as I've got sufficient time that the neglectful wait staff doesn't stress me out.
<review# 1907,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2008,5/7/2008,3042,749,15,22,17>Be a naughty girl at the Strip House - Have some Steak!Came here with a group of friends several weeks ago and have to say the service was impeccable, the steak was cooked to perfection, the veggies were just right, and the wine was delicious.Would come back here any day of the week. Great for groups, business, events, and romantic evenings. Definitely a destination worth visiting if you're in the city - even if you're coming fro out of town.Date Rating: 7Pick up Scale: 3Strong Suggestions: Order a little bit of everything and share.
<review# 1908,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2007,5/6/2008,233,176,14,25,29>It's a crisp Friday morning, and King and I hold hands as we quietly walk towards Claude's patisserie. The air whistles past our ears, inspiring fragments of forgotten tunes and quiet promises ahead. The wind sweeps hard like slaps against our faces, but palm-in-palm, we exchange warmth that's reassuring. We reach the bakery, a safe haven in a side street of the West Village. The buttery aroma instantly seeps into the senses. It's early and the few, small tables are empty. I choose to sit by the window, and as I hang my coat on my chair, I gaze at the empty streets outside while taking in King's reflection on the window. I see him look back at me  smiling as he approaches the infamously testy Claude. But--as if in sync with the warmth of pastries and hearts--Claude and his temper seem to fade for once into the background. King emerges in the forefront instead, as I turn away from the cold glass and look up at him. He places coffee, two croissants, and an unfamiliar, rectangular dessert in front of me and then he sits down. He is watching me now with that smirk in his eyes as he leans his back against the window. I smile, nervous, excited, and feel the warmth of the coffee tingling my nose. My glance escapes and falls onto the flakes of the crispy croissants. They look enticing, and I soon I discover the taste to be equal. The chocolate croissant sinks under my teeth; its sweet lump of chocolate liquefies on the tongue. And suddenly, it feels like we're not in a small bakery in a cold New York winter, but on the set of a French romance, sharing croissants in springtime. King notes the change in my demeanor and offers me more chocolate-filled croissants, more bittersweet coffee, more promises filled with longing. It all seems captivating, but I remind myself to remain disciplined, to deny myself the temptation and work with what I have. So I suffice myself with the exceptional croissant I've just had, and he pushes the mystery cake that he now calls "Espresso Mousse Napoleon" toward me.Its caramelized crust is hard to break into, and the creamy layer beneath does not bend at my will.  King suggests we let it sit before we try it. And why not? We have all the time in the world. So we sit there waiting, conversing, as sleepy-eyed passersby now watch us from the outside: two open-hearted people enjoying each other's company, untouched by the outside world, unscathed by the fact that it's Friday, the last workday of the week. I glance outside the window just in time to catch a glimpse of a pair of eyes, longing for time to cease for him so that he, too, can come in  and share a warm croissant, a thought, a sip, a feeling. But today, he must keep walking. Today, he's not the lucky one; we are. We are the ones who sit at Claude's, partaking in his delicacies, warming our hands, hearts, and palates. By now, I've raised the little cake and placed it on my coffee cup. Its cream has softened, its form has become pliable, and even the coffee is still steaming. Each bite of cake melts in the mouth, but the thin layer of caramel shatters like icy glass against the teeth. This taste is tougher to process than that of the croissants: It still offers placating sweetness, yet takes a battle to smoothen and swallow. This taste lingers. This taste is the one that filters through the fluffy, buttery flakes and sweet chocolate of the croissants, and pierces through the stuff that Claude is made of. The coffee washes over it in an instant, and soon, King and I stand up to leave. Hours have passed by now, and we walk out in the cold again. We still hold hands, and as we leave the French romance and enter the real world again, we take with us all of the tastes, our warmth, and flavors of the morning.And though we don't quite know it now, later we'll play the memory back, and we'll remember it as bittersweet as if it were today. A taste of something sweet lingers in the heart long after it has touched it.
<review# 1909,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2008,5/5/2008,411,242,51,35,47>Listen up boys!!!There are three types of dinner-date womenTYPE #1:  The Gormadizing Eater.  She saves money by only eating when she's on a date.  Generally she'll accept a dinner invitation from anyone.  From Gavin Newsom to Flavor Flav, as long as you're paying she's there.  It doesn't matter where you go or what's being served--- with this chick, quantity is key.TYPE #2:  The Date Nibbler.  She's timid or even apathetic in the ordering process and often orders a salad, which the baby-voiced chick probably won't even finish.TYPE #3:  The Normal Woman:  Although rare, these unicorns do exist.  She is excited by choices and flavor.  She has the grace not to pig out (well, in front of date).  She is much more interested in quality than quantity.Type #3 would really enjoy Apropos Cafe.  It's charming and romantic.  The menu standouts are the salads and bruschetta offerings, oh and the desserts.  The wine list is decent also.
<review# 1910,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2008,5/4/2008,125,306,28,17,18>Okay so this is my 100th review. That means I have written 99 reviews before this. Which makes this review, about the Museum of Sex, my 100th review. Now we're all on the same page. Good.Does this place ACTUALLY deserve four stars? Maybe not, but I left MoSex having accomplished several things: I watched robot sex, saw interesting foreign objects used as sex toys, became intrigued with a sex couch that enables me to have acrobatic intercourse, I publicly watched porn (cat's out of the bag, guys) of many eras, I confess I left very aroused (I really recommend going with someone you're having sex with, you'll want to do it... ), but most importantly I actually felt uncomfortable at times. Me. Uncomfortable. About sex. Oh yea and I fondled and um... other things with a mock woman. THE SIGN TOLD ME TO DO IT. But those did not feel like breasts and her uh.. lady parts? No, that felt fake too. Regardless, there I was, in the middle of the museum, having my way with a lifesize imitation. With my friends watching me. I frequently found myself with my mouth agape, seeing things that I didn't expect to see. Their current exhibition is still Sex and the Moving Image which, as Stefanie M. said best, is porn over the years. The earliest porns didn't make it look like the woman was having all that much fun, but as the years went by the women seemed to get more... into it you could say. It got downright filthy at points.OH AND HOW COULD I FORGET?!If you haven't seen One Night in Paris or the Pam and Tommy Lee sex tape, HERE'S YOUR CHANCE. I was not impressed with the oral skills of Paris, she seemed to be more focused on playing for the camera than anything else, but... well you can see for yourself. As for Pam Anderson, uh... you go girl. The museum itself isn't very big, you might leave a little disappointed, but it's a fun thing to do on a Saturday. I really enjoyed myself.Later that night.Edit: I completely forgot to add that during my fondling of said breasts, I attacked an innocent (male) bystander and made him confirm that boobs do NOT feel that way. This was not to mock him or make him feel uncomfortable, it's just that I had to confirm that I had perfectly normal HUMAN boobies. I DO! YAY!
<review# 1911,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2011,3/8/2011,521,449,28,23,25>This little white boy went to Harlem,This little white boy had a feast,This little white boy had wingies,This little white boy had ribs,And this little white boy left...In a food coma all the way home...Wasn't that adorable? Now, onto man things! Because Dinosaur Bar-B-Que is about as manly as it gets when it comes to gorging on giant slabs of meaty goodness that would make Fred Flintstone cry like a little girl. Throw in some kitschy roadhouse decor, a few buckets of Pabst Blue Ribbon and Schlitz, not to mention Smart Alec waitresses, and you've got yourself a recipe for quite the night of dry-rubbed and slow-pit smoked over-indulgence.For as fall-off-the-bone, finger-lickin' good as the Bar-B-Que Pork Ribs may have been, the real winners, in my opinion, were the small plates and sides. The Wango Tango Jumbo BBQ Chicken Wings were dripping with tangy flavor, even if they were a bit too jumbo for my liking. The Fried Green Tomatoes, topped with Pecorino Romano cheese and served with a cayenne buttermilk ranch dressing, were crazy, off-the-charts delicious. And I could barely contain myself when it came to the outstanding Bar-B-Que Beans with Pork. And I don't even like baked beans. I can only imagine what other treasures on this menu I didn't have the stomach capacity to try.Our server was quite the seasoned professional. Despite a packed house, she was so attentive and on-point you'd think we were the only table there. The hostess stand, however, was another story. Even with reservations, we were forced to wait forty-five minutes beyond our scheduled time due to what seemed like utter confusion on their part. Still, we couldn't have been happier once finally seated, and in the end, this Upstate off-shoot lived up to its reputation - big, brash barbecue of carnivorous proportions.
<review# 1912,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2010,3/7/2011,119,442,6,24,9>Eye lash extensions or eye lash perm?I've tried both and without a doubt  - getting a perm is the way to go.  With a perm, you don't need to worry about lashes falling out, filling in the opening nor avoiding the eye area when you wash your face.STEP ONEKiki is quick on email and you can schedule your appointment with her flexible schedule. You don't need to do anything to prep for the perm.STEP TWOYes, it is a long walk down the hallway.  I can see how it might be spooky - however, I went during working hours and all the offices were open, so I did not find it spooky.  The room isn't marked when you get off the elevator, in fact the room number says it is another business, but don't worry, it is at the end of the hall.STEP THREEPick out which style you want.  Style "I" is dramatic and kinda stands the eye lashes straight up.  Style "C" is curly and ideal for everyone, regardless of the length of your lashes.  Style "J" is more straight forward with a slight angle upwards.STEP FOURYou rest on the treatment bed and your eye lids are tape up to reach the base of the eye lashes.  Glue is applied and your chosen style "curler" is applied.  Another pad is placed on your lower eye.STEP FIVEThe lashes are glued to the "curler" and the perm solution is applied.  The wait time is about 15 minutes.STEP SIXThe perm solution is removed and a conditioner solution is applied.  Another 15 minutes.STEP SEVENThe conditioner solution is removed and the lashes are removed from the "curler."   The glue is wiped off and your lashes are now done.STEP EIGHTA clear solution is applied to seal the perm - and whoa.... you're batting your eyelashes every moment you can.My one advise is for those that wear contacts, take rewetting drops with you to rinse your contacts or bring a container to take them out.   When I finally opened my eyes, everything was a blur and it took 10 minutes for my contacts to flush out and see clearly again.  When I could finally see again - I saw how beautiful my lashes turned out.  I will be returning again and am already a huge fan of eye lash perm!ps..bring your headset and listen to some musicpps..ask Kiki about happy hour rates
<review# 1913,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2010,3/6/2011,253,439,15,8,7>La Biblioteca, with its dark and elegant atmosphere, makes me feel like I'm the guy from those Dos Equis commercials.  I recently grabbed an apre-work drink with an old friend at this swanky, sexy tequila bar, located underneath the fusion restaurant Zengo. As I slurped my tequila sno-cones - which come in hibiscus, tamarindo and strawberry - I realized that yes indeed, I am the Most Interesting Guy in the World....So cool I'm Derek Jeter's entire fantasy team. So in control that when Tony Danza asks who's the boss, he instantly gets a text msg with my photo on it. And so brave that I once swam across the Panama Canal, while I was in the Nicaragua....
<review# 1914,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2010,3/5/2011,215,192,16,15,10>In life, there are some truths that can't be disputed, chief among them is the only one we're concerned with for this review:Drunk pizza is ALWAYS a good idea.First, a little back story.Once upon a time, in a far away village called Boston, I went to visit friends for a weekend. Whenever I leave New York, it's a vacation. So I go BIG. After riding a bus all day and only eating pretzels, I disembarked in Beantown and went straight to a bar. And then another. And then another. And then another until it all blurred together. I became SO inebriated that later, when we went to get pizza, just the thought of having to handle a slice was enough to turn me off from ordering one. So I went home, wasties, my stomach on E for empty.I think you can guess what happened the next day: I puked my guts out. I felt sick all day. I hated my life. I cursed my poor decision making.However, because I never really learn from my mistakes, I went out again the same night.* I went to a bar. And then another. And then another. And then another until it all blurred together.But this time! This time I ordered a slice of pizza. I ate its cheesy goodness with delight. I went home, wasties, my stomach on F for full.The next day? I felt amazing. As if I was Helen Keller and pizza was my miracle worker.**This is a long way of saying: Pizza Park is my new go-to place when I want drunk pizza on my way home. Their pizza is delicious--if a little pricey depending on what kind of slice you're getting. I've gone pretty late at night before, when their selection is less than stellar. I got a garlic knot to make up for the lousy cheese slice I was getting, and you know what? They gave me another one . . . fo' FREE!Bless you, PP. I've woken up sober so many times because of you. It's a weird feeling I'm getting used to.__________* See? Poor decision making skills.** Is that right?
<review# 1915,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2010,3/4/2011,553,249,22,34,35>Fall is declining. The crisp cool air blows through my hair.... warm rays of sun beat down on my face. We find ourselves in the Bronx's. Outdoors and in awe.This is Wave Hill, and this is a mini escape.(an adventure)There is a calmness all around, yet one can see the city in the distance, as if we are hiding from our life...or maybe just playing a quick game of hide-and-go-seek. The Reds, Oranges, Browns, and Yellows of Fall sweep around my feet as if to ask why I haven't been here before. The various gardens are full of wonders, and yet beautiful and poignant plants that have died off from the chill in the air. We ask each other what it must be like in full summer bloom. (another adventure perhaps)We wander.We sit.We take in the glories in front of us.And for a moment forget our troubles.We wined up and down the woodland trails on our quest for nothing in particular.We explore the gallery.AndWe just ARE.On a classic yelp note the Wave Hill café serves up light snacks and a Sunday brunch buffet. We sat on the outdoor patio sipping on apple cedar soup with homemade bagel chips relishing in each other's company and the beautiful backdrop...our host for the afternoon.A wonderful afternoon escapade in the Bronx's.....who knew.Wave Hill: $8 for alittle slice of outdoor bliss...
<review# 1916,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2011,3/3/2011,382,500,30,28,25>The Marquis de Sade wrote : "It is always by way of pain one arrives at pleasure." I'm pretty sure he was talking about reflexology massage, right?I like it hard and deep, when I'm dealing with my muscles. When I go for a massage I tell my old soccer injuries: come here, you; I am going to GIVE IT TO YOU.I play rough and end up breaking myself, even in my old age with sports played in air-conditioned gyms and not on fields, so no wussy Swedish massage will do. I need the red-level pain that comes with the reflexology massage here at La Peau. They'll first do 20 minutes of shoulder/neck/back if you like, then spend the rest of the hour on your legs and feet.And it hurts so good.I would recommend getting one of the men, since they provide an unparalleled level of pain, but I had one of the women today and, let me tell you, the petite grandmotherly lady was stronger than she looked and did just fine! I left with my muscles numbly buzzing, all my knots and tightness completely worked out. Now isn't that a happy ending?
<review# 1917,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2010,3/2/2011,68,166,11,17,14>I dare you to walk by the window of this place and not even think once about walking in. I'm looking at you, Lucille Roberts members. Everything just looks so damn good! And sometimes you'll walk by and catch a whiff of something baking. Droolfest starts now.This place is cute and I highly recommend coming here to satisfy that sweet tooth of yours. I've tried a majority of the cupcakes here - strawberry, peanut butter, coconut, raspberry, chocolate, vanilla, red velvet and oreo.  The one I keep coming back to is red velvet. They do red velvet very well here.  Instead of the typical cupcake run I normally do, I recently tried a slice of their red velvet cheesecake. It's amazing and the slices are huge! They cost around $3.75. There is way more than just cupcakes and cake - there's bread, gelato, cookies, pie, you name it. The back seating area is adorable and I would love to come back to sit down for some coffee and treats one day.
<review# 1918,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2010,2/28/2011,127,689,12,15,15>I can't believe no one has reviewed this dumpling stall yet. They relocated from in the late Prince Shopping Center on Roosevelt Ave. Same menu, same prices, same amount of chairs (3 tables). All you dumpling monsters from Chowhound, rest assured; Best North lives on!They specialize in Dong Bei (northern Chinese) food, which is a regional cuisine that has lately been snagging the spotlight and garnering a cult following -- I could totally picture this homestyle kitchen snuggled away in a nook right by the other northern Chinese vendors at the underground Golden Shopping Mall. I recommend the fennel & pork dumplings. Also good, the "Aquatic Food, Green Pepper & Pickled Cabbage Vegetable, Celery Dumpling," which I bought wholesale and frozen. Apparently 'aquatic food' translates as 'san xian,' which I assumed is meant to resemble the 'di san xian' of Dong Bei cuisine (however, I don't taste any potato or eggplant [how that is "aquatic" is beyond me]. If I'm not mistaken, I taste pork and leek, haha). If you know something, please enlighten me.The only thing I wish they had is an original sauce to accompany the dumplings; nevertheless, they taste great with soy sauce and some chili sauce. The frozen dumplings are excellent; they don't crack in the freezer or explode or spill their contents when you boil them!10 pieces boiled-to-order set you back $3-4, 15 pieces $4-5. There's a small premium for mutton. Or go baller like me and get the 50 piece whopper of frozen dumpies to take home; they range $11-16.YUMPLINGS!
<review# 1919,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2011,2/27/2011,315,285,14,26,23>Radiance has become my Wednesday quiet spot for oolong, dumplings, reading, and Dan.Who's Dan? Oh, he's the super nice Chinese guy who probably talked you through the extensive tea menu using layperson vocab that doesn't make you feel stupid. He probably offered to refill your teapot, and returned to sincerely ask how the second steep tasted. Radiance also excels in its gentle lunch presentation. Delicate little broth-based soups, dumplings in bento boxes [the "soupy" dumplings are good, though not the best in the midst of this craze], soft but tasty homemade miso, tender little mochis for dessert. If you're like me and you have 95 pages of textbook to read today, it's auspicious that Radiance offers an amusing bookshop to distract, and a library of loose and bagged tea for sale, equally deserving perusal.
<review# 1920,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2010,2/26/2011,244,178,18,15,14>Yes, I'm lactose-intolerant. Yes, I carry around about a dozen Lactaid pills wherever I go. And no, I don't always remember to take them before indulging in cheesy or milky goodness. In the heat of the moment, you've got to reach into your purse, search frantically for it, and spend minutes ripping open the packet...and that can kill the moment. I'm sure we've all been there.I decided to just go for it, so I had an unprotected cheesy encounter last night. I'm paying for it today, but boy was it worth it! The cheesy encounter I'm referencing is the famed spinach gnocchi in a gorgonzola cream sauce. It wasn't even the dish I ordered-I ordered my gnocchi with tomato sauce because I wanted to be good. But my friend had to taunt me by ordering the dish the way it's supposed to be...and I found myself sneaking forkfuls every time she wasn't looking.It reminded me of the best gnocchi dish I've ever had (until last night, anyhow), at a red-sauce Italian place called Luigi's in Anaheim. The gnocchi there was covered in alfredo sauce, so it was a bit heavier, and the gnocchi at Malatesta were a bit fluffier, maybe because they were made with spinach. They literally melted in your mouth, but they were served so piping hot that the first few bites didn't have time to melt before I had to swallow them!My other friend ordered the fettuccine with meat sauce, and it was excellent as well. Not heavy, but still hearty. I kept stealing bites of his as well, but the clear winner at the table with the gnocchi with gorgonzola sauce. This place was CHEAP for what you're getting-the entrees were all around $14, which is a steal for this neighborhood and the portion size! The bottle of wine we ordered was the best Pinot Grigio I've ever had (Kossler, I think it was), but it was around $40. We asked the bartenders if the cheaper one (which was around $30) would be a decent option and they assured us that the extra ten bucks would be worth it. And it was! It was silky smooth and just a hint of sweetness, making for easy drinking.The only thing I wasn't a fan of was the bread because it had rosemary in it and I can't stand rosemary (food poisoning incident a while back that I still haven't gotten over), and they served the bread on a small plate and didn't bring another plate for oil/vinegar. Most places bring each person their own plate, so it's a good thing I was with friends who I didn't mind sharing with!The wait wasn't bad either. On a Saturday night at 9:30, three of us only had to wait about 15 minutes. They let us squeeze in to the "bar" area where we ordered our bottle of wine and chilled until we got our table. It's a great neighborhood and setting for people watching, and they have all of the walls open to the outside. Definitely a great place to come with friends or a date! Highly recommend it.
<review# 1921,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2007,12/20/2007,274,1482,13,21,18>For my 200th Review, I will speak of the many orgasms I had last night.... Not THAT kinda orgasm... Food-related orgasms... Perv...I never knew it was possible to have so many food related orgasms in one sitting until I came to The Stanton Social. My lil Tranny is always full of surprises. He goes out of his way to take me to places that I've never been to and sometimes, never even heard of. I have been wanting to try this place for months, but I just kept putting it off. So glad we came last night. Tranny - Our reservation is for 9pm. Me - I'm starving and it's 8pm. It IS a Monday, so I'm sure we can just go and they'll seat us early. 8:10pm - Walk through the door. PACKED HOUSE...... Um... It is Monday right??? So we actually had to wait until 9pm. We went upstairs to the bar to have a drink while we waited. I had the Oregon Riesling. Medium body, sweet and juicy. Very good... Amstel Light for Tranny. Around 9pm, we mosey on down stairs and we're promptly seated in the 1/2 circle, highbacked velvet booth. I LOVE this type of seating. Even though the place was loud, we could sit close to each other and actually have a conversation... Ok.. Ok... On to the food. The cute and friendly waitress suggested that for 2 people, 5-6 dishes would be enough. Well, we were REALLY hungry. We ordered:***Potato & Goat Cheese Pierogies - the truffle cream fraiche... OMG... LATHER ME IN THAT AND I WILL FIND A WAY TO LICK IT OFF MYSELF! ***French Onion Soup Dumplings - i was skeptical, but these babies were delish! ***Wild Mushroom Risotto Cakes - YUMMMMMM***Chipotle Grilled Shrimp - a little overcooked, but still YUMMM***1 BBQ Pulled Pork Slider - Tranny didn't like this, but I thought it was fantastic!! ***2 Kobe Beef Sliders - omg... a little salty, but omg... SO FUCKIN GOOD***Herb Dusted Frites - i love how they call them frites, but they are just normal french fries. Good, but nothing special ***Social Mac & Cheese - fuckin a... This was my favorite. Chunks of chorizo... The mini penne noodles... the cheese... Ahhh... Orgasm #9The music was awesome. A few times, I almost got up and started dancing... And a few times, I almost became that annoying customer who asks the waitress "Do you know who's song is playing now???"Another note. Everyone in here was beautiful. I saw many hot ladies and many hot guys. This is a place to notice and be noticed. Next time, I think I'll remain upstairs. They have big dark brown leather couches in the bar area where you can eat as well. Music is still great, but it's not as loud. More intimate. And the cherry blossom rice paper walls are sweeeeet eye candy.Thanks to the folks at The Stanton Social. My taste buds have never known such bliss.
<review# 1922,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2007,12/19/2007,168,131,8,11,15>AS THE YELP TURNS, Episode 2:Like a well worn pair of diamond earrings, I thought I knew the Thom Bar.It's plush decor and classy demeanor make me feel as if I've stepped into an old Hitchcock movie starring Cary Grant.  I don't know about you, but anything starring Cary Grant has got me watching.  So when Mr. X casually invited me to stop by his party at the Thom Bar after my rehearsal that night, naturally I accepted.However when I arrived the lounge was empty and not a soul was sitting at the bar.  "Where are you?  I'm here," I texted.  "In the private club," came the reply.  Upon further inquiry, I learned that there is also a rooftop lounge at the Thompson Hotel and after giving the password, I was placed in an elevator and sent up.  Two more security hosts greeted me at the top and after getting clearance, I walked out onto one of the loveliest terraces I've ever been to in New York City.  It wasn't too big and it wasn't too small--like Goldilocks said, it was just right.  The night was clear and shining.  My champagne was crisp and filled with bubbles.  The group that had gathered was wonderfully gracious and welcoming.And Mr. X was happy to see me.  I was happy to be there.
<review# 1923,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2007,12/18/2007,138,146,7,18,19>What a gem! This was a lovely place to have drinks with my best friend; it'd be even better for an intimate date. Very elegant, old fashioned environment - beautiful carved wood, original windows, comfy armchairs and couches, a gorgeous long bar - and add to that various string instruments strumming delightfully. The crowd was older, being in our mid twenties, we were definitely the youngest in the place - but I liked that. There were alot of accents (British, Australian) and professorial types. It fit. At midnight-ish on a Fri night, it was populated; neither crowded full nor sparsely empty.It was a bit hard to find; it is NOT within the Grand Central Terminal as the info map indicates, it's on the street level a few doors down from the entrance to GCT, on Vanderbilt st.The hostess ushered us in welcomingly, despite our relatively casual attire (nice jeans and dressy tops, boots), and that seemed to be the uniform of the place - lots of jeans, blazers, and boots. Comfortable but not too casual.The drinks are damn pricey - $12-16 for cocktails, $10+ for wine - and I balked a bit at first. Their vintage cocktails did sound very intriguing, however, so my friend ordered the Robber Baron (rum, midori, lime juice, fresh mint) and I chose the Roaring Twenties (rum, ginger liqueur, grenadine, lemon juice) - at $13.50 a piece. These drinks though - we both heartily agreed they were WELL worth the price. My friend's midori-mojito was enormous and delicious; the midori is really an excellent touch. The ginger liquer in my drink was tasty and good for my queasy tummy;  I don't really like rum,  but I thoroughly enjoyed my well-balanced concoction. We estimate that each drink had AT LEAST the equivalent of 3 oz of 80 proof alcohol - quite possibly more - one drink each got us significantly buzzed and we both have high tolerances. Impressive, and so, worth the money!Our waitress was gracious and darling, attentive but not pushy, and we had a fabulous time. A full 5 stars, easily.
<review# 1924,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2007,12/16/2007,126,110,16,13,13>Any place that plays Ella Fitzgerald and Doris Day ONE AFTER THE OTHER is okay in my book.This was a really great experience. The music was superb. The company was fun (thanks to NYC's own Sam P. and Shannon W.!). The food was great ( Thumbs up to the hot crab dip. With a name like "hot crab dip" how could I not order it?). But the drinks - THE DRINKS - were sublime. Nuanced, balanced and served without a hint of attitude.The room is beautiful and the lighting divine.I will most certainly be back.HOWEVERNext time I will not get drunk and sing "Que Sera, Sera" at the top of my lungs. What? I'm gay, get over it!
<review# 1925,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2007,12/15/2007,321,290,21,22,24>I work here.I will be making no food recommendations as I have not had the pleasure of consuming much from the establishment. And will do my best to remain as unbiased as possible.The hostess is fabulous. She's really gracious and adorable and is great at seating you and checking your bags, coats, umbrellas, strollers ... whatever you want :-) (ok i'm done)The place is comprised of 39 settings for dinner. 13 tables. 13 bar stools. The bar is made from a continuous slab of african wood called bubinga. The walls are made from Japanese imported limestone called oya. The tables are in close proximity and there are always two servers slated for the evening so the service is attentive. They run like clockwork in here.From what I can tell from my little hostess station people view this place as intimate and casual. Some come back again and again. And just about a week ago, a certain person who has a celebrity game named after him was spotted here.If you are baller status and a regular here (give me your phone number) the chefs get to know you and come out to chat with you about their creations and philosophize about life.It's dark in here. I can barely read my seating chart and you can barely see your food (1 star off.)There's this huge plant that is behind the hostess stand that is more messy than beautiful. Someone should consider replacing that thing.You can always come in and just have a drink. I like the look of the pink drinks in the champagne flutes but I have no idea what they are called nor whether or not they taste good.If you want to have lunch here this summer ... good idea! Not too busy. Not too noisy. Good and relaxing and not as dark as dinner time. If you want to eat dinner here this summer, come in on a Friday or Saturday evening. It's slow right now and we're rarely at capacity on the weekends for much more than 15 minutes if at all. If you want to make a reservation ... you can't. We don't take those.This is a great option if you want the same quality food of Masa without the extensive dining experience of Prix Fixe and for a fraction of the cost. Just order what you want from the menu.
<review# 1926,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2007,12/14/2007,123,129,27,19,16>This is the only place in Chinatown I go to repeatedly.  Back when I was dorming, I trekked down here with $5, which meant a delicious dinner and breakfast for me tommorow as well.  Or lunch, for those of you who are not ready for the breakfast of champions.  [you iz weaksauce.]Don't be discouraged by the name.Unlike the great Michael D., I've eaten a lot of BIG WONG.In fact, I'm probably an expert by now.
<review# 1927,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/28/2007,12/13/2007,75,147,12,14,13>So as I was strolling down Broadway today, I just needed a cup o' joe really, really badly... that and something sweet.  I am a java junkie, and if time intervals between coffee go for too long, things get ugly.  So I looked up and saw a sign on Broadway that said "Think Coffee" and pointed to the right."It's a sign!" I thought, both literally and figuratively.  I mean, here I was wandering down Broadway jonesing for a cup of coffee really badly, and this sign pops up right in front of me.  I zig to the right and cross the street.   I see another sign that says "Think Coffee" and points to the left this time.  "How elusive!" I thought.  "This must be the most wonderful coffee in the world if I have to go through this Village Maze to get to it!"  I zag to the left.  And so, finally a half block later, I see my final "Think Coffee" sign, this time on an actual building.  By now, I figure this must be the most wonderful, exotic, flavorful, ass-kickin' wakeup feelgood kinda coffee ever made.  I order a medium cup of brewed coffee and a chocolate chip brownie.  Service is good, if a little rushed.  That's perfectly okay--I'm in a rush too.I get back to school, eager to taste this wonderful, elusive coffee I zigged and zagged for, and... it's well, mediocre at best.  I can deal with bitter coffee.  I can deal with stale coffee.  I can deal with coffee when the beans have been sitting in a boat for three years, but the one thing I cannot tolerate is WEAK coffee.  Think Coffee's brewed coffee tasted like something you'd get at Denny's or IHOP.  Weak coffee does not disappoint me at Denny's or IHOP, because those places don't pride themselves on their coffee and don't have the word "coffee" in their names.  Think Coffee does.  Brewed coffee is, in my opinion, the true test of a coffee establishment.  I mean, espressos and lattes and mochaccinos and all that crap are fine and dandy and wonderful, but if a place doesn't make a decent cup of old fashioned brewed coffee, it shouldn't have the word "coffee" in its name.3 stars for the very good chocolate chip brownie.  Now if only they had called themselves "Think Brownies" instead, I would have given them four.
<review# 1928,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/11/2007,12/12/2007,181,193,11,18,16>It saddens me to write this review. I have a substantial history with this place as you'll read...The only reason I give it 3 stars is for the quality of food and before these 3 incidents, we had many, many great dining experiences at Sac's. I'm not quite sure what changed. Sac's used to be our "go-to-anytime" place. We loved that it was just a couple blocks from our house. We even had a favorite waiter who took great care of us (we knew when he worked and wouldn't go otherwise). We took friends, family, and out of towners there. I never even looked at the menu because we had our favorite dishes (and surprisingly, we DID NOT go there for the pizza!)Then one night we arrived and our beloved waiter was not working (he was on a vacation that we didn't know about). We were starving so we decided to stay. Combine that with my daring attempt at trying something new on the menu (a SPECIAL, no less), which came out terrible: Advertised as a fillet of fish..."absolutely boneless" the guy said. I literally had a cluster of bones in every bite. I couldn't eat my meal and decided to say something to the manager. We were such frequenters at this place, we didn't think it would be a big deal. Except it was! The manager was someone different that night and gave me a major 'tude and embarassed me in front of the rest of the patrons. We paid our bill, left and decided not to come back, at least for awhile.A couple weeks later, my friend and I were starving for some pizza, so we decided to order some...from Sac's. It took 2 HOURS on a Sunday evening (remember, I live about 2 1/2 blocks away). I called the restaurant after an hour and they said it had left, so obviously it arrived not only ridiculously late, but also cold. When I called to complain, the same manager yelled and me and insisted that it was hot.Third times the charm, right? Wrong. I recently went with my sister for dinner. Food was ok (came out cold, though I didn't say anything, took FOREVER to get the check, etc). The kicker was this: We decided to split the bill on 2 credit cards. We share a last name and therefore the credit cards do too (but looked totally different). I see my bank statement on-line a couple days later....turns out they charged ME twice, and her not at all. When I called to ask WTF, they said I'd only be able to get a credit if I could obtain her credit card # so they could get paid. I was like "THIS IS YOUR MISTAKE." I finally got my $.So, it really sucks that our favorite place went down the drain. We need to find another mid-level Italian joint in the neighborhood now.P.S. They're totally overpriced, too.***Edit: My reply to the non-review written on 12/5/07 by someone who is obviously associated with this restaurant and joined the site for the sole purpose to stick up for it. I find it far too coincidental that you just stumbled upon this and posted as your first review to this site....no photo, no info? Seriously.1) I never claimed I was with a group of people. I was just with my boyfriend which I even sort of implied. I did say that the man embarassed me in front of the other patrons, which is true.2) He did NOT take the dish off my check (and how would you claim to know that anyway?), or I would have been 100% pleased with the service, as always. That would have shown that they cared what we thought, since we were such great, consistent customers. Instead, he was stubborn and told me I was wrong. I've worked in food service before. That is not the right thing to do.3) This website is for real reviews for the benefit of other users. That's all I posted. I WAS honest. Why would I have an ulterior motive for sabatoge? I spoke of the good experiences, the fabulous waiter we always enjoyed, the many MANY times we truly had an amazing experience there. I could have given it 1 or 2 stars, but I didn't. If every restaurant got 5 stars all the time, no one would stay in business.4) This happened like, 6 months ago. You must have a great memory , fantastic hearing, and very little happening in your life to remember such details of another patrons' dinner fiasco....unless of course, you work there.
<review# 1929,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2007,12/11/2007,70,88,24,16,17>Essex is one of the most over-reviewed places on Yelp, so I'll keep it brief.  OMG LET'S DO A LIST!!!1. Everyone complained about a bitchy hostess.  She apparently was gone this Sunday because MY hostess was lovely and gave me 2 free drinks when our wait for a table was longer than expected.2. Something really sad happened to the bartender.  I could see the torment in his eyes.  Sam P. (not that one) suggests his turtle died.  I submit that dead turtles are the same as live ones.3. Oh, and the place is fun and the food is delicious if you care about stuff like that.  The only things not so cute were the buckets of bloody mary that just looked like buckets of blood.4. Oh, and there's something alien about those delicious onion and poppy rolls they serve.  You wouldn't expect it, but I defy you to eat one without smearing butter all over your face.
<review# 1930,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2007,12/9/2007,233,176,8,17,17>Devotees know patience, which in this case is the key to unlocking Cha-an's beauty and discovering its secrets. A fast-paced passerby in search of something exciting will walk past the restaurant's humble facade. But if you are lucky enough to stop, open the door,  walk up a staircase, and pull away two thick, square curtains hanging down mid-waist, Cha-an's warmth will encompass you immediately. Dim lit and quiet, the room is filled with wooden square tables and Japanese simplicity. Bartenders pour sake into mojitos, and, with the utmost care and precision, chefs create delicacies in the kitchen right behind. I sat int the midst of the scene, feeling like I had entered a beautiful sanctuary. A chocolate souffle covered in raspberry sauce was placed before me. For five minutes, it looked too sacred in its delicate beauty for me to desecrate it.  But when it started deflating, I knew it was time. I broke into it with my spoon and tasted a flow of sweet chocolate with a touch of cool raspberry. I burned my tongue over and over, but I didn't mind. Delightful to the senses, it promised the sins would be forgiven later. I only came here for dessert, and when I left, I felt satisfied. Not like a glutton feels satisfied after he pushes the empty death by chocolate crumb-filled plate aside and pops the first pants button open. But like a student, walking in the cold, yet glowing with that quiet satisfaction of just having had the first taste of knowledge from a wise master. There are more secrets here. I know it, because Cha-an's delicate, heartwarming creations whispered it to me. And like a true devotee, addicted to knowledge--and precious flavors--I'll listen and return.
<review# 1931,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2012,5/23/2012,503,274,5,13,8>Best pancakes ever. Best biscuits ever. Need I say more?Actually, I do need to add that you should definitely go on a weekday unless you're okay with waiting 2 hours for food. Even on a Thursday afternoon, my friend and I waited for about 45 minutes before being seated. I have to give them props for their text message system, though! They take your number, send you a text with your approximate wait time along with a link to check your wait status, then text you when your table is available. Very cool.If you're a breakfast lover like I am, this is definitely a place you should go to at least once!
<review# 1932,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2012,5/22/2012,294,271,12,13,12>If there's one city in the world where a large space in the basement of what looks like a nondescript office building is too crowded to seat you, on what feels like the coldest day of the year (and really everyone should be in their pajamas under the covers), it's New York.In any case though, I thought I could waltz in without a reservation at Sakagura. A restaurant with 533 reviews. How naive.We did have a little bit of a wait to be seated, but ours was a small party of 2 and it wasn't too bad. My husband and I had already munched on an early dinner (partly due to the lack of vegetarian options here) and so ended up doing what we usually do at great restaurants with limited vegetarian options. Drinks + Dessert. My favourite parts of any meal anyway!We shared a couple of different kinds of sake between the two of us, and I found that our server's recommendation was on point. They do have an extensive list of sake so colour me suitably impressed at him knowing that like the back of his hand.The food at Sakagura, in all its limited vegetarian friendliness, is actually quite tasty. Undeterred by minor facts like we'd already eaten dinner, we went ahead and ordered a few appetizers to share anyway. Let's call it.. for the sake of research, hmm? The eggplant with three different kinds of miso(red, spinach and egg yolk) was delicate, understated and grilled perfectly. We also shared the seaweed salad with the citrus vinaigrette.The black sesame creme brulee was certainly interesting, and I might order it another day when I'm in the mood for something different, but I wasn't the biggest fan of the texture itself. Owing to the addition of sesame, the custard had taken a grainy form, though I loved the texture of the delicate caramel, which shattered upon the slightest little tap of my spoon. We also got the chocolate souffle, which was predictably tasty.We also got to live through the first date of the couple that was seated by us. Thanks for being so loud, it was quite the entertainment. We have a bet on how long it will last for you two but sadly we may never find out.
<review# 1933,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2012,5/21/2012,444,306,11,14,11>There's a reason Sarabeth's so frequently finds itself on those "Best Brunch" lists you see in New York Magazine, Time Out New York, and any other print or online publication that takes the time to generate such lists. Simply speaking, Sarabeth's KNOWS BRUNCH. When my mom, brother, aunt and I went one Saturday morning, we got a sense of just how popular this place was in the neighborhood: the line was out the door, with people braving the cold in the hopes of snagging a table (even if they had to wait 30-40 minutes to do so). Once seated, we decided to try a few things and sample each others meals (strategy, guys, strategy). On the menu: Eggs Benedict, lemon ricotta pancakes, almond-crusted french toast and the farmer's omelette. There's nothing quite like lemon ricotta pancakes made the right way. The ricotta makes the batter extra light, so it seems like you're biting into a cloud of lemony sweetness - delicious. The almond crust on the french toast was not at all overpowering, providing a nice crunch to the sweet toast. Leeks, bacon, potato and Gruyere seem like a perfect mix for a nice winter soup, and that combo works equally well in an omelette: the creaminess of the Gruyere enhanced the saltiness of the bacon, while the leeks and potatoes managed to balance each other out. As for the eggs Benedict (which I ordered): sometimes this dish can be tricky if you don't get a good piece of Canadian bacon, if the egg isn't poached just right, or if the hollandaise is too heavy. No tricks here. Everything was great.On a side note, my hilarious aunt was so in love with the Bloody Mary, she asked for a to-go cup to sip on the rest of it while we were walking around the city.
<review# 1934,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2011,5/20/2012,87,146,3,5,6>Since I went to Sala One Nine I've been trying to find a reason to not give it five stars... and I can't.To begin with the mood is perfect for any occasion. It's dim, but not dark, and a little table candle lighting goes a long way. The walls are bricked but also half-plastered, which, along with the wooden floors and barrels, might have caused the restaurant to veer off into the faux-rustic category, but it's handily saved from this mediocre fate by the elaborate, gold-painted ceiling and more modern, granite bar. Sala One Nine is a classy place and it knows that it doesn't need to try to prove that to anyone. Birthday, date, special reason or casual get together, this place has you covered.My friend and I split a few dishes, every one of which was flawless. The bacon-wrapped, almond-stuffed dates were wonderful - a salty, slightly crispy exterior quickly yielded to a sweet, creamy smooth interior; a combination where each flavor and texture was readily identifiable and yet neither overpowered the other. Similar to how in less capable hands the dates could have been an exercise in decadence, the melt-in-your-mouth fried goat cheese was accentuated with a generous drizzle of honey and cut with the more earthy sweetness of caramelized onions, creating a dish that is a perfect example of the virtues of restraint by not overwhelming the palate. The patatas bravas were fried perfectly, and although that isn't too out of the ordinary, the red pepper sauce that coated the potatoes was a fantastic combination of smooth and spicy, which is rare, and meant that we couldn't stop eating them. Even after eating these great tapas, the seafood paella, which arrives in a cast-iron pan, managed to be a show-stopper. I wasn't aware it was possible to cook rice al dente, but Sala One Nine did. Just firm enough on the outside but soft on the inside, it was a pleasure to run each grain over my tongue and split it between my teeth. Furthermore, the rice on the bottom of the pan had an even more awesome crispy texture and barely-charred taste. As if that wasn't enough, the use of saffron in this dish, a flavor you can taste in every bite, at once familiar yet foreign, squarely elevated this dish into five-star territory. The seafood? Goes without saying!The service was also great. Our waitress was timely, knowledgeable and brought us a great bottle of red to drink with our meal. However, now that I'm reading the reviews I'm kicking myself for not getting the sangria :P That's a must-have for next time. The prices aren't cheap, but within the ranges you might expect of a tapas bar - not too pricey either.I feel that by their very nature tapas bars invite criticism. Because you order so many different dishes, there's a high probability that while you'll try some tapas that are excellent, you'll also try some that are mediocre or unappealing. I think it speaks to the strength of Sala One Nine that every dish I had was wonderful. When your food averages four-and-a-half stars and everything else goes perfectly, including a great atmosphere, you've earned five stars. Not even I can argue with that.
<review# 1935,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2012,5/19/2012,137,238,9,9,6>I think I've gone to heaven and it only cost me $5. I noticed this was on the new on yelp list and decided to come try it out.. The noodles are not much to write home about but the dumplings are simply heavenly.You order at the counter then sit down where ever there is a seat. Much like rest of Chinatown - decor is simple and old. There are disposable chopsticks at the table and all sauces are in recycled sriracha bottles - no names do just grab and guess.The dumplings are triangular shaped.. And when you bite in - some soup lands in your mouth.. It's the perfect mix of meat and veggies - the dumpling skin is just thick enough to have great bite.BTW. You can take the frozen dumplings home as well! ($9 for 50 pieces)!!!Love. This is what love feels like.
<review# 1936,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2012,5/18/2012,532,204,19,13,17>Thank you Luke for plopping down this Lobster Heaven so close to my home.  I kinda hate you too, because now whenever I am feeling lazy and don't know what to eat for a given meal my mind immediately dances over to the idea of a rich juicy buttery LOBSTA ROLL.... oh man oh man why!?? Then I either say damnit, I dont need to spend $20 bucks on lunch right now, or... I cave in.  Im proud to say I have still tried to keep "going to Luke's" a special treat. Reserved for splendid weather where I take my SKOONER boat to the waters edge and bask in the sunlight and say, THIS is the good life.  One especially chilly day this spring when the weather dipped low in the 30s I was craving a hearty, savory soup.  It happened to be a Sunday so both the Original Soupman and Hale & Hearty were shuttered in this off peak ghost town twilight zone we call FiDI weekends.  Cue tumbleweed of CA$H blowing by...... howling wind sound effect and some maniacal banker sobbing up in his corporate office.  Off in the distance the chanting of some OWS drum circle contingent can still be heard.Needless to say I was having the most frustrating time coming upon any decent soup within a 15 block radius.   Then that happy angel Lobster that is always on my shoulder cleared his throat and said... what about Lukes?  I bet they have some kinda awesome chowdas down there and YOU KNOW it will be quality...A buttery tear of joy fell down my cheek as I near sprinted to Lukes.  There I not only found their menu mainstay - New England Clam Chowder simmering away in a warm cauldron but also their - Soup of the Day, Lobster Bisque!  It was like music to my ears,  I said I would take both.  Since clearly we were in some sort of soup depression at the moment and I needed to stock up.  The soups are pricey like liquid gold 7 for the chowder, 9 for the bisque.  But oh are they worth it!  One of the best Lobster Bisques I have had in NYC, hands down with GIANT hunks of lobster claw meat (like the kind you get in their rolls).  I will always look to Luke's now for my quality soup on a cold winters day.  SO THANKFUL LUKE HAS COME TO THE NEIGHBORHOOD!!!
<review# 1937,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2012,5/17/2012,359,355,7,4,12>Summary: Deliciously unexpected.  Fantastic service.  A must try for the neighborhood.The Atmosphere:  There is some outdoor seating, but the windows in the main dining area allow for plenty of light.  The seating near the door is quite dark if you had a heavy night out and don't want to be near the sunlight.  Tables are painted white, which makes for a delightfully modern surface.The Crowd:  Taboon is the type of place that reminds you that Hell's kitchen is gentrifying. One of the trendier brunch spots for sure.  You can look nice here, or you can come with morning face. Your choice.  If you're of the rainbow, you will be pleasantly surprised.The Service:  We had a lovely new waiter.  By lovely, I mean, possibly one of the most perfect looking people I've seen in the city in a while. He was so textbook good looking that even my straight bf admitted he was attractive.  As he's not my type and also I'm not convinced I had a better chance than my bf, I'm sending out the love to the Yelp community.  (He works Sunday brunch, in case you are curious and want to see if he's single).  Despite being brand new, he was excellent and others in management checked in regularly to make sure we were up on coffee and the like. The food:  YUM!!!  Wow. I don't even really like hummus and I have to rave about the hummus and bread.  I had the Crab Benedict.  They used real crab meat.  The mixture with the spinach and hollandaise sauce was truly delightful.  I even quite liked the dressing on the salad. There was a shrimp in a pan brunch dish was fantastic.  It's smaller and you will want to dip the bread into the sauce in order to be full.  It was tasty enough that I didn't actually care that the portion size was smallish.
<review# 1938,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2011,5/16/2012,142,338,8,15,11>You will not find a place in New York City that makes you feel closer to the Emerald Isle than Mary's, located in a distinctly Irish neighborhood in the far northern reaches of the Bronx. Woodlawn Heights is a place you will hear thick Irish accents and see almost all signage written in green. In the center of this is Mary Moylan, a chef originally from County Kilkenny. If you are not charmed by her friendliness and hospitality (not to mention her cooking), you simply have no soul!Inside the small primarily takeout/delivery store you will find a couple handwritten chalkboards and seven stools lining a small counter for eating in. The phone rings pretty frequently with orders, and most people stop in to pick up their food and say hello to Mary, delivering gossip and updates on life along the way. She seems to know all of her customers well, and takes care of everything with a precision that revolves around love.The sausage mash & beans ($8.50) is a good combination of flavors for a meal, found under the "traditional fare" section of the menu. We recommend staying on this side anyways, but the place does cater to the usual bar crowd with burgers and nachos and the like. The sausages are fried and retain their juiciness, and combined with the potatoes and a little Chef Sauce, make for a delectable bite.The shepherd's pie ($8.50), like most places in New York City is actually a cottage pie, made with ground beef and not lamb, but is distinct from your average Irish pub by a long shot. The ingredients are fresh and it is not over-salted like most. It is hard to get a sense of the enormity of this pie from the photo below, but it is far larger than the size of your face, and a smaller portion is available for $5.I could not help but order a Scotch egg ($2.50) from the refrigerated case. It appears as a nice fried globe, and when described as a boiled egg wrapped in sausage then fried, becomes something any meal should not be without. My companion for this meal giggled and proclaimed that this was the "first time a taste made me laugh."Katonah Avenue and Woodlawn Heights in the Bronx spill a little over the northern border into Yonkers, and the whole neighborhood is an absolute gem. You can follow your meal at Mary's with a pint at one of many pubs that line the street, and if you happen to pull an all-nighter, wake up to an Irish breakfast at The Irish Coffee Shop.
<review# 1939,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2012,5/15/2012,135,1106,21,14,12>Always an adventure!I learned that whales produce milk for their babies that consists of 50% fat. Compare that to whole cow's milk, which is merely 4% fat. When feeding their adorable whale babies, said whale babies grow, on average, at a rate of 9 pounds per HOUR. I learned that there is a mineral named "Cummingtonite". My 12th Grade Geology teacher never taught me that. I'm disappointed in him, but pleased that the museum didn't keep me in the dark about it.I learned about the taxidermist, Carl Akeley, that collected the gorillas for some of the diorama exhibits. Though originally there to collect specimens, after experiencing killing them, he became an advocate for their preservation. Fascinating story! I learned the difference between butterflies and moths. I thought I knew. OH. No. I didn't.I learned, via Laurie the Speed Walking Tour Guide, why the floor plan of the museum does not flow well: basically, once they got some money, they'd add a building here, a floor there, with no real plan as to how to tie them all together in a sensible way. Okay. Bien.I learned that meteorites are...well, kind of boring.I learned that "Lucy" was named for "Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds", the song that was playing as scientists celebrated finding her remains.I learned that most parents DO NOT care to discipline their children whilst visiting here. If two young women (say, my friend and I), are sitting quitely watching a short film made in 1985 about the Gold Rush in a 10' x 10' space, it is absolutely appropriate for parents to let their four children come in, have one of them step of my friend's left foot without apologizing, then proceed to stand directly in front of the screen and bang their fists against the walls and squeal for absolutely no reason. YES.And still...It is fun for all ages and is always a learning experience. It's simply magic.
<review# 1940,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2012,5/14/2012,540,1095,3,5,5>This will be a long review so if you're looking for something short: Should you book the Conrad?  YUP, and here's why:Hospitality: Their customer service really cannot be beat.  Smiles greet you all around and - this freaked me out a bit - every single person I passed at the front desk, hallway, etc -  knew my name and greeted me as I walked by.  This is before I gave them any sort of I.D. and I did not have to give them any sort of introduction.  Either I really made an impression during the booking process or this is just their specific attention to detail (I'm going with the latter).  They catered to my every need and even went out of their way to predict my future needs so that I would not have to worry about them.  Meeting space: Conference Manager is super accommodating and the spaces are well-organized and capable of fulfilling just about any meeting need.  Highly recommended.  Hotel Room(s): The hotel room reminds me of a comfortable studio space.  All of the TV screens in your hotel room will welcome you and all of the hotel staff are extremely accommodating.  Prime location - my river views were thoroughly enjoyed throughout my stay.  They have a really neat in-room dining ordering system where you can do it straight from the TV.  I added some special instructions to mine (took a while) and then it wouldn't allow me to do the checkout option so I ended up calling anyway, but I like the idea.  Now just tweak it to perfection, Conrad :).  Prime location: Next to the river.  'Nuff said.In-room dining: Everything was prepared to perfection except for the chai latte I ordered.  I ordered their farm fresh berries, oatmeal, and Chai latte for breakfast.  Berries were indeed farm-fresh and the oatmeal was pretty good.  I specified 8:00AM delivery time and they rang at exactly 7:59AM with my food.  The Chai latte arrived lukewarm-cold and that kinda stank since I did not have a microwave to heat it back up.
<review# 1941,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2011,10/27/2011,532,204,18,16,17>If I am EVER in this area I make a point of dropping in.  I am a diehard Donut Plant lover (and live near the original one) but at that price I try not to drop in all that often.  At Peter Pan's the price point will keep me flying high in the baller dept for nights to come, and I like that.  Since I am so rarely in Greenpoint... when I stop into Peter Pan I go buck wild.  Last time I nursed my hangover saddled up at the 1950's diner counter with a hot made just for me croissant breakfast sandwich filled with a gratuitous amount of sharp cheddar cheese. Yeah I think there may have been an egg and some super crunchy greasy bacon strips enveloped in the cheese somewhere. It was pretty magical and bad for me.  The service was neighborhood friendly, its feels like a family or group of friends run the place.  Good people watching here with all those who drop in and out quickly to grab a red velvet.  I witnessed a girl who was far more hungover than myself fall asleep sitting up on the bar stool, then fall off her stool and then abruptly leave the store, full plate of food still piping hot.  Embarrassing.  Perhaps you should know when to get your food 'to go."What to get:  THE HONEY DIPPED DONUT.  Yes yes yes everyone is raving about the red velvet and its delightful, but I am a sucker for all that is honey.  This place is also a cake lovers haven.  Yeasties like myself will have to try to appreciate and enjoy the finest this city has to offer in the cake doughnut dept.Hobble your peg legs over here and sink your hook into Peter Pan.
<review# 1942,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2011,10/25/2011,476,542,19,32,33>Somewhere a guy with a passion for good food with a Japanese twist got severely drunk and dreamed about this place.Defining the food at Do or Dine as haute drunk food, however, would be reductive: these people are passionate about what they cook, but don't take themselves too seriously.Just look at some items on the menu, like the deviled E666s with culantro and bacon ($5) or baby octopus and ume ($9)[1]. A prawn dish with clam broth and cherry tomatoes called District D9NE ($14). The Fish and some Chips fried branzino ($16) served with a mohawk of roe[2]. The Smoked salmon pate' ($8) served in an ashtray with a bread stick burnt at the end to imitate a cigar. Or even just the name of this place!The decor also follows similar themes, with a disco ball hanging from a beautifully curved ceiling in the main dining room. Unusual murals decorate the walls of the wonderful patio, where recycled picnic tables and discarded chairs are also used.Whether you'll find this playful approach to food enjoyable or annoying is a matter of personal preference. Personally, I love this place!The most distinctive traits of the very creative menu, which is divided in "Snacks", "Small Plates", and "Proteins" are fried dishes and Japanese-inspired ones. Or a combination of the two; like the Nippon-Nachos ($6; fried gyoza with nacho dressing). Also, the tako tacos ($6; octopus tacos) come to mind; together with the wonderful Shishito peppers quatre sel ($7; served with four salts: green tea, wasabi, seaweed, and yuzu).If I had to pick a signature dish, it would be the foie grad doughnut, aka Dough[3] or Dine ($11). A doughnut complete with sugar dusting and raspberry or apricot jelly, filled with wonderfully decadent, yet surprisingly light, foie gras.Not everything on the menu is a winner: the nippon nachos didn't do it for me, just like the pork and wasabi shumai ($8). And all the octopus dishes I tried were lacking in flavor.Some dishes, however, are memorable: the foie gras doughnut, the shishito peppers, and the fish and chips. But also the Korean-inspired escargoki ($12; snails, sirloin marinated in ginger ale, gochujang), served on a leaf of lettuce and eaten Korean bbq-style. The New Zealand duck breast ($20; with sansho, kiwi, and fennel) is wonderfully juicy and perfectly cooked, and very generous in size. The lamb breast is very crispy on the outside, and incredibly tender on the inside.The dessert items[4] are a total joke. Like a Snickers ice cream sandwich still in the original wrapper. Or three mochis served impaled on a pair of chopsticks. The rootbeer and black sesame float is exactly what it sounds like: nothing more, nothing less.Service is nothing short than stellar: I can't remember last time I had waiters so enthusiastic about their job, and so knowledgeable about every single ingredient used for each item on the menu.BYOB for now. And when was the last time that your beer was poured into a frozen glass? At a BYOB place?!I'm in love...-----------------------------------[1] Some octopus heads came impaled on cornichons and olives on the side of the plate.[2] Aka a "roehawk"![3] This is where the doughnits are coming from: yelp.com/biz/dough-brook…[4] The "pastry chef" is, according to the personnel, "whoever is closest to the fridge".
<review# 1943,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2011,10/24/2011,102,494,4,12,6>With Battery Park as my starting point all the way up to Midtown, the running path up Hudson River Park is quickly becoming one of my all time favorite routes for my training runs. Why is this "as good at it gets?" Well, here are a few of the many reasons:- separate running/walking and bike lanes- amazing view of the river and Jersey (well, as "amazing" as Jersey can look I guess...) when the sun is setting- speaking of the river, the ability to run literally right next to it at certain places on the route- never seems to be overly crowded- clean, available restrooms that are, did I mention this already, clean?- fantastic view of downtown if you're running from north to south or alternatively, fantastic view of midtown if you're running from south to northThere are many more that I'm sure I'm forgetting right now, but it doesn't matter. This should be more than enough to convince you that I'm right! This park is awesome and can be your favorite too whether you are a runner, walker, biker, roller-blader, etc!
<review# 1944,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2011,10/23/2011,270,454,13,12,18>On a Tuesday night, this tiny bar is super pleasant because there will only be a non-PDA couple out of your field of vision at a table in the seating area and a dude weirder than you at the opposite end of the bar. He will have body odor, but it will be mild, and you will know that the smell is not inherent to the establishment.You will then essentially be alone to take out your copy of Atlas Shrugged and do your obligatory reading of Ayn Rand without feeling pretentious while you wait for someone who might or might not actually show up.The attentive bartender will give his advice if you ask for it. He will let you taste the Campari if you admit that you haven't had the stuff on your tongue since you were 17 in the Caribbean, pouring it into a 3/4 full can of pineapple soda to avoid being caught by the chaperones of the marine biology program you were there for.The drink will be $10 or more, but will be so stiff that you won't even think of the next one for a long, long time.Just a warning: a chat with a friend. a shared Speckled Old Hen, and a few New Order songs on the good-songs-only loaded jukebox may result in making out in the street. But then again, no one will really be around, so it's like the tree that falls without anyone to hear it.
<review# 1945,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2010,10/22/2011,343,317,19,32,32>My potato salad, a careful assembly of starch, herbs and love invariably gets pushed to the background when paired with Schaller & Weber's fine meat products. Dinner guests, notably the MIL, chirp happily about the tubes of meat on their plates saving only a few forkfuls for the salad. As an aspiring Betty Draper in training, I turn to few smokes for comfort after. Le sigh. This family owned German meat purveyor has been selling sausages, ham and other smoked goods out of their small UES shop for years. Most everything is made out of their factory in Astoria. From the best of the wursts, silky spreadable pates, smokey loins and bellies, there lies a veritable treasure for meat eaters inside those majestic glass cases. The butchers attend to your whims and needs politely and samples are handed out if you so wish.I like to get a few links of smoked weiners and bratwurst and maybe some weisswurst or spicy bauernwurst if I'm feeling adventurous. Their franks and weiners are flavorful and have a great snap to them. The cooked bratwurst are plump and juicy and require a quick boil and a few minutes on the grill or pan. Moreover, they brown and crisp up nicely, faster than Ron Jeremy hitting the payload. If you've been to Lugers or one of their many knockoffs then you know about the wonders of their famed, heart attack inducing Canadian bacon. Well, I'm pleased to report that you can replicate that experience here with a purchase of their famous double smoked bacon. Get it thickly sliced, broil at home and you'll quickly find yourself in a hog nirvana. Though your cardiologist may not approve.Finally, there's a good selection of side dishes, breads and imported German candies to round out your shopping excursion. I'm not so crazy about some of their cooked items but I can vouch that their in-house sauerkraut is as fabulous as sauerkraut can be. It's fresh, has good texture and a little tanginess-the perfect compliment to your stuffed meat. And don't forget the mustard, I counted at least ten different varieties on my last visit but their house version cuts it just fine.So yes, get stuffed here. Just don't cry if it's at the expense of one of your prized dishes. At least your meat eating, teutonic culinary inclined eaters will thank you.
<review# 1946,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2011,10/21/2011,611,712,27,19,20>Friendship is waking up at your pal's place with a hangover and a uterus that is starting a rebellion, and having them say "I'm buying breakfast". If four advils can't help your head pain and lady pain, this breakfast will. Spicy, incredible huevos rancheros, covered in cheese and tangy hot tomato-y sauce. ADORABLY phallic yuca fries. EXCELLENT iced coffee. I was in heaven. For an hour, I forgot my woes and instead appreciated my breakfast and the good (albeit hungover) company. The service was BOMB, our server KNEW how I wanted my eggs. He even said, after I was finished "You like it a little more spicy. I know". I'm like, what are you, in my brain? Get outta there!!
<review# 1947,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2011,10/20/2011,320,397,14,15,16>Meat meat meat meat meat! If you're vegetarian you best stay back because you're in carnivore country but if you must stay then order one of the really great cocktails and steal a pickle off of your friend's plate now and then!It's "family style" servings but I'd liken it more to small to medium tapas plates of some very choice cuts and the occasional piece of delicious offal. Between three hungry dudes we ordered about ten plates with the biggest being the brisket with buns and the half chicken but even then don't expect anything huge.Think of this as a place to sample small dishes of meats with very unusual and savory treatments and unique side items like vinegar-laden broths, pickles and creamy, tangy sauces. It's also not a bad place to visit if you just want a couple of snack dishes and hang out for a few cocktails at the bar. I may very well do that on my next visit.I can't think of another place that approaches meat the same way Fatty Cue does and while it is pricey as hell it's worth at least one try and while you're here definitely get the pie. If you're really looking to go in to quality protein coma by the pound then Peter Luger's is a block and a half away but you don't really wanna steak do you? Where's the fun in that?
<review# 1948,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2011,10/19/2011,227,484,12,23,18>It's really great to have a restaurant like this in Queens.  I gathered a big group of friends and terrified that we'd have to wait over an hr for such a large group, I called them the day before.  Unfortunately they do not take reservations, but the host on the other line was very helpful.  She asked me to call half an hr before they open their doors at 6, and they'll setup a large table if I could make it there upon opening time.  Sure it was an early dinner but it's better than waiting.  Since there were 7 of us, we decided to just order one of everything off the menu.  I think we shocked the waiter by saying, we'd take one of everything.  Everything except healthy stuff, no salads!  After all why would we go to a place called Salt & Fat for healthy salad.  Some of the plates were so small that they're really not for sharing, but we were on a mission to taste EVERYTHING.We had to reorder a few smaller items such as; the Korean BBQ wraps - they're hors d'œuvre size.  Tasty little wraps on bibb lettuce that take 2 bites to finish.  We also reordered the Fried Chicken cuz it was so finger lickin good!  I'd go back just for the Fried Chicken.  The seasoning on it was awesome, I tasted fresh thyme and it was perfectly crispy on the outside (we were fighting for the chicken skin), and juicy & moist on the inside.  The herb ranch sauce is like crack sauce.  Once we had a taste of that, we put it on everything.  The chicken is half a small chicken with white meat & dark meat.  Even the white meat was flavorful, tender, and juicy.  I haven't had a fried chicken like this in ages.    Some of my favorite dishes were the scallops, crack & cheese, Korean BBQ wraps, and the steak frites were good too.  Everything else was good but not amazing.The desserts were amazing though.  We were amazed by the jalepeno, marshmallow, and yuzu lemon sorbet.  The lychee panna cotta was heavenly.Service was attentive and on point, and all the dishes were beautifully presented until we massacred them. The decor is welcoming and romantic.  Although I could see a small bar being put it for people who are waiting for a table/guests.
<review# 1949,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2010,10/18/2011,294,271,10,19,18>Lodged in a quiet street on W 10th, Alta is deceptively small. When the passage opens into the restaurant space, I always wish to be (and luckily am) seated on the top floor. Alta's ambience whispers romance like none other (barring the one time our drunk and noisy neighbours drowned that whisper thoroughly with their raucous yelling), but I would definitely recommend it for bigger groups as well.I think it would be fair to say that almost every small plate at Alta is out to seduce your taste buds. Every dish has something to spruce it up - be it a play of acid/sweetness/crunch or the use of truffle emulsions or an interesting flavoured foam quivering atop the dish. The Philadelphia truffle surprise is sinful, and I end up ordering a couple of plates to share, though I am not usually a fan of the fried stuff. They also have an excellent baked sunchoke dish with what appears to be a tamarind caviar lacing the garnish. Also worth a mention are the warm vegetable salad and the brussel sprouts dish.They have plenty vegetarian options on their menu, and they'd be happy to bring you a separate vegetarian/dairy-free menu if you ask.Their cocktail list is above average, but I think the highlight of beverage list is the expansive wine selection. Wouldn't I love it if they had more wines by the glass. The last time I was there, we were celebrating something special and so the 'ezband went ahead and ordered an excellent barolo (which we paid an arm, a leg and a liver for). And, while I usually never finish a meal without dessert, I think the sweetmeats here are not the highlight of the restaurant.Service is the biggest reason there's a star missing for Alta. When running a wine bar it is utterly important for the server to be knowledgable about every dish and wine on the menu, or at least have a sommelier who can jump to the rescue when the occasion demands it. At Alta, I see none of this. Most of the waiters run about their duty busily and uncuriously, until you track them down to take your order or to refill your glass. And when they fix that, the 5 stars will be theirs to keep.
<review# 1950,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2011,10/17/2011,521,449,23,31,29>How the hell am I ever supposed to know exactly when I'm devouring the best pizza of my life? How many Fridays growing up did my father come home with a pipin' hot pie for dinner? How many singles did I spend in elementary school on slices handed out by class moms? How many drunken escapades have been night-capped at a pizzeria? How many foodie adventures have I embarked upon where pizza was the X that marked the spot?Let's see, we've gotta be able to approach this (somewhat) mathematically. Let's assume I eat pizza once a week. The first four years of my life (when I was either not eating solid foods or trying to be convinced broccoli was delicious) are pretty much a wash when you factor in the four years I was at college (when my pizza intake was more like twice every seven days). That's something like 1,410 times in my life I've sat down for (at least) a slice! I repeat - how the hell am I ever supposed to know exactly when I'm devouring the best pizza of my life?Well, ridiculous odds against this Greenpoint pizza joint aside, I'll be damned if I didn't feel something special as I took down Paulie Gee's Hellboy (Fior di Latte, Italian Tomatoes, Sopressata Piccante, Parmigiano Reggiano, and, the kicker, Mike's Hot Honey). What I am confident in proclaiming is that, with all of the 1,409 times to come before it, I have never had a pizza quite like this one. The spicy, dry-cured Italian salami, sliced like pepperoni and strategically placed to cover the entire pie, had exceptional flavor. Each slice was thin, foldable, and accented by the traditional Neapolitan puffed crust. And, as for the few drops of honey - I said Goddamn! This pizza's hot enough to clear an asthmatic's sinuses on the first pollen-polluted day of spring! Honestly, this combination of heat and sweetness really took it into another stratosphere. It's like Mr. Paulie Gee spent sixteen years perfecting textbook pizza in his spare time, then quit his desk job just to toss those textbooks out the window, opened up a trendy, top-of-the-line establishment on the fringes of Brooklyn, and turned the New York pizza scene on its head. Oh, wait - because that's exactly what happened.As if one tremendous-tasting pizza wasn't enough, I also went for the In Ricotta Da Vita (Italian Tomatoes, Sweet Italian Fennel Sausage, Pecorino Romano, Post Oven Ricotta Dollops, Baby Arugula and Extra Virgin Olive Oil). Bolstered by some of the freshest tomatoes I've ever tasted, this light, angelic pie was the perfect counter to the Hellboy's devilish scorch. Plus, you've gotta love the clever monikers that appear on Paulie Gee's menu, notably the playfully-named Brian DeParma and the fennel-heavy Anise and Anephew.As for the decor, well, imagine a barn. Now, try to envision said barn pumpin' out super-chill classic rock. Finally, picture this barn to be so damn rustic and classy that it doubles as a legitimately romantic date spot. It's no wonder Paulie Gee's hosts a packed house night after night. We were quoted an hour wait at the door, and while we were seated after only twenty minutes, I would've gladly waited the full sixty to taste pizza this delicious.While downing the Hellboy, I struggled to determine where it stood among the ranks of my own personal Pizza Hall of Fame. Had I reached the top? In the eternal words of The Strokes, "Is This It?" Like most life-affirming moments, you're never really sure until that moment has long passed. So, again, I ask myself - how the hell am I ever supposed to know exactly when I'm devouring the best pizza of my life? It's a question that may forever go unanswered, but the Hellboy sure as hell gives the best of the best a real-deal run for their money.
<review# 1951,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2011,1/28/2012,349,349,22,29,29>What do you do when you are bored to death at a sales & trading desk or a specialist booth in a musty, old stock exchange?  You could do any number of things--for example, start a wine store or take to art.  Well, several of the principals and associates at New York Vintners did one or the other, and ended up joining hands to open this location in Tribeca.New York Vintners uses a multi-pronged marketing approach to selling wine--hold wine classes, sell art by Jason Oliva, host private events and dinners, conduct corporate wine tasting events, and so much more.  The store has a great collection of wines from across the world, and the owners are knowledgeable--their expertise goes beyond the basics of appearance, aroma and palate to customizing the choice for your particular preferences.  They have a back room for private events, complete with a master chef who can make things to order, while accommodating the most demanding vegetarians and allergy-prone patrons--having been to a couple of these events, I can certainly speak for the quality of the experience and the food.  And the wine classes, with cheese and food pairings in many cases, are entertaining and educational.Say hello to Shane, Jason, Ryan and the rest of the jolly bunch at New York Vintners.  Test them on their knowledge of wines and art and, for their sake and yours, buy a case of that Château Latour red that you always wanted.
<review# 1952,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/26/2011,1/27/2012,1385,482,27,26,26>One thing I admire about New York is how the city embraces street food as integral to its culinary landscape as its abundant highly decorated Michelin-rated restaurants.  And among the gajillion carts spread across almost every corner, the legendary Halal cart on 53rd and 6th appears to be the undisputed people's champion -- armed with its own website and over 2,000 yelp reviews with a solid 4.5 rating.  You're probably more likely to see Paris Hilton win an Oscar than see this popular cart without a line that spans at least half the block.  Their slogan is "We are different."  Indeed.The line was so long,  you would have thought Victoria Secret models were giving free blow...dryers.  Thanks to yelp advice, I steered clear of impostors from several other corners wearing the same color shirts and made my way to the SE Corner of 53rd and 6th.Yes, the food was worth the wait (and the wait wasn't even that long).  Cheap and good.  The lamb plate was pretty fantastic.  Though my yellow rice was a bit of a grease fest (it's still cart food after all), it was still very good.  The lamb was nice and tender as well, but the star of the show was that delicious, highly palatable white sauce.  Mix it up with the huge pile of yellow rice, meat and warm pita ready and, boom...GOT HEEM!  If you're into hot, the hot sauce was hotter than hades' armpit.  Overall, best $6 I've spent in New York.Don't worry about the oft-repeated "tourist trap" moniker.  Most locals I've met rave about this cart, including my colleagues who took me here for lunch, satisfaction guaranteed.  Anyway, for $6, you can afford to take that chance.
<review# 1953,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2011,1/25/2012,545,1338,32,31,31>There is one question you need to ask yourself every time you go to the Big Gay Ice Cream Shop. Are you gay enough?As if the giant unicorn mural on the wall wasn't enough to get you prancing, you have to channel your inner Rainbow Brite to really feel it.I walked in overwhelmed. How do you order? What is everything? What does this ice cream look like? Is what I am ordering gay enough?I'm a late bloomer to the Big Gay Ice Cream world. I was also surprised to find that the BGICS used to be the juice/smoothie shop Xoom. Well whatever, places close in NYC every day. And I love what the Gays did to the place. *throws fairy dust in the air* It's fabulous!I thought about what I would like on my ice cream cone. Crushed Nilla wafers. Chocolate. My inner anxieties took over. Was that gay enough? It just didn't sound gay enough.So I went with the Salty Pimp, one of the signature items of BG, rather than making my own concoction. Vanilla ice cream, Dulce de Leche, chocolate dipped, and sea salt. WOWZERS! ZING! Oh man. It was good. First of all, the chocolate dipped cone was hard. Automatic win. It reminded me of the hard shell chocolate I used to eat as a kid. That topping was a special treat. The Dulce de Leche was sweet and the invisible sea salt really made the flavors come all together and pop. I would have never thought of sprinkling salt on ice cream, but like on chocolate- a little bit works wonders. I think the salt really was the key ingredient here. As for the ice cream, it really is nothing special. It's mediocre Mr. Softee stuff. But with all the toppings and makeover Mr Softee goes from zero to hero here.SWOON!My friend, who at first said no to the gayness, gave in and got the Mermaid. Vanilla ice cream, Key Lime curd, graham crackers, and whipped cream. We were immediately hypnotized by Splash and gobbled it up. What's not to like about tartness and a little whip? The sundae reminded me of Steve's Key Lime pies in Red Hook. -note to self: must make a trip out to BK soon-I switched back from stealing spoonfuls of my friend's sundae to sucking the ice cream out of my leaky cone. It's okay to eat a little risque at BGICS. They are all fun, games, and innuendo. Hell, some people have said the ice cream is just a tad short of being orgasmic. Um, I wouldn't go that far...I want the American Globs next time. I need my pretzels but it will be hard to separate from my Salty Pimp. Letting go ain't easy.So who wants to help plan my next escape with me? I see ice cream in your future. Tips welcome.
<review# 1954,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2011,1/24/2012,327,345,11,16,16>If you know me, then you know I love speakeasies. If you try and tell me that it's a fad, it's overdone, it's a stupid concept, I freak out. I literally have a breakdown and start telling you how wrong you are. I would rather be in a speakeasy than any other type of bar in this great city.So it's really no surprise that when my friend Lea B. said I had to try this secret bar that just opened up in Chelsea, I obviously cancelled everything on my calendar and went immediately. You are probably now thinking that I am some sort of lush, that my life revolves around perfect cocktails and hidden joints. Not so. I just appreciate the secrecy of the space and if a master mixologist makes me a drink, I am not going to turn it down. So last night, as I was standing outside the coffee shop that is the front for this bar, I got all giddy with excitement. What would I find inside? Would it be big? Small? Dimly lit? Music? Bathtubs for tables? After locating the not-so-secret door, I entered and it was pretty typical speakeasy style set up. My heart still fluttered slightly and we were instantly greeted by the owner, David, who sat us at a cozy table for three. We perused the menu that boasted many gin drinks but also whiskey, tequila and bourbon concoctions, which made me happy since gin and I don't really get along so well. And there was a food menu. Nothing crazy, but pretty substantial for a secret spot like this. Good thing we were starving and couldn't wait to get our hands on some grub. We immediately ordered the lamb chops, which came coated in homemade tzatziki sauce and I don't know about you but one of my great loves in life are both lamb and tzatziki, and when put together, my head explodes from happiness. These miniature lamb chops slid right off the bone and were perfectly cooked. The sauce was clearly fresh and made that day. Since I don't do one of anything and always dine big, we also ordered the mushroom gnocchi, which was delicious and a small portion, which is good since I have absolutely zero self control and would have eaten an entire full sized portion and then felt sick afterwards. Smart little bar. We also tried out their herb fries with black truffle aioli, and I really couldn't get enough of that. That aioli was incredible. We wound up ordering another serving. I know, I know, one should never pig out while sipping their $14 cocktail, but I literally couldn't help myself. Luckily, my friends are foodie fiends too, and chowed down just as hard. Oh are you wondering about my drink? Are you thinking I'm an animal? That's okay with me. I ordered some sort of bourbon-ginger-cinnamon-goodness in a class with a wedge of orange and some oversized ice cubs. I told the waitress I wanted bourbon and wintery flavors and the bartender mixed me up something fierce. Do you want to hear about the decor? No? Well I don't much care, I'm going to tell you anyway. Gorgeous upholstered walls with a baroque pattern, vintage chandeliers and chairs and couches, nooks and crannies everywhere for hiding out...or making out. Everything was dark green and sexy...just the way I like it. The bathrooms were even fun with oversized copper tub-like sinks. The music playing was right out of the 1920's...or Boardwalk Empire.  As I am sitting there, totally full and happy as a clam, I notice there is a gigantic copper vintage bathtub, just chilling out in the middle of the floor. When the owner walked by again, I asked him if he would potentially allow us to get in there and take photos. His response? "I would highly encourage it." To state the obvious, I will be back. Next time with an empty stomach again and quite a few more people. Bar hidden in a coffee shop win.
<review# 1955,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2011,1/23/2012,552,567,51,21,24>'Your hair is your head-suit.' My boss, Jack Donaghy, scanned my limp locks and raises his (thick, silver) eyebrows. 'A Chinatown barbershop haircut, no matter how pleasing at $12,' he continued, 'is no different from wearing a knock-off Gucci track suit. Would you want to be seen in a knock-off Gucci track suit?'I quietly slipped my Cucci brand watch into my pocket. 'Uh-''Here's $70. Go get a haircut at a place that doesn't serve complimentary scallion pancakes to the regulars. You'll thank me for it tomorrow.'After ruminating on which salon was going to pop my Real Haircut cherry, I settled on Hair Metal, a local mecca for collecting edgy head-suits. It famously resembles a tattoo parlor. 'Ed Hardy makes my head-suit,' I practiced saying to Jack as leather-vested Allie lathered my hair. I asked her -as the first white girl to touch my hair in 28 years- if the common knowledge that 'only Asians can cut Asian hair' was a conspiracy rumor propagated by the Asian haircutting community. She declined to take a strong position. Allie gave me a nice haircut. Stylistic differences are minimal (turns out my inner head-suit still favors Chinatown), but she put some lovely product in it following, and offered to trim my bangs for free any time (apparently, that's par for course. Salons! Who knew-). My head-suit is legit, and I've probably crossed a threshold that it would be inappropriate to regress from. But $60 pre-tip (that's a 400% markup from good old Pell Street) is steep shellings-out for, well, no free scallion pancakes.
<review# 1956,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2011,1/22/2012,447,368,12,22,21>Having found Paletas in Manhattan ( La Newyorkina ) and in Queens ( Tortilleria Nixtamal ) it was only time that I came across Sley in Brooklyn.  Paletas, Mexican ice Popsicles usually consisting of fruit juices and chunks of actual fruits, are one of the specialties at this little shop that appears to be an old grocery store from the outside.  From what I've gathered off the internet, Sley's paletas are sold at other Mexican groceries and restaurants but this is the source where they originate from.Staring in through the glass of the freezer, one of the managers (owner?) saw that I was intensely trying to figure out which flavors to get because of the overwhelming varieties of paletas inside ( I was told there was over 30 ).  Figuring out that it was my first time there, he suggested that I try the butter pecan.Me while nibbling:  This is pretty good. Real creamy and smooth with lots and lots of large chunks of pecans inside.  How much is it?Him:  $1 each but we'll give you 24 in a box for $20.Me:  Nice.  So could I mix and match or I could only get one flavor per box?Him:  You could get whatever you want.Me: Ok.  So that means I need to get 23 more after eating this one.Him:  Nooo... that one I give you.  Free.That was real nice of him, especially since he gave it to me even before I decided to buy anything.  The next few minutes had me picking out the flavors that seems most intriguing.  The manager (owner?) was understandably real proud of his paletas and we had a nice conversation about it.  The conversation got so deep that I lost count of how many I gave him to put in the box.Me:  Um... I lost count.  Did I give you 24 or 25?Him:  25Me:  Oh.... Let me put one back then.  Him:  No.  It's OK.  I give you 25.What?  Wow.  I give this place 5 stars for customer service.  Between the 3 places of Paletas that I've try so far, this one is better than  La Newyorkina which was too icy but not as good as the ones found at Tortilleria Nixtamal which was smoother and have bigger chunks of fruits.  The smaller fruits is forgivable in light of the fact that those were $2 each while these are only $1 ( or less if you buy it in a box like I did ). Before I wrote this review, I also tried Strawberry Ice Cream (Fresa), and Mango w/ Chili Ice ( Mango con Chile ).  The strawberry Ice cream was creamily smooth with a decent amount of strawberry pieces inside.  The Mango w/ Chili was more juicy, icy,and sweet from chunks of mango  with a pleasant heat from the chili spices.  They both tasted delicious and cooling on a warmer spring day.From my experience, the fruit juice only based Pops are not as good as the milk based ones so start with those.Although most of the ingredients from what I've read on the labels are natural, some people might want to be aware of the fact that they do use food coloring and natural mixed with artificial vanilla flavoring to create some of the Popsicles.*********************************************Update:  Get the coconut flavor and rice flavor if they have them.  They are spectacular. Some of the many flavors: yelp.com/biz_photos/D3tU…Mango w/ Chili Ice in wrapper:  yelp.com/biz_photos/D3tU…Mango w/ Chili Ice with fruit interior showing: yelp.com/biz_photos/D3tU… Popsicle review #7
<review# 1957,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2011,1/21/2012,80,212,11,22,23>Chinese film auteur Wong Kar-wai's first English-language movie, My Blueberry Nights, received generally poor notices. Most reviewers, used to expecting transcendence from his films, frowned at the stilted dialogue and thin plot, then went right back to loving his Chinese work. But one critic brought up an intriguing, unsettling point: if you really sat down with them, didn't ALL his movies have those very same flaws? Was it just the buffer of them being in a foreign language that had allowed so many cinephiles to blindly worship at the temple of Kar-wai?A complicated issue, and one that flitted through my mind as the first of seven courses at Kajitsu was placed in front of my convive and me. Our server introduced the "terrine of autumn vegetables" by stating that Chef Nishihara meant the rectangular prism to evoke the foliage of Japan at this time of year. The server pointed out that one end (the South) was still pleasantly green, as represented on the plate by okra and broccoli, and the other end (the North) was flush with the crimsons and golds of the leaves turning color, as simulated by carrots, beets, et al.In virtually any other restaurant, I'd have rolled my eyes at what I might've taken to be heavy-handed symbolism. But through a myriad of tiny details of decor and of service, Kajitsu creates such an enveloping atmosphere of having entered another universe that I was willing to go with it. This was when Wong Kar-wai flashed through my brain: was I merely being deceived by the hype, the two Michelin stars, my Japanophilia? Was I forgiving Kajitsu its foibles because it cloaked them in otherworldliness?Then I took the dish on its own terms. I traced from south to north, incising the clear agar in which the strata of vegetation had been set. I moved through the gentle gradations of flavor, of crispness and startling lucidity, and found myself wholly transported into Nishihara's world after all.Let's be clear: that world is not Japan proper! I doubt the literalness of that first course would've flown in the subtle food culture there. And when I was blown away by shojin ryori at a temple in Kyoto itself, I never, NEVER thought it could be transplanted here. It can't. But what Nishihara achieves is something arguably even finer than slavish authenticity to a native template: he fits Japanese shojin-ryori Buddhist temple cuisine into a NYC idiom. By weaving in NY-local seasonal ingredients and ever-so-slightly nontraditional techniques, he acts like a translator of poetry, leaving traces of his own voice on the original, gorgeous framework.Maitake mushrooms -- native to Japan but also to the eastern U.S. -- played a role in multiple dishes, taking center stage in a light tempura crust as it perched on a wheel of tender eggplant above a deeply earthy red miso soup. It was more supporting, but no less striking, in croquette form next to fried nama-fu and sensitively grilled vegetables. (My convive's eyes snapped open at the burst of flavor that two tiny tomatoes on the plate brought.) A simple bowl of steamed kabocha, mustard greens, and taro root made no bid for attention but earned it all the same. Home-made udon with a sesame dipping sauce flecked with shiso and shichimi? Exquisite. So was the hijiki-laced rice bowl that provided a traditional end to the meal, along with tsukemono that spanned the gamut from subtly vinegared cucumber to resonantly piquant kelp.I circle back to Wong Kar-wai: even if you clash with the filmmaker's aesthetic, you cannot credibly argue with the force of his thematic convictions. So it is at Kajitsu. Chef Nishihara's physical hand is behind each dish, true, but it is his metaphorical hand, guiding each meal through its exhilarating yet smooth abstract narrative, that really carries the day. If anyone needed proof that peacefulness does not preclude passion, that reaching for formal perfection does not prevent individuality from shining through all the more brightly, or for that matter that vegan cuisine can excite beyond belief, then Kajitsu will serve as all the anecdotal evidence one needs. Bewitched and blinded by Oriental otherness, you accuse? Fine. Stick to Lupa, Raoul's, Gramercy Tavern. You'll have a good meal. When you're ready for it, Kajitsu will welcome you. It has converted skeptics before, and if you're lucky, it will convert you. Probability of return within 1 year: 20%; this is a place where a visit should not be taken lightly
<review# 1958,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2011,1/19/2012,1231,1149,11,22,16>Definitely one of Bushwick's FINEST places...I've been hearing lots of good things about this place and I was really psyched that I finally got to try it. With a wonderful group of friends of course. Well It's starting to get pretty cold out, During the cold season, seeing this place from the outside it looks like someones garage that's been boarded up. Don't let this place fool you. Behind those wooden doors lies a place that your taste buds will thank you later for.I was here with a big group of people for a special tasting. We celebrated a birthday and the chef prepared a NINE COURSE tasting especially for us.... yeah we dat fancy!The menu (please refer to photos):Tofu & Squash Salad- The texture of this dish is amazing. You have the creaminess of the tofu which has a cream cheese like texture. Thew squash has the great bite to it. Nice and fresh. It's accompanied by grape tomatoes, olives, and lettuce.yelp.com/biz_photos/ZrzS… Pork Betty w/ Wasabi Cream Sauce-The meat just melts in your mouth. It's cut real thins so it's not too rich with each bit. At the end you are left with the sauce on the plate. If I had rice I would dump it on and soak up all that nice sauce... yelp.com/biz_photos/ZrzS…Sashimi & Nigiri-Some of the freshest cuts of fish i've had in awhile. It was so good that no soy sauce was even needed. It's served on a bed of stringed radishes. This was served with freshly graded wasabi. It doesn't get any fresher than this!yelp.com/biz_photos/ZrzS…Persimmon, Beet & Mushroom Tempura-This was a very good surprise. I thought I was eating butternut squash, but it was persimmon. It went very well with the batter and salt. Sweet and salty at the same time. The salt is very special. It's a special Green Tea infused salt that completes the dish. Definitely something to get again!yelp.com/biz_photos/ZrzS…Lionfish w/ Finger Limes-These animals are a thing of beauty. One of the most beautiful fishes in the ocean. Also rare and very tasty. This was freshly prepared sushi style with a special treat on top, Finger Limes. If you have never had finger limes you are missing out. These are little "caviar like" pieces of lime that burst with flavor. This is also suggested to be eaten by itself or with little soy sauce.yelp.com/biz_photos/ZrzS…Prawn Sushi-We were told to eat this with very little or no soy sauce. You really taste the flavor of the prawn with a slight hint of the fresh wasabi that's lightly spreaded between the prawn rice/yelp.com/biz_photos/ZrzS…Sushi Bombs-This wasn't only a treat for the tongue, but for the eyes as well. I have never seen something like this before. This was a fresh tuna roll with cucumber, spicy mayo with a scoopful of crisp rice on top. You have a whole lot of textures going on here. It's amazing! yelp.com/biz_photos/ZrzS…Fried Chicken-The fried chicken here is tasty. It's boneless chicken pieces with a ponzu dipping sauce. Everybody loves fried chicken right?yelp.com/biz_photos/ZrzS…Pork Chops w/ Apples & Pears-This was a mouthful...  You get a thick cut of pork perfectly cooked and seasoned with a side of apples and pears cooked with onions. It's a bit sweet so it goes very well with the pork. yelp.com/biz_photos/ZrzS…Tips:CASH ONLYNO reservations*Make sure to securely lock the bathroom doors. It's a Japanese style sliding door and I did walk in on a nice young lady doing her business. We just laughed it off...The ambiance of the place is really relaxing and romantic. It's dimly lit so you can actually talk and look into your dates eyes. All in all it was a very good experience. This definitely won't be the last time I will be there.
<review# 1959,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2011,1/18/2012,203,112,53,20,19>On a usual Tuesday happy hour, my friend Mike and I needed a place to unwind. We had stopped by Reunion, but for some reason it was packed to the brim and they were playing their West Coast Pandora radio station at 120 decibels.So, I went into my Yelp app and typed in "Happy Hour." The first two places that come up (while standing in Hell's Kitchen) are Reunion and Barrage. I had never heard of this place, "Barrage," but the top three quotes said, '...great place for happy hour...'Perfect!It was shortly after we had our drinks in hand, Mike with a gin and tonic and I with a draught Yeungling, that I began to notice my surroundings. "Odd that there are no women here," I thought to myself, squinting. The reality dawned on us rather quickly, so I suppose the remainder of our silence on the subject was purely out of denial."You realize we're in a gay bar, right?" Mike asks."Yeah. Should we leave?" I inquire, hesitantly."Well, they already have my credit card."So with that, Mike and I enjoyed several drinks and a long happy hour at a gay bar. It was only then that I understood the ramifications of the name, "Barrage," which I can truly appreciate in retrospect. We were waited on by a youthful character in cutoff jeans who was so light on his feet you would swear he floated from table to table. The drinks had sumptuous names like "The Cock Ring." The decor was trendy and modern, appropriately neo-Hell's Kitchen. I'll admit, I found it less than thrilling to use a urinal in the restroom while surrounded by gay pornography on the walls, but by my 4th beer I think I was subconsciously analyzing the photographs as I compared the size of my member to that of male pornographic models. I came out ok.If this weren't a gay bar, I'd go back in a second: Barrage is, overall, an awesome spot. Honestly, I may be back anyhow. I couldn't help but feel like everyone knew Mike and I didn't belong, though. Maybe it's paranoia, but that tingly feeling of being the elephant in the room made it hard to completely relax. That said, a good spot is a good spot: if you're gay, you owe it to yourself to give Barrage a try; if you're a woman, here's an awesome place you can go and not get hit on by douche bags. If that isn't a solid endorsement, I don't know what is.
<review# 1960,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2011,1/17/2012,75,79,9,7,9>OKAY SO this place delivered this weekend. Sunday night we went out to dinner at Freeman's, intent on an hour and half or so meal. We left almost four hours later. I can truly say these things:1.) This is by far the best hot artichoke dip I have ever had in my entire life. 2.) The chicken entree is possibly the best I have ever had, definitely top two. 3.) I don't know what is in the cocktail, "The Freeman", but it is fantastic as well. 4.) I LOVE my friends on the waitstaff. HI ANDY!!Additionally, having the entire couch area in the upstairs lounge was excellent, and I felt like a character from Dead Poet's Society, only with booze.
<review# 1961,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2012,3/2/2013,266,523,13,8,12>After lunching at Per Se, I don't want to eat anywhere else. Per Se has ruined dining for me at any other place. If it's not Per Se, I don't think I can go. There's 2 types of dining experiences, ones that amaze you and everything else. Per Se was amazing.The chef's tasting luncheon was 3.5 hours capped off with a tour of the kitchen. That seems like a long time, but the courses were timed perfectly and it did not feel 3+ hours. The staff was so friendly and accommodating. I whispered "Thank you," and thought it was so quiet that no one heard me. The server said "You're welcome."I didn't order any supplements, and I don't know why one would supplement the Oyster and Pearls for the first course. This dish was my favorite. Every dish was the best I've every had. It was the best lobster, the best beef, the best fish... you name it. Dessert was cray cray.This is a lifetime experience. The staff said yes to every request. I joked and asked if I could have a baby elephant. The maitre d  said they didn't have any. I'm scared to think if they did. How would I take the baby elephant with me back on the subway? If I was in the service industry, I would want to work for the TKRG. They are in the business to please and they execute everything perfectly.I'm already saving up for my next visit. AMAZE BALLS!
<review# 1962,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2013,3/1/2013,164,949,4,17,11>Flatiron Room is lovely.If you've been to Sleep No More, think about the lounge area...live jazz/lounge music, smokey atmosphere...definitely a snapshot of something from the past. Some advice: - Make a reservation. If you are seated at a table, it's comfortable. I wouldn't want to be here without one.  - Ask your server for a whiskey recommendation...They know their stuff here. - Order food. It's amazing. We ordered steak bites, mac and cheese, cheese board, and olive tapenade...all awesome. Some things to be prepared for:- It's expensive. Really expensive. - Beer and wine lists are minimal (and that's probably a generous statement)...This is a booze place. - Our service dropped off big time once it started filling up. My drink order got forgotten about and there were long periods between seeing our waiter.Overall, Flatiron Room is a great place and a much needed addition to this neighborhood.  Try it, at least once, but prepare to drop some coin.
<review# 1963,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2013,2/28/2013,156,475,2,8,5>Tried the new Milk & Honey location last night with Mike B., Phil B. & Brittany G.  You have to make a reservation before hand by emailing them, and don't expect a sign outside, it's a new looking grey door.  It is still under construction (waitress said they were in their soft opening) and cash only.  I love that they don't use menus and just asked what you were looking for.  Here's what I got - all were super strong but delicious:-Tequila, grapefruit, lemon and sugar-Brandy and strawberry slushy (very good considering I don't like brandy!)-Rum, strawberry, ginger and mint
<review# 1964,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2012,2/27/2013,82,39,13,24,7>I want to like this place but the spotty wifi is annoying. I spend a fair amount of money here -- more than just a cup of coffee a day, upwards of $10-$15 every visit -- but that's about to end. I'm better off going to the library on 145th. There may not be coffee there, but at least I can work on (web-based) projects without losing my progress halfway through. It would be tolerable if the staff cared even a little bit about the issue -- but anytime I ask what's going on with the wifi, I get at best indifference and at worst a slight attitude. The last straw was last week, when I was filling out an important job application. It was due by 6pm... and I showed up at Chipped Cup at 4pm. It should have taken me no longer than an hour, but I never got it in on time because the Internet was so slow and kept disconnecting. The staff claims its a Time-Warner issue (which I believe), but then why offer free wifi? Or, duh, get a better router -- other staff members have said the internet goes down when too many people are using it (while, of course, shrugging their shoulders). If the wifi were reliable, I'd give this place four stars. If the staff here were actually skilled in something other than chatting amongst themselves in self-important hipster ways (no, I don't care about the haunted house you go to in Connecticut every year) -- like, say, customer service -- it might even warrant five stars. Until I hear the staff actually gives a damn, I'll be going to the library.EDITED 11.11.12: The owner personally contacted me to let me know the internet issues had been fixed. I went back to confirm, and -- yay! -- the internet seemed better. But then Sandy hit and the few days I went to check out the cafe it was completely packed so I couldn't even order, much less work. Looking forward to going back soon!
<review# 1965,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2013,2/26/2013,311,812,6,13,10>Shorty's is very close to my office and despite it having been open a yr (I think?), I still had yet to stop in.  I told Mike about this "cheesesteak and craft beer bar," and he declared it "relevant to his interests" and the chosen venue for our double date which we scheduled for this past Saturday.  Cheesesteaks are yet another guilty pleasure of mine--no, forget it, I think they're awesome!It's a nicely designed space, almost like a gastropub, but with a menu completely inspired by Philly: cheesesteaks galore, Yuengling-battered onion rings, assorted hoagies and even hoagie salads.  We split appetizers and ordered cheesesteaks.  Everything was delicious.  I stuck to a classic cheesesteak with Whiz and fried onions plus lettuce and tomato in a feeble attempt to add some nutritional value to it.  I was impressed with the rolls which are apparently brought it in daily from the City of Brotherly Love, and the quality of the meat which can often be stringy.  I will say that the sandwiches are huge and can really be split by two people if you aren't famished.  As for the drinks, I was delighted as always to see Southampton Publick House brews on the menu.  For what is essentially a beer bar, Shorty's offers an extensive cocktail menu as well.  The bartender has a good pitching arm.The service was friendly and attentive, and didn't mind that we stayed for a while in our booth, deep in conversation. I've spent a decent amount of time in Philly over the yrs and feel that Shorty's is not only a fitting tribute to a cool city but is also a great bar with a fun concept.
<review# 1966,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2012,2/24/2013,995,53,5,13,8>Benjamin Steakhouse is an incredible experience. The high ceiling, the detailing in the architecture, and the dim lighting all add to the ambiance of the room. We sat downstairs near the fireplace, where Ricky took care of us. I knew going in to order bacon slices, and I have a love for crab cakes so those were immediately ordered as well. They came out quickly, and were delicious. One of the gentleman at the table wasn't crazy for the bacon, one of his pieces was slightly gristly. The crab cakes were 95% crab, no cheap filler or breading. We ordered steak for 3 Medium Rare (despite having 4 at the table), creamed spinach, mushrooms, and a baked potato.Once the entree arrived the dining experience became extraordinary. Ricky served everyone a few slices of the porterhouse. He demonstrated that the steak was so incredibly tender by their dry aging process, that he could cut through the thick steak slice with nothing but a spoon. As we ate, Ricky kept adding additional slices of the porterhouse to our plates. Although he had at least 3 other tables, I felt as though he was always available when needed. The stand out side was the creamed spinach, I definitely recommend it.In comparison to a other well established steakhouses in the area, I give Benjamin the highest regard. They provide the taste and flavors of Peter Lugers, but blow them out of the water when it comes to service and atmosphere. The steak is beyond amazing, and I highly recommend Benjamin Steakhouse to anyone!
<review# 1967,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2012,2/23/2013,171,92,11,13,10>Is this authentic korean food? I don't know. Probably not. My korean friends have shown skepticism. But for a lazy and hungry student who is sick of eating pita chips and hummus but doesn't want to exit the apartment complex, satisfaction becomes the primary concern. And when my friends and I are sick of the books and just want to eat something and watch netflix, we have GoGo-Gi on speed dial. As most reviews have noted (and as GoGo-Gi frequently broadcasts), their GoGo-Gi chicken is hands down the top dish on the menu. A small order will not satisfy so you should just go for the large. You'll get equal portions of rice and vegetables and a generous serving of their lightly battered GoGo-Gi chicken. You can order it sweet, medium-spicy, or spicy. Be warned: their spicy is actually really really spicy so even if you're slightly considering, I would honestly just get it sweet because it's more enjoyable than trying to be a hero. I've also had the bulgogi and the spicy pork which are both very good as well and even their dumplings are pretty solid. As people have noted, the seating area is pretty sparse (hence, why we do delivery). To be honest, I can see myself getting sick of this place eventually which is why I gave it 4 stars but for now, GoGo-Gi has established itself as the perfect companion to pajamas, snuggies, and TV.
<review# 1968,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2013,2/22/2013,74,139,6,12,6>Let me start with the most important part first. Bone marrow and uni?! Yes please!As for the rest of our meal, my wife and I were both pleasantly surprised by The Marrow. I think we had some underlying concerns that this might turn out to be an overhyped "Top Chef" meal from an overextended chef capitalizing on his television fame. The dishes we ordered though were all excellent from appetizers through dessert. Our meal was as follows:The Bone Marrow - I can't add much to this beyond what I already said in the first line of my review. We were originally just going to order one of these, but neither of us felt like we were likely to want to share, so we both ordered one. That proved to be a solid decision.Prime Beef Tartar - If you're willing to eat raw beef, this was a good version. I've had beef tartar in the past that looked kind of like a scoop of Shop Rite ground beef on a plate, but this was definitely not that. Nicely cubed, high-quality beef with crispy chips.Braised Beef Short Rib - If you look on the website, the menu says brisket for this dish, but at least for the night we went it was short ribs. I love short ribs! These were quite good and cooked fork tender and also served with polenta, escarole, and red sauce. Nothing fancy necessarily, but sometimes quality ingredients can just speak for themselves.Pan-roasted Scottish Salmon - This was my wife's main dish. I feel like salmon is one of those things that has sort of become like chicken on menus. People always feel like they should order something "fancier" when they're eating out. A well-cooked salmon dish though can be fine dining, and this fell into that category according to my wife. I tried a bite and thought it was great. Cooked perfectly medium rare.Ginger Stout Cake - As someone else mentioned in their review, this was awesome. Maybe a tad on the sweet side, but hey, it's a dessert.Berliners - Donuts with chocolate sauce. This also falls into the "not fancy" but still yummy category.Service was friendly and dishes came out quickly. Our waiter probably didn't know the menu quite as well as he should have, but it didn't negatively impact our overall experience. The only thing I was slightly disappointed with was the cocktails. I ordered the Bank Robber and thought I would be getting a manly drink since it has bourbon, but it was reddish and in a girly glass LOL. It was plenty strong but not really my thing. My wife got The Old Fiend which looked more like the kind of drink I wanted, but it tasted a bit too sweet for me.
<review# 1969,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2013,2/21/2013,581,422,10,10,7>...Progressive Thai Comfort Food... Let that process in your brain for a hot minute because that is EXACTLY what you'll get here at Ember Room. You'll find that over the course of your meal that these four little words (found on their website) pretty much sum up what this place is all about. What drew me to Ember Room is the slick, and glowing red modern decor. I have a short attention span (like a gold fish or a puppy) so naturally, I am attracted to cool, shiny bright stuff (like cats and children are). I am such a sucker for cool stuff, and Ember Room fits my usual. The staff is so friendly here, everyone is smiley and so helpful. As we got the menu, the first thing I notice is the chef's unique and memorable name, Chef Ian Chalermkittichai. The next thing I noticed was the drink menu. Thank goodness because a good cocktail was needed. Each of us tried a different drink and it was hard to pick a favorite. I had "One thousand and one nights" which is a creation with ingredients gin, fresh blueberrys, and strawberry liquor. Our server made really great suggestions for drinks and for food and was not pushy at all. Next on the agenda was to get some chow because we were all starving!! For apps, we shared Thai Pastrami Meatballs served on a hotplate, Green Curry Lasagna, and Thai Tacos. All had really interesting presentation, and equally good taste. We also ordered a volcano chicken (which they bring on on fire) which has a really amazing crispy texture and a Korean BBQ friend rice. This was a good blend of Asia fusion, modern risks with a splash of "comfort" food. I haven't been so pleasantly surprised in a while, especially since I just found this place by chance.
<review# 1970,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2012,2/20/2013,816,264,11,19,14>Hearth: a word whose Teutonic origins cause both those who speak it and those who hear it to conjure visions of stoked fires and sweeping, wooden eaves. It is no wonder then that in this house that comfort built, chef Marco Canora focuses on rustic simplicity and pronounced seasonality in his menu. I tend to find that heavily seasonal restaurants peak in autumn, given the timing of various harvests and crop cycles combined with our instinctual nature to seek out richer, heartier sources of sustenance. Given the opportunity that M's birthday presented, taking her to Hearth was an easy choice to make.Nestled into an unassuming corner of East 12th street, with only a swath of brick gilded by a back-lit steel sign to mark its entrance, Hearth exudes a certain confident charm. Upon catching glimpses of merry diners through the expanse of windows, you will see that Hearth's confidence is not foolhardiness. On entering, the swath of brick from the exterior morphs into a tableau that envelops the restaurant and the adjacent bar. Copper pots hang dramatically on the wall, gleaming under what feel like individual stage lights. But that is where the drama ends, for this is a place of comfort. The lights are dim, the seating is plush, and the tones are hushed. Though they were few in number, the large groups that were present were mercifully quiet, not boisterous. This is a restaurant for a tête-à-tête, not a girls' night out before making the dubious stumble into the Lower East Side. After M arrived, the maître d' seated us along the aforementioned wall of brick, leaving us with our thoughts and our devilishly enticing wine menus. The connection Hearth holds with Terroir becomes immediately apparent at their first perusal. If a country produces wine, it will likely have a place on the menu. Having planned not to drink that night, the well-curated list proved a formidable test of my conviction. Though I ultimately won out, I would surely ask for a pairing on my next visit.When our waiter, his madras shirt alone further evidence of the unpretentious, cozy nature of the restaurant, came with our menus for the evening, we were presented with equally difficult choices. The entire bounty of fall seemed to be represented on it. We decided to start with a salad of warm autumn vegetables, and a plate of a sort of ricotta terrine with fall greens. The vegetables were absurdly fresh and shone through their light dressing, enhanced by their warmth. The ricotta was fluffy, creamy, mild and sweet. In short, everything a good ricotta should be. For our main courses, I chose the braised rabbit, while M chose the poached cobia. Her cobia arrived, steaming from the kitchen, with matsutake mushrooms, farro, and brussel sprout segments strewn beneath it. As a finishing touch, mushroom consommé was poured over the proceedings. The expected and realized traits of the consommé could describe the dish itself; earthy, light, and subtle. The farro and brussel sprouts were necessary pillars of firm texture, holding the other elements together. My braised rabbit was cooked wonderfully, and the bones intact presentation seemed to heighten the pastoral flavor profile of rosemary, olives and sofrito. The accompanying polenta, while a bit heavy on the rosemary, was equally agrarian, though it was served in lovely copper pots. In retrospect, I rue not partaking in the tasting menu. Seventy-six dollars for several courses of this caliber is a steal. But I digress. Being a birthday dinner, in spite of our mutual lamentation at the thought of consuming still more food, we ordered dessert. My apple cider donuts were like none other I've had, in the best way possible. Flaky, yet dense and cakey, paired with the lightest of whipped cream, they were heavenly. When M's pear tarte tatin came bearing a birthday message ascribed in chocolate, I was grateful at the demureness with which it was handled. No awkward requests, no secret parlance. Just a restaurant performing a kind gesture. That the tarte itself was a luxuriously sweet vehicle for the ever so slight acidity of the pear was merely an exclamation point.Hearth, like many restaurants in New York, does not receive the attention it merits. It, and the homeyness it evokes, are taken for granted in the constant desire to seek the new, the bold. Let the bold and the new clamber over one another for the titles bequeathed by the scene-seekers. Yet and still, Mr. Canora's creation, now approaching its tenth year, lives, and we are all the luckier for it.
<review# 1971,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2013,6/23/2014,105,360,2,6,4>This is the best ramen I've had in New York (and I'm picky with my ramen!). I get the spicy ramen or extra spicy ramen, and both are delicious! One word of caution: the pork can sometimes be a little too fatty, but otherwise I highly recommend this place! Be prepared to wait in line pretty much at any time during open hours -- it's THAT good!-L.
<review# 1972,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2013,6/22/2014,76,138,3,8,4>this place never ceases to amaze me. i still live nowhere near berkli parc but hardly hesitate at the thought of making my way down to the LES for some coffee shop time here. it's been almost a year since my first visit and it still feels like home to me.unlimited access to Wi-Fi. amazing food (the BLTA wins 'em all, although everything I've ever had here is superbly above par). great coffee. beer and wine. perfect mood lighting. and in a great neighborhood.berkli parc is as reliable and consistent as they come. this is truly a gem.
<review# 1973,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2013,6/21/2014,195,134,7,15,10>So, as those following along may have gleaned from other reviews, I've spent a considerable amount of time and energy looking for an apartment over the past few months after a dramatic rent hike at my last place (still bitter). As of now, I've managed to find a solid place on the UES (sorry UWS, I'll miss you), but it's been a transition. The need for a painter arose upon seeing the apartment: great in most regards, with a bedroom [poorly] painted a ghastly shade of yellow. I like the price of the apartment, so I decided the best course for me involved moving and then taking care of it. And so we began the landlord battles. Ultimately, we reached a solid agreement that involved me looking for and organizing the whole...project.'I found Manhattan Painters by typing "Painters Manhattan"  into Google, so...clearly a good name choice. I chose Manhattan Painters initially because of my distaste for speaking with people over the phone; their homepage includes a webform that asks for basic information, so all I had to do was type in my info and wait. I was contacted by Andre far sooner than I expected and we scheduled a consult on the same call. Manhattan Painters  has a classic small business feel: you're not going to get the bells and whistles, a staff isn't on standby on your account there...won't be an app coming out etc. etc. At the same time, there aren't 3 layers of middlemen to speak the guy in charge, and you kind of suspect you're dealing with people who work long hours, hard.I was definitely happy with Manhattan Painters. Scheduling my consultation and the job itself was no problem, even though the weird/late night hours I keep all week makes getting many 'official' things done harder than for most. There were no hiccups in the service and the job was done fast and well (at least, I'm happy - I don't have tons of paint-related experience). My room after the job had no remnants that painters were ever there, other than off-white  walls in place of a hideous yellow.
<review# 1974,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2013,6/20/2014,17,55,3,4,3>I love this breakfast / brunch spot!I first went to their original location and returned with visiting family to their new spot.The food is delicious -- the pancakes with their strawberry butter are to die for. I don't even particularly like pancakes, but something about this combo really set it right.Their egg and omelette dishes are also very good.I also really enjoyed their Bloody Mary's with lots of fun garnish options begging to be tried. The jalapenos or strips of bacon garnishes are my picks.The decorations inside are also fun and homey-- farm animals galore.
<review# 1975,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2014,6/19/2014,99,91,5,20,14>The Garret is an unmarked new bar above five guys. All you see from outside is a chandelier and heads bobbing in the window. You have to go to the back and up the stairs to get to the bar. The chandelier hangs from a large skylight that lets in sunlight and gives the whole room a very bright, natural glow. They play soothing yet upbeat modern folk music that matches well with the woody, spacious interior. Currently only the soft open menu is available and is a little lacking, but I expect good things soon. My first drink was the Rosario stick up which is tequila, rosemary thyme syrup, gran marnier, lemon, egg white, and rose petal . Very light, yummy, not too sweet and very strong. My second drink I just asked for a second tequila based cocktail and got a tequila Collins. A little to simple for my taste to be honest, so I'd give the second drink a three out of five.  My qualms with this place is that it used to be a divey sports bar and all the guys would come up and get burgers, so even on the opening day when it is revamped into a classier place, you are getting a lot of loud raucous kids lumbering up from the five guys downstairs. Anyway the bartenders are nice, trying hard to make good cocktails, and for their soft opening they gave a great showing. I'm eager to come back here in a few months when the place has matured a little more.
<review# 1976,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2013,6/18/2014,322,114,3,10,3>I am addicted to this Italian flat bread sandwich! It is absolutely DELICIOUS. I dream about this lunch spot all the time. I don't work in midtown anymore, but when I take a day off I always go here for lunch because it is only open during the week Monday - Friday!Piada is a very popular Italian flat bread sandwich (Why can't all sandwiches be made with this bread?) and in the sandwich there is a variety of meats and cheeses with argula. I tend to get the prosciutto di parma, stracchino (unbelievably creamy), and argula. I also get the penne with mushroom cream pasta. Appetizing, tasty, I am salivating about the food just writing this review. Around $14 for a combo: a drink, sandwich, a small pasta or salad. The prices are quite expensive but the food is worth a try! So whenever you are in midtown give this place a try!
<review# 1977,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2013,6/17/2014,115,251,8,14,6>I took a long hiatus from yelp bc it was getting wayyy too repetitive writing review after review of the same thing.  My creativity to explain delicious food & good service can only go so far, which is why I went from yelp enthusiast to ughhh no more!  However, brunch at Feast revived my desire to share all the goodness that comes with NYC brunch!!  Feast was uhh-mazing.  It's cozy, rustic free was legit especially on a cold NYC weekend.  Our table was a repurposed antique sewing machine!  The pedals were right by our feet, so adorbs.Some people in our party were late, but no one at Feast made a fuss or seemed to care even though they were busy.  The brunch comes with a drink, entree, & an array of apps.  We were given a bread basket, yogurt parfait, carrot juice shots, potato tart.  Besides being beautifully presented, it was super fun for all of us to have little tastes of everything.  It's a really great way to start off your brunch!All of the entrees are just the right size without making you fall over with the itis.  The whole brunch experience was filling but at the same time, light enough for you to walk away to enjoy the rest of your careful Sunday afternoon.  My smoked salmon was so delicately prepared with pieces of trout & poached quail eggs.  I thought it was delicious but I don't think i would order it again but quite frankly, I can get smoked salmon at a lot of places.  What I did love was my friend's souffle pancakes and I wholeheartedly dislike sweet entree dishes.  It was so incredibly fluffy - a true blend of pancakes and a airy/light souffle.  All of us had to stop ourselves from stealing bites of hers.  Feast is a charming place to dine with friends!  You'll leave filling full, having tried a variety of eats, chatting in a homely, rustic decor, and not suffering from itis!
<review# 1978,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2013,6/16/2014,180,164,2,9,3>Everything about this place is perfect! Lovely atmosphere, not too uptight and not extremely casual, definitely still fun. Great service, our server was really friendly and informative. We asked him a bunch of random questions about the food and he tried answering most and he was really awesome about it. Also, we arrived early and were served drinks while waiting - that was great. And of course, the amazing, delicious, fresh food. We ordered everything- appetizers, raw oysters, entrees, and dessert. Everything was amazing! You can't go wrong. The spicy tuna tartare was amazing!!! Whenever I order tartar (even at Gramercy tavern), I can't really eat too much of it because it gets sickening after a while, but this I could have kept going! I just wanted more. It was so refreshing and it went really well with the vinaigrette. I usually don't order fancy asian dishes but the grilled yellowfin tuna sounded so good, I had to order it. It turned out to be perfect. It was light and flavorful. The tuna was grilled just right. It was amazing. I ate every bite of it.I highly recommend this place and I have to come back again soon!!!
<review# 1979,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2013,6/15/2014,323,343,24,8,11>In the words of Katy Perry:This was never the way I planned, not my intention.I got so brave, drink in hand, lost my discretionIt's not what I'm used to, just wanna try you on.I'm curious for you, caught my attention.I ate goat's neck and I liked it.The taste of that cherry curry,I ate goat's neck just to try it. I hope my boyfriend don't mind itIt felt so wrong, it felt so right.I ate goat's neck and I liked it.
<review# 1980,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2013,6/14/2014,156,380,3,7,3>Another one that I've been dying to go to but needed a good excuse (hello, Mom in town).  She and I feasted on a variety of the small plates such as:Kampachi Tartare, Avocado, Sechuan Buttons, Toasted Pinenuts, Saratoga ChipsOctopus, White Beans, Cranberry Salsa Verde, Irwin Farms Baby ArugulaFoie Gras and Bread Service, Summer Berries, Toma's Wild EdiblesEverything was superb.  The Kampachi came with a little bud (for lack of a better term) that you swirl around on your tongue to numb it before you eat the kampachi.  This allows your mouth to really take in all the specific tastes of the fish.  It was crazy.  I wanted to order another one!  The wait staff was great, although they did take my mom's wine glass before she was finished (bad move with that lady).  Overall, it was a delightful evening and is the perfect spot for an anniversary, parent dinner or group of girlfriends.
<review# 1981,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2009,5/28/2010,229,165,16,10,14>On a pretty block in a pretty neighborhood opposite a pretty brick wall lays a pretty petite cafe that goes by the name Gitane.I waltz in and it's kind of teeny, a wavy counter to my right, multiple tables squeezed by a banquette to my left. Pretty gals in little green numbers are the waitresses. Pretty hippity-hip people with pretty clothing that is casual but magically draping their pretty bodies perfectly are dining. I see my table with my pretty friends. They make me sit bitch on the banquette, but I am at a table with 4 hot ladies, so I am sitting pretty.The waitress is polite and patient while we chatter and pay little attention to our menus before realizing, oh jeepers, we don't know what the heck we want to eat (how odd, considering we know what we want to drink almost immediately). I peruse the menu, poring over varied options ranging from a scrumptious sounding waffle to cous cous (my friends tell me everybody raves about it, but they disagree) and meatballs. Gitane is, unfortunately, out of a tasty sounding tuna ceviche special.Ordering time and the sky turns dark from an unexpected eclipse whilst pigs sprout wings and take to the sky as I, yes, I -I order a salad.I know, I know. Who am I? A real wildcard, that's what! A rebel! But really the answer is I'm a man who enjoys his veggies but also rarely opts to go for the shrubbery solo. Usually it accompanies some platter of unfortunate creature, but on this rare occasion I had had a late, heavy lunch thus rendering this early dinner unimportant for nourishment purposes - twas merely reinforcement rather than main event.This lucky salad, the anointed one, was arugula with beets, green olives, walnut, apple, and goat cheese croutons (which turned out to be 3 little slices of bread with goat cheese melted on it, not that I'm complaining, I just have issue with it being called a crouton). The dressing was good, not overbearing, and it tasted very clean and refreshing, devoid of the excesses of a good slab of animal. All these little elements complemented one another, a little party of healthy goodness in my mouth, and I was enjoying my fray into this world until I inexplicably stopped.It wasn't because it was bad, it was tasty, it's just that I got bored to the point that I got indifferent and let it inexcusably go to waste. I, platinum card carrying member of the Clean Plate Club, failed to finish a measly salad! I think it's because I ate most of the arugula without getting all the chopped up bits in each bite - this is a skill I have not developed yet. Salad eating is difficult! So then all I was left with was chopped olives and walnuts and apples and it just seemed silly to eat that without the arugula.As for the other foods, the brie with apple appetizer got friend approval. I tried the baked pasta with breadcrumbs, prosciutto, and gorgonzola - basically a heavy, rich mac and cheese. The chicken satay my friend ordered looked, well, sorry. The food isn't bad but it doesn't blow your socks off, granted I wasn't wearing socks anyways 'cause it's the summer and socks are a no-no with my rolled up jeans. My rolled up jeans are a no-no as well, but let's not get into that... Hey! Don't think I don't see you giving me the Manhattan once over! Don't knock it till you've felt the sweet ecstasy of air swirling around your ankles and up to your calves, gently circulating, delightfully caressing your leg hair.Despite my gut feeling that Gitane is more of a laid-back hangout than a restaurant, I find I may have to get a salad at Cafe Gitane again sometime, purely for the afterglow that must've enveloped me after eating it. Allow me to explain -I was walking after dinner through Union Square Park when I encountered one of those meddlesome SIDEWALK IS CLOSED - WALK ON THE STREET BASICALLY AND HOPE THIS RINKY DINK PLASTIC BARRIER THING PROTECTS YOU thingys. So I make the detour and traverse this narrow pathway, flanked by barrier/doom to my right and gaudy construction fence to my left.I round a curve and there's the end in sight! Glorious resumption of sidewalk! Alas, a group of 3 come into my little tunnel, walking side by side as opposed to single file. Two men, and HER, the One, my Queen of Queens -6'4" in heels. 180 lbs. Long flowing locks. Beads of perfumed sweat meandering down remarkably toned arms. Legs like redwoods. My Ebony Goddess is closing in. I notice she isn't moving to her side of the walkway, she is blocking my path. I stop, to allow her to cross in front of me.She gently wraps her arm around my waist, her hand seductively trailing from my hip across my abdomen. I can't hear her sweet nothings as my iPod blares. I am trapped and laughing. She then grasps my left buttock. I do a little hop-step forward.Jeez, at least buy me a drink first?3.5 stars to Gitane, .5 stars to getting groped by a cross-dresser - it could've been more stars, but no payoff after all that build-up... What gives!? Lazy!
<review# 1982,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2010,5/27/2010,646,1303,10,22,20>Blue Hill served me an absolutely fabulous meal replete with some of the freshest ingredients I ever tasted.  This observation is counterbalanced by the fact that Blue Hill has the slowest service of the more than 35 Michelin starred restaurants I have been to in the city.  Fortunately enough for Blue Hill, the food is worth the wait. Our table of six was split evenly between partaking in that evening's tasting menu or ordering a la carte.  It was with great fortune that Blue Hill will allow both types of service at the same table -- a rarity.  I opted for the 5 course tasting menu ($72) along with wine pairings ($42).  Amuse Bouche 1:  a rack of baby spring vegetables with greens attached.  Whimsical, folksy, and delicious.  Adorned only with salt, these vegetables were excellent and obviously freshly picked.  The signal was clear for what lied ahead.  Amuse Bouche 2:  Bread.  First served with butter (seemingly freshly churned) and then again later with a selection of powders and spread.    Functional but not particularly special.The waitress then visited our table and informed us that the first course of sea bass had run out.  One of the three of us would have to settle for cobia.  We all looked distrustfully at each other and asked to share the sea bass instead.  The request went unheeded, and I wound up with the sea bass (and a complimentary glass of rose from the Loire Valley).  This was probably because I was the only one doing the wine pairing.  First Course:  (looks at watch, we are 1 hour in at this point).  The much touted sea bass served with ramps, green garlic, littleneck clams, and squid ink pasta.  A perfect dish!  The sea bass was perfectly cooked with lovely texture -- delicious.  The ramps were in season and especially tasty.  The green garlic had an important note in the dish, and the clams were great.  The squid ink pasta was served as a handful of bowties, so soft, so lovely.  What a resounding start.  Second Course:  Blue Hill Farm Egg served with dandelion greens, pancetta, and Stone Barns spinach.  The egg was resplendent.  It was centrally perched with arms of dandelion greens emanating from it along the plate.  The pancetta added a surprising note of heat to the dish.  The egg was so beautiful, I didn't want to break the yolk.  Breaking the yolk though, brought the components of the dish together, and it worked wonderfully.  Again, another success.Third Course:  Farmer's Cross Pig served with grilled asparagus, pickled ramps, and hazelnuts.  The ramps, while a repeat ingredient, were welcomed due to their inherent freshness.  The pig boasted a lovely color and was remarkably tender -- so delicious.  The hazelnuts served as a simple adornment atop the pig.  To the side the two spears of asparagus were placed as an "X", and there was the bonus inclusion of pork belly.  Pork belly?  I was in heaven.   Another lovely dish.Fourth Course:  (notices watch, we are 3 hours in at this point).  With the service so noticeably slow, the kitchen provided this course to all six members of the table rather than just the three who ordered the tasting menu.  The course was rhubarb and lemon thyme soup served with a fromage blanc sorbet.  I know, it sounds dubious, and I never intentionally ordered rhubarb before.  Too bad, because the dish worked and rhubarb can be quite good when it is fresh.  The course worked well as a palate cleanser and boasted a refreshing, clean flavor.  Fifth Course:  Flourless chocolate cake served with chocolate, rum cream, and cocoa nib ice cream.  Again, this sounded dubious, and again I was wrong.  Yes, another great dish.  I will spare further words of praise.All of the wine selections worked especially well.  I was even pleased to have a lovely dessert wine.  At the low price point, this was probably the best wine pairing in the city -- a much better bargain than ordering individually.  We asked for the bill and wound everything up after 4 hours of service.  We were the last table left in the restaurant, so we literally closed the place down.  Leaving at 12:30am on a Monday night was a bit more than anyone bargained for.  Clearly there was a problem or three in the kitchen, but I am happy to report that the food did not suffer in the least as a result.  What was so remarkably special about this meal was the simplicity of the effort and the high quality of the ingredients.  The chef has a sure hand and can quickly sum up what adds to a dish and what detracts from it.  The farm fresh ingredients are the backdrop that makes every dish pop and stand memorable.  It is a lament that we can not all eat like this every day.  Highly recommend.
<review# 1983,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2010,5/26/2010,1651,2742,16,35,27>When people think of the "best pizza" in New York, immediately people tend to think of places in Brooklyn or Manhattan and maybe the Bronx.  Very rarely will people consider Queens, but if it were true, then Rizzo's would be the Q borough's finest representative.Truth is, it's hard to give them any less than 5 stars throughout all of my experiences.  Their pies are fantastic and the service is unparalleled.  I would go as far as to say the customer service is the best I've ever dealt within any pizza joint in the 5 boroughs.  I've ordered this pizza from all over in Astoria, Steinway, Long Island City, and Sunnyside, and even when we were out of delivery range, Rizzo's still managed to make an exception for us.  They genuinely care about the quality of every pie that leaves their kitchen and take great measures to ensure they arrive in perfect condition.  Shockingly, they have offered me a refund during times at which they had the wrong topping or when I was incorrectly charged.  It's hard not to be impressed with the level of service they exhibit for every customer and every pie.  They have even called me on occasion to see that everything went smoothly. They specialize in thin crust pizza with both Neapolitan and Sicilian styles.  The special combinations are all good, but my favorites have to be the all meat combo or the spinach + garlic.  And what is it with that sauce?  It's smooth in texture, with just a bit of tart while lacking the gooeyness.   The cheese is just right, not too overwhelming and complements the rest of the ingredients nicely.Delivery is decent, though they will give you an honest assessment in that most deliveries will take at least 35-40 minutes.  During their busiest times it can take as much as an hour, hence, keep the orders simple and the appetites at bay.  Credit cards are accepted here and the prices are reasonable, especially given the sizes of their pies.  Similar to Spumoni Gardens (yelp.com/biz/l-and-b-spu…), these babies might require 4 people at minimum to finish.Ultimately, it doesn't take much to recognize why these guys are on top of their game.  When all cylinders are clicking for them, Rizzo's deserves to be in the conversation of the best Pizza in New York.  If not, they're easily the best in Queens.
<review# 1984,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2009,5/25/2010,151,352,19,18,24>I swear, we were one beer/song away from making babies in the back booth, because something about the dark lighting, cozy atmosphere, and phenomenal food of The Redhead set off all sorts of hormonal urges within us.We entered early on a rainy Saturday evening and chose to sit at one of the high tables and enjoy cocktails. He had the Gotham, a smoky take on a Manhattan, while I imbibed an Aviation with ease. At the time, the Redhead was mainly filled with patrons at the small wooden bar, talking quietly and making amorous eyes amongst themselves while, like us, waiting for the official dinner service to begin.Thirty minutes later, we sat in a plush, L-shaped booth and got down to business; deciding what to eat. He chose the NY Craft Beer Week pre-fixe, which included 3 courses with their matching NY beers for $40. However, since there was only one pre-fixe menu, I chose to order a la carte and have my meal timed with his.First up was his tarragon, potato, sweetbread soup, with my onion-dip + home cut waffle chips. Now I've never been a big fan of organ meats, but his sweetbreads were like animal candy in my mouf! If this is what I've been depriving myself from for the last 20-some odd years, I'm ashamed. When coupled with the sweet-cream butter on their fresh rolls, his soup was a silken, milky heaven of fresh herbs. Though my fresh onion dip and thick cut chips were also enjoyable. hands down, his soup stole the show.Now, the entire evening, we were singing along with the old-school soul hits by the likes of Al Green, Smokey Robinson, and the Temptations, but once our entrees arrived we hushed all of that and started to sup. I curiously chose the beef tenderloin with polenta and plums, while he had the duck sausage, white beans, and kale-like greens. And oh my gawd, our food was SLAP-YER-GRANDMAW GOOD! The duck, beans-n-greens dish was the perfect fall feast; earthy, soupy, rich, warm, savory...and all served up in a bowl. My tenderloin was like butta, perfectly medium pink and deliciously prepared with a plum-n-onion reduction drizzled over the meat and the fried, yet, gooey polenta fritter that accompanied it.Respectively, we were mouth-fucked by our meats.We finished with a huge slice of German chocolate cake with coconut ice-cream for him, and a delicious ramekin filled with caramel banana pudding for me. Like the proverbial icing on the cake, both desserts were the perfect ending to our lovely meal; his cake was rich and coconutty, with my banana pudding being chock full of Nilla Wafers and with a caramel crust topping.Yes, The Redhead might be a tad small and cramped at peak times, but just like it's namesake hair color, authentic joints (via price, atmosphere, and flavor) like this are rare.
<review# 1985,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2009,5/24/2010,794,428,24,21,23>Whaaaaaaaaaaaaat?!How is this place actually gorgeous? Not Chinatown-gorgeous, but actually GORGEOUS. Beautiful minimalist nature paintings on relaxing moss green walls--- it's like a haiku for the eyes. Wait... haikus are for eyes... I guess it's just like a haiku...How do they NOT use MSG? The pho broth had a strong aroma of anise kissing oxtail. Making out with oxtail. Having crazy sex with oxtail. Having a relationship talk with oxtail. Going steady with oxtail. Getting pregnant with oxtail. Keeping the baby with oxtail. Having a shotgun wedding with oxtail. Giving birth with oxtail. THE BABY IS BEAUTIFUL.  The "eye of round" for a real deal pho is supposed to be nearly raw--- this was the case for my dish and I almost cried with gratitude because they got it right. I pushed the tender, thin slices of beef into the hot, steaming broth and made it a little more medium. The heat cooked it to perfection, it melted in my mouth like buttery sashimi. The wife already had her "eye of round" well done and ate her pho with deliberation--- savoring the soup solo before adding all the spicy (cock sauce), crunchy (bean sprouts), and herby (Thai basil) accoutrements.We also got the coconut shrimp because this place is ambitious and offers many Thai and Chinese dishes as well. It wasn't so good, not coconutty enough--- stick to the Vietnamese food!
<review# 1986,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2009,5/23/2010,87,272,15,10,12>Every guy fantasizes about what their basement will look like when they "grow up."  (Never mind the fact that we've been pushed into the mancave by the females in our lives, but I digress)...It would have a bottomless fountain flowing of Hoegaarden and delicious cocktails.  Friendly & cute waitresses serving kobe sliders, rosemary fries, and of course, chocolate covered bacon.High Def TV's in every nook and cranny, Foosball, Ms Pacman, various board games, and a pool table.  Naturally, there would be a flea-market purchased wooden horse staring at you while you shot billiards that you would yell at to stop jinxing you.  I'd also have a personal DJ spinning my favorite tracks from my younger years that you listen to while laying on a plush couch, smiling, thinking about how much you love your life & how far you have come-  like, say, "Top Of The World" by Brandy.  Naturally, after a few drinks, you'd start rapping to the horse.  The music wouldn't be too loud, because then the horse couldn't hear my melodious voice.I'd also have a chill bouncer at the door, who recognizes & says hello to my friends, and shows all the others to whatever the B&T crowd thinks is the new "it" spot.  :::looks at horse & points:::"Pat B, on top of the world... top of the world, top of the world, top of the world...."
<review# 1987,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2010,5/22/2010,275,454,15,23,21>With the notoriety rendered upon the majestic proprietorship over Pizza in both Manhattan & Brooklyn, one would question why such offerings are not more highly acclaimed on a little road called Arthur Avenue in the Bronx? From the ramblings of my fellow compatriots, a restaurant located on Arthur Avenue that simply goes by the name Restaurant 0-8-9 is known to serve one of the most humbling and delicious renditions of Neapolitan Pizza in all of the five boroughs.  For those of us whom have been privy to this find, the restaurant is better known as Trattoria Zero Otto Nove (or Restaurant 089 in Italian).The Setting:  To describe the interior confines of Trattoria Zero Otto Nove would be doing it an injustice; the decor is best observed first hand.  At first entry, patrons are in the main bar area of the establishment.  The modest decorations ranging from solid red tiled floors and walls gives this segment of the establishment a relaxed feel.  Immediately after being escorted through the bar is the true marvel of the edifice.  The 20 foot tunneled walk into the main dining room possesses a secretive and tranquil feel.  From the lightly stained sand color rugged brick walls to jagged wooden oak stained doors housing the lavatories, the interior confines immediate produces a feeling of minimalism & grace.  Upon immediate entry to the main dining room is where the true spectacle of Trattoria Zero Otto Nove's architectural genius comes to light.  From initial observation, patrons will find that the decorative art painted on the walls depict scenes of Italian villas and daily neighborhood activities.  The natural light from the clear glass roof opening allows for a candid yet serene feel to the main dining area.  For those dining at Trattoria Zero Otto Nove, the decor of the establishment renders feelings of relaxation and subtlety; thus mirroring the tranquil feel to those experienced in mainland Italy.Despite the appreciation to the attention and detailed rendered to the design of the establishment, Rachel & I are here for the Pizza...Pizza 1: "Margherita" - Simplistic in its design is the classic Margherita Pizza.  Containing San Marzano Tomatoes, Fresh Buffalo Mozzarella, and Fresh Basil, the presentation of the dish mirrors all other renditions previously consumed.  What should be noted about Trattioria's rendition of this Naples classic are the aromatics stemming from this concoction.  From first scent, patrons will discover a hearty and robust flavor stemming from the San Marzano tomatoes.  A secondary note of buttery sweetness is detected from the Buffalo Mozzarella.  At first bite, patrons will be privy to an explicit flavor profile that's comparable to many, but far exceeds anything ever consumed.  The first notable detection is the slightly charred foundation of the pizza.  The protrusion of subtle sweetness yet savory bite of the San Marzano Tomato Sauce are greatly subdued, yet amplified, but the rich and delicate flavor of the Buffalo Mozzarella.  Patrons will find that the exertion of both sweetness and bold savory properties to work in conjunction with both the San Marzano Tomato Sauce & Buffalo Mozzarella.  Although the Fresh Basil was slight in the application, the subtle hints of vulgarity derived from the refreshing properties allowed for the pungent flavors of the Margherita to truly amplify.Pizza 2: "Caprese" - Contrary to the exquisite and exceedingly complex flavors of the Margherita, the Caprese embodies a subtle yet well balanced flavor profile.  The aromatic base of the application is best described as refreshing and earthy, with little notes of spice and boldness detected from the shaved Parmigiano Reggiano.  At first bite, patrons will discover that the heartiness embodied within the Margherita isn't present with this rendition, but rather a subtle, delicate, and earthy presence.  With a strong bitterness derived from the Arugula, that's complemented by the sweetness of the perfectly ripe Cherry Tomatoes, the pizza itself is transformed to a rendition that embodies a cleansing property when consumed.  The slight application of the Buffalo Mozzarella provided the much welcomed buttery sweetness that amplified the earthy flavors of both the Arugula and Cherry Tomatoes.  Ultimately, the Caprese pizza embodies the true earthiness and complex flavors of the ingredients used in the application.  Although lacking the true heartiness of a San Marzano rich application, the Capreses embodies simplicity, which helps to amplify the natural sweetness and delicacy of the ingredients used in the application.What Pizzaiolo, Robert Paciullo, embodies with his creative rendition is that of exquisite perfection, that's complemented by the exceedingly impressive flavor base.  For those venturing to Arthur Avenue, Trattoria Zero Otto Nove is a must visit.  Such perfection must be sought.
<review# 1988,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2010,5/21/2010,545,1338,19,22,17>My love for Panya is turning into a slight obsession. I could never go carb-free based on my visits to Panya alone. To be carb-free would be to dishonor Panya. It's just too good to let go of.The business hours are weird. I remember walking around one evening and it was closed. Then again, we're in New York and this is my memory I'm recollecting. It could have possibly been near midnight. In that case, the bakery hours make total sense.Another evening I came by to find a basket of day old breads. Each bag was $2.50. I got three strawberry filled danishes for the price of one. I went home and nuked them. They were divine.I indulged in their green tea cookies. Tiny, crunchy, hideously green, and full of sugar crystals... I think they should go hand in hand with a cup of tea. I had mine with a glass of water. They hardly taste like green tea while you're eating them. Two minutes later there's an aftertaste hint of green tea and it doesn't go away. God it's good.Bread. Oh Panya. I mistakenly thought the namesake meant bread (yea!) like in French. I'm so wrong. The bread is so right. The half loaves can be sliced to your liking - thin, medium, or thick. The medium is for toasting. I would think the thick works best for french toasting. Their bread is amazing.Raisin - It's sweet and smells sugary. There's more raisins in Panya's loaves than in a box of Raisin Bran. Danish- I call this bread "Jippan" because that's the kind my mom used to buy in San Francisco. It was magical bread. It was like a bread loaf of croissant. At Mitsuwa I bought it and it was called "Boloniya". I think Panya calls it Danish. It's the best thing on Earth. It tastes like butter. It's light. It's got layers of Heaven. I love this bread.I love everything at Panya. They have everything from hot food and rice wrapped in seaweed to baked goods and Hi-Chews. It's everything Japanese individually wrapped, so cute, so tasty, so sweet, so awesome.Someone stop me. I'm starting to resemble a sumo wrestler.
<review# 1989,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2010,5/20/2010,476,542,18,40,38>Located on a very scenic part of Coney Island Avenue, this Turkish cafe sells freshly made baklava and what brought me here in the first place: chewy ice cream.That's right. After attending the Secret Science Club a few weeks ago[1], I learned from NYU Chemist Kent Kirshenbaum and Chef Will Goldfarb about an ice cream made in Turkey that stretches. This ice cream is made from the root of Maras Dondurma[2]. Although the plant is protected, apparently, this ice cream is a very popular snack in Turkey.Gulluoglu came up in a quick google search, and so off we were, my gf and I, on a mission to try chewy ice cream.Gulluoglu, which has been around in Turkey since 1871 and has more than 20 locations in Istanbul alone, is mainly a baklava bakery, and their ice cream is imported from Turkey. Too bad it is not made on the premises, because I've heard that people can make some pretty funny tricks with this ice cream when they serve it. Oh, well, next time I'm in Istambul, I guess.On a Saturday afternoon the place was deserted, except for two men watching Turkish soccer on a flat screen tv. VH and I sat by the fire place, and just relaxed while eating our ice cream.The ice cream ($4.95/250 gr; vanilla is the only flavor available) is of a very pearly white color, with sprinkled pistachio on top. It is served with a knife. And you do need a knife to cut it! The result is a very tasty ice cream with an incredible  consistency and texture; unlike anything I've tried. Think taffy that bites you back.This place is very nice and I would definitely recommend it not just for the ice cream, but for the wonderful pastries as well. We sampled some of their baklava, and they were all excellent: crisp and not sticky, lots of flavor without the overwhelming sweetness that you sometime get with baklava. Moreover, each different baklava have different consistencies. I suggest to give up to curiosity and try a few. I particularly liked the one with chestnut inside. Their savory cookies (kuru pasta) were also excellent: shaped like mini-pretzels, they have a wonderful, flaky, consistency, and come in two flavors: with  sesame seeds and with anise seeds.PS: It seems that Ilili also makes chewy ice cream: newyork.timeout.com/arti…--------------------------------------------------­-----------------[1] yelp.com/events/brooklyn…[2] The bulbs of this wild orchid contain a mucilaginous carbohydrate called glucomannan, which the orchids use to retain water during dry periods.When dissolved in milk, the long coiled glucomannan chains bind up and block the movement of water molecules, and thicken the milk.
<review# 1990,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2010,5/19/2010,203,182,15,15,15>If you find yourself in Flushing on a frigid, windy night, there's only one way to warm up -- stuff your belly with piping hot dumplings, and lots of them. My friends and I found White Bear shuttered on a recent night. But I remembered this excellent recommendation by Melissa Z just around the corner.It took a couple address checks (and a rereading of Melissa's review) to verify that yes, hiding somewhere beyond the buckets of dried seafood, grains and herbs, there was a dumpling shop. A really excellent dumpling shop that looks just like a showroom kitchen.We took seats at the folding tables surrounding the kitchen and glanced over the menu. It's not about the usual suspects, pork & chive or pork & cabbage, at this place. Here you'll find offbeat numbers like pork & fennel, mutton or pickled vegetable dumplings.We ordered the vegetable dumplings, pork & fennel dumplings and spicy wontons (Singapore spicy dumplings?). The woman dug through various bags to assemble our order and started boiling the dumplings in the model kitchen while we snacked on a bowl of pickled vegetables.Ten minutes later, the dumplings hit the table. The pork and fennel dumplings were fantastic and unusual (though, as one other reviewer said, fennel may be a bad translation for dill) and the spicy wontons were exceptional -- perfectly acceptable stand-ins for the soft spicy pillows served up at White Bear. The vegetable dumplings were tasty but not my top pick. Next time, the mutton.Just after we finished eating, we settled up and the woman closed up shop, dragging a metal grate down. The shopkeepers smiled as they showed us the door. And as soon as it had begun, the dumpling fantasy was over, and the kitchen had disappeared. Out into the night we went, bellies bracing us against the wind.
<review# 1991,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2006,2/13/2007,349,349,31,15,48>.                           Yay!                                        Subways                And big buses too           NYC Transit really rules!      Amazingly, runs 24-7 each dayA fitting network for the big, bad city      Yes, there are flaws (and rats)           But how it has improved                7 million rides/day                       For just $2.                          Wow!
<review# 1992,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2007,2/12/2007,9,65,16,4,6>New York's Penn Station is home to the greatest fashion show on earth.Instructions:Arrive early Sunday morning and you will see all the people arrested by the fashion police the night before who waiting for their court mandated ride out of town.  We're talking people wearing nothing more than crabs and footie pajamas.  Or how about a theme outfit of golden dollar signs on a white jumpsuit with matching sneakers worn, and here's the important part, WITHOUT IRONY.  I won't even get into the guy who wanders around in short shorts with a plastic crate and screams like someone just stole his ice cream.I'd give it six stars if I could.
<review# 1993,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2006,2/11/2007,23,17,1,4,7>As close to Paris as you can get! Cozy joint, crowded (of course), tables close as they should be, sort of like a French mess. Food is great (but somewhat slow), atmosphere likewise (but not slow).  You will probably have to wait in the bar but that's OK cause it is full of nice beautiful people who just love to talk to you. Service is friendly and has a younguish touch to it which is perfect for an old guy like me. If you want to find a place for your next date this is a good candidate.  Go for the sensual oysters.  So enjoy, and if you need company for dinner gimme a call!
<review# 1994,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/21/2006,2/10/2007,276,401,4,5,6>Yeah, it's kinda cool to be surrounded by Cy Twombly and Julian Schnabel pieces while quaffing cocktails.  I admit that.However, I feel there's something lacking in the execution at the Rose Bar.  If you go, make a resie (if you can get one) and be prepared to endure moving tables, paying high prices and dealing with pretentious patrons.
<review# 1995,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2006,2/9/2007,27,114,3,7,4>I went to Under the Volcano for a work gathering the other night and it was a wee bit too crowded for my taste.  I think it's because it got the after work spillover from The Ginger Man.  There was nary an ounce of space to squeeze through as I attempted to reach my drinking party in the back.  However, once I reached the back it was a different story as my work group had managed to commandeer nearly all of the seating and thus made for a comfortable experience the rest of the evening.  Not to be overlooked is the fact that they also serve food here and at a very reasonable price.  While I did not choose to partake in a dining experience, my co-workers had only positive things to say about their eats.  All in all, Under The Volcano, has beer and I enjoy drinking beer so I guess I could enjoy Under The Volcano...but only if I'm in the back area...I think.
<review# 1996,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2007,2/8/2007,98,60,20,11,9>Fabio eats here. Isn't that enough?It took us a while to decipher the menu. We wound up ordering a selection of items - sushi and "robata" which prompted a Styx joke.The robata is basically grilled items on skewers. Foie gras and marinated pineapple, shrimp and scallion, duck and lychee. It was all stellar.And Fabio was there.The sushi was excellent - the Fatty Tuna was some of my favorite and the Rainbow Roll had that crunchy stuff that I like. Three girls harassed Fabio. They wanted him to autograph their boobs. Classy ladies. He was real nice about it. And that's one thing I learned at this meal: Fabio is nice-o.The waitress was lovely. She suggested against one bottle of wine and her recommendation was quite good and she listened to me tell a crazy stripper story, which she didn't have to do.In all, great place, and it didn't cost me a penny thanks to the magic of friends in town on business.Apparently Fabio eats there a lot, so if you love to eat Japanese and look at Italian, this is the place for you.
<review# 1997,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2006,2/7/2007,200,301,7,3,4>Party all the time. Party all the time.Been here a few times, and most recently with some quite stellar dining companions.  It's the perfect spot for a fun AND affordable gathering.  Place is decorated 24-7, 365 for any and every holiday...celebration...fiesta...you can imagine.  It's amazing--just don't stare directly at it.  They even do lights off celebrations. OLE! My favorite is when they make the chili pepper lights flicker.  We even got our very own free ice cream and chili pepper lights flickering moment. The ocassion you ask? It being Thursday. Us being fabulous. It being 68* on November 30th. You know.  Food is good--comes out quick.  Space is a little cramped, but hey! Welcome to the East Village. Service is great--they're super super nice.  Handshakes for all on the way out. EYYYY! Definitely the top choice out of your 6th St. choices!
<review# 1998,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2007,2/6/2007,186,108,9,4,8>Ok, where do I even start here? Roosevelt Field is, without question, the most fantastic mall on the planet. Though I am not a big fan of many things coming from Long Island (and I am a Long Islander myself, so no offense to any others) I can not go to any other mall without thinking, "Roosevelt Field is waaaayyyy better than this hole-in-the-wall". From the very basics like the Gap, Express (mens and womens),  Abercrombie, and J.Crew, to the slightly more upscale chains such as Jasmine Sola, French Connection and Coach, this place has every store you can imagine. One thing I must warn you about- parking is a bitch. Never expect to be able to get a parking spot in front of Nordstroms or Bloomingdales, unless you're willing to circle the parking lot for a couple of hours waiting for a spot to open up. Right outside Macy's is your best bet for a free spot.And ladies, did I mention you might even be able to get your boyfriends/husbands to tag along with NO complaints!? Just mention the words "Game Stop", "The Sharper Image", and "The Apple Store" , and they'll be waiting by the car, keys in hand.
<review# 1999,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2006,2/5/2007,268,228,5,6,6>Awesome melt-in-your mouth, fresh , charbroiled cheeseburgers that are not too big and not too small.  Just right.  It is one of the places I trust to order them very rare.This local place also has excellent pizza, souvlaki, salads and other Italian sandwiches and platters. Note: they are Greek, but they do pizza, etc. as well - if not better - than most places.  Not to be outdone,  their french fries are some of the best around, and addictive. If I am driving by, I immediately turn into a raving carnivore.  One burger usually does the job, but you could easily eat two, if you are having them for dinner.  Something about this burger really hits the spot.  Even having had a single order,  a four-hour drive later I am still too full to eat.  I have not been here for at least a year, (having lived in the neighborhood for awhile before moving back to Manhattan),  but the staff still remembers me.  As for the service in this casual little pizza-parlor type of place, it is always cheerful and personalized, and has a real neighborhood feel. You can also call Pete's ahead and get your order 'to go' - whether you're hitting the road, or taking them home.   Delicioso!  (I would give them five stars, if it were not for the fluorescent lighting, ha ha.)
<review# 2000,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/21/2007,2/4/2007,4860,175,11,19,14>When I was still with my boyfriend, Olives was on my list of places to try.  We never got around to it...  Until we broke up -- I asked that our break-up dinner be held there.  (Do I know how to break-up or what?  The girlfriend before me asked for her break-up meeting to be held at Church Lounge.  (The conversation started when I told him that one of my exes had seen too many break-up dinners at Pomodoro on the UWS.  I had always joked with my most recent ex that he should take Pomodoro reservations as a warning sign.))Anyhow...Being situated in the W Hotel Union Square, the hotel is full of the usual beautiful people.  After wading through the ones in the lobby & bar, you reach a hip dining area that is not overbearing.  High ceilings also help the airy feel.The menu is full of delicious options.  Since my (ex)boyfriend & I are big eaters, we decided to go with the tasting menu.  Note: It's either everyone does the tasting menu or no one does it.  What's unique about their tasting menu is that it's not preset in the pick one of X choices.  Instead, you tell your waitperson your likes/dislikes & the kitchen surprises you.  The food was good, but a little heavy on beet/radish usage -- We assumed that this was the cheapest ingredient the chef could find to use??  We didn't mention beets/radishes as a like.  In fact, it was a bit of a dislike.  Well, surprise!  Individual courses are a bit on the small side, but after all is said & done, there is enough food to satisfy you.I wasn't too impressed by the dessert -- Didn't wow my tastebuds or eyes.  Unfortunate.Cocktails were a few dollars less than expected, which is not to say they were cheap.Overall, I liked the meal, but I won't be rushing to return.  Still, I'm glad I finally got to try it.- - -Rest rooms are a hike.  Leave the dining area through the crowded bar, through the crowded lobby lounge, through the hotel lounge, up the stairs, down the hall.
<review# 2001,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2006,9/6/2006,9,20,3,4,5>Badass fact #1 about Ibby's Falafel: their falafel kicks ass.  And the claim below that this is the best falafel this side of the Hudson isn't technically wrong, but there's more: a food personage no less than Robert Sietsema of the Village Voice claims that Ibby's, and I quote, "blows MacDougal Street out of the water."  Ahem.Badass fact #2 about Ibby's Falafel: They're open until midnight. This is nothing to sneeze at in downtown JC.Badass fact #3 about Ibby's Falafel: they sell tshirts which have "Jersey City" emblazoned across the back so you can represent, and wear your JC pride.
<review# 2002,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2006,9/4/2006,8,140,17,5,5>the last time i tried to eat a sandwich bigger than my head i woke up in a cold sweat chewing on my pillow.  when you are lucid and you think you are up to the challenge, go to carnegie for their paean to meat.  more stacked than anna nicole smith in her prime, any sandwich on the menu will twist your cap back.  it will also twist your wallet back since most sandwiches start around $12-14 and get up to $20+.  do the math before you write this off, this is easily a two-person meal unless you are a transit cop.  that being the case, it's just an appetizer.seriously, check my picture of the chicken salad sandwich with bacon.  i think it weighed 4 pounds and i had to eat it with a fork.  maybe i can file worker's comp for throwing my back out trying to lift the thing to my face.   the counter guys are cool and if you know any spanish, it might go a long way towards getting 42 slices of bacon instead of the 40 that a normal sucker gets.  muy bueno!JCTSFR: 5.31
<review# 2003,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2006,9/3/2006,3042,749,18,7,7>I LOVE THIS PLACE!!! Pomme Frittes and Red wine Galore. The food is delicious!Get ready to sit very close to some strangers... big place but you're packed in like sardines. Excellent food, great scene.  Plenty of other people waiting at the bar with you for a table.  VERY VERY LOUD. With such an extensive menu there will be plenty of items for you to choose from. Great place for Brunch, Lunch, or Dinner!Date Rating: 8Pick up Scale: 6Strong Suggestions: Warm Goat Cheese & Caramelized Onion Tart, Chicken Paillard, House Made Fettuccini, Roasted Beet Salad, Roasted Pork Medallions, Sour Cream Hazelnut Waffles, Scrambled Eggs in Pasty Puff.  Sooo many good things to choose from!Funny story:A friend of mine one night was with me and attempted to pick a little blonde vixen sitting at the table next to us.  She was very sexy I must agree with him on his taste... but haha hello it seemed like she was on a date!!! Come to find out they were married!  Of course my friend had no idea until the man said that he had stalked the woman for years and in order to prevent her from obtaining a restraining order he married her -- best way apparently to follow a woman (make a note guys).  Okay maybe it wasn't that funny... but she squeezed through the tables with her bottom facing us which simply confirms how close together the tables are and that married women are trouble makers too!
<review# 2004,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2006,9/2/2006,0,0,4,11,8>Miracle Hair Workers!  These women seriously saved my hair.Here's the story:  One day I decide I'd try and dye my hair black.  I bought semi-perament stuff at the store and wasn't worried about it because it was my understanding that it would wash out.  I think you know where this is going...It looked awful!  Like I was a goth kid with black straw all over my head!  After repeated attempts to wash it out I called the number on the back of the box.  The lady on the other end seriously seemed pleased with my misery!  She said:  "Honey if you dye it darker it don't wash out."I freaked out.  The worst part is that my natural hair color is gorgeous!  Brown with natural reddish tints!  I called salons in the phone book alphabetically, desperate for an answer.  I'd never even heard of Color Correction but figured at least someone would dye my hair a less hideous color.I called Alice's and they gave me an appointment THAT DAY!  Alice was actually there!  (She's so cool by the way.)  Anyways, I still don't know HOW they did it but they completely got the dye out of my hair!!!!  They restored my natural color without totally frying my hair!!  I was so happy and grateful it was ridiculous!  These women (and men) are phenomenal!!!!!
<review# 2005,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2006,9/1/2006,210,126,3,4,6>This alphabet city location for Turntable Lab's original flagship store, long and narrow like a car on the 6 train, will always hold a special place in my heart. You'd  be hard-pressed to find a cooler destination to pick up the latest and the greatest in original vinyl, white labels, dj accessories, and equipment.  Can't find that hot pink ortofon scratch cartridge or those aero slipmats you've been looking for? Want to get your hands on a Rane mixer at a decent price? Turntable Lab is the spot for you.  I try to stock up on fresh vinyl at the storefront every time I'm back in NY, but online shopping with them is a breeze too, due in part, to the Lab's  very reliable reviews of the latest cutz.  Turntable Lab also carries a dope selection of cds, dvds, ipod accessories, clothing, magazines and books.
<review# 2006,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2006,8/31/2006,0,0,6,14,9>Moishe's is great!  I've used them 3 times now and each time they were excellent.  I've heard the horror stories about the other places (I won't mention the names) so if you're worried about picking a moving company go with these guys.  They're consistent, reliable, and affordable.   Moving is such a pain in the a** but Moishe's made it bearable.
<review# 2007,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2006,8/30/2006,24,70,6,10,5>What...they have fish and chips here?  I have been here about ten times and always go for the Fried Mars Bar.  Stop...don;t make that face.  Like everyone else, you will regret it!!!!The Fried Mars Bar is an incredible dessert.  It is an English Mars Bar (richer than the American version), coated and deep fried for a minute so it comes out greaseless, with a crunchy coating and the candy bar inside just starting to warm and melt.  Like everyone else I have taken there, you will make a face when you order it, make a face when it is handed to you but, I guarantee, when you bite into it, it will be a WOW!   I have been with people who ordered one, walked out of the store to eat it, get down the block and turn around to get another one once they took a bite.Oh, and BTW... I have had the fish and chips here.  It is quite excellent and authentic.  Also ..gotta love the "Thank Cod, its Fryday" tee shirts.
<review# 2008,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2005,8/29/2006,37,138,18,15,12>Claude is a snarly old man, but one fateful night while he slept, angels must have slipped into his home through the window, and covered his hands with their light, silvery angel kisses.  In short, the man knows what butter is and how to use it.When you come in, Claude will probably scowl at you.  As he rings up your purchase, he will do everything in his power to make you feel like you should be buying more than you are.  Frankly, he's right.  You should be buying more than you are, because these pastries are some of the best in the world.The patisserie looks unremarkable from the outside, and there is no defined vibe to the clientele-- the first time I came here there was a businessman at one table and a hobo at the other, and the second time I came here there were a couple of pre-teen boys clutching skateboards.  This is not a hipster place, or a foodie place.  It's just. . . an amazing place, with amazing baked goods.The plain croissants are unspeakably delicious, as every review of Claude will tell you.  If they sell out before you get there, try a croissant with almond filling-- in my opinion they're friendlier and more complex than the somewhat overpoweringly sweet pain au chocolat.  The coffee is cheap and hot, and a pretty decent excuse to make a visit to Claude your first errand in the morning.Beware: if you have Claude's eclairs with a date, there is a strong possibility that your date will become confused and fall in love with you based solely on the fact that he or she associates you with the eclairs.  These pastries are powerful stuff.  Use them wisely.
<review# 2009,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2006,8/27/2006,226,449,2,4,2>Usually I frequent the BB&B on 6th Avenue but sometimes I duck in here when it's a low traffic kind of day because there's parking and almost as good a selection as the Manhattan locale. I know that people are surprised sometimes when this chain store gets reviewed here on YELP, but let's be honest. Sometimes you need all your housewares in one place!
<review# 2010,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2006,8/26/2006,219,850,1,3,5>Some people listen to NPR in the morning. Others, at least in New York City, tune into NY1 on the television. I wake up to the same song on my CD alarm radio every day -- Green Day's "Going To Pasalacqua" -- and once I've risen and made my way to the bathroom to shower, I tune in a portable radio to WKCR, Columbia University's radio station.Why? Jazz, man.WKCR is my kind of radio station -- heavy on the jazz and new music (the early afternoon new music show is amazing; right now, they're playing Peter Brotzmann, Willem Breuker, and Evan Parker's octet work "Machine Gun"... holy cow!) -- and the DJs are intelligent and well versed in the music they're playing.At times, the DJs can be long winded -- they know so much! -- so a shower can go by without hearing any music. But, like WNUR in Evanston, Illinois, this might be one of the better college radio stations in the country.Left of the dial, of course!
<review# 2011,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2010,3/31/2011,80,212,20,20,16>I have a T-shirt depicting a pig. Delicious parts of the animal are colored red, nondelicious parts green. The entire pig is red.Being ethnically Filipino means that this shirt merely restates an axiom of my existence. Filipinos love pigs -- a love that involves slitting their throats, bleeding them to death, sticking poles through their mouthes and anuses, and spit-roasting them for hours. No less a luminary than Anthony Bourdain has deemed Filipino "lechon" the world's finest preparation of pork. Thus, I have high standards for my pig preps. It usually takes a thermonuclear bomb to move me to rhapsody about a pork dish, and there aren't Ippudos on every corner, so.There aren't Fatty 'Cues on every corner, either.Let's get this straight: America is better off that there aren't. The menu is, ahem, unapologetic. A side of Pullman toast comes with "Master fat," a promising phrase if I ever saw one. It turns out to be like Jewish-style schmaltz raised to the nth degree: drippings from every single species that goes through the restaurant's smoker, which by my count is seven. I mean, if I have to convince you of the appeal of dipping soft white bread toast into a ramekin of seven-animal liquified fat, then I doubt you should be going to Fatty 'Cue.That'd be a shame. You'd miss out on the amuse-bouche we got, a delectable swirl of clams, bacon, and "bone broth" served in a soup spoon and chased with, ha, a vermouth shot. We quickly followed that with the red-curry-rubbed duck, the meat a touch chewy but blissfully smoky. Here Zak Pelaccio's Asian-crazy palate yielded clear dividends, crisp skin yielding to juicy fat like a best-of-breed Cantonese roast duck. Included curry and rice seemed perfunctory, but a bedding of pickled daikon provided a cleansing touch.All these were undercards to the main event, the whole reason I'd dragged my convive, a 5'9" slender wisp of a woman with an enviable stomach capacity, out to Williamsburg. You see, every Sunday, Fatty 'Cue smokes an entire pig, and I don't mean a suckling one. It's a huge f***er of a sow, chopped up and served in chunks. Except, I'd heard you could reserve specific parts of the pig, which I'd done the day before.So when I heard someone in the kitchen shout, "The pig's head is a GO!", I knew we were in for a world of pork.Words can hardly describe the experience of getting half a huge pig's head laid in front of you in a single piece. "Epic" will have to do. It. Was. Epic. The pig's head had been neatly sliced in half as if by katana, the inner side a lesson in cross-sectional anatomy. I pointed out parts to my convive as I stuffed them into my mouth. "This is the soft palate, mmrrph. Tonsils, omnomnom. Pterygoid muscle, chumph. Eyeball..."I'll get back to the eyeball.Meanwhile, on the outer side, the skin glistened invitingly, but herein lay the pig's only major flaw: unlike the heavenly skin of Filipino lechon, the hide here was tough. Flavorful and orgiastically smoky, yes, but better suited for gnawing than swallowing. I still sucked on the ear hungrily, though. Removal of the skin revealed a layer of subcutaneous fat both titillating and terrifying -- we scraped most of it off onto a designated Fat Plate, but I couldn't help sneaking the occasional lipid globule into my mouth anyway.Under the fat? The meat of the cheek. Oh, glorious pork cheek! The meat's softness was gradated, transitioning from pillowy tender and juicy at the top of the jaw to are-you-sure-this-isn't-pure-fat-too succulent near the snout. This is where my convive concentrated her attack, ripping away tendril after tendril of evanescent protein faster than even I could handle. Deep to the facial muscle fibers was mastication muscle tissue, more actively used and thus less fatty. Nonetheless, it was analogous to a chicken's dark meat, with slow-twitch muscle fibers giving it a different texture that was no less wondrous.Anyway, the eyeball. I ripped it out of the socket like that scene in Kill Bill 2, and it came out cleanly, trailing orbital fat and a segment of the optic nerve. (The optic nerve!) It looked disconcertingly like a human eyeball, a fact that did not dissuade me in the least from sucking out its smoke-touched vitreous humor, then swallowing the remaining corneal/retinal/neural complex whole.All this came with perfectly steamed bao, a chili-infused vinegar sauce, and a smattering of radishes and cucumbers. This nod to Peking duck is the sole Asian gesture in the dish, but if I haven't made this clear already, THE PIG'S HEAD STOOD ON ITS OWN. Otherwise my convive and I wouldn't have fingered the various orifices in its skull for as long as we did, trying to scoop out every last bit of muscle, of cartilage, of lymph node. Truly an experience to remember. The naysayers who claim to be carnivores yet can resist this pig's jowls? Your meat-eating cards should be revoked immediately.Probability of return within 1 year: 10%, for health reasons
<review# 2012,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/24/2010,3/30/2011,226,316,12,17,20>Here's how to truly become the village scandal - wear nothing but what you can buy at the Village Scandal!I was admiring my friend's ear muffs while we ate dinner, and she started going off on this adorable little hat shop that I should go to sometime because they seriously have the cutest hats. Well.. after dinner, we ended up getting sidetracked by something shiny (or rather by hunting for something sweet - dessert!). As we coincidentally passed by, she literally stopped mid-sentence, pointed at the store, and exclaimed, "Side tangent. There's that shop I was telling you about!" I'm not sure how loud she was or if it was just fate, but the employee inside must have either saw or heard us from across the street. He waved us over to come inside. Seeing as how it was meant to be, we decided to pop in for a quick look.The employees were both very happy and super helpful. When I mentioned that I wanted to look at earmuffs, Clay straight up pulled about 8 of them and lined them up for me to try on. He kept pulling warm and fuzzy hats for us to check out too. They have some of the funkiest hats there including hats from the 40's, tiny Lady Gaga-like hats,  and even hats that are shaped like horse heads.I'm sure you can guess what happened: IMPULSE PURCHASE! And zero buyer's remorse! I heart.
<review# 2013,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2011,3/29/2011,545,1338,26,33,30>All hail the Korean taco.Only those most dedicated will be rewarded. A trip to Hahm Ji Bach in Murray Hill (Queens) is a hassle unless you have a car but it is well worth the trek on the LIRR, bus, or by foot. Do not let any distance, rain, sleet or snow hold you back from coming here. Please do not bring any vegetarians or non pork eaters with you. The inability to participate in gobs of meat and the epic Sam Gyup Sal will only cheapen the Hahm Ji Bach experience.Sam Gyup Sal. What is it? It is pork belly and the only pork belly I'm willing to eat the fat of. Sam Gyup Sal makes Peter Luger bacon look like weak sauce. The "bacon" at Hahm Ji Bach is bigger, meatier, badder, tastier, and more wonderful in every way. I was supposed to hold the bacon up to my face to show for scale for my friend in Texas but the waitress cut it into pieces once it was cooked. If you thought Luger bacon was big, the "bacon" at Hahm Ji Bach is the size of a record lengthwise. Oh it's thick too.Sam Gyup Sal is the real Korean taco. Forget those food trucks or standing in line at the Hester Street Fair. We wrapped the Sam Gyup Sal in a radish "tortilla" but not without dipping it first in the sauce, crushed peanuts, bean paste, and topping it with perilla leaves. I think I had seven. I could have eaten it all night so much that I neglected the bulgogi, kalbi, and spicy pork. The bulgogi was sweet and a little lacking in color. The kalbi was like thicker steak and the spicy pork still tasted raw to me. It wasn't very spicy either. I would pass on that one. We also got complimentary beef and cabbage soup. It was delicious and tasted like something your mom (or my mom, well actually my grandma) would cook at home.The service is excellent at Hahm Ji Bach and great for groups. I had a table of 14 and we got the secret room downstairs. It is a great space for a private party and almost felt like we were in a house. The really nice waitresses warned us not to get too many sides because the banchan would be plentiful but we couldn't have a Korean dinner without seafood pancake and Japchae. It was so good and since our tables were filled to the brim, they served everything to us on our plates.We got a lot of different banchan than what I am used to. I didn't get to try all of them as the dinner was quite overwhelming but the gigantic block of tofu and giant cucumber slathered in kimchee was amazing.As we talked about Red Mango and Quickly bubble tea for dessert our prayers for a palate cleanser and something sweet was answered. We got carved pineapple and icy bowl shots of pumpkin. My friend spiked it with soju. That may have been the way to go but without it was just fine. It's actually a very interesting and refreshing dessert. It tastes more like corn or mango (shush!) but when they told us it was pumpkin, I could taste how it had that squashy flavor.Hahm Ji Bach is the best Korean restaurant I've ever been to. Special thanks to i. p. for boasting this restaurant. Read her reviews. Don't let the red hair fool you. She is Asian.
<review# 2014,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2011,3/28/2011,0,304,64,22,47>I like men with muscles and I do love sex,But I'd rather have mussels here at Flex.I like my mussels hot and steamy,I love them soaking in broth both rich and creamy.Ahhhhh...I get such a high,From the coconut curry broth known as "The Thai".It's nicely seasoned with lemongrass, coriander, ginger, garlic & lime. The exotic spicy flavor is sublime!Ooohhh...I'm drooling over "The Maine".The lobster, smoked bacon, parsley & chowder combination is insane! My taste buds were awaken,From the smoky flavor of bacon.I wish there wasn't so little lobster meat, But I'm satisfied there's plenty of mussels for me to eat!I'll definitely pass over a night of hot & steamy sex,For a pot of hot & steamy mussels here at Flex!
<review# 2015,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2010,3/27/2011,81,207,16,12,12>Ever since Ippudo's arrival, Momofuku seems to have fallen out of favor with the pretentious-about-ramen crowd, but I still enjoy it. It's probably among the most "inauthentic" you can find, but hey, it's still a great big bowl of slick, chewy, very clean-tasting noodles and delicious pork, with a nice little poached egg thrown in there too (reminder: poached eggs can improve just about anything). Sure, you may have to turn in your Ramen Hipster card by only waiting half an hour to eat here instead of waiting 16 hours for Ippudo, but if you're okay with being a pariah a big heap of satisfying, slurpy noodles will be your reward. The pork buns are also a treat, though much as I hate to admit it, Ippudo's still has the edge, and I don't see them being unseated in that department anytime soon.Man, I can't believe Momofuku is no longer the "hip" ramen joint (let alone that there's even such a thing as a hip ramen joint). 2006-me would be spinning in his grave.
<review# 2016,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2010,3/26/2011,163,562,10,22,21>I've watched Chef Harold Dieterle's assent to culinary relevance with interest.  It arguably started with a close win in Top Chef S1, punctuated by a unmistakable success in Perilla, and recently rekindled with the opening of Kin Shop in the West Village.  While Kin Shop didn't have the flash and pomp as a Michael White or Jonathon Benno opening, it's a terrific addition to a New York restaurant scene that's in sore need of upscale, yet honest Thai Food.The decor and scene is muted, bordering on boring but without an ounce of pretension.  The most exciting visual element is the open air kitchen at the rear of the restaurant, where a lucky few customers eating the at the bar can watch the cooks at work.  Service is casual and efficient.We've seen flashes of brilliance in the subtle Thai flavors at Perilla, and now we get the full thing at Kin Shop.  The curry sauce accompanying a starter of bay scallops was so good, I was left awkwardly clawing at the plate with my fork to scrape up the last puddle of sauce.  A side of preserved watercress & mustard greens was assertively spicy and bold, though unbearably pungent.  Despite a multi-toothbrush and mouthwash circuit, the stench of preserved greens was recriminate on my breath.The real star of the show was a Massaman goat curry.  The slowly braised goat neck was fork tender and impossibly fragrant - a truly noble end for our goaty friend.  A sliced duck breast is simply paired with fresh herbs and is meant to be placed in a pocket of crispy roti and drizzled with a red curry.  An absolutely superb bite of food. This restaurant shares kinship with the scene and prices of other West Village restaurants, but compared to the other Thai joints in the city, it's a brother from another mother.
<review# 2017,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2011,3/25/2011,400,317,31,25,24>Oh dear god, the white truffle gnocchi... ::whimpers, shudders::Excuse me for a minute.------Apologies. I'll start again. I probably would never have tried Nica, thinking it was one of the same-old, same-old, well, *old* Italian places that populate the Upper East Side. But several months ago, a dude who wanted to romance me suggested we go, on one condition: I had to order the gnocchi. I figured I could suffer through that. Fast forward, and I have been there several times since. I can't stop with the gnocchi, and the stuffed artichoke is phenomenal. Let me say that again. The stuffed artichoke is phenomenal. It's better than my mom's. Don't tell her. There's a wonderful selection of wines, both by the bottle and the glass (Super Tuscan and Nero d'Avola last night, ftw, my friends). Don't even think of just looking at the menu and ordering. The extensive "specials" list, which will be narrated to you, is where the really good stuff is. Be warned: Nica is tiny. There are fewer than 20 or so seats, and the tables are elbow-to-elbow close. So it would not be the perfect place for a super-private conversation, or a raucous girl's night out. But it's awesome for a date night, or a small family dinner, or an intimate catch-up with a good friend. Also, it's cash only. And the prices, while certainly not exorbitant, are not for the faint of heart.Oh, and as Katy D said, "this restaurant makes you want to make out." Yep.
<review# 2018,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2010,3/24/2011,467,299,12,13,13>Though I have never actually bowled here, I am pretty bowled over by everything else this place has to offer. ?uestlove's dj set was perfection. A mix of throwback soul and funk sprinkled with some hip hop classics to get your rump shakin'. Speaking of shakin', their fried chicken is a far cry from kraft's shiesty shake n' bake. To be honest, it may be some of the best fried chicken I have had to date... yeah, that good. if this were facebook, I would "like" this place (yeah, I just said that, don't hate the playa, hate the game).
<review# 2019,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2010,3/22/2011,447,368,18,28,23>Minetta Tavern, with its' impressive reputation, seems out of place as it is located in the middle of an area of MacDougal Street better known for it's bar scene and fast food joints.  The unassuming exterior with it's black curtained windows hides a dimly lit tavern with a sense of history.  Surprisingly, for a restaurant of this caliber, the interior feels very cramped... and I mean that in a "hey, I am seated right next to a stranger from the table next to me a mere foot and a half away" kind of way. They  were packing in the customers like sardines in there to make use of every inch of space available. Not that big a deal if the person sitting at the next table is a pretty girl (or handsome guy if that floats your boat more) but not so great if it's a sweaty fat dude.   If you want a private romantic date, this is not the place to be.Despite how they cram people into it's space, getting a table is pretty hard.  Be prepared to book up to a month in advance.   If you don't want to wait that long to try out their menu, you could always scrap the idea of eating at the table and dine at the bar instead.  I've read that you could get any of the food from the menu there anyway.Minetta Tavern is well known for their black label burger and that was what my dining companion and I ordered.  The burger patty is a blend of  dry aged rib eye, NY strip, skirt steak, and brisket.  The meat was rich, beefy tasting, soft and perfectly medium rare in the center as I had ordered.  The exterior of the beef patty also have this nice crispy, charred coating to it that gives it a nice contrasting texture with each bite.  The burger comes with lettuce, tomatoes, and a generous helping of caramelized onions sandwiched between a soft bun.  There is an option to add cheese to the burger but the burger is rich enough without it.  Besides, you are already paying $26 for this incredible burger, how much more expensive do you want to make it?  Along with the burger, the plate came with a crispy pickle slice and a large pile of fries.  The fries are cut shoe string style and reminds me of the best fries that McDonald's made before they changed their recipe to be more health conscious.  Normally comparing something to McDonald's is an insult akin to "ha ha, your food tastes like crap" but for this, I consider it high praise.As a side dish, we also ordered the bone marrow.  This came with 3 large halves of bones split down the middle to get to the marrow in the center.  The marrow, when combined with the crispy bread and sharp, sweet shallot spread was decadently rich and flavorful.  In terms of the 3 high end bone marrows that I have tried in NYC, I would rate Blue Ribbon's with it's amazing oxtail spread in first place, this in second, and Landmarc's as third.  Would I pay $26 for this burger again?  Yes I would but maybe only once or so a year.  It's not exactly cheap you know.  Next time, I'll probably just eat by the bar because waiting a whole month to eat here when I have the cravings for it is not exactly going to be fun.
<review# 2020,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2010,3/21/2011,794,428,25,24,19>It's where celebrities, ABT dancers, and the people who run New York City train. It's not because it's beautiful, although it is.It's not because it's state-of-the-art, although I've never seen a cleaner or more up-to-date gym.It's not because it's run by competent and professional physical therapists, acupuncturists, and world class athletes, although they posses all these mind-blowing features.It's because they will make you look like a stripper.A slutty, hot, sex goddess that will make eyeballs melt.I'm not exactly at that level of carnal perfection, but I've been going now for three weeks and I feel healthier, happier, and focused.Stu and Christina are a power-couple that runs the gym and their training is scientifically driven---- I've never trained so hard or efficiently in my life.And when I mean train hard, I mean, the first time I ever trained with Stu I couldn't sit in chairs, get out of bed, or sneeze. Now I'm getting a lot stronger and everyone who works at the gym, especially fabulous Hugh, have been very helpful and encouraging. I wouldn't gym anywhere else and neither should anyone who's really serious about getting into shape, this is best way, in the best place, with the best people.
<review# 2021,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/12/2008,8/11/2008,88,21,21,15,15>oh, Apex Bus, we have so many memories together!!! I almost forgot about you!! I don't know where to start.  Here are some of our best (and not so good) memories together, that I can recall:*happy, reminiscent face*You helped me move to NYC from DC. Ela and I would take your 3:30 a.m. bus from Rockville, MD to Chinatown, NY, look at apartments for a day, then hop right back on to the 11 p.m. bus back home, where you would drop us off in a random parking lot off of Rockville Pike.You are quite easy to find without remembering exactly where you decided to park the bus in Chinatown. When I didn't know my way around NYC, alls I had to do was wander down to the general area of Forsyth St. and wait for a four-feet tall, abrasive old woman to grab my arm and shriek at me in Chinese, while shoving bus tickets in my face. Once I would hear "DC!" I knew right away I came to the right place.**sad, sulky face**But, Apex Bus, we have had many bad memories together as well. Do you remember the time when you made an unannounced "detour"...to Philadelphia? (Who does that??!) See, that was not cool because I had to pee really really bad that day and the bus driver didn't want to make a bathroom stop because the Philadelphia detour already tacked on two extra hours to the total travel time. And your bathroom....well, the Apex Bus bathroom- that's a whole other review for another day. I have never been physically blown away by a smell..until I met the Apex Bus bathroom. I literally took a few steps back, as if the smell had reached out and pushed me. ugggh *shiver* So, you see, holding my pee for 7 hours and getting a UTI was a more desirable prospect then using your bathroom and getting splashed with gonnareah, chlamidiyah, herpes, hepatitus A & B, old Chinese man honka-loogies, old poo and pee and diarreah and vomit and spit, and possibly passing out and dying from the toxic stench.Then there was that time I woke up extra-early to catch your 5:30 a.m. bus- and you never came!! I waited!! *sniff* and waited! *tear* And you never came!! Then I had to go all the way to the D.C. office and rip that guy a new a**hole so I wouldn't have to pay for my ticket on the next bus (which wasn't until 11:00 a.m.)So anyway, Apex, your wheels may be all old and rickety and the bus may start to shake violently once you hit above 50 m.p.h on the highway, but we have accomplished many things together. I actually haven't taken this bus in years, but, if things are the same as I remember, then just know one thing, prospective Apex-bus-takers: First Come, First Serve. It's such a shame when you see people showing up, waving printed out reservation tickets they bought on the internet, thinking this guarantees them a seat, regardless of what time they show up. Because the peeps who run this bus company don't give two toots if you made a reservation or not. Whoever has cash and pushes their way on first, gets to go. And show up early.
<review# 2022,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2008,8/10/2008,203,182,18,21,25>Dear Mr. Eliasson,I know you're a busy man so you probably won't even read this. Your assistant may even toss this letter into the trash before you even have a chance. I recently saw your shows at MoMA and P.S.1 and I was dazzled. Especially by the sodium lamp gallery at MoMA. The monochrome effect was amazing.But I'm not writing you today about that. I'm writing about your waterfall project. I am going to propose, with all due respect, an idea for your artistic consideration. You're free to ignore my advice of course. But here's my idea: turn off these damn things during the day. May they flow only at night. When you can see the scaffolding, the whole effect is ruined. We see enough scaffolding here in the city already. Any sort of art combined with scaffolding, we won't pay attention. It looks like some sort of construction project gone wrong.I recently saw Brooklyn Bridge Falls at night though--and it changed my mind about your falls project. The reason it worked, Mr. Eliasson, is that no longer was there any indication of the real mechanics behind the falls. It just seemed like some fantastic aberration of reality. Whence comest this rushing water? Doth it leap forth from Roebling's Stone? The effect, as I believe you intended it, rang true.Sincerely yours,Christopher I.
<review# 2023,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2008,8/9/2008,49,210,8,21,10>I was in the neighborhood for an appointment and decided to go to Robuchon on a whim. I had just finished a 2 month diet with very little fat, decadence and to my standards, very little taste.  So knowing this was a 5 star yelped establishment, I thought, I've got a couple of hours and I'm not hurting for cash right now, so why not?First off, the Four Seasons Hotel where Robuchon is located, is designed by IM Pei and is a sight in and of itself.   I'd say get here a bit early and check the place out a bit. Its worth your time.L'Atelier is split into two kinds of seating.  The first is counter-style seating right in front of beautiful open kitchen.  The 2nd is more traditional seating with generously spaced tables in the well-designed space.  Since I was dining on my own and was curious as to see what was going on in the kitchen, I decided to opt for the counter.And then I was presented with options...so many good options.  The $190 discovery menu?  The $60 "express" menu with 1 app, 1 main and a desert?  An a la carte menu with traditional entrees or should i order from the immensely creative and appetizing menu of small plates?  Since I was following my whims today, I decided for the tasting menu.  One small problem though...eggs freak me out.  I can have em baked in something, or used to coat something that's fried up, but the sight of egg in my meal makes me gag.  I guess I'm just strange, but luckily, the helpful and kind staff let me substitute the asparagus with soft egg dish with the one dish I was dying to try- Les Burgers.  Being a burger fiend and and eggophobe, this was greatly appreciated. So out came the amuse bouche....a shot glass with a bottom layer of a mousse foie gras, a small layer of port wine reduction, and a top layer of a foam of parmesan.  In translation, a shot glass full of fat.  And oh, had I missed fat like the deserts miss the rain.  In fact eating made a little Everything But the Girl techno beat start in my head and my senses dance.  Oh man, was I ready for an experience!Next came a beautiful looking starter in an amazing little oval/bowl plate that was obviously designed with a lot of thought for a dish like this.  It was a layer of avocado, followed by a layer of gazpacho and a layer of crab meat.  Light, cool and spot on.  It was the perfect summer starter right in the middle of spring.This was followed by an absolutely drop dead gorgeous dish of scallops and sea urchin.  A very light and delicate plate- and extremely tasty, though I regretted not taking a picture of it since it was garnished so beautifully with a little bit of green and red.  Next came what I believe was the real show stopper.  Langoustine pappilout with basil pesto.  It was my first time having langoustine, and man, what a creative preparation.  Again, artful and light.  And this dish happened to be a perfect.  The crispy shell and basil sauce was the perfect foil to the langoustine.  I wanted more.  Good thing more was coming.When I thought that couldn't be topped, next was the burger.  It's a tiny little thing, smaller than a slider.  It almost comes out looking like a toy.  But that's not a toy, that's a little hunk of high quality beef, topped with another hunk of foie gras and some bell peppers on brioche.  And that is greasy, fatty perfection right there.  I realized that its so tiny because any bigger would cause a spontaneous heart attack.  It was accompanied by some perfect, thin crinkle cut french fries and a ginger ketchup that has to be one of the best condiments I've had.  Now that is an artist's take on the burger and fries right there.After that came a fish dish- L'Amadai.  Again, something I've never had, and it was explained to me that it was similar to bass.  But again, simple but elegant.  It came served on a terrific citrus broth and a crispy topping garnished with some edible flowers.  Much, much better than I expected and the perfect transition between the burgers and my next dish- Kobe beef.The Kobe Beef- the 3rd perfect dish of the day.  It was served with a little bit of onion topping, a side of incredible, buttery potato mousse (super whipped mashed potatoes) and a little salad.   Ultimately simple, but just a beautiful execution of what the French can do with beef.Dessert was more fun times.  First a pre-desert shot of raspberry and lychee, a nice cool and refreshing introduction to the sweet part of menu.  Than a little papplemousse- grapefruit with a mint sorbet that was again- served in a very unique dish.  You can tell there was some real artistic thought put into this.  And finally, a little chocolate and coffee mousse that was the perfect ending to an outstanding meal.This was my first experience with a tasting menu and while it cost me a small fortune, it was worth every penny.  An artist's studio indeed- every detail and every plate, the work of a true artist.  Sometimes the experience is just worth it.
<review# 2024,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2008,8/8/2008,321,455,40,27,29>In my misspent youth, I once dreamt of Jenna Jameson and Tera Patrick rubbing me down, begging me to turn over. With an abrupt earthquake, the visuals disappeared. My old man was shakin' me to get up for school. You call that a happy ending?                                                  In my so called life, my good dreams in which I remember are far and few in between.I know I reviewed this place before, but I haven't expressed this much love for an animal since I the days of college and the film "Barnyard Friends." Although I have an unhealthy infatuation with their chicken, it's not like South Park's "Chicken lover."Their chicken is scrumptious. No drums, just wings. Both flavors. No wings will be left behind.On the last visit (6/29), I ordered large spicy (wings only), large soy garlic (wings only), ddukboki (no ramen) and Blue Moon. The waiter looked at me as if I was Takeru Kobayashi in his rookie season (when no one knew he could eat). S questioned me also on why we were ordering for 4."I love leftovers!" I smiled and proceeded with the order like a blind gundygut who just won the lottery. When in Rome!Ddukboki was a nice start. We also chomped on salad and daikon while we waited for the main event. The waiter brought out this amazing jug dispenser (see photo) with beer in it. Although it had a 5000cc capacity it was only filled to about 2000. In addition, he actually cut the wing order in half and preemptively packed the rest to go (which was a wise move).Ah, but there are troubles in paradise. I have a moot language tug of war with the employees. Either one day the folks will learn more English (than "yes", "no" and "pay now, fat boy!") or I will learn more Korean (than "hello", "thank you," "the weather is nice," "big t-ts," "more beer please" and "goodbye").Otherwise, S and I look forward to coming to THIS Bon Chon every chance we get. Upgraded to 5 stars. I adore this place. Please, non-believing @$$holes, go to Kyo Chon or the other trendy KFC spots. This one is mine.One nice touch is the designer-like takeout bags with the BC logo they give out. I feel like a "Sex & the City" character who went on a Barney's shopping spree. Which character am I? Hmm, are there any balding, fat ones?"What did you get today? New shoes, Pedro?""Nay. Chicken!"Carrie, Samantha, Charlotte, Miranda and that Mario Cantone dude simultaneously grimace.As you can see, I would not have gotten the show past the pilot with my poor directorial vision.I dined on leftovers when I got home and for lunch the following Monday. Still delicious!These days, I dream of something else... with that, a moment of Zen:        ...   ...      ..   ....    ..   ..   . .   . . .  . . . . . . . .. .  ..  . ..  ... ... .  . .       :                                               come inside, my stomach    :    :   bok bok             bok bok          love you long time...        :  :                                                           ////////////////////\\\\\\\\               :   :        \\       bok bok         \\              ////// bon chon \\\\\\           : :         (o}                           (o}           //////                     \\\\\\\           :   : \ \_/ / )        c"}         \ \_/ / )          |||||||        \ 0 /         ||||||       : :    \_ /_)       ,(_).     _  \_ /_)           |||||||          |            ||||||          :  :     _|_          -"-     (_)  _|_             |||||||         / \           ||||||       :     . .  ....     ....  ....  ...  ....   ...    ...  . ..  . .  . .    .     . . . .  ...   . . .:    : . :   : .   .   O----------'BC chicken - old adult film stars - sex - city = guaranteed happy endingSomehow this fuzzy math equation sounded better in my dream.
<review# 2025,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2007,8/7/2008,631,621,33,22,24>First off, I have to admit, I hate roller coasters. The sensation of repeatedly being taken very high and dropped to a free fall at a sharp slope trajectory is stuff that nightmares are made of. That said, I do things, just like you, that scare the freakin' bejesus out of me just because. I mean, what is life without a little AHHH! F-ING HELL!! in it?Before you get on this roller coaster, divulge yourself of your bags and any belongings that will not comfortably fit in your pockets. Not your shirt pockets either unless they have a closure to keep the items in. There is a handy bag check right before you get into your seat.Do not bother to bring your camera on the ride. The idea that you might actually be able to take a picture while on this creaky wooden death machine is absolute foolishness. I brought my little camera and had to tuck it under my butt cheeks once the ride got going. It was like having a doody hanging out in my drawers, a discomfort that was only fleetingly experienced since most of my mind was busy screaming a death cry.My third bit of advice is to not have eaten too much boardwalk fun food. Ice cream, fried funnel cake, fried seafood whatever and lots of beer make for discomfiting playmates when you're being twisted like a pretzel through the sky. These swerves and drops are totally scary shit. It feels like you are the dice in the hand of G-d and he's working it hard for baby's new pair of shoes. The best thing to do is just Zen. On the first drop I learned that lesson. I was so freaked out, I was as tight as one of those rubber band balls you make when it gets really boring at the office. Well, that first drop doesn't fall from a level placement. It goes forward and then just a bit up and then straight down so that you actually lift upwards from your seat, suspended in air as the car begins hurling earthbound at mach speed. When you finally, thankfully, bottom out, it is possible to slam the bottom of your chin on the rail bar. Fortunately the rail bar is padded. Do not be screaming with your tongue out of mouth as this could result in very serious injury. It's a blessing and a surprise that I didn't yak myself.It helps to have your friends next to you screaming bloody murder. I had a sore throat from drinking and partying my way through Germany for 10 days and couldn't scream for myself. My friends screeching was horrifically cathartic enough to effect an emotive release for me. The crazy ride experience hearkened me to the natal birth process. Remind me to call my Mom and tell her how great she is.
<review# 2026,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2008,8/6/2008,68,98,21,13,13>sometimes i will ride the free one that ikea provides and shut my eyes and pretend that i am on me own yacht somewhere far away from this zoo. laugh at me if you will but i will only open my eyes to catch the incredible view of downtown we happen upon. then i step off when it docks and get back in line again and head straight back home. sometimes i will do this three or four times. yup the good life.
<review# 2027,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2008,8/5/2008,270,301,17,26,22>I'm not sure if anyone has been anticipating the opening of Clover Club more than me.  While the 11201 zip code has a few go-to spots for the hard core cocktail enthusiast, Brooklyn Social is too small and crowded, and Jack the Horse Tavern closes too early.  More fancy drinks in Brooklyn, please!Enter Julie Reiner, mastermind behind Manhattan's cocktail haven Flatiron Lounge.  Now, if you're expecting the low-key speakeasy scene you'll be disappointed with Clover Club--no secret numbers, no unmarked doors.  But what she has done is create a larger-scale bustling neighborhood brasserie/pub scene that happens to serve top-notch cocktails and perfect bar snacks.Tonight was opening night, and  CC was busy, but not annoyingly so.  I got a seat at the bar while I waited for J, and had the signature Clover Club cocktail--gin, lemon and raspberry syrup.  A little sweet, but tasty and super-frothy, just how I like it.  The main space is lovely--hanging lanterns, tile mosaic and hardwood floors, textured wall paper and high pressed-tin ceilings.  Unfortunately, when J arrived, we were squeezed in at what was most likely the worst table in the bar, a tiny two-top between two other tiny two-tops near the front of the room.  It was loud and cramped, and definitely dampened our experience.However, the drinks and food were fantastic.  J had the Black Mamba,  a rye-based drink with a distinct herbal taste to it, and I had the Slope--also rye, but much more in the traditional Manhattan vein, and garnished with a brandied cherry, my favorite!  I was also famished (and more than a little tipsy after my first drink), so I ordered the deviled eggs from the small but quality food menu.  Excuse me, I need a minute.I can't even talk about how fucking good the deviled eggs were, I think my heart might break.  Four beauties on the half-shell, each topped with an exquisite garnish--bacon, truffles, yowsers.  I hit.  The jackpot.  Although we couldn't be seated there, I took a peek into the back room, and honestly, it's stunning.  Another, smaller bar, plus antique furniture, rugs and a fireplace.  One trillion times nicer than the main space in front, which is really saying something, as the main space is quite nice.  When we go back, we'll settle for nothing less than the back room.  And neither should you.
<review# 2028,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2008,8/4/2008,138,146,24,22,23>First of all, can I stab the people who failed to mention the fact that this place is beer & wine only? Brian D, I'm looking at you. Now, that in and of itself is not inherently bad  - I love both beer and wine -  but not knowing led to disastrous consequences, because my aging liver cannot predictably handle mixing different types of alcohol. One fine Friday night, I mixed up a cocktail of lemon seltzer, St. Germain (elderflower liquer), vodka, and fresh meyer lemon juice. I poured even amounts of this concoction into empty poland springs bottle, so that my friend Cari and I could swig from them on our jaunt over to the west village. I had made a strong beverage, so we each had a good 3 servings of liquor in us by the time we polished off our plastic vessels.It was late, well past midnight, possibly almost 1 am, when we stumbled into this dimly candle- lit, immensely cozy but not drab or shabby little bar. As you enter, there is a long bar and then a narrow seating area behind it, with the single bathroom at the end, and to your left is a second room with more comfortable lounge-like seating.  Both rooms are small but not cramped. There's a lot of stone and wood and warmth here; it wins full points for decor and ambience.It was fully packed, though thankfully not quite crowded, and after a few minutes we acquired seats at the bar. The wine and beers, offered by glass, bottle, and draft, all grace a huge blackboard in neat chalk letters. The selection and range impresses, especially when it comes to the beer. This would certainly  be a place to get nicely buzzed off a few Belgian ales, I think. Sadly, I feared mixing beer - as it was, I feared mixing wine, but I had to pick something!We chose a bottle of zinfandel (old vine, CA) and it was very solid; for the price, I was pleased. Sadly, after about a glass, the evil spins of alcohol doom set in, and I was forced to spend about an hour with my head on the bar. It was shameful, but my friend took on the role of chatting up our neighbours, who consisted of first, a beer-swilling alcoholic who begged her for a taste of wine ('If you want to give him some of your share,  go ahead!'),  then later, a gold-toothed black man obsessed with organic food and his lumberjack-styled friend (whom Cari and I considered fuckworthy, if a bit dim).Gold-teeth seemed to take an interest in me, perhaps thinking I was actually drunk and would welcome his affections,  but alas, I was still able to lift my head for brief moments to spout rebukes to his attempts at conversation.  At one point, after returning from the bathroom (eww) Gold-teeth dared to touch my hair (why do guys DO this? wtf!), which almost resulted in a smackdown.Fortunately, I was mostly kept distracted by the superb music the bartender (a musician himself) selected, which showcased some excellent indie rock tunes. Without a doubt, the best music I have ever heard played in a bar or drinking-place of any type. I kept asking him to tell me names, which I stored away for later purchase - Film School and Jeremy Enigk were among them, and the guy also mentioned Smooth, but my google-fu failed me on that last one.The bathroom is quite nice and surprisingly not that small; definitely better than in your average corner or dive bar. The service was lovely, the drinks are great (albeit liquor-free), and the crowd is cool, if not a wee bit interesting at moments. I'll be back, sans vodka preload.CASH ONLY.
<review# 2029,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/15/2008,8/3/2008,179,230,19,17,16>let the record show that this is the 221st review of this place. that's a lot of cupcakes, a lot of pounds of sugar, a lot of hot air.the first time i tried one of these, well, if you've been around yelp, you know what i mean when i say that all this cupcake talk has really been irritating. you know, like, the gay nineties, the roaring twenties, the cupcake zeros; the OMG!!!'s, the YUMMY's, the HYPERBOLIC HYPERBOLES. but then one night last summer at good old verlaine's we went out for an "air" break and wandered over to sugar sweet. man, those things were good. i bought a big box and we brought them back to v's and passed them around. i myself had about 3 that night and thought they couldn't be beat. it was my first cupcake, and a little light went on.but the thing was, i never totally trusted that conclusion because i was, well, starving. and a little drunk. and very happy hanging out with everybody in my old L.E.S. stomping grounds. what i mean is, i think at that moment maybe a drake's ringding would have been perceived as equally heaven sent. but at least it opened my eyes to the possibility of the embarrassingly named cupcake as an object of real quality.so when crumbs arrived down on wall st, i leapt right in with both feet and became a true believer. but always in the back of my mind was the psychedelic shangri-la of sugar sweet, even though i never went back. well anyway, time passed, and some ways down the road i had an opportunity to encounter the celebrated third member of the new york cupcake mafia triumvirate, the magnolia bakery. so i slipped inside and partook from that famously overdrawn well of the west village, and was basically shocked to discover that it was truly lousy and insignificant.which brings us to review number 221. hanging around orchard street with time to kill, basically waiting for white rabbit to open, fate finally brought me back to sugar sweet. funny what a new outlook and a little experience can do to a mythology.right away, i noticed how small the cupcakes were. like magnolia's, half the size of crumbs. second, the limited and relatively noncreative selection. again, compared to crumbs, which has countless varieties and styles all bursting with fun and originality. third, the price. aha!! $1.50 a pop. magnolia is $2.25, crumbs $2.75 - $3.50. NOW i get it. on the lower east side we have the economy of the disenfranchised. five dumplings for a dollar. pants hems for three dollars. cupcakes for a buck fifty. bohemian rhapsody indeed. sugar sweet cupcakes are sort of like living in brooklyn, if you get my drift: not quite the real deal, but cheap enough to rationalize the difference.as for the cakes themselves, well, the cake is no better and probably less good than crumbs, which was the big surprise. they have some weight, which is good. but it was highly infused with sugar, unnecessarily so. this is the magnolia fallacy after all, the appeal to "being bad" as if gorging on sugar is a crime against catholicism or killing your parents or something. the frosting was creamy, sort of buttery, and definitely worth dissecting in a review. one of the things i learned about the validity of cupcakes as a real food is that there's more happening than just sugar and prolonged adolescence, there's real depth and nuance to the flavor, texture and subtlety there. and the staff are pretty nice over at sugar sweet. the crumbs people are pretty nice too. magnolia, well, don't get me started on those tragic assholes in same-old black t-shirts and abused skin.in the final analysis, sugar sweet cupcakes are just too small and insignificant, and not nearly as interesting or flavorful or substantial as crumbs. crumbs wins, by a lot.in closing, i would like to celebrate review number 221 of sugar sweet with a little poem:crumbsyou have the worst name but the best game in townhands down
<review# 2030,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2007,8/2/2008,236,41,10,14,12>I am a hardcore member of the clean plate club, but  Hummus Place has defeated me.  And I put up a damn good fight. At 7pm today, I began my battle with an order of hummus fava to go ($5.95, minus 1 star for the recent rise in prices). The portion looked fairly small at first- my roommate asked if she could have a bite and I mentally strangled her. Brain: "Don't you DARE stand between me and my food, woman."  Mouth: "Sure!"Brain: "D'oh!"I watched in horror as one bite turned into four.  However, there was no need to worry as I quickly discovered the deceivingly filling nature of my meal.I plowed through 1/3 of the savory hummus with fava beans when the stomach began giving me the red light.  This was ignored to tackle the pickles/olives/peppercini on the side.  After taking a breather and giving myself a quick pep talk, I devoured the egg and surrounding area with some difficulty.  The thick pita bread went from 'delicious' to 'a challenge'.  Refusing to give in, I forced my way through the last section... but had to set the bread down with only a few tablespoons of hummus left.  This is currently sitting in my fridge as a testimony to my failure. *sigh*And 6 hours later, I am still full.
<review# 2031,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2014,4/14/2014,1368,622,51,44,36>Let's just start off this review with the obvious: Don't bring anyone to The Boil that you wouldn't be comfortable with sucking on shellfish appendages in front of. Seriously. It can be very messy and off putting... well, for most people that is. I just try not to make any eye contact during meals like this... you shouldn't either. No first dates here obviously.So let me break it down for y'all. Basically, The Boil is the more expensive NYC version of "The Boiling Crab" for all you Californians/Texans who know what I'm talking about. That being said, everything I have ever ordered here has been just as tasty from the soft shell crab sandwiches to the gigantic king crab legs to the freshly killed crawdaddies. I highly suggest you grab a friend or four and head on over here to order a bunch of different crustaceans at once to engage in mass carnage. Logistics: you order a critter by the pound, they bring it to you in a bag smothered in your choice of sauce and your choice of spiciness and you attack it like a hungry sea otter. Although you are given plastic bibs before the feast, you might get splashed on by someone else's shrimp across the table. Trust me- just go with it and remember, the Tide To Go pen is your new best friend.If you don't walk out of The Boil covered in god-knows-what and reaking of seafood, you have done something horribly, horribly wrong.
<review# 2032,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2014,4/13/2014,128,149,16,20,20>Dominique Ansel is an innovative food genius.  As I follow him each day on Instagram, I grow more and more in love.  If only I could share my life with this man... or at least share a cookie?  Anyway, it was yet another Bestie weekend.  Bestie and I had accumulated hours of sending each other articles and photos of Dominique's creations.  Enough was enough- IT WAS TIME.  Here is the Dominique Ansel food tale of two best friends who spent $60 and devoured almost everything on the menu.  Please see the below list of what the Bestie Pastry Extravaganza consisted of.  The list is categorized into NEED IT, TRY IT, and SKIP IT.  NEED IT:-DKA: Half croissant, half donut and whole heartily the most delicious flaky pastry I have EVER eaten.  The DKA alone will have me back at Dominique Ansel in no time.  DELICIOUS.  NEED IT! -Magic Souffle- Grand Marnier chocolate souffle baked inside an orange blossom brioche.  Need I say more?  Well done, BRAVO!  NEED IT!-Frozen S'mores: I don't even know what to say.  This is why Dominique Ansel is a true artist.  I mean... it was served on a smoked willow wood branch... HELLO!?!?! NEED IT!TRY IT:-Perfect Little Egg Sandwich: The name does it justice!  TRY IT!-Cannele de Bordeaux: Our first time having a Cannele.  It was a real nice treat.  TRY IT!-Gingerbread Pinecone: A ginger pastry cream, speculoos mousse, and a soft nutmeg cake covered with dark rich chocolate makes a beautiful presentation indeed.  A decadent Holiday treat!  SKIP IT:-Avocado Toast: God forbid we skip out on avocado overload... of course it was delicious, but no need to have it here.  SKIP IT!-Apple Tart Tartin: This just wasn't our style.  SKIP IT!I'll be back, Dominique.. especially after you posted a photo on Instagram today of Chocolate Chip Cookie Milk Shots!  MY HERO!
<review# 2033,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2014,4/12/2014,139,82,15,17,16>Let me tell a story... I always hated Italian food because at first impression it was about starchy carbs and cheese. Then one day I ate a Black Linguini and it blew my mind. Subsequently I developed this sick-positive feeling towards pastas because a revelation came to me that pastas are kinda reminiscent to Northern Chinese handmade noodles. And the biggest irony is that I was never a fan of those Chinese noodles! But I LOVE pastas now... Oh those HOMEMADE pastas here are absolutely delizioso. Rich, thick, aromatic and smooth. Eccellente!! I already can't wait to come back for another casual meal.Anyways... There are tons of restaurants along 9th ave in this neighborhood but Cara Mia kinda stood out for me because the the savory tastes it offered. There's nothing much to describe about the decor here since the restaurant is relatively small and has a family-oriented vibe. Overall it was a comfortable experience. Good for small groups (3-4) or couples looking for a casual meal.
<review# 2034,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2014,4/11/2014,28,638,2,15,10>Black Tree's concept is that everything is sourced from within 300 miles of New York City. I personally care less about that than the fact that they base their menus off the procurement and utilization of a whole animal: when I was there, it was cow time, and unfortunately all the yummy innards (liver, tongue, etc.) had already been sold out.That was my excuse to get a hunk of medium rare steak - it was more medium than medium rare but still plenty delicious. I was happy that the wines were served in glass tumblers instead of wine glasses. It reminds me of how I drink neat whiskey out of a coffee mug at home.The vibe is unpretentious and chill, but nowhere bordering near twee or hipster. A good, laidback place to catch up with friends and listen to alternative music.
<review# 2035,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2014,4/10/2014,795,723,7,11,9>After coming back from a massage, I was in the mood for beef.  A burger, specifically.  Thinking through my options, I decided to go big and head to the Spotted Pig, seeing as I'd already treated myself and had wanted to come here for some time.  After hearing that there was a 30 minute wait, I noticed some stools around a beam in the back.  I was able to grab a seat there which isn't ideal but actually pretty cool for people watching.  As you could expect for a mock British pub, the Spotted Pig is dark and uber cool, with plenty to look at and a lot of scenesters.  Service was good when I had their attention and distant otherwise; after all, I was quietly eating alone and thus unlikely to tip them well (wrong).  Some also bumped into me a few times bringing out food for others , which isn't too big of a deal given how tight the space was, but they still could've manage a quick "sorry".  Luckily I was here solely for the food, and it delivered.The chicken liver toast was probably one of the best things I've eaten recently.  It was rich, fatty, and fruity all at once.  The toasted bread it came on was perfectly suited, being at once crisp and pillowy soft.  Why can't other restaurants put out excellent appetizers like this for $6?  Along with a glass of their house Spotted Pig Bitter (brewed by Brooklyn Brewery specifically for them), this was a great start to the meal.  I enjoyed the burger as well to a lesser degree.  It came a perfect mid rare and was very flavorful, but unfortunately was overshadowed by a heavy hand with the roquefort cheese.  Don't get me wrong, I love a burger with blue cheese and this was an awesome, salty, funky blue cheese.  But it's so strong and there needed to be less of it to balance out with the beef.  Next time, I'm getting it on the side.  The homemade shoestring fries are more like homemade potato stix, and they're awesome.  Get the homemade mustard and ketchup for dipping, and you'll be happy so long as you aren't counting calories.  I'm not sure if this deserves the #3 ranking they got awhile back in the Daily Meal's top burgers nationwide list, but it was damn good--as was the rest of the food.  Next time I need a good burger, this will be high on my list.  Not to mention the rest of the menu...
<review# 2036,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2014,4/9/2014,157,69,8,16,15>Sushi Dojo is a very unlikely omakase experience that both surprised and delighted my senses. The head chef David is only 27 years old but is quite talented. He has trained at sushi establishments such as 15 East as well as in Japan itself. Guidelines:-Order the 10 piece omakase ($45) and sit at the bar-If you're still hungry, order an extra 10 piece omakase to split with your dining companion. It is the same pieces as if you both ordered the 15 piece omakase (minus the handroll) but you save $25-Ask for the toro tasting (lean blue fin, chutoro, otoro)-Ask for the uni tasting (Maine, Santa Barbara, Hokkaido Japan)-Ask for the live scallop. This was the best scallop I've ever had; it had been dead literally 10 seconds before it was in my mouth-Converse with the Chef, he's funny and cute-- and ladies, did I mention SINGLE?!All in all, a great meal. I was able to try some new fish I've never tried before such as baby eel and baby squid. I really enjoyed the fish to rice ratio but thought that some of his nigiri could use a touch more soy or acidity to bring out the flavor of the fish. TIP: The Hokkaido uni and live scallop sushi are not included in the omakase price but definitely worth the extra charge!
<review# 2037,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2014,4/8/2014,174,476,6,10,6>Amazing spot.My friend & I had trouble finding it, but we eventually found. There are 2 black doors near 116 MacDougal. The one with the tripadvisor sticker is not it.Amazing spot. Chill tunes (think Adele, Corinne Bailey Rae, Lauryn Hill, Duffy, Motown galore, etc).Atmosphere is cozy. Bartenders were super attentive & friendly.All cocktails consumed were amazing & had just enough potency.The place doesn't belong on MacDougal street. Just sayin.
<review# 2038,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2013,4/7/2014,389,329,11,13,11>I've been whining for a while that I'd never done Korean BBQ and really wanted to try it - and then proceeded to book a Japanese spot.  My bad.  Either way, it was a lot of fun, and I can still whine about how I've never had Korean.Apparently there's a happy hour - judging by other reviews of this place - and I'm sad I missed it, but you can definitely order a huge variety of dishes for an extremely low price at any hour of the day here.  We tried 2 different types of steak, duck, pork belly, and butter miso cod.  THE BUTTER MISO COD...was so good, it's insane, and I feel like it's often overlooked - don't skip it! Loved the steak dishes as well - the duck was extremely fatty, I'd skip that next time.These places are a little stressful, as I struggle with time management and am just staring at the strip of meat wondering how long 45 seconds is and if i'm going to overcook it or make everyone sick by dishing it out too fast - but if you can handle the stress...it pays off.  We also had a mushroom medley and garlic spinach, which were great.Definitely come with a group, could be a fun event with out-of-towners.
<review# 2039,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2013,4/6/2014,176,162,11,16,17>I have a huge love affair with the grandiose nature of this church. I should perhaps preface this review by stating that I may be a bit biased because I grew up in this church and have had every religious ceremony performed here. I used to be an altar server, and they even let me read a scripture from the pulpit once! But this church is massive and elaborately decorated, I feel almost like royalty every time I attend.Though in my adulthood I no longer consider myself religious, I still come here for  weddings, midnight Mass and on the occasional Sunday. I like that this church offers 2 separate masses around the same time to cater to two different types of groups: one for a more quiet & reverent ceremony and another for families with kids. I haven't found another church that does this, and it really does help add quality to the experience. Parents can still bring their kids to church with less worry about them being disruptive, and there is a nice little reception at the end of mass each week where kids can grab some cookies and parents can mingle over coffee. In truth, this church has the greatest feeling of genuine community that I've ever seen, and I feel really fortunate to have been a part of it growing up. This is a great church to hold any religious ceremony like weddings, baptisms and confirmations. I will always have a soft spot for this church, and if you ever get the chance to attend I'm sure you will too.
<review# 2040,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2013,4/5/2014,153,348,5,14,8>I took Boyfriend here for a belated birthday dinner. I wanted a place with a really good omakase, but we had plans to meet up with friends afterward, so I also needed to be sure we could get a table without a super long wait. Kanoyama fit the bill perfectly. The sushi did not come out one piece at a time, with strict instructions to finish each morsel within a minute, so I know it wasn't the sort of Jiro-shit that's in vogue these days, but that totally didn't matter. We each received a perfectly gorgeous glass platter adorned with a rainbow of fresh, delicious fish. The presentation was really quite lovely, and that went for the different dishes other diners were ordering as well. Really elegant looking stuff. I was most blown away by how wonderful the fish tasted though. There was a really nice range of textures, with buttery tuna, slightly chewy octopus and tender eel each making an appearance. I opted for the sushi menu, which served one roll and all the other pieces of fish over rice. Boyfriend got the sashimi menu, which had the rice on the side in a bowl, and came with one more piece of fish. We had a good time swapping bites and enjoying the best of what the chef had to offer. It was all delicious, and $37 and $40 respectively--a good deal for an omakase!It was a decent amount of food, especially when you factor in  your choice of miso soup or fresh, gingery salad, and a big scoop of vanilla, green tea or red bean ice cream for dessert. Plus, once we had polished off all the fish, we discovered a really good flavor combination from the garnishes on our plate: shiso leaf, ginger, wasabi and soy sauce taste really awesome together. We washed it all down with a chilled bottle of sake. A great meal. Kanoyama is not particularly original or out of the box, but it is a great example of high quality, straightforward sushi.
<review# 2041,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2007,3/9/2007,136,53,6,6,7>I cannot believe that this french pastry place has not been given a review yet. I mean yummers. My eyes always get big when I come here and everytime I get anytihng here, I am reafirmed that food is definately the thing to choose over sex anyday, and I mean  EVERYTHING THERE makes me think that^_^So come, try the espresso, the eclairs, especially the coffee flavored eclair. Try the other cakes and goodies they have there. Sit and people watch and imagine being in Paris sitting by the street watching people pass by as you enjoy your pastry making yourself happy knowing, people are missing out since you got something yummy ^__^ And maybe, just maybe you'll agree with me and decide, YES I CHOOSE THIS OVER SEX. THANK YOU ^__^Ok yes, I'm pushing it but that should be enough to make you make the trek up here to try it and then... Thank me later ^___^
<review# 2042,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2006,3/8/2007,19,14,10,4,11>DEEP FRIED PEANUT BUTTER JELLY SANDWICH.... from a vending machine.That should be 'nuff said right there. This place almost burned my retinas off when I first came across it. It's SO bright and pink, it's absurd. I had never seen anything like it before, and was utterly delighted. After I got my food, I had a blast just hanging out and watching people have the same reaction that I did. If you're not a food snob, and you value ridiculousness as much as I do, you'll love this place.
<review# 2043,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2007,3/7/2007,10,59,8,2,4>Skate is great! It's like meat, but it's fish. Fortunately, Mermaid Inn was not out of this dish!For they were out of The Sandwich of Yelpian Fame,And I'm afraid that it will slightly tarnish their name...IF THEY ARE ALWAYS OUT OF THE BEST FUCKING THING ON THEIR MENU.Don't you learn after a while that you should stock up so's not to runneth out, mofos?Oh. And thanks for all the cheap wine that turned me into such an eloquent poet. And finally, I feel bad for the girl who has to take the coats and that's her only awful awful job at this establishment. One of you ubiquitously populating wall-street types with your gold-diggin dates should throw her a hundred or something.
<review# 2044,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2006,3/6/2007,25,79,5,7,7>SUCKLING PIG.  OMGoodness. let me take a moment to breathe and re-live.  sigh...okay. i'm back. as a lover of swine, this special dish at Boqueria is a must-get (and the reason for a 5-star review).  when i asked the waiter to describe it, he went to tell the story of the pig's required 3-day preparation. when he finished, i teared up a little. and when i tasted it, i nearly wept-- it was THAT GOOD. on top, is a crispy salted layer; below is the juicy, tender, flavorful meat. the large thick slice sits on top a bed of root vegetables (mostly celery, i think) and winesap apples. OH GOD. it is so good.asides from the suckling pig, Boqueria is mainly a 'scene-y' tapas joint, located a little northwest of union square. there's a long, narrow bar area (read: TIGHT!) that leads to a larger dining area that's dimly lit with rows of closely set small tables along the edges and two large, wooden communal tables in the center. and the mood here is decidedly lively (which is code for LOUD).  a good place for small-ish groups to partake in the diverse tapas menu. we tried the mackerel (yummy), the serrano ham croquettas (creamy goodness) and the cod fritters (eh).  it's a little on the pricier side for tapas, but i'd definitely go back again. for the pig, of course.
<review# 2045,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2007,3/5/2007,98,74,2,14,8>If you're a tad snobby about fast food, you'll forgive yourself for stopping into Better Burger --- a sleek, well-mannered place, decked out in soothing orange and spotless silver, designed as a cross between a '50s diner and a sci-fi spaceship. As you chill at a table with your friends, an attentive staff member will actually bring your order directly to you, a rarity in similar places.The menu is mostly low-fat, the meat and poultry are antibiotic and nitrate-free, the fries are organic and air-baked. With the burgers, you won't notice much of a drop-off in flavor, but you'll definitely be compromising with the fries if you're used to the hard stuff. Not a big deal, though. There are plenty of tasty condiments to help you crank up the taste (including my personal favorite: the sinus-clearing wasabi mustard).A better burger? If you're a health nut --- no doubt.
<review# 2046,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/19/2007,3/4/2007,139,311,8,7,8>When I walked in, the first thing I noticed was this little boy's delicious looking breakfast of pancakes with banana and chocolate ice cream (which is listed as banana split pancakes on the menu), the next thing I noticed was the awesome smell of the place. Definitely a good sign, I thought, and for the most part, it was. My grilled cheese was great... although, I've really never had a bad grilled cheese, but the price is decent- under $4.The french fries were awesome (again, good price $2.60 for a regular side plate), the kind that are crispy throughout, not just at the ends. I didn't want to, but I had to subtract a star for my boyfriend's chicken souvlaki which tasted like it had been premade and was just popped in the microwave. For a Saturday afternoon, it wasn't too crowded. I had to subtract another 1/2 star for the way they have the seating, though...  It's limited space, so they have some tables next to others which is convenient if you have 3 or 4 people, but can prove to be bothersome if you only have 2. This nosy woman ended up sitting at the table which was pushed against the table my boyfriend and I were sitting at (rather than sitting at the counter or at one of the EMPTY TABLES). She didn't talk to us, but it was clear that she was listening to our conversation and eventually we both got so uncomfortable that we stopped talking completely. The decor is cute, but the color scheme is a little frightening. I can't remember what it was exactly, but it was definitely two colors that did not belong together, like hunter green and salmon. The waitress was sweet and the service was good even though the place seemed to be a teensy bit understaffed. Another 1/2 star was taken away for the jerky cashier who, rather than politely saying, "Excuse me," pretty much told me to move. We were in the process of leaving our tip on the counter (didn't trust the sketchy woman still seated at the table attached to ours) and he just shoved it away. I was seriously miffed at that and I really hope our waitress ended up getting her tip!!!
<review# 2047,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2007,3/3/2007,61,63,27,11,11>Regarding the brie wrapped in filo dough, baked, and smothered with maple syrup:Me:  This is TOO good!Dining companion:  Nothing can be too good!Me:  I would consider giving up sex if I could eat this every night.Dining companion:  Then you'd be fat.Me:  Fat and happy!Regarding the five Italian cheese white wine fondue (a savory fondue):Me:  This is not as good as the brie.Dining companion:  The cheese is not very good.  It's all lumpy and gritty.Me:  I want more brie.Regarding the 1/2 price bottle of vino:Me:  Yay!Dining companion:  Yay!Regarding the service:Dining companion:  The waiter's kinda cute.Me:  Yeah, we should trust his recommendations.Dining companion:  I think he has a lisp.Me:  Well, that's why he's cute!
<review# 2048,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2007,3/2/2007,608,608,15,13,13>The new age "rice" cream parlor, this place has all of the characteristics one might expect from a trendy new specialty store: iPod-inspired shiny white plastic decor, clever little "we are so relevant to the current times" slogans ("I got your Atkins right here!"), adorable packaging, and sky-high prices.I love the Honey Graham rice pudding with an extra topping of graham crackers. Keep in mind that the pudding keeps for two or three days in the fridge, so you are definitely not expected to eat their whopper of a "single" serving size in one sitting.Unfortunately, I do feel the need to take a star off for Earth-unfriendly practices. Those super cute little space pod containers and the shoe horn shovels that accompany them are 100% NOT recyclable. Yes, I've confirmed this with the store employees, and, while I do think the containers are cute and somewhat useful, there are only so many space pods one can collect before one's feline, family, and friends start thinking one belongs on the mothership herself.
<review# 2049,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2006,3/1/2007,68,62,10,7,6>Warning: If you hate snobs, do not read this review.The most important thing to note about this little bakery, situated on Spring just east of Lafayette, is that its pastries are infinitely better than those at Balthazar, which is on the other side of Spring on the other side of Lafayette, about thirty yards away. (I was going to say a hundred times better, or a thousand times better, but I really mean infinitely: Balthazar's pastries are basically on par with those at Au Bon Pain.) Once in a while when I'm feeling skinny, or sad enough to self-indulge, or just when the weather feels right, I get a plain croissant from Ceci Cela for breakfast. It flakes all over my desk as I try to eat it (no wonder my office has mice), and the inside is soft and buttery and delicious. It is the closest I've gotten in New York to a real French croissant. [This wasn't always the case: Le Pain Quotidien had delicious pastries when it first opened about eight years ago, but now that its business model has begun to imitate Starbucks's, the quality has gone way down.] I haven't branched out to other pastries--though I think I once had a bite of a delicious pain au chocolat--but they all look pretty good and authentic. There's a lovely little space at the back of the bakery where I guess people can order real food and coffee and things. I think there might even be outdoor space; this is SoHo, so think tiny tables, tiny chairs, tiny people. But crawl space is the new breathing room! so Ceci Cela is trendy. I give this place four stars because it'd be nice if I could also buy my coffee here. The coffee they make isn't bad, but it also isn't so good. The other reason for the fifth star's absence is that there is this simple sandwich they sell, brie on baguette, that is sometimes delicious and sometimes crappy. I've gotten it with stale bread (at a bakery, I find this unacceptable) and, worse, with rather tasteless brie. I will say, however, that someone I work with eats this sandwich every day, sometimes for breakfast and sometimes for lunch. I find this palatal flexibility impressive, and for some reason I like seeing this sandwich on his desk every day when I walk down the hall. It's better to look at than to eat, though. As for the staff, I can't tell if I hate them because they have cool haircuts and work in a trendy French bakery in SoHo or like them because they are nice. The latter would be the more normal thing to do, but what can I say.
<review# 2050,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2006,2/28/2007,58,77,8,9,10>It's been a minute y'all and I apologize for my long ass hiatus. But the Rozzer is back with her latest review! (My wallet has also been frog-ass tight so my poor butt really couldn't afford to go anywhere that was review worthy anyway!)But here it is! Little Giant! My new favorite LES spot. A food writer told me about this place and I have to say it was a wonderful recommendation. The ambience is warm and comfortable (kind of like out of a home decorator's catalogue or something), service is okay, but the food is what's worth talking about!My friend and I started with some great cocktails: I had the Champagne Sidecar and she had the peach julep. About FOUR peach juleps later... we actually got around to ordering. We shared the roasted yam and cauliflower crostinis which were simply delish and off the chain! We then shared two entrees: The swine of the week (any restaurant that features a regular title like this on the menu is my kind of spot!) which was a succulent pork butt, and oh was that booty ever tasty, and a seared sea trout that was seriously the best fish I've had since my trip to Zenkichi. They served the fish over this delicious mash that seemed to have cardammon or some other earthy, yummy flavor and perfect little brussel sprouts.The portions were large. And I can say that cuz my fat ass usually eats everything off my plate and for once, I could not finish! We were both pleased with our dining experience here and I think you will be, too!Do it.
<review# 2051,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2006,7/5/2006,3042,749,3,13,7>Living in Manhattan for a few years now it seems that anything "tour" related would be torture for me... but... much to my surprise it wasn't!My Dad, who had never been to Manhattan, was visiting from back home and wanted to "see the city."  With sooo many options to choose from the super saver combo seemed like something that would kill a lot of time, and cover a lot of ground, and was flexible enough for both of us. Our first tour was the  --  Uptown loop.  Which looped from just west of Times Square all the way up through Harlem (by the famous Apollo) and back down the East Side of town passing Museum Mile and returned to the original starting point on 47th and 8th. There was very little traffic for us at the time that we were passengers which was nice, but the following day we hopped on over near the Metropolitan Museum of Art and it was solid gridlock all the way down 5th Avenue! MAN!! That sure made the tour longer!  Which is when  you thank the Lord that you can just hop right off that big red bus!.They honestly call it a hop on hop off tour for a reason!  You really should get off of this bus!! It is soooo convenient. These bright red buses really do show up every 5-15 minutes (depending on traffic) and if you look closely at the stops on the map there is a sign that reads "TOUR" marking the spot where they let you hop on or hop off of the double decker bus.If you know anything about NY traffic at all you will be MUCH happier with this method of touring because sometimes traffic can get to be entirely too much! (which is when you hop off and walk around)Romance Factor:  7 (you can tour at your leisure without a huge cab bill, Hop-on, Hop-off)Hobnob Potential:  8 (everyone is friendly - they're on vacay!)Destination Rating:  7TIP: If you hop on a bus and the tour guide is annoying hop off and try the next one.  It depends on your interests and your sense of humor -- but there seems to be a variety of styles among the guides and some in my opinion are far more personable and better than others. Make sure you Tip the ones that are better :o)
<review# 2052,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2006,7/4/2006,82,304,2,1,3>witness how grand it is in here, if you can't, just watch dreamwork's madagascar or any other movie that filmed in here.umm...i wintessed a kid get punked by a couple of older teenagers bc the kid accidentally bumped into them causing the teenager's boombox to drop to the ground.  i had to catch the subway, so i wasn't sure if the kid got his *&& beat or not.  otherwise....you can watch a few good acts including raw new york based bboy action.
<review# 2053,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/22/2006,7/3/2006,210,126,5,5,5>So we used to eat here on a regular basis, and for almost a year, always in the back of my head, I wondered why this Indian restaurant-chain had an Italian-sounding name. Admit it, you thought it too.  Then one day I actually vocalized this internal pondering - luckily it was in front of my family. They were only slightly amused by my ignorance as to where the term Baluchi comes from.  In case you were wondering, it refers to an ethnic group from a region of Pakistan called "Baluchistan."  Well,  these Baluchistanis can cook my Indian food anytime.  The food at this location is always tasty, though over the years the portions seem to be getting smaller. Chicken tikka masala, bhindi masala, saag paneer and channa are all yum.  If this place were in San Francisco I would give it 5 stars, but by New York standards it's still very good.
<review# 2054,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/27/2006,7/2/2006,4,28,,4,3>When I found out about this place, I was so excited. A whole restaurant devoted to mac-n-cheese? My dream come true. When I got there, the line was out the door. My friends and I tried a few different varieties. The American version was very disappointing--bland, without much flavor. Why didn't they use extra sharp cheddar? The Four Cheese was my favorite, followed by the Gruyere and the Cheeseburger flavor. The place is pretty small, and there's no table service and it's super bright--yellow and orange paint. Overall, the experience was just OK. I might try it again in a few months, if they last. The menu offers "build your own" with choices including spinach with garlic, but that option is not available yet. For now, I'll just make my own at home.
<review# 2055,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/3/2006,7/1/2006,147,58,21,10,8>Not for the hormonally challenged, the Winter Garden theater (located in Brooklyn's Brighton Beach section) is an audacious infusion of Russian cuisine, and the gaudiest burlesque show this side of Moscow.  You can be sure of four things, should you decide to dine at the Winter Garden:1) Caviar...to be eaten on bread with butter and sweet tea...not on a cracker with champagne like us ignorant Americans believe it's consumed.2) Vodka...and lots of it.  It's the liquid staple of any Russian culinary banquet.3) Scantily clad women gyrating to neo-Russian pop music, always walking the fine line between harmless provocation and hyperkinetic indecency. The performances  (which occur at random times between the serving of appetizers and dessert) often include hula hoops, lending to a circus-like atmosphere.  Only the absence of a small brown bear balancing his ass on a large rubber ball prevents Winter Garden from being a de facto version of the Moscow Circus.4) No less than 20 renditions of "Happy Berzday" sung by the Master of Ceremonies.And yet, despite the Vegas Lite shenanigans, the food is pleasantly good.  I won't lie...the $50 minimum, per person, per table seems a bit steep and intimidating at first.  But assure you that during the 3 plus hours you will be at the Winter Garden, you will be treated to an endless procession of food. Food. Food.  Honestly, just when you think they've slaughtered every animal in Russia and served them to you, Winter Garden rustles up some woodland creature and impales it on a skewer.  After your meal, you can head over to that dreadfully filthy extension of the Atlantic Ocean, Brighton Beach.  It's a great place to walk off the 700 courses you will have consumed.
<review# 2056,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2006,6/30/2006,27,60,10,7,5>This has got to be THE PLACE to go with a huge group of very hungry (meat-loving) people. Everything and I mean EVERYTHING is all you can eat, but this is not your typically shabby, clean the plates off and put the food back out onto those steam tables kind of place, this is QUALITY food (and a ton of it). You can start out with the salad bar which has a ton of variety and everything is is very fresh, the only down-side is if you eat too much of it you'll have no room for what's next.THE MEAT, they bring out almost every cut of beef you could want, and chicken legs, and turkey wrapped in bacon,  and sausage, and lamb, and...so much meat i can't remember it all. In front of you there is a chip, one side is red, the other is green-the waiters will bring you meat, and continue to bring you meat as long as your "chip" is green. They walk around the room with giant pieces of succulent, perfectly-cooked MEAT that's just oozing with flavor. And they're not just carrying it around on a platter, its on a giant sword...what could be cooler you ask? Ill tell you...the fact that they slice it with GIANT knives. Now I know what you're thinking...how could this be safe...giant sword + giant knife = a lost limb, well I assure you it is because they're probably trained in the art of meat swordery, and I still have all my appendages.I recommend this restaurant to anyone who loves meat, wants to eat meat, and can eat a lot of...meat. Fast for a couple of days beforehand with all the friends you're bringing, then go pig out...think of it as a bonding experience.
<review# 2057,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2006,6/29/2006,295,228,5,5,7>I gorged myself silly.  Wow is all I can say after having a hearty and soulful meal here.  I went with only one friend and we finished off the following: something like creole shrimp, fried green tomatoes, chili with tortilla chips, 1/2 rack o' ribs, cornbread, potato salad, baked beans and ... mac 'n cheese.  To top it off, we had the banana creme pudding dessert.Let's just say it felt like they melted a whole pack of kraft's singles into the mac 'n cheese.  (That's not a complaint either.)  The potato salad was heavy too.  If I had to eliminate anything from our gluttonfest, it would've been the po' salad and chili.  Not because they weren't good, but because of survival of the tastiest.The appetizers (if you order the "solo" portions) are not that big.  A solo fried green tomato order comes with 3, the creole shrimp came with about 8 pieces and the chili was enough for about 2 people.  The chili comes with a layer of melted cheese, a sour cream dollop on top and warm beef and bean chili sitting underneath it all (think the size of a cup of soup.)I could've conquered the 1/2 rack o' ribs if I didn't order the other stuff.  That should give you an idea of the portion size.The dessert would've been good ...  if only I was a banana-natic.  The total bill?  $53!  Pretty damn good for two people, who have stomachs the size of toilet bowls.
<review# 2058,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2006,6/27/2006,35,49,,12,4>Hands down the best Japanese BBQ restaurant in NYC!  The modern decor, friendly service, excellent beef, trendy location and relaxing atmosphere makes this restaurant perfect for social events.  Gyu-kaku is a popular chain from Japan that gained its fame from their reasonably priced beef and delicious Japanese steak sauce (you can find the sauce at any Japanese supermarket at about $6 a bottle).  Their American chains (in Hawaii, L.A., and New York) are more upscale with fancier decor, full bar and higher grade beef selection.  The picture filled menu provides perfect guide to the restaurants delicacies (follow the osusume symbol).  I highly recommend their Gyu-Tan, U.S. Kobe Kalbi (melts in your mouth!), Mixed Mushrooms (luxurious mix of shiitake, enoki, oyster mushrooms, etc...saikou!), and Original Bibimba in sizzling stone pot.  However, the portion for each order is quite small (six slices or so) so make sure your wallet is prepared to take some damage.The service is always excellent - the servers are very helpful and they change your grill plate often that you won't need to grill on top of the burnt grease.  The smoke ventilation on the grill rim is definitely another big plus.  Especially since there are so many night hot spots in the area that you would want to hit afterward.
<review# 2059,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2006,6/26/2006,142,124,2,4,4>While I certainly appreciate a well-executed classic pasta dish, Italian cuisine needs a bit of inventiveness to get me really interested (exception for being in situ in Italy where every meal is a new discovery). Thank God for restaurants like Barolo. an expansive Northern Italian restaurant located in Soho. With its imaginative use of creative ingredients, it is one of the few non-outrageously-priced Italian restaurants in this city that gets me really excited. See the excerpt below, how can you do anything but salivate? (okay, fine, maybe it's just me).  TRENETTE AVVANTAGGIATE AL PESTO In the traditional Genovese style - handmade whole wheat and chestnut flour linguini with pesto, string beans and potatoes FARFALLE NERE AL SALMONE Homemade squid ink bow-tie pasta with asparagus and smoked salmon  TAGLIOLINI AL CIOCCOLATO CON FUNGHI Chocolate tagliolini with mixed wild mushroom sauce and white truffle oilPENNE ALLA VODKA, GUANCIALE E UOVA DI SALMONEPenne in a creamy tomato sauce with vodka, Italian bacon and salmon roe  RAVIOLI DI MELE VERDI CON SALSA DI AGNELLO Ravioli filled with granny smith apple, served with lamb ragu  SPAGHETTI AL CARTOCCIO Spaghetti with mixed seafood, spicy tomato sauce baked in parchment paper and sprinkled with basil crumbs  RISOTTO AL BAROLO CON L'UVA Our specialty-risotto with Barolo wine sauce and grapesI would recommend coming during the summer season, where you can dine al fresco in their expansive patio space. The twinkling lights, beautiful greenery and sparking fountains makes you forget you're in the thick of Manhattan (yet that experience in of itself is a very NY one). The scene can get very Euro-Soho (men in exquisitely cut light weight summer Italian suits, women in Prada shifts and big sunglasses). Makes for great people-watching. The gorgeous al fresco dining and European air makes it easy to transition to the kind of hours-long meal that you usually only experience in Europe. Enjoy it while the summer lasts. One last word of advice for a happy dining experience: For a fail-safe tactic, look for the obviously Italian group of diners and order what they get. You won't go wrong.
<review# 2060,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2005,6/25/2006,65,167,3,2,5>If cocktails are romantic to you, then Milk and Honey is your dream destination.  Dim lights, soft music, a secret address, no sign outside.  If you can find this place and get in, you'll be treated to the most superb cocktails made of fresh & proper ingredients anywhere.  Don't try & get any bullshit post modern cocks such as a stoli martini here.  Martinis, sir or madame, are made from gin.  Period.  Bring mad cash, because everything costs a fortune, and you better not be trying to tip a dollar on a drink with hand squeezed juice, cream fresh from the cow and an egg in it.
<review# 2061,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2014,7/23/2014,2727,369,14,37,24>I found myself again at Quality Meats but this time it wasn't for an intimate anniversary dinner but for a 60th birthday celebration with a party of 10. We were seated upstairs, at a round table towards the back where it was both intimate and festive. (Our waiter, Ricky, wasn't as attentive and polite as Will was. Will was OUTSTANDING the last time I was there and we even requested to be seated in his section again but he was not working this particular evening. Ricky was an older gentleman who did the bare minimum to get the already-added $250 gratuity at the end of the meal. We wanted to bring the issue up with the manager, Briana, a blonde bombshell with one of the prettiest smiles I've seen in my 27 years! She so-willingly listened to all of our qualms and offered a round of drinks on the house, to make up for any inconvenience. And we greatly appreciated her attentiveness and readiness to resolve the issues we were having. I would like to think it was a small glitch with the service staff that particular evening and I trust that it won't happen again. Also, we had the pleasure of meeting Louis, their in-house wine specialist- a handsome man at 6'3-6'4 who we all thought was a model! As aforementioned in my previous review, the wait staff at Quality Meats is trained to know the ins-and-outs of every one of their wines so I was expecting nothing short of perfection from Louis when we asked him to pick a bottle or two of a tannic red, preferably from before 2009. And needless to say, he hit the bullseye! He was a delight to talk to, too! He held up a conversation with one of the other gentleman in our party, about a Euro-trip that the each of them were planning individually as a summer backpacking getaway. He was also a delight to look at!I tried other appetizers, sides, and aged steaks that I wanted to share with fellow Yelpers so here goes a review update for Quality Meats.This time, we started with a couple of other appetizers that I did not get to try last time 1) tuna tartare and 2) roasted bone marrow. The tuna tartare is perfect and is mixed in with pomegranate seeds! It adds a punch of tartness. And it comes with a side of chips, shaped like waffle fries, that you can use to scoop. Yummy. The bone marrow is absolutely perfect, even though there isn't much to eat, it's definitely worth ordering, especially with their house steak sauce that they infuse into the marinade. Some steakhouses cut their bone marrow into halves or thirds, but not at Quality Meats. You can expect to be served the usual 6-inch bone marrow! This time around, another member of the wait staff came around with a small trolley to make us their house steak sauce! He made it in front of us and I had to take a photo of it. I added it into the collection of photos for Quality Meats. I got their bone-in sirloin. They conveniently cut the sirloin off the bone and into slices but present the dish with the bone so you know that it's a full 18 ounce. It was perfect! I also had the chance to grab a bite or two or three or four of the veal. It was a hefty 18 ounce with the bone and it was cooked to perfection. I cannot emphasize enough how well they prepare their steaks. One person in my party asked for their steak to be rare without too much blood, and it was done without a complaint. For sides, we ordered their 1) waffle fries 2) brussels sprouts and 3) asparagus. The waffle fries were not salty, not soggy, and not too crispy. They were sprinkled with parmesan cheese. The brussels sprouts were divine and I highly recommend these extremely cheesy side. It is oven baked on a cast iron with chunks of not-so-sweet caramelized apple. It is very cheesy so lactose-intolerance folks, stay away! We continued with their "dressed" ice cream scoops as dessert. We ordered a peanut butter ice cream, coconut ice cream, and gingerbread ice cream. Each of these had a cookie sitting on top, as well as on the bottom. And they were huge scoops! And all had consistency with pieces of chocolate or coconut shavings or crumbs of gingerbread cookie, respectively. My favorite though was the chocolate brownie cake which is paired with a smaller scoop of vanilla ice cream. They pour a milky marmalade over the brownie cake to make it even more moist than it already is. It is a decadent treat, well deserved obviously, that melts in your mouth.
<review# 2062,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2014,7/22/2014,349,349,20,22,15>Is 'Sun Vin Grocery' indeed an anagram of 'nervous crying'?  Well, one cold winter day, I was almost in tears after being unable to locate my favorite Ginger Milk tea at some of the hole-in-the-wall grocery stores on Mott Street.  Only to find it within minutes in one of the many fluorescent-lit, relatively spacious aisles of Sun Vin, just a short walk away on Mulberry.Grocery shopping is an unpleasant chore.  But Sun Vin makes up for the mundane nature of the pursuit with its colorful assortment of fruit drinks, Pocky sticks, teas, candy and gummy snacks drawn from China, Indonesia, Thailand and parts of the world where the purchasing power of the dollar is still not deserving of mockery.  I even found those tea cups that I bought at the French Concession and Tianzifang in Shanghai--they are fully 20% cheaper at Sun Vin!The checkout experience is no-nonsense and quick even if not friendly.  Interestingly, every item in the receipt simply reads 'Grocery'--so much for SKU data and UPC codes.  Then again, I quite like the abstraction, especially when what is concealed in the line items is my shameless love for cloying candy and sugary snacks.We have a winner in Sun Vin.  I shall be back soon!
<review# 2063,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2014,7/21/2014,139,82,13,26,25>This is a new salon, just opened last week. I got to know this place because the hairstylist I go to moved her. Her name is Effie, she always makes me look smexy and fresh, and ofc they charge an affordable price!Anyways... so about this new shop, just gonna make it quick and sweet:- Relatively small but its good-sized. Fits about 5-6 people at once.- Very modern interior with a bright and metallic theme.- The staffs here are all blazed up and pressed up in black and white. Very trendy looking.- Felt like I was sitting in a lounge at one point because of the music in the background (it was Disclosure's song)- Look for Effie, she's off on Thursdays only. Some other people mentioned Roy in their reviews, I've not tried him before, he looks like a nice dude.- 20% discount right now as it is a new shop.Get your hair cut today!!
<review# 2064,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2014,7/20/2014,1379,2327,29,39,33>It's now quite obvious that I might never have to leave the proximity of where I live for a downtown experience as long as wonderful spots like DTUT have opened in the UES/Yorkville part of town. Why schlep down to 14th street or Brooklyn when places like this rivals or even betters anything they have to offer? This coffee house and cocktail joint rocks! A terrific addition to the neighborhood indeed.Where else would I go to experience a great selection of coffee drinks, snacks, wines, beer, and cocktails all in one place? Right around the block from my crib. Heck, they even serve up coffee cocktails if looking for both a buzz and caffeine rush at the same time. It's not just a coffee shop but a liquor bar too! Oh, bring some friends to play board games they have on hand here. Read one of the books they have on the shelf for all to enjoy. Use the free wifi they offer Monday to Friday if you need to get some work done or just surf the net. Weekends are made for conversing and socializing so it's a great concept keeping wifi off on Sat and Sun. Drink and have fun! Talk to each other! Don't forget to satify that sweet tooth as they offer two different sizes of "make it yourself" smores and fondues. Bring a group or just come on a date as DTUT has something for everyone. As their name stands for Downtown Uptown they have really perfected the downtown vibe right up here on the upper part of Manhattan. With most of the old school coffee houses that many of us grew up with disappearing it is totally refreshing to have a real coffee house in the area now that is not associated with any chains. Such a chill inviting vibe here. Friendly staff and owner. Exposed brick walls. An eclectic mix of carefully arranged shabby chic furniture, comfy old couches, big plush chairs, tables, stools, ottomans, pillows and cushions. Retro Edison style lighing and mirrors along with cool artwork adorn the walls. Some great music from indie rock to country to old school jams to etheral tunes are on constant play. Loyalty card too to collect a free drink. On those nice days the front opens up with an old wooden window seating counter to kick back at and watch the world walk by. Cozy and relaxing environment.Dare I say it that the UES/Yorkville part of town has a bit of hipster cool up here now? Just come and enjoy what DTUT has to offer, grab a drink, and ride the caffeine wave.
<review# 2065,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2013,7/19/2014,104,171,4,7,5>Come here if you like OOO-NEE!   Here are the dishes which stood out...Uni CrostiniCroquette made with lobster & IberiaEgg on Egg on Egg  Ocean Sea Trout & Mushroom Clay PotI don't know what happened but the 35 day Dry Aged Steak missed the mark. I thought it was too fatty and flavorless.  Add some cocktails and doubling the order of some of the apps above to feed 6, runs about $65/pp including tax & tip.  I think this place would make a great venue and would love to host a party here one day.
<review# 2066,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2014,7/18/2014,169,416,3,11,6>You will most likely have to wait for a table at peak times, but once you're seated you never feel rushed, which is nice because the food comes out so fast. One tofu pot is definitely enough for one person but I heard the jap chae was epic so we got that to share. It was too much but it was soo good so we brought the rest home. I got the dumpling tofu bowl (hot - you can choose your level of heat). Along with all your little appetizer dishes, you get a whole flaky white fish of some kind, which I'm normally not big on but this was salty and crunchy and nice. Lychee soju was good but kinda tasted like juice - maybe stick to regular. Definitely one of the best/youngest/cheapest 32nd Street institutions.
<review# 2067,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2014,7/17/2014,78,153,1,6,3>Lamb burger lived up to hype, which surprised me. I've never been impressed with lamb burgers- they tend to be dry and overly herbed/spiced. I ordered mine medium rare, which was great, but I might even go to rare next time. The bun was crispier than expected but held up well to the burger + feta. The fries were thick cut and served with a cumin mayo, and they were pretty average overall. I'd swap them out w/ another side if I was allowed. Cocktails were excellent. My favorite was the "Wake Up Call," which included bourbon, coffee, egg white, and stout. Four of my favorite things. Great dessert drink. I really like places like this. Incredible food, laid back atmosphere, good music, great drinks. I'll be back, for sure.
<review# 2068,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2013,7/16/2014,50,143,4,9,4>I had believed that there would be no place that has better latte/cappuccino than Gregorys in this midtown west area. And yes, I admitted that I was wrong after I tried FLAT WHITE at this place. Some people say this coffee is over-priced, but I think it's definitely worth it. And also worth waiting on a long line in the afternoon! It's not latte or cappuccino - it's flat white. People say that flat white is Australian version of latte, but technically it's different from latte or cappuccino in terms of how milk is used when making coffee. Cappuccino has stiff foam of milk on top of espresso, so that you taste milk bubble first when drinking. Latte is made of liquid milk blended with espresso, so it tastes just like milky coffee. Flat white has even mix of both liquid and velvety foam of milk with espresso on the bottom of a cup. (I did some research because I was so curious how flat white tastes different from the other two)Indeed, one of the best quality coffees in the midtown. You should not miss their cookies; they are very thick like a scone but very soft and yummy! Chocolate chip is the best! Oatmeal and green tea are also good.
<review# 2069,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2013,7/15/2014,62,49,3,7,5>Great place! Awesome location in Alphabet City which makes bar-hopping easy.  Lots of food, lots of beer and an amazing variety of both. I love spots with great craft beer so naturally it is my go-to spot when in the area.  Spitzer's has two bars- main one and another one in the back room. It's can get a little crowded and it's sometimes hard to find a spot to sit. If you'd like a table you might have to make a reservation of some sort.   Great place to come with a small group though since seating may be a little tightBathrooms are located downstairs, which is nice because they are away from both bars and all seating. They've been pretty well kept every time I've come here also. If you're looking for something to snack on, get the sweet potato fries! One of the best I've ever had.
<review# 2070,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2013,7/14/2014,253,600,3,9,4>Lovely little cafe in our neighborhood - friendly service and super delicious bread. I ordered the skirt steak - very hearty portion and done perfectly medium rare. Husband ordered the seared ahi tuna salad - very good as well but not as good as steak, obviously. The only thing is - the chocolate souffle that we ordered was not soft and fluffy on the inside - it was actually well done and a little dry...not the way I like my souffles. So not quite five stars yet for me.  If the brunch is as good as dinner this will be a solid staple that we will go to often!Tip - very cute and cozy atmosphere - perfect for intimate dinners. Right near the F train on East Broadway.
<review# 2071,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2007,8/9/2007,147,58,23,26,25>In the summer of 1998, spurred by the seemingly Herculean efforts of now-disgraced baseball god, Mark McGwire, I attempted to stymie the rapid, outward progression of my unattractive potbelly by procuring a starter supply of the synthetic hormone, Androstenidone, from a local GNC.  The nearest GNC I knew of was in Carrol Gardens, so I jumped on the train and headed down to the proverbial beanstalk for the "magic beans" that I hoped would transform my wholly unimpressive, soft physique into something worthy of an Italian sculptor.  My enthusiasm was quickly rebuffed by an attentive GNC employee who spotted me lingering near the locked glass case that housed my miracle pills.  He warned me that andro was for professionals, and that improper use would result in the formation of abnormally large mammaries, better known in the world of juvenile, anatomical colloquialisms as "Man Tits".  While I was not seeking to replicate the mutant, grotesque features of Mark McGwire, the media hype and revelation of the Cardinal slugger's andro use put me in the market for some slightly bigger guns.  The knowledgeable salesperson at GNC put me right in my place.  And it wouldn't be the last time...A year and change later, I again found myself in GNC seeking a "revolutionary" new supplement that was a mere virgin on the over the counter market.  I cannot recall the exact name of the product, but it was some kind of vitamin water infused with synephrine and ephedra.  The salesman who recited the precautions and side effects of this drink to me did so with such efficiency, I decided to void the purchase and terminate future attempts at acquiring the fountain of youth.  In this case, drinking from the fountain was only slightly less a detriment to one's health than licking the floor of a crystal meth lab.  So, why does GNC get the 4 star rating?  Because I left with the feeling that they genuinely placed my personal safety above profit...on two separate occasions, no less.  It's a rarity in the wellness industry, which often seems driven by financial gain through deceptive advertising, but that was not my experience with GNC.  I enthusiastically recommend the Carrol Gardens store to anyone wishing to consult a knowledgeable workforce prior to making a nutrition supplement purchase.  They may not tell you what you WANT to hear, but your body will most certainly thank you for listening.
<review# 2072,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2007,8/8/2007,274,1482,10,12,14>What's more satisfying than a cold beer on a hot Sunday afternoon? Or hot chocolate on a wintry morning? Or a kinky slap on the ass from your hunnie? Or binge drinking at OTW, followed by a fast consumption of pizza and falafel? YOOOOOOOOOLATO! This place is bright, friendly and tiny. They have a variety of gelato flavors and yogurt flavors with an assortment of toppings and sauces. 2 sizes to choose from and you can mix your flavors of gelato. I tried the tiramisu and peanut butter cup. While the peanut butter cup tasted like a creamier and tastier version of the nutter butter cookies, the tiramisu lacked in flavor but wasn't entirely tasteless. Just didn't have the umph that the regular tiramisu cake has. Service was very friendly and helpful. They even gave Tony L a free scoop of gelato after he had already consumed more than 1/2 of his cup! HOT! This place only gets 4 stars because they have crepes but they are not take-out friendly. They are available for take-out but they put them in a styrofoam container that you have to carry around. In Japan, a crepe is sold more as street food, where you can walk up to the counter, order a crepe and it comes wrapped like a burrito in wax paper. It is wrapped so well that no ice cream or other liquids spill out onto your hands. Yolato should try this method!!!
<review# 2073,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2007,8/7/2007,61,63,16,12,10>Generally I use fries as an excuse to eat more ketchup...At Pommes Frites, I use fries as an excuse to eat more pineapple mayo...and I use pineapple mayo as an excuse to eat more fries...It's a vicious cycle.Tip for the broke:  Ask for as many free samples as possible.  Then, when they get annoyed that you're not ordering, just pretend you're with someone else who already ordered.Works like a charm ; )
<review# 2074,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/13/2006,8/6/2007,98,60,39,12,17>I came here to have lunch with a lady friend, not an illicit affair.That said, this would be a great place for an illicit affair because they sat us all the way in the back of the restaurant where there were no witnesses and we did not have any hanky-panky of any sort.My hot, sexy friend had the Miss Patty's Chicken Sammy, which is a chicken sandwich with a funny name on toasted challah bread. I did not touch her. It was all business. She said the sandwich was quite good and she ate the entire thing, though she's quite thin and I did not have an affair.I went for the Grilled Chicken Salad Oriental. Why they named it that - with the adjective modifying the noun after the fact - is beyond me. But I did not cheat on my wife and thought it was a nice, light salad with a tasty dressing. No vows were broken.For a beverages during our wholesome cheat-free lunch, I went for the traditional iced tea. My very desirable lady friend had a coke. Not much to report there other than nothing amoral happened and I got a free refill.This is a fun atmosphere and the place seems kid-friendly. I noticed a few strollers. I'd certainly consider going there with my son and my wife who I did not cheat on.
<review# 2075,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2007,8/5/2007,3042,749,14,28,30>Eco-friendly, Recycled clothing, that is reinvented just for you!!Dear Ms. Kate Goldwater, I LOVE YOUR STORE and everything that you represent! You are such a beautiful person.  When I was walking down 7th Street toward Avenue B I saw you standing in the door in later what I would come to understand is one of your creations.  Your outfit led me to believe that inside your shop were  "reworked" vintage pieces and I was happy to find out that I was right! I was even happier to find out that unlike some of the other shops that have vintage that is UNBELIEVABLY marked up your pieces are VERY reasonable!!  Though not everything in your shop is vintage it is 300% recycled and in a country where we have so much waste every little bit really does help.  Honestly it's great to see such an incredibly sweet woman doing something that she loves soooo much that ultimately will make people think about the way that they live and what kind of impact they personally have on the world that we live in.Thank you again for being so sweet, sincere, and not joining the thousands of rip-off artists that hide behind their slave labor and unjustified markups. Your prices are reasonable, your heart is in the right place, and may you be blessed for really giving back.At this very moment while sitting here typing away on my laptop I am wearing one of the shirts that I bought from you today in your shop and  I am contemplating never taking it off.  *laughs* Okay I promise to wash it... when I take a shower.  But seriously it is one of the most comfortable shirts that I now own.So I wanted to post this letter here to let you know that every person who saw your shirt on me absolutely LOVED IT!!   My friend's roommate thought that I bought the shirt at Barney's... and another friend was completely shocked that it was under $100.  Little did they know... *smirks* When I told my friend's roommate where I bought it and what your store was about she took your card, wanted to check out your website, and said that she would probably be heading in to buy something this week!! She LOVED what you are doing and much like me can't wait to see where your creations go.  Keep working at it!!So here is your first review on Yelp.Okay Yelpers!This girl is all heart.- 300% Recycled clothing- NO Slave Labor- Custom Shopping bag made for you  (no plastic non-biodegradable bags)- Shirts $17-$24- Dresses $45-$80- Really cool bags, jewelry, and shoes!Go check out her store!C'mon guys! What more could you ask for?!That's the best part!! You can ask for anything! If you can dream it up Kate can make it for you!!  Just bring something over or ask Kate to make design something that you will like!!  If you're not a fan of part of a shirt or dress she'll mend it on the spot or add straps or hem something at no extra charge! Keep working on your designs and your technique Kate!! :o) I'm excited to see your creations for years to come!Till we meet again....Many Thanks,Megan C.Date Rating: N/APick up Scale: N/AStrong Suggestions: If you know someone who's into making a difference in the world they would really enjoy knowing about this place... pass on this review or email it to your friend.
<review# 2076,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/15/2007,8/4/2007,37,48,18,6,6>Meh.  Why do I keep coming back to this place?  Yaffa is evidence that I suffer from premature Alzheimer's, as I always forget some very important reasons to not return:1.  One day I attempted to order an omelet (it was brunch time, I was hung over, and obviously needed grease), but I asked for egg whites.  The waitress said they "don't have them."  Hm.  This does not make sense.  If you have eggs, this means you have egg whites, right?  Unless they are using liquid egg beaters, which, in my opinion, is just nasty.2.  I asked for soy milk in my coffee.  They have none.  You'd think with the surplus of vegetarians/vegans/lactose intolerants in this city they'd splurge on the C-Town brand of soy milk.  But dammit....that effing kitsch always allures me!  Kitsch!  My one weakness!  Damn you Yaffa!!!!!  Arrrrrrrrrrrgh!!!!!
<review# 2077,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2007,8/3/2007,350,246,9,13,11>At first i was not so sure i could muster 5 stars for this admittedly tepid production of Romeo and Juliet, but when i consider a few factors (below) i realize it just had to get full marks.1) its free!2) its a great idea - ha! take that Topeka, and your silly Shakespeare in the park, we're NYC and this is how WE roll...3) despite the difficult blocking and 'set' design (a van) the actors do a good job pulling it off4) there is a cafe across the street, so if you get bored/thirsty you can have a beer and watch (provided you don't need to hear - but who does not know the play anyway)5) forget Bryant Park, this is my new summer dinner-picnic locationbring pillows and or comfy seating - 2hrs+ is a long time to sit on the asphalt
<review# 2078,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2007,8/2/2007,97,36,28,20,22>Guys, want to buy a tie for a gazillion dollars?  Ladies, want to get a scarf for two gazillion dollars?  The point is, though, after shopping here you might die poor but by God you would look incredible.  Awesome prints on the ties, scarves, etc., which change from year to year, the most beautiful materials, all add up to make Hermes one of the best stores in the world.  If you had to buy just one over-the-top-expensive thing, you should consider Hermes.Oh, they make some great colognes and perfumes too.  And saddles.
<review# 2079,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2007,8/1/2007,193,768,15,14,16>Oh my word, I'm typing this 24 hours too late. I should've been typing this review when I still had some liquor in me. Met a bunch of fellow eYelpers for fun, food and, uh, fun. Everyone who was anyone was there last night: maria, oliver, brian, julie with a U, joolie with two O's, josie, joe,  josey, josephine, joey, crystal, gabriel, matt, george, brad, fergie, latifah,  leo, tobey. I mean, everyone came out last night.Everything was great last night. Total damage was:3 lychee martinis1 Corona1 Yuengling1 Chicken Satay w/ rice1 Pancake w/ scallion thingy1 order of chicken wingsCheap ass drinks but you know EXACTLY where they're going. too bad you wont know exactly where you're going when you have even one drink. But who cares, when its $4 a drink? I'll have to come back here, and hopefully we don't have the same waitress. yes there are pix. No i dont remember how i took them.
<review# 2080,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2007,7/31/2007,321,290,14,14,18>Is this a command? Well yes, then, I will waltz right into this sexily hidden away coffee & wine shop a hop skip and a jump from my place of residence.Lucky for me I stumbled upon Waltz on the first ever blues night. To my delight a free concert and a free cookie piqued my interest in a place I plan to frequent for as long as I live in Astoria anyway.There is an array of beer (domestic & imports) to choose from. My roomie had a Magic 9 for 5 bucks. Most of their espresso drinks range from 2.75 to 4.75. And a good glass of wine averages 8 but here's what you get along with your order ... sultry ambiance (take a first date here), a fun show (most nights anyway there's something awesome going on from free - 5 bucks), and free wi-fi! This winning combination kicks starbucks' butt all the way back to Seattle.PS ... cutie that works here, you haven't seen the last of me. I saw your come hither stare. Hope you can keep up with my waltzing :-)
<review# 2081,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2009,1/22/2010,422,310,49,31,29>I am not a girl.  Therefore, I did not expect to find anything of value here to satiate any sort of manly desire, but - WAIT A MINUTE! - they've got some sick tie clips and cuff links for $5-$10.I am not a woman, but sometimes my friends tell me that I am.  Good thing my girlfriend likes jewelry too.  I used her as cover real nice to take a closer look at this hidden gem (look at that pun!) in Chelsea.  She lost her hoops recently and we were able to find suitable replacements here for $5!I am not a grandmama, but I can be frugal like one, so this place is pretty awesome considering that all their wares come from foreclosure auctions mainly in the New England area on the weekends.  A lot of older antique jewelry pieces and accessories, mostly for women, that my lady can enjoy for a fraction of the price at non-vintage stores.I am not a female, but my hips don't lie.  Neither do my thighs.-------1ne hundo
<review# 2082,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2010,1/21/2010,851,191,14,24,20>I love this place. Only had a so-so meal once and it was at lunch so I am not gonna judge based on that as it's a dinner place for me really...I remember that rainy day after leaving the Angelica. We saw The Good Girl and walked in to WLO. That was quite a few years ago. When did The Good Girl come out? 2002? Ever since then I have had dozens and dozens and dozens of dinners here. We even had a private party for 20 upstairs (fun! shoes off, pillow seating, great service, etc etc). I definitely am a creature of habit when it comes to this place. I think since the first time, we always get the dungeness crab app (ask for six pieces, they can totally accommodate), seafood scallion pancake, flash fried calamari. I love the cold duck roll appetizer, too. BBQ - ok, here's the thing. I come on any days except Fri/Sat and even on those days if you are there early enough or they are not too busy, the kitchen will BBQ your stuff for you. I would always get sick when I had to cook it myself. I would use the chopsticks I handled raw meat with and then eat with them. Bad scene. Up all night. Never again. They're very nice there though, you just have to ask. I am a huge fan of the spicy pork, shortribs, salmon, tiger prawns - any of these on the BBQ menu are amazing. I love the side salad with mini sides of kimchi and other bit size goodies. Love desserts here, too. Had the pear crumble last night - delicious. I remember loving the molten chocolate cake there, too. SAKE! I love Sake. I always order Oka (heard once it's the most feminine one of them all - shocker). I like them fruity and with a hint of flowers or melon. YUM! I find myself always recommending this place for high end Korean. It's fun, sometimes it's a scene (Nina G, Bjork, whatever) sometimes it's the other scene (Snookie, Situation, Pauley D - kidding, never seen these ones but lots of carbon copies walking around on some evenings).
<review# 2083,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2009,1/20/2010,107,117,29,25,26>*Ahem* Hello, my name is Thu and I am a dork with rubber stamps.  If you think my antique teacup collection is impresive, I have a grand collection of rubber stamps even better.  I love them.  When I was little I would take my stamps and stamp everything.  One time I went so far and stamped all over my face and body (much to my mother's horror).  And that was one painful scrubbing I got.. Now I've "matured" and kept them strictly for card-making fun.For a sucker like myself, finding this little gem in the West Village was like finding the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow!  The space is tiny, but filled from wall to wall with rubber stamps and accessories (i.e. paper, ink pads, waxes etc - you know, all SECONDARY to rubber stamps) and the service is as sweet as can be.  Stamps range from alphabet fonts to intricate portraits like Marilyn Monroe.You could spend hours and hours there looking at the thousands of wooden rubber stamps that they carry (I only spent an hour, maybe an hour and a half there, I swear!!).  They have every color of ink from basic shades to neon to metallic.  They have a wonderful collection of hole punchers with whimsical shapes like hearts, scalloped circles, leaves, candles.  Wax seals, embossing powder, and paper products.   This place is hands down better than any Kate's paperie around!  It will inspire you to rubber stamp the sh*t out of everything.If you are lucky enough to be on the receiving end of one of my magnificent homemade cards, you have no one else to thank but the INK PAD.
<review# 2084,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2009,1/18/2010,639,836,23,23,22>For about two weeks now I've walked by this establishment on a regular basis in the midst of my daily food adventures, on my way downtown and on my way back uptown -- only in the past couple of days have they taken the paper off the windows, and only yesterday were people visibly and actively shuffling about indoors -- my friend and I (after noticing a particularly attractive individual working inside) made inquiries about when they were opening, what their name is, and what would be on the menu.Their grand opening is today... My friend said I could come here and get a First Review. I said I wouldn't, because it'd take me a few visits before I had enough appetizers and entrees under my belt to get a complete grasp of the place and undoubtedly someone would get to it before me -- but, out of nowhere, two of my friends invited me out to dinner tonight, asking if I knew anywhere new that looked promising, and I suggested Agua Dulce -- we had about a dozen dishes between the three of us and thus I feel secure enough in my knowledge of the overall experience to write a review -- and, yet somehow, even though they've just started serving the public a few hours ago, somebody got a review in before me... 5 days ago?! But I'm not bitter, no way, not me.This place easily wins the spot for my favorite Spanish-based (as in from Spain, mostly) restaurant in Hell's Kitchen -- although, in my opinion, there isn't much serious competition -- it's absolutely beautiful inside, the service is incredibly attentive and friendly, and lots of attention was paid to decorating both the bar and the main seating-area, and surprisingly it's even rather pleasant and attractive outdoors (which is a big compliment coming from me -- I normally can't stand eating "al fresco" in NYC, with all the congestion and pollution).We started with:-- House-made guacamole with fresh tortilla chips.-- Assorted grilled marinated vegetables.-- Assortment of Spanish cheeses and cured meats.-- Patatas Bravas with garlic aioli with smoked paprika.We continued with:-- Crispy sweetbreads with grapefruit and fennel.-- Galician octopus with smoked paprika and olives.-- Spicy fried shrimp empanadas.-- Yellow-fin tuna tiradito with lychee/mint salsa.We finished with:-- Grilled calabaza stuffed poblano peppers with romesco sauce.-- Mixed seafood stew with coconut milk and cashews.-- Smoked tea braised beef short ribs with grilled string beans.-- Saffron rice with grilled chicken and chorizo.We ordered more than half of the dinner menu, all at the beginning of the meal, otherwise we most likely wouldn't have ordered so much food... We were expecting everything to be "tapas style" which is so fashionable nowadays -- it seems that somehow most people think that's all Spanish food consists of, just like in the minds of most Americans all that the Japanese ever eat is Sushi -- but the portions were all rather generous, all three of us left extremely full, even after spreading the evening out over a three-hour time-span... I'm taking a couple weeks off drinking alcohol, but my friends each had a few drinks and they both gave rave reviews to their tipples.
<review# 2085,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2009,1/17/2010,231,368,18,19,16>I find it amusing when people make such a big deal about there being only one vegetarian option on the menu... um, welcome to my life! The majority of restaurants in the upper echelon of regard have only one vegetarian option--they just don't make a public spectacle about it like David Chang's trendy ride on the pork wave. By offering (at least) one substantiated vegetarian dish on their tiny menu, Momofuku becomes one of the **very few** NYC noodles houses that is vegetarian friendly! Personally, I find it charming that the chef is selecting my dish for me. I suffer from none of the "maybe I picked the wrong dish for me" guilt that comes along with not enjoying a meal at such a renown restaurant. So, rejoice vegetarians! Do not heed misdirected claims from idiotic self-proclaimed "carnivores" that this food bar does not welcome you. Whatever distaste the Momofuku brand has for your lifestyle does not show in the Ginger Scallion Noodles. yelp.com/biz_photos/HfJh… Heavy flaccid noodles dressed in a classic oil/vinegar/shoyu emulsion spiked with the title ingredients generously fill the deep bowl. Unlike other reviewers here, I didn't think the noodles were too salty--richly salted, yes--pairing perfectly with the quick pickled cucumbers, soft bamboo and seared cauliflower. I also shared the Roasted Rice Cakes (essentially don bokki) pan seared tender nuggets of gluttonous rice flour glazed in a vivid sweet chili sauce (made with dashi per the Momofuku cookbook) and adorned with scallions and pale sesame... all the decadence of pork baos turned inside out. yelp.com/biz_photos/HfJh… So please have no fear, and brings your (non prim donna) vegetarian friends here!
<review# 2086,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2009,1/16/2010,294,141,29,13,14>I really, really, really, really want to hate Magnolia.  I do.  I want to make fun of the overweight Carrie Bradshaw wannabes from Minnesota bragging about being there.  I want to taunt the people frivolously waiting in line for cupcakes.   I want to be like the rest of my fellow jaded New Yorkers!!!...but...after some time, reconsideration and a broad sampling of baked goods - I actually *like* Magnolia Bakery.I'm not really a cupcake person - but the cakes and other sweets they have are pretty delicious.  SORRY.  I AM SORRY.  I LOVE BILLY'S BAKERY TOO, AND AMY'S AND MOSTLY ANYONE OFFERING UP SOME SORT OF CONFECTIONS.  I am a dessert whore.  There, I said it.  Bring it on, adult-onset obesity!There isn't usually a dessert so rich I almost contemplate not finishing it.  Magnolia's hummingbird cake ALMOST did me in.  Dense fruity/spicy cake with thick cream cheese frosting in giant slice form is almost lethal.  But damn good.  The red velvet cake is wonderful light, fluffy and frosted with perfect sweet white icing.  Yummm.  Brownies and mini cheesecakes are also sickeningly sweet and delicious.I did recently re-try their cupcakes and they taste better than I remembered them.  Not as good as some other cupcake joints, but good.  Let's ditch the cupcakes anyways.  Cupcakes portray our desperate need for everything to be custom-tailored and individualized to you.  Who the f are YOU?  Put in your contribution to the world and take your slice of the world on head first - err your slice of cake mouth first.  You'll get more out of it, I promise.**And by get more out of it I strictly mean volume of cake.
<review# 2087,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2009,1/15/2010,174,225,18,22,24>Which came first, the chicken or the egg? Neither. The pineapple did, then the egg. A lil' Canadian (or Caribbean) bacon in there also, topped with hollandaise and balanced all upon a toasty English muffin. Caribbean Poached eggs, you are the sunshine of my cloudy day. You, and the bajillion beverages that came with the $9.95 brunch. One would think the brunch menu offered a cocktail and choice of coffee or orange juice, but noooooo. Water glass, cup of coffee, orange juice (from the foreign lands of Tropicana), and Bloody Mary... all lined up military style across my section of the table. All delicious, especially the coffee. I know you're thinking the 9th Street Espresso is right up the street, but this refillable mug of happiness is well worth your love. Not only was the entire brunch delicious, but our table was well cared for by our waiter. I had inquired about the fruit salad and he ended up bringing a bowl of it out just for kicks --- and it's amazing! Tropical fruit party in my mouth, complete with lychee and starfruit.... a surefire way to guarantee me as a returning brunchlover.
<review# 2088,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2009,1/13/2010,253,439,22,23,23>When I was a kid, I had fried chicken every day for lunch from the time I was in first grade through the end of sixth grade. Then when I was in high school, little old Lucy from Jamaica came into our lives. She worked around our house (she scored me weed), and she made the best pan fried chicken ever, mon. Spicy, crispy, juicy and highly addictive. In the years since, I've traveled around the world, sampling fried chicken in food stalls across SE Asia, in the back alleys of mercados in Latin America, and all over this great land of ours. My point is that I may not know much, but I do know good fried chicken. And Charles' Pan Fried Chicken - which recently reopened in Harlem under a new name after a car smashed into its buffet about a year ago -- serves up superb fried chicken. I made the trek to this poultry mecca on a recent December night. For about $15, you get a choice of two sides and as much chicken as you want, along with a drink (lemonade, mmmm) and dessert. I grabbed a paper plate and plied it with two wings, a thigh and a leg, along with rice and pinto beans. Even though this wasn't a fresh batch, the chicken was lightly crispy on the outside, perfectly moist inside, and not greasy at all. Then Charles Gabriel - the Man, the Legend - walked in from the kitchen next door, toting a giant metal tray packed with fried chicken galore. After learning his trade in his native North Carolina, Charles has been cranking out these birds in NYC for 10 years now. "There's some fresh chicken right there," he encouraged me, in his southern drawl, as I leaped to the display case and snatched a breast, another wing, leg and thigh. Ohmygodthisissuchgoodshitmmmm. Meanwhile Mrs. Charles was telling the story about the crazy crash that occurred last winter and forced the place to shut down. "The car came right through the front window and landed right about here," she said, pointing to the back of the buffet table.  "The driver was a 19-year-girl, who was driving her boyfriend's father's car. Craziest thing I ever saw!"I was nearly finished with my meal when King Charles reappeared with yet another batch (my lucky day!!). Stuffed but still determined, I hopped back to the buffet and picked out my favorite breast, fresh as a newborn baby. Moments like this, it's what life is all about. Red velvet cake was the cap on a most memorable meal. Yes, in my opinion, this is the BEST BIRD IN TOWN! - I said goodnight and stepped out to the street. A gypsy cab drove by, blasting Elton John's "Goodbye Yellowbrick Road" across 145th as I headed home, full from my feast.
<review# 2089,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2009,1/12/2010,552,567,85,37,56>Deep inside every world-weary, beer-pong-pitching, Chinese-food-wolfing, Vagisil-kept, coffee-breath'd, razor-burned Manhattan female is a little girl who experimented with make-up before men, and thought that her mother was beautiful and elegant, before realizing she was incontinent and obnoxious.This little girl can spend hours spinning in lux-vintage designer cocktail dresses at Darling, sampling tea-rose rings and matte costume jewelry, and coveting frilly HoneyDew underthings.  Then, this little girl can pipe the fuck down, pull her Filene's Basement office trousers back up over varsity-soccer-ruined thighs, check her Blackberry, and remember she has to lie her way out of jury duty tomorrow.
<review# 2090,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2009,1/11/2010,174,105,27,27,28>Reviews to date for the Museum of Art and Design or 'MAD' for short have run all over the place namely because:a) art of course is subjective, modern art x10b) rotating exhibits mean rotating ratings As others have noted, the permanent collection is an unimpressive yawner, but I implore you to walk, run, taxi it over to check out two 5-star exhibits starting with this mind blowing genius:(I) "Slash: Paper Under the Knife" is an exhibition of 45 international artists working solely with, you guessed it, paper.  Sound boring?  It's not.  At the end of your two floor tour, you will reach three conclusions:a) these artists have OCDb) these artists are on drugsc) all of the aboveRather than butcher any attempts at description, I'll just say the works were trippy, morbid and titillating, both head scratching "how'd they do that?" and jaw on floor gorgeous.  Here are a couple verbatims from a focus group of two:a) "that was awesome." b) "that was f-ing awesome!" Slash is running until April 4, 2010.  Go.  Please.  (II)  "Read my Pins: The Madeleine Albright Collection" is exactly that: 200 brooch pins worn during her tenure as Secretary of State.  Wow, that sounds really... dull?  It's not.  Por ejemplo, did you know:- That she wore a big ass nuclear missile pin during a visit with Putin?  To which he asked "Is that a big ass nuclear missile pin?" ("big ass" added for effect and not because Google: Russia failed to provide a translation)  - That she's an avid fan of Star Trek and Stetson hats?  Meaning she is a proud owner of Star Trek and Stetson hat brooches?  (cries)- That she wore a gigantic American flag pin and 2-inch heels when meeting Kim Jung-il...as did he?  (minus american flag pin)  As for the show's significance, apparently her choice of pin was strategic - both to match the diplomatic occasion and to send non verbal cues in negotiation/protest.  Whether this was even mildly effective I'll delegate to historians, but oh sweet relief because if she really thinks a bejeweled 4-inch lobster pin belongs on a St John's suit, I'll have to pull out the Mr Blackwell handbook.    This exhibit is running until Jan 31, 2010.  General admission is $15 but pay as you wish every Thursday, 6-9pm.  - fin unrelated ps:  100th review!  Or 99 more than I intended to write since boarding the Yelp train 10 months ago.  My dining choices have improved dramatically since then and I now make better informed decisions on where I clog the arteries.  Sure my pants no longer fit but flowy dresses, wide belts, and snappy leggings have miracle properties.  No Spanx for me thanks but 10 stars for new friends - witty writers all of you -  who make me chortle on a weekly basis.  Viva La Yelp!
<review# 2091,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2005,2/7/2006,37,140,1,3,5>"The Nicest Lady on the Lower East Side," or, "My experience shopping at Lolli, represented mostly through quotes from the shopkeeper." "Hey, how's it going? Have you shopped here before?" I had not. "Ok, let me tell you about the store, and then I promise not to follow you around and bug you again. You know how when you go into Barnes and Noble and you can just sit down and read and do your thing? I want this store to be like that. So there're couches there, old issues of Harpers, vintage Vogues, and any time you're in the neighborhood just stop by, get some tea, use the bathroom, just say hi. All the clothes here are hand cut and sewn, there are the orignal designs, the bags, and then some vintage reworkings." Rad.The vintage reworkings were more my style than the Lolli designs, but I'm just not big on crochet. The cropped leather military jackets were pretty hot, though. Baggy purses, also cute. I found a 1940's slip, dyed November grey. A bit too big. I pinched it here and there, pulled at the straps. Too big. "Pumpkin, are you still trying to make that fit? Tell you what. There's a tailor across the street. Take it over there, have him pin it up, give you an estimate, and then bring me back the receipt for the alteration. I'll knock that much off the purchase price. No, you don't have to pay for it ahead of time, I trust you, it's cool." Oh, and there's jewelry. When I came back from the tailor, I picked out a vintage scarab brooch strung on a leather necklace. And got a free canvas tote bag in the process. Grand total for 1940's silk full-length slip dress, alteration, jeweled brooch necklace, and tote bag? $70. Beautiful clothes, friendly shop, if I could give six stars I would.
<review# 2092,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/4/2006,2/6/2006,0,0,1,1,1>Winnie's is pretty hit-or-miss. Some nights the crowd is up for anything. Other nights there's a weird Chinese mafia and/or bridge and tunnel vibe. This one cute bartender kind of makes up for it, though. As does the steamed dumplings and the "party in your basement when your parents are away" ambience. I also love that they use a laserdisc karaoke system. Um, hello. Remember laserdiscs? Those things are HUGE. And even if you don't get up to sing (I always do--last night it was "Stop Draggin' My Heart Around"), even perusing through the songbook is comical. It's filled with Bad Engrish.
<review# 2093,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2005,2/5/2006,53,245,,2,2>Great muffins, smoothies, and coffee drinks.  The chai tea is unlike any other I've had.  If only they had couches, I'd want to live there.  A tip: show up after 6 and try for discounted day-old muffins.
<review# 2094,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2006,2/4/2006,94,0,12,1,3>This place is awesome. One of the best all around dining experiences I've had. Great space and atmosphere. I pretended I was Jay Z, maybe it was because I was wearing all white and a white top hat or maybe it was because I pictured C notes dropping out of my pocket at each step, but we ordered apps galore, entrees, dessert, bottles of wine...the works. I was like "babygirl don't you worry this is your night...waiter, please, my babygirl only eats dessert that is served on top of silk pillows and please bring her some toast." But you might say Dr, I saw you there and you were with some old college friends. I say whatever, there are always two sides to every story.
<review# 2095,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2005,2/3/2006,37,138,13,2,6>I hate to say it because it makes me sound like a philistine, but I just don't like The Strand that much.  It is dusty, crowded, and nearly impossible to navigate.  Yes, it is certainly the God of Used Book Stores, but God is huge and scary and sends plagues.I still go here, because they do have everything ever published.  However, most of the time, I don't need everything ever published, I just need one or two things, so I go to a smaller and more pleasant shop.  Still, The Strand is undeniably a place of power and majesty.
<review# 2096,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2006,2/2/2006,139,7,1,3,5>I have watched this stunning piece of Italian decadence grow for the past three years and it still remains my "go to" restaurant of choice.  Pietro, Daniel and Stephen will treat you like the East Village prince or princess you always wanted to be.  My forever favorite is the Fusilli with pesto - for a mere $10, this plate goes above and beyond its selling price.  I recommend popping some Prosecco with your meal and head downstairs for a more intimate affair.  Rustic, romantic and effervescently warm.  You will not be disappointed.  Rather, you will most likely fall in love as another victim to the Italian charm.
<review# 2097,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2006,2/1/2006,64,74,2,3,1>I'm perpetually amazed by the food at Becco.  The cuisine is delicious and a relative bargain for the size of the portions.  The Ossobuco reminds you why you can't eat it every day even if you want to, and the pork chop is so good you'd eat Arnold from Green Acres.  But the king high potentate of the menu is the Sinfonia di Pasta.  A bottomless plate of three perniciously good pastas.  Enough to make Dr. Atkins recant his evil ways.  What's more, the wine selection is spectacular (with an extensive list in the $25 range) and the waitstaff charming and informed.  Becco rules The Row.
<review# 2098,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/11/2006,1/31/2006,1916,875,1,1,1>"Too cool for you" chinese, brought to you by the same folks who own half the bars and restaurants in Hell's Ktichen.  Sadly the atmosphere outshines the food here.  It's not bad, but I feel like for Chinese food to be delicious, it has to be super-cheap (Mee Noddle Shop-style) or Super-Expensive (China Grill style).  Xing is somewhere in between.  Great selection of cocktails, snazzy surroundings, decent food.
<review# 2099,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2006,1/30/2006,26,24,1,6,1>A mixed used space that features a restaurant, bar, and a backroom that has 4 video screens and 5.1 surround sound where various types of screenings take place. From single content viewings to mash-ups like Pamela vs. Paris. Eat some food "from a country that doesn't exist" prepared by Coleman Lee Foster who has worked at Chanterelle, Gramercy Tavern, Esca, Bouley Bakery, Union Pacific. Sit on large comfortable couches and watch video screenings curated by different people from independent curators to curators from the Electronic Arts Intermix archive. Check out this mixed use space that is permanent and well maintained. They have a calendar: monkeytownhq.com/october… that features various screenings and performances.
<review# 2100,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2006,1/29/2006,71,96,,4,1>i recently brunched here with a few friends and found the experience to be overwhelmingly enjoyable.  sure, there's a bit of a wait.  but, where can you go for brunch on a sunday without expecting a wait these days?  the waitstaff was attentive without being pushy.  and they were very accomodating of our large party in such a tiny space.  a lovely neighborhood find!
<review# 2101,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2007,5/3/2008,218,231,11,10,14>Wasn't this the title of a Jefferson Airplane song that paralleled the hallucinogenic world of LSD and Alice's Adventures in Wonderland? Could there be a better name to this place? O wait of course there could be. What were they thinking?  Why do I like White Rabbit?1) Happy Hour drink specials.2) Many times there are people there that I actually enjoy hanging out with.3) The bartender knows me by name, and I his.4) The bartender will "buyback" on occasion (unheard of in Gotham bars).5) The bartender makes me feel at home in this establishment.The appetizers are hit or miss, but mostly miss (summer rolls and sliders, iffy at best).  WR it is a great space to kick it like a soccer ball with good people that like to relax. LSD aspect: there is always some insane movie playing in the background, often foreign. Maybe I lack culture, but that's WHACK!Negative: the generic music that plays before the DJ gets there to spin is a bit weak, and the DJ is alright on a Friday night (fell in love with strings of songs from certain times and genres, mix it up son).
<review# 2102,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2007,5/2/2008,179,230,26,14,17>hey marlowe, whatcha eating?a cupcake.it was 8 in the morning and marlowe looked silly, i have to admit. i mean, cupcakes are for girls.i heard that! marlowe suddenly gave me a look. THAT look, the one that always makes me feel that i should have stayed home in a dark room. i started my reflexive shuddering, but then i remembered, marlowe was eating a cupcake and cupcakes are for girls.so i laughed and said it again. cupcakes are for girls, you fat pussy! of course i ran like hell after that.but it got me to thinking, those cupcakes must be pretty damn special for marlowe to risk being seen in broad daylight eating one.so i headed back to crumbs and tried one. and another. and another. and another.so i've had about eight of them now, all different, and seven were exquisite and one was maybe not quite exquisite but nearly so. they're a pain to eat because they crumble a little and you get icing all over your face, but that just seems to prompt a gorging methodology. cupcakes be damned, these are fantastic small cake miracles.suddenly marlowe reappeared, his face two inches from mine. i could smell his 28th street aftershave and it was not pleasant.you, he said.you look like a goddam girl.
<review# 2103,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2008,5/1/2008,122,68,58,37,48>SOME THINGS ABOUT ME AND THE MTA [A-Z with a few jumps in between]A.) I am the loser New Yorker who, whenever the train is slightly empty, goes to the map and studies it with awe.B.) "It's like a whole world! But underground!" I don't know how many times I've said that.C.) I love the feeling of getting OFF the subway and emerging into the city above ground.  You become somewhat dislocated every time.  It's an incredible five-second experience.D.) Nothing makes me smile more than three mexicans in cowboy hats singing La Bamba.E.) Once you learn the subway system, you feel like you are step closer to becoming a New Yorker.  It's an intrinsic aspect of the New York identity.F.) When you are drunk, and you sing in the stations, the acoustics are amazing!1.) Don't be a pussy.  The subway is dirty.  It runs 24/7.  Get over it.2.) Seeing a rat indoors is good luck.  Cherish it.3.) If you see something, say something!  My friend once told me about a guy who showed the insides of his bag to her.  In it was a fifth of jack daniels and a hand gun.  He told her he was working for the CIA, and that "we" were all in trouble.  If she would have said something, she could have received a substantial monetary reward.G.) Nobody in Manhattan rides the G train.  It doesn't come here.  In that case, I'll write about buses.  A lot of my friends are scared to ride the buses, but if you ever need to get across town, they are your best bet.  Plus, they have free transfers to-and-from the subways!  You can't lose!  If you are walking, and a bus passes you, pull out that Metrocard and hop on until you are close to the next subway stop!4.) MTA will take you to LaGuardia.  It's a slight pain in the ass, but for two dollars, get over it.5.) People who refuse to ride the subway tend to also be the kind of people who refuse to try new foods.6.) If you routinely make the same trip, memorize what end of the station you exit, then you can get to that end of the train before it even picks you up.  It can save you at least three minutes of time, and when you're in a hurry in New York City, three minutes is a life saver.J.) During winter, you can limit the amount you have to walk in the cold outdoors by figuring out which exit in the subway is closest to your destination.  L.) Give subway musicians a break.  The only ones that should creep you out are the old asian guys with the violin-stick things.  I will never be okay with them.  Other then that, the musicians are usually entertaining (if not for their music, their weirdness).M.) Metrocards should be thrown out when they are used up.  We don't like the people that clog the turnstiles because they are going through every old Metrocard in their wallet, trying to find the one that still has credit.N.) I have had dreams about remodeling the subway stations.  I have great ideas for this, and when I become rich (because I will be rich), I will donate tons of money to the subway's remodeling.  I'm being completely serious.Q.) Hopstop.com is a great resource for people who still don't know how to get around in the city.  It works like mapquest, only it assumes you will be taking subways and walking instead of driving.  Print out it's directions, and then simply follow the signs in the subway station.  You can't go wrong.  If you get lost, ask somebody!  Us New Yorkers aren't as rude as the world makes us out to be.R.) I've been on subways in London, Paris, and Chicago.  New York's subway is by far the dirtiest and smelliest.  It is by far the CHEAPEST.  It is the only one that runs 24 hours.  It is the most complex, and most ingenious!7.) This party-animal girl who lives in my building (originally from Brooklyn) once passed out drunk on the subway at 3 in the morning.  A middle-aged woman and a younger man carried her up, found out where she lived, and hailed her a taxi and paid for her to get home.  S.) Metrocard machines are very easy to use and display in multiple languages.  You know you are an avid MTA user when you can buy a metrocard in a foreign language.V.) I once bought a snickers for a dollar from a boy selling them on the train.  It was the best snickers I've ever had.W.) Why does NYU have advertisements in subway trains?  Anybody?Z..) If you ever have a chance to pause and people-watch in the subway stations, please do.  People behave at their most ridiculous state when they are underground.
<review# 2104,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2008,4/29/2008,0,0,15,12,15>So I know that this place reminds you of your french mama's home cooking, if your mama worked at a Michelin 3 star restaurant.But for the love of all that's succulent in the world, STOP over-rating this place, giving it 5 stars and what not!   You'll get bad Yelp-Karma!!Seriously guys... with all you knuckleheads granting them a kajillion stars, people will go with overly bloated expectations!!!  Then there's NO WAY they'll be happy with this place!!!!!   You're dooming them to disappointment, unsatisfaction, that's what you're all doing.Well, that's exactly what I was expecting, going in.  After reading ALLLLLLLLLLL this YELP hype, I just KNEW I had to check out I&L like my life depended on it.  At the same time, I just KNEW there's NO WAY a restaurant can be THIS good...as good as you YELPFUL YELPERS YELPED me to believe.But...alas, it was.  How can I describe the experience the 3 of us had during our deliciously french dinner...Scrumptious?  Delectable?  Beautiful?  Great?  Grand?  Euphoric?  Orgasmic?  Yelpworthy?No.  Words can not do it justice.  After all, how can one describe the amazing wonderment of the sweetest, cutest, authentically French restaurant with the sweetest, cutest, authentically French waitress (with the sweetest, cutest authentically French accent, I might add)?OR their unabashedly letting you BYOB, even encouraging you to run down the street to grab another bottle of vino so your date doesn't have to go thristy during the meal's next course?How about the succulently spicy & aromatic PERFECT mussels in that roasted sauce (that tastes even better when dipped with the free endless french bread in it)?  Moist, tender, melting chicken in a sweet complex sauce?  Or the oozingly juicy rabbit sausage that makes you want to all of a sudden devour all your favorite cartoon characters (come HERE Roger!  Bugs! I won't hurt you...)???I ask you...HOW???  How, you &^$%^@$!So go.  Leave now.  Get there by 6, when they open, and get the best spot in the house.  And go ahead, take some wine along with your ridiculously over-bloated expectations.  And leave with a ridiculously overly bloated self - and wallet.  Cuz it's cheap to boot.
<review# 2105,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2008,4/28/2008,163,562,23,25,21>In a city full of restaurants that come and go and see good times and bad times, Le Bernardin is an institution, and rightly so.  I would rate my experience as one of the most flawless and perfectly executed meals i've ever had, albeit, the most expensive.I could rave on forever about the food.  Eric Ripert is truly doing God's work in the kitchen.  At first bite of the amuse bouche of scallops in some sort of fennel / saffron sauce, I knew we were in for a treat.  What I wasn't prepared for, was the excellent service.The service, as expected was good.  It was DAMN good.  It was so good, that I never once had to ask for anything.  It's like the waiters had a 6th sense about when I needed a re-fill of water or another glass of wine.  Not only were they good, but they were very helpful and not overly pretentious.  Case in point:  My dining companion complained that our 4th course of sauteed skate wing was a bit too salty.  The waiter profusely apologized, and not only replaced her skate wing, but replaced mine as well (mine wasn't that salty, but hell, I got a free skate wing out of it).Some might say the atmosphere is overly stuffy.  The dining room decor is nothing spectacular, visually.  The way that the servers sauce your plate after it's in front of you, and then explain in detail (in french accents mind you) about the dish, you feel as if you might as well hand over the fork and knife and have them hand feed you (here come's ze airplane!).  The jacket only service, which not only caused much embarassment to the gentlement that showed up without jackets, but a somewhat uncomfortable dining experience, as I lived the entire night in fear of spilling bernaise on a blazer that cost as much as the entire dinner.The stiff formality and mediocre decor are forgivable, because when you chomp down on the best poached monkfish that's ever crossed your lips, the only thing that matters in the world is the incredible flavors in your mouth.
<review# 2106,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2008,4/27/2008,355,129,8,13,18>**APRIL 2008 UPDATE ** New cars coming to NYC -- including the BMW 5 series!!  Woohoo!Zipcar is one of those companies that changed the paradigm of the car rental establishment.Before Zipcar, NY'ers who didn't own a car were stuck with going with one the "other rental agencies" and being charged $125+/a day for crappy Fords and Chryslers.  Since Zipcar came on the scene over two years ago, even the establishment changed and has tried to mimic Zipcars rent your car by the hour model.  But Zipcar still wins my "car sharing" loyalty when I'm in NYC (or now in 40 US Cities like Atlanta, Boston, Chicago, London, Philadelphia, Pittsburgh, Portland, San Francisco, Seattle, Toronto, Vancouver and Washington DC) It's like having my  own car in each city!Even their daily rates beat out the big rental agencies in most cases....but what I enjoy the best is having the option of renting a Mini Cooper, a Toyota Prius (my fave), a Volks Rabbit, or one of the many neat models they have available in each city.Gas is included too!
<review# 2107,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2008,4/26/2008,9,18,24,13,20>Wow, there are some weak-ass one-star reviews for this place. Giving it 1 star because you live near it and don't want to have to walk through the crowd? C'mon... or giving it 1 star because of the fact that it's in Brooklyn and then saying "See my review of another place"? WEAK!Bottom line: This place serves great pizza. "It's just pizza!" you say? Well, isn't that what we're reviewing here? A pizza joint? Yeah, I think we are. I'm pretty sure we are. Hold on, maybe I'm not so sure, let me check....Oh yeah, we are. Definitely. It's definitely a pizza place. So if you went there for filet mignon, you're an idiot.Back to my review:I've been to Grimaldi's many times and it's consistently excellent. I've intentionally only visited when I knew I would not have to stand in line, so I assure you that my experiences were with a clear head.It's a simple place and a simple pizza, but done to perfection. The staff take your order quickly, and you get served quickly. The crust has the right amount of crispy, slightly-burned edges. The sauce and cheese, the perfect compliment. Add a few basil leaves, and there you go: it's all you need. Of course, you could get a topping or two, and that would be fine. If you want a reasonably-priced Brooklyn Lager or glass of red wine, you can get either.So if you want to take a nice stroll over the Brooklyn Bridge, swing by here for a meal. Come early, of course.If you've been to Brooklyn to bitch and moan about it, don't come back. We don't want you here anyway.
<review# 2108,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2008,4/25/2008,350,246,16,12,15>If i had a Cuban abuelita who pinched my cheeks no matter how old i was, said things like "finish your chorizo nino," smelled like baby-powder with a hint of garlic and made the best Empanadas in town - The EHEL (call her Ethel) would be my choice!! This lovely smiling ball of of a woman serves a variety of great empanadas that are perfectly golden, crisp and toasty!! Bite off the tip and squirt some scorching hot salsa into the body for the perfect pre-park walkin' food.I'd marry her but Grandpa-shaved-ice beat me to itNOTE: she's really just at the corner of 112th and Madison (it's just a cart - so there is no real address) and she does not come out when it's cold but she's worth the wait
<review# 2109,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2008,4/24/2008,99,97,8,10,9>I come here for vintage candy: wax bottles and candy buttons for my dad; Choward's violet gum for my mother; fruit slices and chocolate-covered cherries for my grandpa.  It's one of the only places in the country where you can get oldies like Black Jack, Squirrel Nut Zippers and Sen-Sen to say nothing of regional oddities like Mallo Cup.  Obviously they've got just about any modern candy you might want, jelly beans by the kilo and rock candy by the ton.  My vice is the "Butter Toffee Pecans" - not always available - in the fruit and nut bins.  It's also the cheapest place to get candied fruit in bulk for fruitcakes.
<review# 2110,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/14/2008,4/23/2008,385,248,11,20,20>I'm truly bi-coastal now, and life requires some changes... and that will include some review writing. 8-9 months in NY and the balance in SF; I have to find a good selection of NY restaurants and recommend them to my SF homies. Chinese Mirch is my favorite restaurant in NY right now. Yes, it's chinese food, but the kind of chinese food anyone has EVER tasted. Unless of course you have lived/visited India. This chinese cuisine is using the same raw materials like noodles, rice, vegetables, soy sauce, etc but all the spices are Indian. Noodles with curry sauce, fried rice with turmeric, chili chicken with basil -- you cannot go wrong with anything in the menu.. anything, trust me. I'm a picky eater and I highly recommend this place if you like to spice up your culinary delights. And outside of India (maybe London) -- New York is the only place to find this particular type of food.update 05/19- went here last night and the 1. service was horrible 2. they gave us the wrong fried rice and 3. food was bad.i'm taking off 2 stars and going to Indomunch 2 blocks up the street
<review# 2111,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/23/2007,11/12/2007,70,61,10,27,15>Cafe Zaiya Users Guide 1.0This is the place with the "Beard Papa guy" out front and a lunchtime crowd that packs in like a JR Yamanote line train at 11 PM on a Friday night. Walking in unprepared during prime lunch rush is ill advised. Read this and go before noon. Here's what you'll find inside...THE LEFT WALLThe microwave: Reheat your food here before eating on the steps of the NYPL or in Bryant Park.Daily special bento/donburi table: Approximately $7, includes bottled water. Ginger pork one day, organic chicken and egg donburi the next. If they're running low and you don't want "an old one," wait a few minutes for a fresh batch.Beard Papa counter: Place your order with Papa. Pay at a cashier, take the receipt back to Papa and pick up your order. Strange but true.Salad bar: I don't buy salad for lunch and haven't here, but this may be your only chance to get vegetables. More later.Sushi cooler: I've seen it.THE MIDDLECashiers: The line to pay can stretch to the far back corner. However, think "Whole Foods," not "Duane Reade." They're fast. Space gets tight between the bento/donburi rack and the salad bar. Keep the aisle clear so people can get past you.Pre-made sandwiches: There are the "variety sandwich thirds" referenced in other reviews, and whole sandwiches such as chicken katsu, curry chicken, and chicken tatsuta (ginger).Bento/donburi: A large metal rack is heaped with a variety of pre-packed dishes including: "Vegetarian" bento, beef bowl, curry bento, eel donburi, Mabo tofu, salmon shio donburi, seafood bento with tempura. Go early and the rice will still be piping hot. If not, use the microwave.Onigiri: This is what others refer to as "triangles." Bless those package-intensive Japanese, they've found a way to wrap them up so that the nori stays separate from the rice until you're ready to eat. It's like the McDLT all over again. Did I just date myself?THE RIGHTThe Parisienne bakery has cakes (whole and sliced), pastries, croissants, breads, croquettes, and snacks. You can find seemingly bizarre but tasty flavor combinations in the cod roe pizza, the tuna corn bun, or the bacon edamame cheese pan. Maybe you'd like some Japanese-style French toast instead, croquettes, or a melon pan. A variety of French croissants are available, and if you look carefully you'll see other items like sesame crackers and yaki mochi (grilled mochi).Other a la carte items: Taped on a wall next to the bakery is a sign showing additional dishes you can order, such as a salmon and salmon roe donburi, katsu don, tempura don, katsu curry with rice, and several pastas. Order and pay at the bakery or the at back a la carte counter, then wait with your receipt near the kitchen entrance in the back left. Someone will appear with your order will arrive in several minutes.THE BACK, CENTERA la carte: A generally fixed selection of steam tray entrees such as tofu steak, mabo tofu, salmon steak, chicken wings, and hamburg steak with mushroom sauce. Portions are large and come with rice and two sides: red potatoes, french fries, and a vegetable medley.THE BACK RIGHT:Drink coolers: Japanese coffee in a can? Aloe juice with aloe chunks? Calpico and Ito En teas? Check, check, check.How does Zaiya stack up to its neighbors?Zaiya is about pre-packed variety and speed. It's okay for lunch, but similar items from its neighbors will be of higher quality. An intensive set of visits revealed patterns that left my palate and stomach weary.Bento: Zaiya offers a larger selection of bento than Chiyoda, which offers only two bento and one donburi daily. However, Zaiya's bento are normally accompanied by only a ball of garlic mashed potatoes and some tsukemono. Sometimes you'll get a bit of fried pork, but the breading is soggy by the time you eat it. Chiyoda offers wakame and crunchy burdock. Zaiya's bento need more vegetables.Donburi: Zaiya offers several donburi that Yagura does not (e.g. unagi, mabo tofu), but Yagura's are larger and fresher.A la carte: The steam tray entrees are about quantity. Sides are starch-heavy (and to think I laughed at L&L's scoops of rice and macroni) and the vegetables are oily at times. The fried salmon is limp compared to Yagura's.At the bakery counter, the blueberry cake was pleasing, not overly sweet. The cod roe pizza and tuna corn are enjoyable but can get oily and sit in your stomach. The sweet potato pastry is a monstrosity, but the sesame crackers are convenient for snacking. The Beard Papa counter provides a way to lure people into meetings. The quality seems consistent with other locations.Service is fast and courteous even during peak rush. Shower before going and be prepared to get really, really close to your fellow diners.Zaiya provides a welcome departure from your standard deli/salad bar and an impressive energy level, but it's no longer my first consideration on this block.
<review# 2112,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2007,11/11/2007,201,397,4,10,10>Had a KICK-ASS time here last weekend when fellow Yelper Tony L. introduced us to this brand-spankin' new Korean no-rae-bang (note: I did not use the word, "Karaoke").  Upon walking in, I was completely wowed by the decor, technology (flat screens, large projector screens, laser lights, great sound systems, etc), spacious, carpeted private rooms, and so much more.Great song selections (Korean, Japanese, American), friendly, quick service, and rather clean bathrooms (a critical part of my reviews).  For 10 people, the tab was $70 per hour.  We belted with fervor for three straight hours - which earned us a free fruit platter on the house.  At the end of the night, when we were at the front counter to pay our dues, they brought out the old school Korean yogurt drinks which earned THEM some major brownie points.  Very nice touch!I'd def go back - preferably with a large group.  It's definitely a place to have some serious good times with your buds.
<review# 2113,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2007,11/10/2007,47,138,21,13,15>5 fried pork dumplings $14 pork buns $1hot sour soup for 2 $1  scallion pan cake $0.50wife happy with the meal $ pricelessi had bookmarked this place a while ago, last week i impulsively left my house with no address( not unusual), picked up pam from midtown and headed towards chinatown for dinner. i only knew that this place was in the vicinity of Dumpling House, we got there walked in circles and almost never found this place. Pam kept on insisting that i go to the internet cafe, log into my yelp account and get the addy. in my mind i was like ' PHACK AFF ' i ain't spendin a DALLA , cause that could buy me 5 dumplings.I even texted my yelper friend Maria m. (thanks maria but i found it by the time i recd. your text) on my last turn we found GOLD. the place was extremely clean for what it offered, the dumplings were tasty, not the best i had. i prefer the ones in DUMPLING HOUSE, pam liked em here better.the hot sour soup was the best i have had in the last 20 years. tip: do not add anything to the soup, just enjoy it the way it is :)the cashier/cook even came over and asked if the food was good, his gesture made me feel as if i was in an upscale restaurant.i would go back to this place cause wifey likes the dumplings here
<review# 2114,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/24/2007,11/8/2007,1916,875,66,24,38>My apologies to Colin Young and The Foundations.Ahem...WHY DO YOU build me up (build me up) Buttercup, baby just to let me down (let me down)?And mess me aroundAnd then worst of all (worst of all)You just weren't as good as they say you are (say you are)You're no cupcake star.I don't need (I don't need) to eat anymore cupcakesMy ass was too fat from the start (ah, ah, ah)So, build me up (build me up) Buttercup, you broke my heart.I'm sorry, but it had to be done.  If you need me, I'll be at Billy's.
<review# 2115,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2007,11/7/2007,36,429,29,25,27>Stephen Colbert shot me in the face.No really, here's how it went down:I went the night that Kucinich was on, and my god was the wait long. They packed the entire audience into the past-the-metal-detector-but-not-in-the-studio-yet room, where we waited. And waited. And waited. Then one of the crew came out and told us that they were doing something 'highly technical', and since Colbert is a perfectionist, they're rehearsing it heavily. And that we should be let in any minute now.So we waited. And waited. And waited a little more, packed in like very friendly sardines. And waited. Normally, i'd just have been irked about this, but since i broke a toe the day before, it was actually rather painful. And yes, it's my own damn fault i didn't pull the, 'i broke a toe, can i have your chair?' to one of the chair-sitters on the sides.Anyway, they eventually let us in. We sat, we dawdled, we listened to the rock music pumped in to deafen the audience to the workings of the cast and crew.Then, the warm up comic. Like the comic at The Daily Show, his primary source of 'humor' was making fun of audience members. He repeatedly told a guy sitting in front of me that he looked like the Oklahoma City bomber, Timothy McVey (or however that's spelled). That just wasn't amusing. He had some good lines, but since i bet he uses them every week, i won't repeat them here. I get that some people seem to think mean humor is funny, but i just don't.So, by around 6:45 (when i was supposed to be at a yelp Free Beer at 7), Colbert comes out. Yay! He did a Q&A, and wow, the charisma just pours of this guy. He can be my presidential candidate any day.After a round of apologies for the delay, and promises that the show will be hilarious, Stephen tugs on his WristStrong bracelet with an innocent, curious look. The crowd goes wild. Stephen starts pulling them from under his desk and shooting them into the crowd like rubber-bands.And now, as you've probably realized, this is where he shot me in the face. He wasn't aiming in my direction, so i wasn't paying attention, then one bracelet hit me on the cheek, like an inch below my eye. It stung a little, but the worst part was that it bounced off my face and the person behind me got it. Very sad.The show, well, if you're reading this you've probably seen it before, so you know how funny it is. I don't really need to bother much with that.And yes, even though Stephen Colbert shot me in the face, i give his show 5 stars. Sure, we waited for ever, but that doesn't seem to be the MO, so i won't deduct for that. And sure, he shot me in the face, but i doubt that happens too often either. And aside from those two irregularities, it was a damn good time.
<review# 2116,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2007,11/5/2007,394,41,18,14,13>Shhh!    Do you hear that?   That's right - that's the sound of nothing because it's Tuesday night & everyone is at Typhoon right now.  Why?   Because it's Sun - Thu and that's the best time to visit this joint:***  1/2 off SUSHI Sun - Thu ***Generally I'd steer clear of 1/2-priced or $20 all-you-can-eats since they're usually "all you can keep down."   But the fish here is actually almost as fresh as Kurasushi (see my 5-star on them.)My main complaint (-1 star for them) is the Unagi/ Eel sushi is not on that 1/2 priced menu - it's fully-priced.  And half-priced menu is $8 min. per person, eat in only (no take-out).  But it's right across the street from me so I don't care - I go over in my boxers with the TV remote strapped to my waist.  But let me give you a better visual:- COD FISH and RADISH SOUP  (appetizer)It's incredible!   Of course it's only on the menu when they FEEL like it.   which unfortunately is not the next time you plan on visiting.   But you'll forgive me --- here are the other delicious items that await!   (yanked from the half-priced menu) - $1, $1.50 or $2.50!- Spicy Crunchy Tuna or Yellowtail roll- Unagi/eel roll- Sabagari: Mackerel roll w/ scallion & ginger- Ikura sushi- Tobiko sushi- plum paste w/ japanese yam (disclaimer: i think this is on1/2-priced)where else in the area can you can cram 12 pieces of ikura in your mouth for 12 bucks?!   there are also other tasty appetizers (i highly recommend taking a few min. to peruse their menu for appetizers...the menu's decently-sized).   7 OR MORE PEOPLE: you can get a room & get tanked on sake.  there are 2 sit-down style tables.   the only drawback is it takes 5 or 10 minutes for that guy in your party to stop blurting out "hey, we're eating JAPANESE STYLE!   we're eating JAPANESE STYLE!" after everyone's already taken their shoes off.what a maroon.   who invited that guy?   what is it - the first time he's eaten sushi or something?   he's the same guy that will scream "DO-MO-AREYYY-GATT-OO" on the way out as the owners wave back thinking "sucker...we already have your money moron...now get the hell out."anyway, the service is great, cool peeps in the place...and the downstairs is unexpected & exotic (when they don't rope it off like the germans -- "verboten!  this exhibit is CLOSED!")sake is also on the 1/2-priced menu but is a bit pricey to help pad that bill.    i referred to Typhoon's sake in my kurasushi review, where i mentioned your entire party could probably dine at kura for the price of sake at Typhoon.  But even the Typhoon house sake is delicious & well worth it ($20).HOLY FRIED CALAMARI ROLL!   i just saw chris rock on the Lifetime channel!  It's the one about the pimps /prostitutes in case you missed it (the gf's watching it in the background as I write my Typhoon opus).   Of course it was filmed early 80's so he played a pimp and I think just got arrested.  Boy I bet that director's patting himself on the back now - "I'm glad I chose the best role for him and really tapped into his full potential."  That director is an IDIOT (said jon heder-style)  - Chris is one of the funniest.   Anyway, I bet that director would eat at Typhoon Fri or Sat - not a good move so don't unless you're out, drunk and hungry - be like Chris Rock, be cool & eat at typhoon Mon-Thurs. -- that's when you get a 4-star and a good deal.Peace out.
<review# 2117,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2007,11/4/2007,175,410,17,13,21>Along the Hudson lies a park,Lovely both by day and dark.It's great for walking, biking, skating,Perfect for couples who've just started dating.There's benches and piers and grass to lay in,And different types of courts to play in.And when the sun sets o'er Jersey City,Even the state next door looks pretty.
<review# 2118,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/12/2007,11/3/2007,0,0,10,12,11>It was pretty...and pretty effing empty for happy hour. Ah, there is no happy hour, you see, and it's in a weird location, but still, it's a couple blocks from my office so I had to try it. I had a good Nero D'Avola. The prices, it seemed, were high for wine by the glass (with some glasses costing a third or half of what you can buy the entire bottle for down the street, which doesn't jive well with me), so maybe you're paying their interior decorator's bill, or for the incredible clientle and atmosphere, of which there were none...Maybe it'll catch on. Maybe I'll get the boss to buy next time. Until then, I'll stick with some of the other spots in Chelsea. I left and went to Barcibo Enoteca on the UWS and my evening immediately changed from drab to fab.
<review# 2119,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/9/2007,11/2/2007,411,7,58,23,22>I have a love-hate relationship.  Love:INA GARTEN and her fun catchphrases "How easy was that?"  "How bad could that be?" "My friend Miguel offered to set the table and I just know it's going to be GORGEOUS!" "Two tablespoons of GOOD vanilla extract." "I sent Jeffrey to the store to pick up (insert generic vegetable name), I hope he can handle it!" (For a more detailed review on Ina...http://www.yelp.com/user_details_review_­search?userid=UV9waKPxiEt5SAsx73s-Pg&q=barefoot+­contessa)GIADA DE LAURENTIIS with her gigantic head, ample cleavage, and her over-pronunciation of Italian foods, e.g. Spa-GAY-tee, Pan-CHAY-ta, etc.PAULA DEEN is just a heart attack waiting to happen.  I'm liking her less, as I feel like she's gone down the road of Food Network sell out.SANDRA LEE.  You thought Giada's chichis were about to pop out, check out Sandra Lee.  Quite possibly the most useless piece of programming on the net.  Yet, still fabulous. tvgasm.com/shows/food-ne…TYLER FLORENCE on Food 911, wow it's amazing how this guy can be so adorable, and such an asshole at the same time.  Love me some Food 911!DAVE LIEBERMAN and I are getting married.  End of story.Hate: (in ascending order of hatred)ALTON BROWN. People always tell me to watch his show, but he irritates me.BOBBY FLAY.  What's with the cocky attitude?  Why are you an iron chef?  Do you have a lisp?  It sounds like a lisp.EMERIL.RACHAEL RAY.  Quite possibly the most annoying person ever!  Her recipes and catchphrases are just awful.  I'd rather go be locked in a alcohol/cocaine-free room with Britney, Lindsay, and Paris! Oh and Anthony Bourdain, WTF?  Food Network's loss is Travel Channel's gain.
<review# 2120,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2007,11/1/2007,408,829,3,19,17>I'd brought a bunch of reading to the US Open, expecting to be bored.  I was soooo wrong.For several years I've tolerated my tennis-obsessed husband using up all our Tivo space. Glancing at the occasional shot on our dinky TV, I never did grasp tennis's appeal beyond the hypnotically rhythmic tap-tap-tap.  But this year's US Open was a revelation.  Because almost all the courts were general admission, it was surprisingly easy to grab seats courtside (or very close).   When you're actually there, with balls hissing past you at 130-140 mph, while Greek Gods are sprinting and sliding and sweating and jumping and slamming the ball with tremendous force -- It's awesome!   We bought $138 "Holiday Twilight" passes, which covered Sat, Sun, and Mon nights of Labor Day weekend (mostly 3rd and 4th round matches).  The passes gave us entry starting at 4pm to all the courts except Ashe, and reserved Ashe seats starting at 7pm - i.e. two Ashe matches each night.  We took in more than 24 hours of tennis in all, about $5.75 an hour.   My top three matches: 3.  Carlos Moya, at 31 the oldest player left in the US Open, won an epic, grueling 4-hour, 5-set match against Philip Kohlschreiber.  The players' sheer stamina was impressive.   The match was so suspenseful that even folks in the neighboring Armstrong court were pressed against the rail, trying to catch a peek.  My favorite moment? When we were courtside and Moya took his shirt off right in front of us. Pic: yelp.com/biz_photos/hU8t…2. This Latvian kid, Ernests Gulbis, came out of nowhere to destroy Tommy Robredo (the #8 guy in the world), with his 139mph serve and elegantly gentle drop shot. The grandstand crowd started sparse but got progressively bigger as spectators called and texted their friends, "You've got to see this kid."  The woman behind us even exclaimed, "I've just seen the future of tennis, and his name is Ernie!"   So cool to see a new talent arrive.  Plus he looked exactly like Michael Cera of Superbad and Arrested Development.  Endearing.1. Roger Federer played a beautiful match against Feliciano Lopez in the Round of 16.  Lopez, a lefty, was terrific and actually won the first set.  Federer won the second set 6-4 to tie the match, but Lopez was still playing extremely well.  In the first game of the third set, Federer was down 0-40.  My husband and all the other Federer fans around us were very tense indeed.  But then Federer turned it ON.  He won that game, and then, astonishingly, won the next 30 consecutive points on his serve. He was truly a joy to watch: so graceful yet powerful, and smart about his angles.   I saw him after twenty-something hours of watching other players work hard. But Federer, he glided around that court like he was from freakin Krypton.  David Foster Wallace does not exaggerate: nytimes.com/2006/08/20/s… Tips: - If you can't decide between matches in the Grandstand and Armstrong Stadiums, sit in the last row of Armstrong. You can keep an eye on both courts from there.- Check out the Practice Courts, because you never know who you'll see.  When we stopped by, Lopez was practicing for his Federer match. John McEnroe was also there, hitting balls with some kid. A couple dozen fans had gathered. When McEnroe's ball went out, the fans yelled "Out! Out!"  McEnroe obligingly threw a fake tantrum and tossed his racket.  Amusing.  My only complaints are that "USA! USA!" chants can get tiresome (yes, James Blake fans, I'm talking about you), and that Ashe Stadium is simply too big. You have to be some sort of corporate titan to get anywhere near the 1st or 2d levels (where zillions of corporate seats remained empty despite having been "sold out").   But we proles still had fun in the nosebleeds. It was rowdy, and we could appreciate the angles better from up high.
<review# 2121,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2005,12/13/2005,31,53,,1,2>Crosby is one of the less assuming streets in Soho, so the Housing Works used book store and cafe is easy to overlook, but you should make a point of finding it.  The former warehouse (classic tin front and all) now houses one of the best collections of used and rare books and one of the most pleasant cafes and performance venues in Manhattan.  Just inside the door, you exchange your bag for a claim tag with a famous writer's name on it and I swear the volunteer staff have serendipitous fingers: I almost always get a particular favorite.  First stop: the $1 racks.  The frequent treasures turn over quickly, so throw bookshelf or luggage space anxieties aside and buy the ones that leap into your arms posthaste.  The poetry and non-fiction live on the second floor balcony you can only get to by scaling one of the spiraling cast-iron exactly like the ones in old libraries peculiar recluses always have in Disney films.  The little tables on the balcony are my favorite place to read in the city, but hey're frequently occupied. For collectors and bibliophiles, the really rare items are behind glass at the front and behind the counter.  I can't look at the shelves behind the volunteer cashiers without a small sigh of regret for the $40 first edition condensed OED I passed up (the two volume set with that comes in a little shelf with a slot for the magnifying glass that's included!  I'm a fool.)  The cafe volunteers may need to ask for assistance (they're not professional baristas, after all), and if you want to be a coffee snob you'd best head elsewhere but you can get reasonable coffee and espresso drinks, a perfectly drinkable glass of table wine, or a simple pastry or dessert if you're feeling peckish before a poetry reading.  The high ceilings are more than a pleasant respite from city crowding, they also provide spectacular acoustics for occasional rock shows.  The best part by far?  It's a non-profit: all proceeds go to assist people living with AIDS in the city.
<review# 2122,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2005,12/11/2005,277,437,2,3,1>This SUPER market has it all!!! A great import section where you can get everything from 'MH Ball's Chutney' to real Heinz baked beans, like they serve them in Europe.  Great organic produce and natural foods section about two aisles and a freezer aisle yields pretty much everything you need...though I didn't find the vegan cheese....But if you like dairy cheese, this is the place to go - looks like they have tons of cheese - I think the meat section is equally as substantial (I averted my eyes, but I think I saw some bloody stumps hanging somewhere next to the cheese).  Huge parking lots, Fairway is located along the Westside Highway at 133rd Street (get off the 125th Street exit).  It's easy to access by car and the parking lot has a lovely view of the Hudson River.  Always a pleasure to come out of a great food shopping experience and walk out to your car parked along the Hudson River.  Worth the trip.  Shop during the day, this place gets jammed during after work hours.  They sell beer too!
<review# 2123,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2005,12/10/2005,4434,1199,7,3,2>Okay, I need to explain my star rating system since it is definitely not based upon the normal hotel review system.A bunch of friends were playing a rugby tournament in NY for the weekend and I stopped in to party/visit/sleep on the ground. Coincidently, a few other friends were staying in the same hotel. So, needless to say this must be a pretty cheap place to stay. The rooms are ghetto and small...but from other reviewers i guess this is the norm in NYC. I don't know where I'm going with this...Oh yeah, okay so I loved this place because yes, i knew practically everyone staying there (at least by the end of the night) and more importantly at 5 in the morning the lobby was basically the place to be. All tourists partying, drinking and eating pizza and conglomerating without any busybody security guards breaking up the fun. That is why I gave it five stars. God, I really forgot how to do these Yelp reviews...this is AWFUL! haha
<review# 2124,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2005,12/9/2005,298,196,,2,2>Don't joke about this place. Make it here. And you know why NYC has it so good. At a party the previous night I met some people from San Francisco talking about how this is where you get really fresh intersting stuff. No admission to get in. It's an active community for the designers, it an eye full for the shopper. I got an amazing white coat that was made as a DKNY sample. I was skimming at other things in the person set up area, and she just sized me up and pulled out a coat that makes me not fear the winter! And I got these fresh bracelets made of vinyl records with images screened on. I got a cuff that covers 1/2 my armband of a skater. And a Hasidic Jew. If only they could be one.
<review# 2125,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/11/2005,12/7/2005,23,102,2,3,1>The awning (photograph included) claims that Ben's is the most famous pizza in the world.That is very, very famous.I claim it doesn't deserve the distinction, because the pizza is only so so. Bland, average, every day pizza. Better than you would get in Des Moines, but come on: this is New York.
<review# 2126,isUSA=TRUE,1.0,6/13/2005,12/6/2005,32,143,1,2,1>Atrocious. The live music was loud and mediocre, the decor plain and dull, the food, amateurish and overly expensive for its quality, with too many heavy, goopy sauces and dressings. Pitchers of sangria were weak and full of ice, and, to top it off, the bathrooms were filthy, like a low-end club at 3am. Inexcuseable.
<review# 2127,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2005,12/5/2005,308,1102,3,3,3>The place to go for fries & a sandwich after a movie at AMC. Within walking distance from PABT, which works out well for us losers who had to schlep it back to NJ (last bus leaves at 1.30am!)
<review# 2128,isUSA=TRUE,2.0,11/28/2005,12/1/2005,278,574,1,5,2>Apparently, this place is owned by Nicole Kidman and it was a coup for my sister to get reservations here.  I'm not realy impressed by such things, and frankly, wasn't all that impressed with this place either.The food was good, but not excellent, and the prices were ridiculous.  I was a little insulted when they asked us to finish our wine in the lounge, when they hadn't even brought us our check yet.  Honestly, this place isn't good enough to be this obnoxious.Update:  as gourmet guru pointed out, this restaurant is actually owned by Jean-Georges Vongerichten, and Nicole Kidman is just a minor investor.  i think we should really let him start reviewing reviews, since he's already gotten every restaurant there is
<review# 2129,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/15/2005,11/29/2005,1095,3855,4,2,2>Tipped to be one of NYC's best restaurants, we were highly unimpressed with the service and the fuddy duddy atmosphere we were greeted with. When I visited with my friends (we were all female and all Asian) -- there were no other Asians in the restaurant and all the people were in their 60s to say the least. The only younger clientele were young women who were with their older companions at dinner. I had made reservations months ahead of time and had even asked a chef friend of mine who knew the Executive Chef Grey Kunz to make it for me. I had expected at least an effort in the service, but not only was it shoddy, but somehow we felt that maybe it was because we were young and Asian that we were treated in this manner. Still, we hoped that the menu would blow us away and make up for the introduction we've encountered so far. I opted for the tasting menu which included a sampling of the chef's signature dishes. Paired with wine, it was approximately $250/head. My friends ordered a la carte. The meal was indeed good, but not so sensational that it blew our minds. Now, mind you, my dining companions were all food writers or critics in their own right so they knew what they were talking about when it comes to food. We were all slightly perplexed by the hype surrounding this place and that even though the food was pretty good, and the prices extremely high, the service was so-so. Between our dinner and dessert, the waiter did not even "crumb-down" the table and it wasn't until AFTER my friends mentioned in Chinese that they didn't crumb down (one of the waiters was Asian) that he came over to do so. However, we had already finished our dessert and were having coffee at the time so it really killed the entire act of him 'crumbing down'. My portion of the bill came close to $300 (and then I had to tip on top of that). I knew that this meal was going to be expensive, but I had expected that the food and service would at least be proportionate to what I paid for it.
<review# 2130,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2005,11/28/2005,376,410,5,5,4>Came back for seconds.  Holy Basil is a hip, beautiful and very popular East Village Thai restaurant.  The curry dishes are amazing and authentic. I had the Talay Thai seafood curry. And although holy basil is a natural relaxant, you can also rely on their great martini's and singha to finish the job.  You will want to pick at your neighbors dish so practice "the hungry heron chopstick skills".  Bar tenders were great, allowing me to taste all their drinks and reminisce on my south east asian travels. Where else can you talk about both Blue Elephant in Laos and Bed in Bangkok?
<review# 2131,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2006,3/30/2006,44,405,,2,2>I can't comment on the nightclub aspect of Webster Hall, but I had a great time at the Silver Jews show there last week. When I met up with one of my male companions he asked me if the women's room was at all strange. I said that it was a little different, with shards of mirrors and some kind of asphalt or cement used to make a mosaic for the stall floors, the usual weirdo bathroom attendant with a table full of stuff that you would never need/want/look at unless you were lit, red lighting, etc, but nothing too shocking. Then he told me that the men's room attendant doubled as a dj! and that there were turntables and speakers amidst the bathroom attendant table wares. I give that the thumbs up. He also enjoyed having ice in the urinal.One of the bartenders was comically self-absorbed. He so excelled at his breezy, ignore Candice who really wants a drink game. After getting our first drink from another bartender, he was fine for the rest of the night and served us quickly and efficiently. I couldn't figure out what his deal was, b/c we waited roughly 10 minutes for our drinks from him before moving on to a different bartender. Anyway, I enjoyed the show and their coat check system is pretty industrious, dividing it up among different color-coded attendants so there's not one giant clusterfuck at the end of the night.
<review# 2132,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2006,3/29/2006,485,613,1,5,4>shabu shabu i love you.  with bubble tea on top.  probably one of my favorite shabu places in the city.  it's a really small place, probably fits no more than 20 people max.  Each table fits about 4 people, and it's big enough that each person can have their own individual shabu shabu.  That was definitely unique to me.  Now, I can bring my friends who don't eat meat, or those who don't like seafood, or those who like the soup really really spicy.  There are three types of Shabu you can pick. A la carte, Mini Shabu, and the Regular Shabu for 2. Standard Shabu fare at this restaurant includes a variety of vegetables - enoki mushrooms, fresh spinach, chinese cabbage, tofu, two different types of noodles - vermicelli and udon.  You can also pick from 5 different types of soup base - sake, dashi, beef, chicken, and house broth ( seafood and pork).The BF and I had the house broth with the seafood/beef combo.  It was delicious.  The best part of Shabu Shabu is definitely the soup at the end, and only if you have the right combo does it come out sweetly flavored and delicious!  You also get 4 different types of dipping sauces.  Talk about variety.  They also have a huge selection of sushi, we tried 4, all of which had creative names and were very fresh.  I was impressed.
<review# 2133,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2006,3/28/2006,37,22,3,1,2>I love this place. Hands down my favorite Italian joint in the neighborhood (EV).  The polpettone is KILLER: Spiced to perfection, it comes out in all its gigantic meatball glory in this rich tomato gravy (it has pancetta in it) that tastes like it's been stewed for hours and a potato gratin square baked with an amazing cheesy crust on top.  You can use a spoon to eat this meatloaf, and it falls apart in your mouth...LITERALLY.  The black spaghetti is also one of my all-time favorites.  The squid ink pasta is doused with a spicy, chunky tomato sauce (ok, my mouth is watering right now) and a generous helping of calamari.  Everything else I've tried on the menu has also been awesome (risotto, lasagne, eggplant, beet salad, portobello, roasted garlic bread). So what if the tables are ridiculously cramped, the service slow, and the wait horrendous?  The food is amazing, the wine's affordable, and I want to marry Frank.  Too bad he's already taken.(Cash only)
<review# 2134,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2006,3/27/2006,35,75,2,8,2>After a long and thorough sift through NYC's many tattoo parlors, I finally found what I was looking for at Inkstop. I went in here one day, despite it's janky appearance, and was amazed by the work I saw in one artist's book...crazy stonework shading. The artist in question was not there that day but when I came back to meet him and we realized we'd both skated at Derby Park in Santa Cruz, CA(of all places) it was ON! While the place itself might not be much to look at, Regino slangs ink with the best of 'em! His work is superb...an expert on shading, color-work and comedy. All of these traits are extremely important when you're gonna spend 10+hrs in a chair putting on a hand-drawn half-sleeve. Throughout my sessions here I got to know Regino better and found him to be a real stand-up guy who cares about his work and his customer's satisfaction. They always have a mix of punk, thrash, and hip-hop bumping on the system and the jokes just flow endlessly. Ben, another artist there is also great with the needles and  has a kick-to-the-ribs comedic attitude. Regino gave me great prices and gave me a 2hr session for free once when I brought him some tequila back from Mexico...guess I plucked a heart string? This place is fantastic all around. They don't have to look pretty or charge ridiculous amounts, like NY Adorned, to be a considered one of the best shops in NYC, turning out some of the best work in the world.-Lush LifePS As much as I like to drinK I would strangely, make that strongly, recommend abstaining before getting tatted...afterward it really helps to take the burn away though...Arrrre!
<review# 2135,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2006,3/26/2006,127,100,7,7,4>Giiiiiiirrrll, you betta work!Yes. Exactly. I think Ru-Paul was singing about J- Sisters when he went diva on this jam in the 90's. J-Sisters are FAMOUS for bringing the Brazilian wax to the USA and single handedly putting smiles on the faces of boyfriends up and down the island of Manhattan. These 7 Brazilian sisters have taken over 5 stories of a townhouse on 57th Street to bring waxing, threading, tinting, coloring, cuts, mani- pedi's, and pretty much any other treatment you can think of to NYC (and Miami also). Be ready to pay much dinero because the same little tough Brazilian lady who's slathering on the wax probably did it to Naomi, Tyra, Cindy, or Heidi just before you. They literally have seen one and seen them all. When I go here - I know everything will be done right and the price is worth it to ease my fears. Beware of Thursdays during the summer( the Hamptons pre weekend crowd) and the fact that they are closed on Mondays. Oh, and they also have a full service spa for men too ( including the songa...the male counterpart of the Brazilian wax!) Be ready to grin and BARE it!
<review# 2136,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/23/2006,3/25/2006,200,301,3,2,3>ha....haha....ha....ohhhhhh Bar None.  Dude--this was the hott spot back in the days. And by back in the days, I mean when I was 19 like everyone else who goes there.  I can't hate too much because I do have many a fond memories of  the place and it's always a clutch place to get your dance on (minus that time the 19 yr old DJ played Mambo #5 and I walked out), plus the drinks are affordable and there's always some crazy drink special (I'm not counting the shot girls that walk around with awful jello shots or the random-ass fish bowls).  For example, their weirdo "Happy Hour" from 10-11?? Mmm? I'm not complaining! But I also don't see myself being a Spring Chicken and hanging out at Bar None before the hours of "completely wasted o'clock" in the evening.  Furthermore, it always perplexes me why there's a $5 cover charge from Thurs. to Saturday.  Unnecessary.  I've always said that perhaps, we should face facts, make it an "all-ages" bar charge those 21 and under the $5 and all the faux and/or real drinkers will get in free.  Hmmm.  But I have love for my um, youngsters if you will so scratch that. Times are tough.  And AS for the bathrooms. Whew. Always an "adventure." Usually, I get my hand-stamped and go outside one block south to Nevada Smiths (not like they have 5* glamorous loos but hey!) and come back.  My girls and I did do the stop in the other night, just for 'icks and 'shiggles (we tricked the bouncer to let us pay $5 for all of us) and it was sadly pretty dead.  I genuinely hope that, that doesn't mean what it usually means.  I'm sure the summer imports will take care of the un-crowded ness mighty soon however and business will soar once again.  But seriously, velvet stantions and a line?!?!?! I mainly just shake my head when I walk by.  But make sure if you are "walking by" on a "peak" day to get ready to "bob and weave" through all the craaaazy drunksters lost outside, picking fights, or just being drunk--and remember to peek in the dark corners outside b/c there's usually a guaranteed person on The Third Avenue either passed out or in drunken hysterics on a cell phone.  It makes for (I'm a horrible person) a good chuckle.
<review# 2137,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2006,3/24/2006,43,112,3,3,3>Very swanky, surprisingly well-aged (they've been around for 10 years or so), the plush couches are perfect for getting comfy with friends. Plenty of people-watching, and as the name implies, these guys know their champagne. Not inexpensive, but get some Wall Street banker types to take you and you're all set.
<review# 2138,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2006,3/23/2006,349,906,,4,2>I worked just across the street when I worked in NYC and there wasn't a week that'd go by that I wasn't in there at least 3-4 times.  While everything was conveniently located you could still spend all your time in their enjoying the beautiful range of flowers to the breads smelling fresh to the taste of the deep and dark chocolate of Fat Witch brownie.Hale & hearty Soups is the absolute best reason to go here though, no soup nazis are they! You can sample everything and they seem happy though overwhelmed to give you a taste.  Everything you could possibly need to enjoy a meal can be found right here.
<review# 2139,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2006,3/22/2006,2,0,5,2,1>The look and feel of this place are something special, and thankfully the coffee and food measure up as well.  I won't get into too many details, suffice to say that one chilly January morn, my tequila-beaten soul was revived by a technically supereor coffee and an egg sandwich that was clearly designed by someone who understands the importance of cheese in striking back against the tyranny of a NYC hangover ( and yes, I do think cities develop their own styles of hangovers and New York's most recent contribution to this study was...spectacular).Ed the barista is cool too.
<review# 2140,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2006,3/21/2006,44,413,2,4,3>great place to get some viet coffee on the go!  the sandwich is good, but i could use a lil more meat...still authentic nonetheless...they also have this sticky dough wrapped in banana leaves with a slice of vietnamese ham turkey meat that i havent seen anywhere in ny, which makes  a great snack by the way...i would recommend warming it up and dipping it in some soy sauce-VELICIMO! the next time i come here im gonna have to try the sugar cane drink...mmm....
<review# 2141,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2008,11/3/2008,34,60,19,14,17>Soooo, I'm thinking about writing a book about my dining experience at Per Se. It will be titled "101 Ways to Describe Per(Se)fection." I was truly blown away. I found myself complimenting every single aspect of my meal there--the food, the service, the ambiance, the presentation and the little things they do to make you feel special. Everything was absolutely perfect. Calling the food "Delicious" felt like an understatement. "Nice" would have been such a plain description. McDonald's can be described as nice and to call Per Se the same would just be downright offensive. To describe the food with such mediocre terms, I would be a disgrace to fellow Foodies the world over.So back to the book, it'll be formatted with one word per page. It will and should be brought to Per Se for a meal. As every course is brought out, the reader/diner will open the book to a random page and the word will accurately describe their dish. Think like "The Book of Answers" except adjectives to describe your experience.So far there are 15 words -- Perfect. Execellent. Phenomenal. Astounding. Amazing. Awesome. Divine. Incredible. Outstanding. Terrific. Fantastic. Wonderful. Fabulous. Superb. Heavenly. Of course there'll be slang words! Tight. Legit. Money. Legal. ill. Shiznit (ie. This Salmon with Creme Fraiche amuse bouche is the shiznit!)I'm still taking submissions for words. After all the words there'll be mini chapters such as..1) "If you ask nicely, they will give it to you" to describe the service and how much they go out of their way to please you (ie. asking for a second helping of amuse bouches and a second round of chocolate)2) "if you tell them that you're there for a special occasion, they print personalized menus for you and your dining party." Another important chapter will be dedicated to the difference between spring and fall flavors. With the Fall flavors being all about truffles, risotto, heavier sauces and meats and the Spring being lighter with a lot of fish and poultry. (Though of course this definitely could change as Per Se's menu changes daily, to be covered in the chapter called "It's different every time.")I haven't yet decided if there'll be a section for medicore words like Nice, Delicious and Good. I might put it in for the people that were unimpressed by the food. If this chapter will be in my book though, it'll be all the way in the back as the spotlight of the book is how truly amazing Per Se is. All book proceeds will go to my Per Se dining fund.Thank you.
<review# 2142,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2008,11/2/2008,107,62,22,18,18>One day walking down the street with my wife I saw a flash of light. I was struck confused for a moment, everything waswashed out, very white. All I could make out was a sign that said: "Yonah Schimmel's Knishes Bakery", and I understood that this was a glimpse of the afterlife or heaven. I walked inside and purchased a Knish, needing to know that after all was said and done that there would still be good food whereever I end up. I took bite after bite and slowly a tear started to fall down my cheek. The God of potatoes had shown me potato perfection. I looked up, smiled and mouthed "thank you". After finishing the knish, I sat on a bench catching my breath as the world slowly came back into focus. I turned to to my wife and said:"I have seen the light"
<review# 2143,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2007,10/31/2008,70,88,7,13,14>I had been clothes shopping for 3 hours on Saturday with no success.  Walking down Broadway dejected, my eye caught a familiar name.  I had no idea they opened a CB2 in New York!I love their Chicago locations, and I've ordered from them online before so I traipsed on in and decided to redo my entire apartment.  I was having this whirlwind of ideas.Everyone was really friendly.  There was one cute sales guy who asked if I needed help, but I didn't yet.  When I did, I couldn't find him, so I had to settle for someone else.  Don't tell him he was my second choice.Anyway, this place is cheaper than Crate and Barrel and also a bit more trendy.  Everything here is my style, which you may not know based on my apartment, which is 9 square feet and furnished on an IKEA budget (meaning "with stuff from IKEA") but that's all changing.I pointed to stuff, and said "I want one of those and three of those" and the little man would run in back and pile them behind the register for me.  I was on such a power trip, and I think I was kinda condescending to him, but it was part of my game.  I got shelves and a throw and Christmas decorations.I also decided to redo my bathroom, repaint a wall (from red to orange) and possibly trash my kitchen table, so I'll be coming back this weekend.You can do amazing things here on a budget.  PLUS, $15 home delivery in Manhattan, which I know is standard in New York furniture stores, but it's still a novelty to me as a native outlander.
<review# 2144,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2008,10/30/2008,4,16,12,12,14>While my boyfriend can "die in peace" now that he has eaten at DiFara's, I do not share his sentiment...as I hope to live long enough to return to Midwood for some more.After eating a late lunch and packing emergency snacks in case we got hungry while waiting online, there was no wait to speak of. We walked in and ordered a half porcini-mushroom cheese pie.  The next twenty minutes were spent watching Mr. Demarco meticulously prepare our pizza from the initial sprinkling of the cheese to its final christening with olive oil Now, I have to admit that after eating my first piece, I began to doubt Di Fara's reputation -- having spent a week last year in Italy eating pizza almost everyday for lunch as well as taking a local pilgrimage to Grimaldi's, my pizza standards were pretty high.   It was definitely good, but not the level of awesomeness i was expecting.Meanwhile, my boyfriend sat across the table in pure pizza ecstasy. Was my palate off? Were my standards unreasonable?  I reached for second piece and suddenly my doubt was erased and I joined my boyfriend in pizza heaven.How could two slices of the same pizza taste so vastly different?  In my eyes, Mr. DeMarco is the Jackson Pollack of pizza. Some areas of his canvas get pools of olive oil, some get a sprinkle. Some get  an extra slice basil, while others are left wanting more.  While I am firm believer that you can never have too much olive oil, cheese or basil..... I would happily risk getting a four-star slice at DiFara's if it is followed by a heavenly six star
<review# 2145,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/18/2008,10/29/2008,2,19,8,9,7>I'm afraid I'm going to have to dump a bit on Dempsey's, in spite of the love fest that precedes me.  I'll start with a few brief remarks on the food and drink, and then comment on the Friday evening scene a bit.The menu is fairly decent with a fair array of pub fare.  The prices are also pretty reasonable, so these are good things.  I ordered the quesadillas, mentioned by some below.  The good part of the quesadillas is that the portion is pretty generous.  Most places give you just one tortilla filled with cheese and other items.  Dempsey's, however, provides two and it's under ten dollars.  The quesadillas also come with three additional toppings to work with:  guacamole, pico, and some sauce.  All in all, this is actually a decent offering as either a large appetizer that you might split, or as a meal itself.  On the downside, I felt like the flavor was a little lacking.  Not bad, just not there at all.That sort of typifies the menu in general, in my opinion.  As a general proposition, "pub grub" and "unexciting" food sort of go hand in hand and that's not necessarily the worst thing in the world.  Perhaps this is a little unfair, but I tend to expect slightly above average food from Irish pubs as compared to typical bar food offerings.  I'm not sure why, perhaps it's because a number of Irish pubs have a slightly more restaurant feel to them and the kitchen offerings are accordingly a slight step up.  Dempsey's, I think, is fairly typical bar food and perhaps a step below what you can get at some other Irish pubs.The beer offerings are solid, if standard, Irish pub fare.  I like something a little lighter and crisper when I'm eating stuff like quesadillas, so it was Harp for me the other night.  But they have the usual array of Guinness (of course), Smithwick's, a few required crappy American macros, and a couple others to round out the taps.  So that's fine.  The bartenders were pleasant and friendly, if a little slow on the uptake when it came to keeping my tipple topped off.On food and drink alone, Dempsey's is a perfectly good, if mostly unremarkable bar.  A good place to go on any given evening (or afternoon if you're ducking out of work or class) and the prices aren't unreasonable so it'll be a bit easier on your wallet than many East Village options (save perhaps, Cheap Shots, if that's your sort of thing).Returning to the crowd, and one reason that I'm knocking it a bit, owes less to Dempsey's itself and more to the "scene," such as there is.  I was prepared to weep for humanity after watching the tragicomedy of human interaction taking place.  A curious mix of obnoxious students, fratty 20-somethings, and prowling cougars populates Dempsey's on busy evenings.  The intoxicated woman in her mid 30s sitting next to me was being physically compelled by her married friend to kiss the bartender, even though she didn't want to, which I thought might actually happen for a minute (the married woman did the honors herself an hour or two later). Interpersonal drama ensues.  The former was also loudly encouraged by the guys sitting on my right to "show your tits."  I actually thought this might happen as well; not quite.  Girls Gone Wild: The Later Years.A couple of the guys were law students, which explains their clever offers of pro bono work.  Get it?  Pro bono?  A lousy pun that wasn't funny the first time got played out in several variations over the course of about five minutes.  I wanted to puncture my eardrums with a pen:  it would have been less painful.  Perhaps this experience also helps to explain a recent article suggesting that lawyers no longer hold the social esteem or class once conferred by their profession.  Although anyone who has spent significant time interacting with law students won't be surprised: we've known this for years.This sort of thing might actually be desirable to some.  Perhaps you read my description and think "that sounds awesome" and in that case, I suppose you can just upgrade my rating to four stars and plan accordingly.  Realistically, I don't actually mind going to Dempsey's from time to time, but the busy evenings are, well, ridiculous.  And maybe that's not so bad sometimes either.
<review# 2146,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2008,10/28/2008,485,350,25,20,20>This review is based 90% on the burger. I know. Get over it.THE QUEST FOR BURGACIOUSNESS**: CHAPTER 7GENESIS: 1.77. And on the thirteenth DAYYYYYYyyyyYYY (no, the LAWWWD is not superstitious, you DoWarK) .... the LAWWD was checking out NYU coeds when he created... COZY SOUP & BURGER ("burguesa," for you international types).  He was feeling rather "cozy" that day, and besides, sometimes a cup of soup is just what's needed on a cold, winter day... BUT THIS WAS JUNE (days go by so fast when the LAWWWD is creating stuff, no?... but I digress).The LAWWD tasted what's known as the "Reuben Burger" (of his own invention, of course); that it tasted good. DAYUM good, in fact, as to be considered completely BURGACIOUS*.  And it was morning, and it was evening on that burgacious* thirteenth day.When I lived in Boston, there was this place in Harvard Square called "Mr. Bartley's Burger Cottage," which I just found out is still in existence. All the burgers at Mr. Bartley's were PRETTY DANG BURGACIOUS*, but there was one in particular that was, in my view, a cut above the rest: the Reuben Burger.  It was a fairly simple if not completely intuitive combination; a burguesa of the burgacious variety, combined with swiss cheese, russian dressing and, of all things, sauerkraut. Sounds weird, I know, but IT IS SERIOUSLY TASTY.  I was  "hipped" to this here burger by a friend of mine during my tenure at the famed Coffee Connection, also in Harvard Square. One late night, while doing the grind in the "saliva pits," (as we lovingly referred to the dishwashing machine at CC), I took a break in the office and my friend offered me a bite of his Reuben burger, which I accepted and...AHhhhhhhH HAAAAAAAAAaaaaaaaHHHH (angels signing)Tweet tweet, chirp chirp (birds tweeting/chirping)I was summarily BLINDED by shafts of light, whereupon (now, I can't be completely sure of this but...) the LAWWWWWD spoke to me and said, "Yes, my son, that is a VERY SPECIAL BURGUESA YOU HAVE YOUR MITTS ON!"He was right. It was... special (and not that "short bus" kind of special).  From then on, I was completely hooked on the Reuben Burger (or Burguesa de Reuben for you international types).I searched every restaurant in NY looking for a comparable burger, but I was unable to do so. Most places that serve burgers do not carry sauerkraut, so it was IMPOSSIBLE to have even a rough semblence of this burgalicious delicacy.Enter Cozy Soup & Burger. YES.Me: Um. Do you have... SAUERKRAUT?Waiter: YesMe (once I got over the shock): Do you have... RUSSIAN DRESSING?!?Waiter: YesMe: Now... work with me here... can you give me a swiss cheeseburger with sauerkraut on it and russian dressing?Waiter: Sure, no problem!Me: *THUD* (fainting... it was all a little too much for my delicate constitution to handle all the excitement)Well, the ensuing burger experience was first rate. The burger was:1. Juicy2. Tender3. Fresh4. Tasty5. Did I mention juicy?6. See numbers 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5 above.7. Delicious8. Delectible9. Delightful and yes,10. Burgacious*I washed it all down with a sugary beverage of the Coca Cola variety.  AND THE LAWWWD SAID: "Thou shalt not underestimate the power of a SUGARY BEVERAGE."  That was actually commandment number 11 (a much overlooked commandment).Here are some more commandments:12. GO to Cozy Soup & Burger13. ORDER a Reuben Burger (not by name, but by ingredient)14. EAT THAT BURGACIOUS* BURGER, experience the BURGACIOUSNESS** and wash it down with SUGARY BEVERAGE (heretofore referenced in Commandment 11).*burgacious: (pron: ber-gay-shus) adjective: 1. An audacious burger. 2. A burg of the gods. 3. Ambrosia, in burger form. 4. Don't ask stupid questions.  5. Accept it and move on. 6.  I'm serious.  7. Again. 8. AND AGAIN.**burgaciousness (pron: ber-gay-shus-ness) noun (from adj): 1. The state of being burgacious. 2. Don't ask, just get on down to Cozy. 3 Eat. 4. Enjoy. 5. Thank the LAAAWWD for being awake the day he invented that burger (he was a little tuckered from all those other magical burgacious* inventions.
<review# 2147,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2008,10/27/2008,349,349,52,50,54>Over the years, I have begun to see the value of specialization over well-roundedness.  Take the case of Levain, the small downstairs bakery in a classic UWS block.  You might say that Levain has a wide range of products.  Baguettes, loaves of bread, sandwiches and even pizzas.  And pastry products, including brioches, scones and muffins.  However, they are best known for their specialization in cookies.  Well-rounded, almost hemispherical creations that are fashionably out of shape and inconsistent in their appearance.The cookies come in four flavors, with the chocolate chip walnut likely being the most popular.  Other flavors include dark chocolate chip and dark chocolate peanut butter.  I prefer the oatmeal raisin cookie.  This jumbo cookie is loaded with plump raisins and is crispy on the outside while being extremely soft in the center.  The dark chocolate ones have an overpowering taste of chocolate.  Each cookie tips the scales at an impressive half a pound (sic) and is priced at $3.75.You can smell Levain''s cookies from fifty feet away and, if you are not sold on their aroma, you will fall for their buttery richness.  A couple of cautionary notes.  Make sure your cookie is fresh and not cold.  And remember not to expect any seating except a bench on the sidewalk, right outside Levain.                          ,   '                    ,  '       '                                        1: cookie monster A              ,   '       | 3 '                                                ,  '     2        ,   '   '  '  '  ,' '                         2: cookie monster B   ,  '      |        ,  '            ,  '    ' '                '     1       ,  '            ,  '          ' '                        3: me'        ,  '             ,  '  ' '           ' ''  ,  '             ,  ''  '   '   '   '   '' '             ' '' '             ' 'On my most recent visit though, two large-sized individuals squeezed me out of the bench.  They must "specialize" in consuming Levain's creations.  But then they appeared to be quite "well-rounded".  I left, cookie in hand, for Central Park.
<review# 2148,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2008,10/26/2008,107,154,34,32,32>If I can think of one grievance against Gramercy Tavern, it would be that throughout the dinner, my date was fawning more over the restaurant than over me. And despite my (unwarranted) large ego and jealousy to match a particular god of the Old Testament, I have forgiven my date for such a grave offense. Because, all jokes aside, Gramercy Tavern not only matched our high expectations, it exceeded them in its perfect execution and flawless delivery of all aspects of the dining experience.As with Jean Georges and Nougatine, Gramercy Tavern offers two dining experiences-- the tavern and the dining room. Each has its own space, unique decor, individualized menu, and a different price tag. Closer to the entrance of the restaurant and encompassing the bar, the tavern is the more casual side of the restaurant. Decorated with colorful contemporary paintings of fruits and vegetables, the tavern is charmingly lively and fun. Although the date and I only stayed at the tavern for drinks, I actually much more enjoyed the atmosphere here than in the dining room.The cocktails that we had at the bar were absolutely superb. I ordered the Orange Blossom (sparkling wine, elderflower, orange bitters) and the date got Peach Basil Fizz (bourbon, peaches, basil, soda), but ended up switching drinks with the date partly because I ended up enjoying his drink more and partly because I kept teasing him of how masculine he looked with a champagne flute. For both drinks, they were subtle and delicious. The date also later got the Tradewind (rum, cucumber, ginger, lime) which was spicy and refreshing.With dimmer lights and a quieter crowd, the dining room is the elegant and intimate counterweight to the lively and casual tavern. The charming grace of the dining room is derived from its subtlety. Unlike the other famed colonial themed restaurant, One if By Land Two if By Sea, Gramercy Tavern doesn't capitalize on the antique decorations to a point of garishness. Rather, the restaurant decor is a tasteful balance of modern and colonial that serves as a visual representation of the restaurant's culinary philosophy.Simply stated, the dinner was absolutely amazing.Since both the date and I preferred the larger selection of options form the dinner menu than the tasting menus, we ended up getting the $82 dinner menus rather than the season tasting menu or the vegetarian tasting menu. For the first course, I ordered the veal cappelletti, and the date ordered the black tagliatelle. For the main course, I ordered the smoked lobster while my companion got the rack of pork and braised belly.With all the dishes, I was floored by how meticulously thought out and exquisitely prepared everything was. Though gracefully subtle, the flavors were by no means lacking. Each ingredient played off another so well to bring out the most in its flavor and texture. As for my veal cappelletti, the veal was so tender, I'd describe it as being soft as velvet. The pasta was cooked al dente and the sauce was light and really brought out the flavors of the veal. The lobster entree was, without any competition, the best lobster I've ever had. Tack on any appetizing adjective applicable to a crustacean dish, because the lobster here really was perfect.And the desserts! *swoon* I ordered the Grand Marnier Mascarpone Cheesecake (Gentlemen, let's get serious. Mascarpone cheesecake is a fail proof dessert on it's own, but if you add Grand Marnier into the mix, the end result is what I'd call [if I may be so lewd] the panty-dropper of sweets. Learn to make it.) while my date got the chocolate bread pudding. The cheesecake was phenomenal (soft, sweet, flavorful), and I really loved the brittle with which it came (crispy, crunchy, lasting caramelized sugar taste that reminds me of the white grandmother I imagined having). The only thing not orgasmic was the lemon-raspberry sorbet, which was just fine. I've never been a big fan of bread pudding so I didn't steal my date's food as I've been shamelessly doing all night (all in the name of research, I swear!), but the ice cream that came along was absolutely divine.Throughout the night, the service was impeccable. The servers were not only polite, knowledgeable, helpful, but they were also very well versed in the art of short polite conversations armed with rapid wit.Of course, not everything was perfect. The upholstery looks like those of a dentist from the 1990s. And I also found an eyelash in my dessert. But since I did get another dish with apologies, and since the ordeal was handled with commendable courtesy, I can't find much else to complain. Gramercy Tavern absolutely delivered.And seriously speaking, I can't be mad at my date. I mean, shoot, I'm fawning more over Gramercy Tavern than over him. Hell, I'm so in love with this place, if I ever make those silly "5 people I'm allowed to sleep with" list, I'm adding Gramercy Tavern onto the it. Right after Eric Bana.
<review# 2149,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2008,10/25/2008,103,248,3,12,7>All of the falafels (Handbag Sandwiches) are great. And organic.My rankings (they're all pretty close and a matter of personal prefs/mood):1. Mediterranean (sundried tomato spread, crispy eggplant, parmesan, greens) - $8.752. Parisian (sundried tomato spread, goat cheese, roasted peppers, garden greens, red onions) - $9.753. Athenian (herbed yogurt, greek salad, green onions) - $9.754. Crisp (hummus, cubed salad, pickles) - $6.755. Mexican (cilantro pesto, avocado, corn, salsa, nachos, jalapeno dressing) - $7.75(?)6. Milan (pesto, roasted peppers, greens, feta cheese) - $9.75Owner noticed I'm here all the time and told me they plan to come out with loyalty cards next week. Spend $100 and get an extra $10. I'm already the Crisp Ambassador, having brought Falafel Fridays to my office.
<review# 2150,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2008,10/23/2008,287,215,18,20,18>The boys are still getting their act together, so I'm reserving White Star's fifth star for my next visit -- really just as an excuse to come back in the near future.Anyone even vaguely familiar with my reviews knows that I go gaga for great cocktails in chill environments, especially those run by asha-Say etraske-Pay (see, I know how to be all secret and cool, too).  You'd be justified in questioning my objectivity, especially as I've developed a certain soft spot a barkeep, whose Irish accent, humor and charm (and undeniable skill behind the bar) make my heart...and occasionally liver...go all pitter-patter.As others have said, the name of the game here is simplicity, and the concept works well in its execution.  My only suggestion is that a menu listing available spirits might be helpful -- that way, people know their options and what can / can't be ordered.  This may be part of the bigger plans, which also include expansion into the neighboring property.In closing, White Star's worth the trip if only to enhance your absinthe education, surrounded by a beautiful bar ambiance and friendly folks who appreciate spirited evenings.P.S.  Obviously just joking about having a soft spot for the barkeep.  Reminder that this is a Mrs., people!P.P.S.  Unless he's interested in running away together.  Who you callin' Mrs?!
<review# 2151,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2014,5/14/2014,1356,271,10,18,17>My dad used to sing a song to me when I was a little girl. Supposedly, it's from WWI. Man, my dad is old. Anyways, it went "How do you take 'em back to the farm after they've seen Paris..." That is a perfect way to describe my experience here. How am I supposed to eat anywhere else after I've had the deliciousness that is Aurora? We started with wine, because... of course. The first bottle was from a vineyard in Tuscany that Aurora has a special arrangement with. They only produce 1500 bottles of this wine per year, and we had one of 'em. Talk about making a girl feel special! Then, when we finished that bottle we had the wine that Julia Roberts liked so much, that she agreed to endorse it for free in the movie Eat, Pray, Love. That bottle was even better than the first. Yum!We started with the artichoke appetizer special. OMG the artichoke special. It was flavorful and tender. It is the monster under my bed that causes dreams about it every night since trying it. And I'm not even a huge fan of artichokes!I arrived at the restaurant a few minutes early, so I sat at the bar and mingled with the other patrons, secretly pressing them for information on what to order. Lo and behold, I managed to find an off-duty food critic sitting at the bar. What luck! She suggested the Purple Haze (see my pictures) and the Paccheri alla Norma. Thanks to her for both. The Purple Haze beverage had a really fresh flavor to it. I'm always concerned that colorful drinks will be too syrupy. The Paccheri alla Norma was another winner. Many Italian restaurants rely on the deliciousness of cheese to win you over on a mediocre dish. Here at Aurora, the cheese was really secondary, and the chef allowed the eggplant and tomato to be the focus of the dish. Highly recommend. We stayed here for hours and I don't regret any minute of it. A little bit hidden away and hard to find, but it makes you feel like you've discovered a secret place all your own. It is the Paris of Italian restaurants. This makes no sense at all, and yet it does. It so does.
<review# 2152,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2014,5/13/2014,82,334,5,13,9>Troy Liquor Bar is the old 675 space in Meatpacking, under Bill's Burger Bar at 13th and Hudson. The space is cavernous, with a nicely sized lounge area with bar, banquettes, and a pool table on one end.   I came the second day they were open, as they had a two hour open bar on specialty cocktails. Um, yes. Around the perimeter there are lots of little semi private alcoves with TVs, so this seems like a great place to come chill with a small group of friends. The music is more rock themed, since they are trying to get rid of the clubby atmosphere from before.Not sure if it's a place to come during nice weather because it's underground, but if the weather is hot, cold, rainy, or otherwise inclement, this is a great place to spend a  evening. I had the Tall Cool One (sweet tea bourbon, lemon) which was tartly sweet, and the Thunder Road (rye, lemon, six point) which was boozy and served with pretzels as a garnish! My bartender Rella was super nice. Specialty cocktails are $12 each (a steal for this nabe), beers $7/8 for draft and $5-8 for bottles and cans. A glass of wine will set you back anywhere from $9-12.
<review# 2153,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2014,5/12/2014,300,235,7,18,13>We've been meaning to try out this place, since my sister has been raving how great the original location in Queens was. We finally made way on a Friday night, the wait was not too bad, we waited about 10-15mins for a table of 3.I'm not sure of all the dishes we ordered by their Greek names, since we had a actual Greek person w/us, we let him order :]-Veggie Chips w/Taziki Dip - this was yummy, their Taziki dip was very refreshing. You can taste the freshness.-Octopus - this is  EVERTHING! So good. The octopus is so soft, not chewy at all! Our Greek friend told us the process to make this since his parents make it as well. The balsamic and olive oil they used goes very well w/the octopus. This is a MUST!-Lemon Potatoes - This was good, but nothing amazing. If you love potatoes, order it. -Greek Salad - I learned that a REAL Greek salad never has lettuce in it. This salad definitely does not have any leaves in it. Chunks of fresh tomatoes, blocks of fetas, olives, cucumbers and a little bit of olive oil, so simple yet so delicious! Definitely a  MUST! I can see this being very refreshing on a Summer's day.-Red Snapper - we ordered this w/out the bones. It was prepared perfectly. Not too fishy, great w/the side of lemon potatoes. Our waiter was somewhat amazing. We ordered everything in Greek, he repeated it back in Greek and he didnt even write anything down! However, he got everything right! He didn't miss anything!! Pretty amazing. Overall, this is a great place for a nice healthier dinner. Dont forget the free dessert! It's tasty, kinda like a bread pudding w/pastry on it. Very delicious! On the house, I can't be mad at that.
<review# 2154,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2014,5/11/2014,559,1415,11,13,10>If it smells good and tastes delicious, what more do you need?  That was the advice handed to me by my grandfather on a cross-stitched sampler handed down from his grandfather from the old country.  Weird how they spoke English in Austria, but I digress...Prepare for sensory assault because when you walk in, you're enveloped in a cloud of maple-bacony goodness.    This is one time I didn't mind my clothes smelling like the food!   My friends and I ate here and we loved everything.    It seems like it's always crowded but tables turn okay so sit at the bar, have a few drinks and wait.  It's worth it.We naturally got the bacon flight and all flavors were delicious, but I liked the jalapeno best.  Maple was a close second.  Two friends had the grilled cheese, which they devoured with smiles.  I had the Caesar salad which was probably the best I've ever had.  I absolutely loved it.   Another friend went straight to dessert and got three slabs of bacon dipped in chocolate with a side of ice cream.  Yeah, there's nothing awful about that folks!  Not only was the food great, our server Lindsay was beyond amazing.  Her enthusiasm was only eclipsed by her knowledge of the menu.  Try to get her section if you go, because she is a delight.On the negative side, beers are outrageously expensive, in my opinion.  Drinks seem to be priced okay but they seem smaller than other places.  Beer list is okay and my ginger smash was tasty. It's quite dangerous for me that this place is only two blocks from my home.  So much for reducing my cholesterol this year!
<review# 2155,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2014,5/10/2014,279,84,18,22,20>Johnny's is the spot!!They have the best fried seafood accompanied by the best french fries. The fries can be a bit soggy sometimes but the combination works IMO. Driving down towards the very end of City Island is one of those, 'you must try this' experiences.  After your visit to Johnny's you'll be craving their fresh fast food seafood each fortnight. When I go to Johnny's I always get the soft shell crabs and for $11.00 it's a bargain. You get 3-4 crabs and a ton of fries and the obligatory small serving of cole slaw. When it comes to the soft shells I always forget to split my order with whoever I'm with, 'cause I conveniently neglect remembering how much food they give you and by almost the end of my meal I'm asking, 'why didn't I share?' So I end up sharing the remaining sum with the seagulls...it's a tradition that most people do with their leftovers. The seagulls seem to enjoy it...hope I'm not contributing to hurting them. Anyways, I digress. In case there are non-seafood lovers in your group aside from my soft shells, there's a variety of other seafoods plus burgers and ribs and stuff to be ordered. The bottom line is, after you've made your pilgrimage out to CI and checked all the other restaurants, come check out Johnny's it's one of those Bronx institutions that must be visited at least once. Food - 5Price - 3Indoor Seating - 3Outdoor Seating - 5Water View - Priceless
