<review# 1,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2010,3/4/2011,838,696,7,7,7>Incredible beer selection! When you count the total number of beers available, on draft and in the bottle/can, they beat any other place in town, hands down. Totally impressive. They offer darts, and pool, which is great. All the seating is at picnic tables. They offer bar snacks, yum! I'd give it five stars, but they pour the draft beer in plastic cups. Come on! Invest in some pint glasses! It's a shame not to have a beer glass to pour these fabulous beers into. Some beers weren't made to be drank straight from the bottle. You don't necessarily have to be a beer snob to drink here, they offer tall boys of the cheap stuff for much cheaper than any other bar in the vicinity. Don't park in that lot across the street from the place. It's either haunted, or a tow-away zone. I forget which.
<review# 2,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2010,3/3/2011,397,255,3,9,8>A Food Truck park what a great concept for San Antonio; reminds me of S. Congress in Austin. The BoardWalk on Bulverde is the perfect outdoor dining experience. I had a chance to try it out this past weekend for its soft opening/trail run. Tin Can Tacos, K-Hill Bar-B-Que, and SaWeet Cupcakes were doing their thing. I got the Trash Can Burrito from Tin Can Tacos, and a red velvet cupcake from Saweet Cupcakes. Both were good, and made a great combo. K-Hill Bar-B-Que had the place smelling like some awesome Bar-B-Que. I certainly will hit them up on my next visit. The BoardWalk on Bulverde is BYOB for the time being, but according to their website Cambo's Cantina will be the park's bar and watering hole. For a soft opening I really didn't know what to expect, but I got a good feeling that The Boardwalk on Bulverde will be great. Some work still needs to be done to the parking lot, and some other food trucks are set be present. Follow @TheBoardwalkSA for updates on the grand opening on Jan. 8 2011. Overall I could see much potential with The Boardwalk on Bulverde I plan to make it one my regular eat stops 4 Stars. This review was more for informative purposes, and to get the word out.
<review# 3,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2011,3/2/2011,24,16,5,10,4>SA Fresh is the real deal San Antonio.  A rotating selection of excellent hand-made entrees, sides, and desserts that are affordable and easy to reheat.  A delicious dinner for two is $20.00 and can be reheated and served in minutes.  I would describe the food as being "restaurant caliber" but would qualify that statement by saying that very few restaurants in town serve food this good.  And for the price, there is no competition.SA Fresh offers quality, value, convenience and taste.  They combine all the perks of eating out with all the perks of eating in.
<review# 4,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2010,3/1/2011,32,123,1,4,2>We are HUGE Papa Murphy's fans!  We started as customers at the Iowa City, IA location and were thrilled when the Blanco (and now 281) location opened in SA.+FRESH, pizzas are made to order, ready for you to take and bake+specials - often $6.99 for a large 1-topping+stuffed pizzas are amazing!+coupons available online to print and saveWe often stop here after shopping at HEB and bake later for dinner.  Our household is varied in favorite pizza toppings so we often buy a 1-topping and then add our own ingredients at home prior to baking.  My favorite is pepperoni+jalapenos+onions+black olives.  YUM!Tip - call your order in for an even faster, more convenient trip to Papa Murphy's.
<review# 5,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2011,2/28/2011,37,164,8,8,9>Honestly, now.  How many times have you cursed the 30-mile-per-hour speed limit in Alamo Heights - or worse, the Alamo Heights Police Department, as an officer ticketed you for exceeding that ridiculously sluggish speed?Well, today I had a very positive interaction with those maligned keepers-of-the-peace-and-speed-limit, and subsequently just HAD to Yelp about it!This morning, my vehicle stalled while I was on my way to a haircut appointment.  A suddenly disabled car is upsetting enough; but add to that, a very busy time - about 8:30 a.m. - at a very busy intersection (Austin Highway at Broadway), and you have an adrenaline rush of the worse kind.I had my hazard lights blinking, and people were swerving around me - probably saying nasty things under their breath - as I tried to call for emergency towing.  Lo, out of the blue came uno, dos, tres Alamo Heights Police officers: one blocked traffic while the others pushed - and I steered - the car across traffic, safely into a parking lot!In addition, the officers checked up on me from time-to-time until the tow truck showed up, nearly an hour later!Now, it has occurred to me that they might have wanted to keep tabs on ME, to make sure I didn't just abandon my vehicle - or cause other mischief while I was awaiting transport (never can be too careful with fat middle-aged women, right?).  I'm going to assume the very best, though, and suppose that these dedicated public servants are also Good Samaritans, who were concerned about a citizen's welfare.So, a heart-felt "THANK YOU" to the city of Alamo Heights, the Alamo Heights Police Department, and - most especially - my three rescuers. And  I promise to grumble less, from this point forward, when I have to observe the Alamo Heights speed limit.
<review# 6,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2010,2/27/2011,43,53,1,2,1>A++++. I started coming here a few months ago with some friends for morning coffee (actually, I drink tea).  My first impression,  although I basically liked the place, was that some of the artwork that was on the walls was a little disturbing.  I decided to go back a couple of weeks later, and was really glad I did!  The artwork had changed & was really nice and I met the owner.  He is very nice and said that he'd had a lot of complaints about the artwork (which had come from a local high school) so he went with a different artist to show.  I have been back several times & the staff is friendly and the owner always remembers me and asks me about my business.  Hung out there this morning with my daughter.  Keep it Local!
<review# 7,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2010,2/26/2011,117,187,3,15,7>Pros :+ traditional sushi choices+ excellent tasting everything (i tried)+ prices are reasonable considering the quality+ choice of western (in chairs) & eastern (on pillows) dining+ supporting a family-owned business, not some westernized franchise "sushi" place (i.e. Zushi Sushi)Cons :- Exterior and interior are dated; located on an older portion of Hildebrand (not dangerous, just old)- Service can be a bit slow, but is friendly.Summary :I'd heard great things about Niki's from several of my sushi loving friends, so I figured I'd finally give it a try.  I wish I had tried it sooner.This place is definitely the most traditional sushi place I know of in San Antonio (probably in Texas).  This is NOT westernized or "fusion" sushi (like Zushi Sushi, Godai, Goro's, etc), there are no technicolored dishes with fancy sauces (or mayos), no oddly named specialty rolls, no non-traditional ingredients (no cream cheese, jalapenos, deepfried rolls, crunchy fillings, etc); just sushi the way it was probably served before it became trendy to have your own signature rolls.The fish definitely among the freshest and tastiest I've had and, from what I'm told, is served at the proper temperature (room temp).  The sushi rice definitely tastes different here versus most more modern sushi places, it compliments the fish, instead of overpowering it.If you are in the mood for authentic sushi, then by all means come here.  If you want cream cheese, spicy mayo, deep dried sushi, or some other "fusion" sushi, then I recommend going elsewhere.
<review# 8,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2010,2/25/2011,14,40,2,11,7>This is far from your typical haircut place. With adorable decor, fun gifts, sweet staff, talented stylists, and even the dreamiest of all Princess Playtimes, it makes me wish I were a kid again!They have cute little cars for younger kiddos to perch in as they tame their dos and video game systems for older ones. Sharkey's says they do adult hair, but eh, I think I will let this one be a special spot for my babes.Clarissa rocked my baby boy's shaggy locks and really listened to my wishes. After my daughter was done with her hair cut, they french braided the top, sprayed her hair with sparkles, and even gave her a balloon (needless to say, she thinks she needs another hair cut just a week later!). At $17 per cut, it's a little pricier, but worth every penny!P.S. You MUST try the Princess Playtime (for girls about 7 and under)! For $10, your little beauty gets her nails polished, hair styled, and her choice of the most amazing dress-up gowns! During the summer, they have it every Monday through Thursday from 10-11 but you have to call ahead and prepay.
<review# 9,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2010,2/24/2011,14,14,2,2,2>OK, I admit it...I love bubble drinks.  And if you love bubble drinks, you'll soon become a fan of Bubble Head in southtown.  Yes, it's a bit out of the way and somewhat hard to find on your own the first time...but aren't most of SA's best spots that way?  Yes, yes they are...so there.  I'm a huge admirer of the Southtown/King Willam/Lavaca area, with so many of my favorite places in that area, it's no wonder I make the trek down there whenever possible.Bubble Head has a dizzying number of bubble tea and drink choices.  Hell, they actually have a limitless amount of choices because you can pretty much choose your own combinations of anything for your drink order.  If you haven't been...just go, you won't be disappointed with their drinks.  And go ahead, live on the edge, order extra bubbles!
<review# 10,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2010,2/23/2011,202,256,10,9,7>Well my girl is getting older which of course means that I am getting older but if you ask me I will deny it till my dying breath which, unfortunately, could be very soon! Big girl means big girl haircuts complete with highlights in amber and blonde the likes of which no NISD beleaguered school marm could deny sending a young miss to the VP's office for. Yeah that's right there is trouble in Denmark and it is the attitude of the bitter old hags that seem to think anyone with a modicum of self expression is evil and a menace to society. But enough about me, we are talking about the stellar doo my cousin Yvette gave my daughter here at the Eden salon. I'm usually not one to promote the wonders of a beauty salon because I have never set foot in one. Like Michael J. Fox's Teen Wolf character, I have problems which include my $5 haircut but at least I don't transmogrify into a beast underneath the cascading half light of a shimmering full moon. Well my wife begs to differ. She says I'm a sleeping beast! My cousin clearly showed me the difference between the girls straight out of cosmetology school and into Fantastic Sam's and a true professional. She is a master at her craft and I am sure all the stylists at Eden are as well. My little girl looked like Jennifer Aniston post "Leprechaun" days and without the apparent psycho-hosebaggery that chases off all eligible celebrity males. In a few months we shall return to highlight the hell out of my daughter's hair for the summer and perhaps try to sculpt the few remaining hairs I have left into something more festive and devil may care.
<review# 11,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2013,10/8/2013,158,218,3,7,4>In a word, The Brooklynite is amazing. Although I came for the Ranger Creek Release Party, I stayed for the great cocktails, enticing atmosphere, stimulating conversation, and the overall feel-good vibes. It was as if I had stepped into another realm, one that completely surpasses your regular "night club and bar scene" here in SA. If you're looking for a watered-down vodka Red Bull or a Marrrrrgarita, you've come to the wrong place. And this is definitely a good thing :)Each drink at The Brooklynite is made with perfection and tastefulness in mind. I didn't know what half of the ingredients going into my cocktail were, nor did I care because if it was good enough, I found myself Googling these mystery ingredients and wanting to know more about them! Rather than your traditional boring row of cherries, limes, and olives, these mixologists used interesting ingredients in their cocktails such as bitters, simple syrup, honey, vanilla extract, all spice, as well as many others. You will be blown away by these masterfully concocted cocktails and the high levels of service you will receive from staff members. One recommendation, based on the taste buds of myself and my other half: do NOT try the Buffalo Soldier! It was definitely the strangest taste we have ever tasted before, and was also a weird consistency. Hey, whatever floats your boat, it just was not the right flavor for me. Everything else, however, was absolute bliss. For example: the Six Demon Bag, the Brooklynite, Pearl Snaps, Oatmeal Pale Ale, and the Plaid Shirt were all very exceptional and tasty! They've got screens for viewing movies and TV shows, but watching TV was the last thing on my mind when compared to their well-executed cocktails. The restrooms made me feel like I was in a fancy shmancy restaurant and it was actually nice to dress up nicer than usual to go out for a change :p
<review# 12,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2013,10/7/2013,113,243,4,6,5>I always glided right past Soluna for some reason, it just didn't speak to me...now I know better.  They have the best upscale Mexican food in the area.  The service you get is impressive and the staff is super attentive.  Their patio is gorgeous and a good wake-me-up if you're a little tired on a Friday after work and need to get back in the swing of things to start your weekend off right.Not being a native Alamo Heights-er its also interesting people watching in a big bad way.I usually get the same thing each time, why mess with a good thing?  Queso flemeado to start and Chile Poblano al Carbon.  Its a huge helping and you will have leftovers.  I did branch out and tried the Carne Adobada last time, also amazing.  I really love this place.  Anyone that comes to visit me from out of town, this is the first place I will take you to eat!
<review# 13,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2013,10/6/2013,84,393,2,7,2>The north end of downtown is pretty limited in healthy lunch choices, which is surprising considering how many businesses are in the area.  I don't know how Clean Plate figured out how to fit everything into such a strange shaped location, but they make it work perfectly.  A farm to table concept right at the triangle of Lexington and Main.  The menu is simple and straightforward consisting of things like fish tacos(that rival those at the Cove), spicy stuffed pepper with chipolte cream, seasonal veggie saute and a locally sourced burger on a Sol y Luna bun.  Most of the menu items are in the $9-12 range, on the higher end for lunch but you're paying for organic and local so worth it.  The timing is getting faster since they first opened, but I would still make sure to have about an hour for lunch.  The special board has in-season items and the homemade salsa with the chips is amazing.  Clean Plate uses Maine Root soda without any high fructose corn syrup, and the sugar served with the tea is liquid to give just the right sweetness.  If you have a bit of time for lunch and are wanting some healthy eats this place has got it covered.
<review# 14,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2013,10/5/2013,25,62,6,5,7>Found my new pizza and pasta home! I went through pizza withdrawals and a bit of depression when Piccolinos off 410 and Bandera shut down for remodeling and then Mabliu Burger Shack ended up replacing it...grr...still hard to talk about. The good news is thanks to the awesome reviews on Yelp for Gallo Pizzeria I am complete again. The quality of the food and service is amazing. Prices are very affordable. I'm blown away with how awesome the staff are. They make you feel welcomed. While waiting for a pizza one night, my husband struck up a conversation with the young man preparing our pizza. He told us that he loved his job and especially loved making pizzas when they got really busy. I loved this guys work ethic!We had our first visit 4 days ago and we've already been there 5 times. We've been trying different things. Hubby's fave is the Al Greco pizza and I'm in love with the chicken Alfredo pasta bake---it's lightly breaded and crisped chicken and it made my taste buds perk up. The top layer of the pasta baked is nice and toasty and under the toasty, cheesy goodness is melty cheese, noodles and Alfredo sauce. You get a variety of textures and flavors in one bite. This is a place worth trying and I'm happy to see such a quality place in the neighborhood I grew up in. BTW the building it's in has some history. I got my first pager there when it used to be a pager company almost 20 years ago. Well I'm off to go write my Dear John letter to Pizza Hut, Dominos and Peter Piper.
<review# 15,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2013,10/4/2013,118,76,2,6,2>Yoga Shala isn't your typical Vinyasa, flow style, easy breezy yoga class offered at most gyms. This is a serious yoga studio with a room that can fit roughly 10 people working with hands on instructors that really help you sit further into poses than you ever thought possible.I've done just one class but I am looking forward to going back and doing some more intense training.This class (for beginners) was NOT for the weak, I am sore and maintain that I'm a fairly healthy person.. If you are serious about yoga and you are looking for hands on correction for poses, this is the place to go.  If you have never taken a yoga class before, this may not be the best place to start as they move very quickly, but after one class, I can already tell this place will whip you into shape fairly quickly.
<review# 16,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2013,10/3/2013,94,80,3,4,5>how have I lived within two miles of this place, driven by it on a weekly (for a while it was daily!) basis, and never been here?!Fantastic atmosphere (great laid back Texas rustic feel), terrific food, and outstanding service... all for a very nice price.  I even texted the hubster during lunch to tell him that he would LOVE this place and we must go back during dinner time (to imbibe of course!). Hands down the most delish fish tacos I have had in Texas - two generous pieces of fried fish with a yummy salsa in each taco.  The lunch special includes two tacos, coles slaw, hush puppies and french fries.  I heard and read (in other reviews) the onion rings are a must have so they even let me sub the fries for onion rings! Score! All for under $10. What a great local gem!
<review# 17,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2013,10/2/2013,210,68,4,7,4>Relax in your car with a big fan blowing to cool you off while the boys do all the work on your car! Me likey.Fast and reliable service. The boys there were knowledgeable and being a girl, I didn't feel like they were trying to gyp me into buying superfluous things. All I got was an oil change because I knew that's what I needed! They also refilled my water windshield fluid and checked my tire air pressure for free! Look for them on LivingSocial for deals and also Check-In to receive the current special! :)
<review# 18,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2013,10/1/2013,36,119,8,16,15>Just tried Sweet Yams on my short short lunch break and LOVED the food and friendly service.  Sweet Yams is located on Cherry Street in a very small cottage with no indoor seating.  The seating is mostly shaded, but it's all outside, and very casual.  You order at a window in the cottage, and the food is brought out to you on disposable dishes.  Other reviewers have compared the presentation to food truck fare, and that's accurate--although don't take that to mean that it is "fast food" in style.  Because it's as wholesome as it is delicious.Cheers on vegan, vegetarian, and healthy meat options, and on the reasonable prices.  A lot of flavors and types of items are represented on the menu, although the menu itself isn't terribly long--Asian, cajun, Texan, etc., sandwiches, soups, salads, and entrees.I ordered a lunch special that came with chili garlic shrimp, brown rice, and a salad with some kind of balsamic dressing.  I ate every single bite and felt perfectly satisfied.  The portions are appropriate and priced well.  The shrimp was fresh and NOT overcooked.  Whew!  Every bite was tender and full flavor.  The salad greens were fresh and topped with carrots.  The rice was also perfectly cooked, and I was relieved that it wasn't a big blob of white rice.One of my friends ordered a delicious-looking chilli, and the other friend had the gumbo.  Rave reviews all around.  And we made it back to the office in time, too.  The server was friendly and happy to tell us her favorite items.  They also carry that Sweet Leaf iced tea, which is a local (delicious) product, although if I could change one thing about this place, I would probably expand the beverage menu a little.  Right now your choices are only bottled sweet tea and bottled water.  My friend told me that she loved the chilli she ordered, but wished that the packaging and utensils had been a bit more "green" rather than styrofoam and plastic.  Good point.Seating is somewhat limited, but we arrived around 11:30 and had no trouble finding a place.  Although they're are a few areas for improvement, this food was so healthy, delicious, and perfectly cooked that I can't wait to come back.  I hope they thrive in this area.  If you work a 9-to-5 in or around Downtown, I highly recommend giving this place a try.
<review# 19,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2013,9/30/2013,211,179,2,3,2>Do you know how great it is to have a comic store this wonderful so close to my house?  Do you also know how much trouble I'm going to get into with a comic store that stays open late only 1.5miles from my place?  I have been a comic nerd since I was in 5th grade.  Having lived in Ft. Worth, Austin, and now San Antonio, I've been to alot of different comic stores in alot of different towns.  Also, having been in San Antonio since 2008, I have sadly been unable to claim a store that is "my comic store."  (The one I used to frequent unfortunately closed).  However, now I have a store to call my own-Dragon's Lair.  This place is GREAT!The store is setup very well, trades are organized by publisher, gaming is sectioned off and all together, and they have gaming rooms all around the store.  When walking in, there is also a gaming schedule on the wall to your left.  Granted, I'm not a gamer, but I can appreciate a place that so easily mixes the two genres with such success.  Staff is always helpful and more than willing to not only lend a hand, but also a suggestion.  Pricing is pretty great too.  Some places will kick their pricing up a buck or three but for the most part, they keep their pricing to cover/MSRP.Yes, I do have a store to call home now, and that store is Dragon's Lair.  Thanks guys, and see ya soon:)
<review# 20,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2013,9/29/2013,15,129,1,9,2>The Dealer Alternative is a rare gem. Any business would benefit from following their customer service model. They are informative, honest, and friendly. They won't sell you things you don't need. I don't know much about cars and just want to make sure my vehicle is in good shape. They explain to me any concerns with my vehicle without patronizing and even let me know the urgency of the problem. I highly recommend this business!
<review# 21,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2013,2/15/2014,838,696,3,7,5>The King William District has some real history behind it! This neighborhood sits on the Mission Trail, a line of missions that go from the Alamo downtown to Espada, down on the Southside. Previously, all the land along the Mission Trail was owned by San Antonio de Valero, who controlled much of the land at the time. This neighborhood was the first suburban addition to SA. There are many old time large scale Victorian houses throughout. The annual King William Faire is a perfect time to get to know the neighborhood! The park in the center of King William has a nice gazebo, which was recently renovated, and serves as a nice small park to relax in. The San Antonio river flows through the neighborhood, and has many great bridges and waterfront land along the river which is quite beautiful. My only complaint about this neighborhood is that there aren't any places to get groceries, without going far, far away.
<review# 22,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2014,2/14/2014,56,24,5,9,8>I just started drinking beer a few months ago.  Big hops is a really chill place.  If flying saucer is too much for you.  And you're not into a big crowd.  If you want to come have a beer, kick back and laugh.  And also feel like you're just hanging out at your best friends place.  This is the place to come.  With Aaron behind the bar.  Letting you know all about the latest beers and which ones to try next. Thanks guys
<review# 23,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/24/2013,2/13/2014,60,127,11,10,6>A list of things that will scare the heck out of you at this park:1. The rustling of leaves on the ground in the woods as you jog by. You look back and see something move in the trees. You run faster because you don't want whatever it is to start chasing you. You turn back to look, and behold...it's a beautiful deer. 2. You're in full stride and you are so proud of yourself for running so well today. With a smile on your face you run up a slight incline then woosh! A deer runs across the path RIGHT IN FRONT OF YOU. Yes, reason number two is another deer. 3. No it's not a deer, it's something else in the leaves as you're passing by. Yes. You run faster again.  :-) Yes these things scare/startle me as I run here but that's all good stuff. This is a great, small (about 2 mile) trail that's  easy to get to and never too crowded. There's bikers, pooches (dog variety and belly variety), walkers, and runners. Great shade on the trails so it was beautiful in summer and still beautiful in the fall. Don't be scared y'all! With as much good food as we eat we can all fit in a little jog or bike ride.
<review# 24,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2014,2/12/2014,82,258,5,12,9>Allright...after a few more trips here...I will happily give this WooHoo!!  Not only will I give it that, but so will the ten other people I have introduced this place to.  Not only is the food great, but so are the staff.  Service can be slightly inattentive at times, but it is always pleasant with smiley staff who will fix any issues you point out happily and quickly.  And no they don't comp anything (for the comp happy people!!)..but they fix it, and that is what I want.   The fixes really have been stuff like too much salt on fries or minor stuff like that.  And its all been great!!Absolutely a must go to on any trip to San Antonio!!  I strongly recommend ordering the 6 charcuterie plate, letting it sit for at least 15 minutes for it to come to room temp while you eat a pumpkin salad or some such thing and sip a cocktail. That patience will be rewarded immensely with incredible flavors of the various meats just making your mouth dance and you scream WooHOO!!
<review# 25,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2013,2/11/2014,6,39,2,8,6>I took my two sisters to Luce for a Christmas lunch today. This was our first visit. Upon entering, we were greeted by a very nice gentleman, who addressed me by name. That was a pleasant surprise, considering that this was my first visit. I did have a reservation for 1PM, but I still liked being greeted like that. We were then escorted to our table in a beautiful dining area, which I'd describe as classy and intimate. Now, for the most important parts. Our waiter, Brad H., provided excellent customer service. Two of us had the Linguine Mare Chiaro, which was excellent. My other sister ordered the Bistecca di Manzo, which is a grilled center cut  New York Strip, accompanied by Yukon Gold potatoes, toasted garlic veggies and Veal Reduction. My sis loved this plate, which I think I'll try on my next visit. The salads were fresh, crisp and not drowned in dressing. Just right. The complimentary bread was fresh and tasy. We finished off our great meal with dessert and coffee. The Tiramisu was outstanding and very flavorful. Nice and fresh. The coffee was great, as it's served from a French Press, so you know that's truly a fresh, flavorful cup of coffee. Back to our waiter, Brad H. He was very attentive throughout our meal, making sure that our beverages were full and table kept tidy. Brad was very pleasant and efficient, which I always pay close attention to. Brad scores an A+ for making our visit very enjoyable. Lastly, a tip. I'm not a coupon or discount person, but for whatever reason, I tried something today. If you do a Yelp check-in from Luce, you get a free Tiramisu. I showed the Yelp/Luce offer to Brad and he immediately credited my check with the free Tiramisu. That part was painless, so you might want to redeem one if you visit this place and you're a Yelper.I highly recommend Luce. I'll definitely be returning for an evening visit next time. These folks and their food and service are awesome!! Thank you Luce Ristorante...keep up the good work!!!
<review# 26,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2013,2/10/2014,43,77,4,7,7>The restaurant is located in a refurbished building right on the edge of Monte Vista. Exposed wood ceilings, beautiful tiled floors, quirky art and an extremely inviting bar makes for a very nice space. The bar has 12 beers on draft and it looked like two of them were on nitrous. A very nice representation of various styles of craft beer. A small selection of sparking, rose, red and white wines. All wines are available by the glass or bottle. I had a couple glasses of the Granacha and my girlfriend had a glass of the Barbera. Both were excellent wines and deserving of proper vessels. I do take issue with the wine being served in large rocks glasses instead of proper wine glasses. However, unlike a recently opened French restaurant in town that doesn't use wine glasses either, Barbaro's pours are quite generous and I didn't feel like I was drinking out of a thimble as in my other recent experience. We started with the cold roasted cauliflower salad that had an excellent caponata that consisted of more than the pumpkin seeds that the menu suggested. The ricotta salata and fresh basil bring this dish together for a nice starter. We shared a large carbonara pizza for our main course. Carbonara just happens to be my go to comfort food dish that I make at home. The pizza did not disappoint. The creamy carbonara with the salty smoky bacon and Grana Padano was almost bubbly on a pillowy base that was the crust. The pizzas on the menu are definitely quite creative and I an looking forward to trying them all. However, for the finicky they do have a build your pizza option. My take on the pizza after one visit is that the toppings make the pizza here. The crust is great but not the kind that stands out like the wood fired crust at Stella. However, the combination of flavors as far as toppings are well thought of. The anchovy pizza is at the top of my list for my next visit. For dessert, we had the ricotta cheesecake. This happened to be best dish of the night. Creamy ricotta topped with honey and apple butter. The crust seemed to have a hint of almond. I am curious if some amaretti cookies had sneaked their way in there. Service was excellent. Even though we knew that the restaurant was only open for one week, it did not show. Normally, we wait for a month after a restaurant opens before we try it. However, being fans of The Monterrey, we could not wait. We enjoyed our dinner thoroughly. It's a keeper!
<review# 27,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2014,2/9/2014,28,94,5,11,7>You know how you get excited to review a place, because the food was awesome!  And then you start the review, and think to yourself, "Wait, this place is a bit divey, small, and sells out their stock, sooo...if I tell more people, then there's less food for me."  I actually contemplated for a few minutes whether or not to write Smoke Shack up, but, I think the cat is well out of the bag on this place.I've eaten here several times.  Today, I was driving back home after being away for a week.  I had my windows down, sped past the Smoke Shack to get home to shower and rest, but the smell of their perfectly seasoned ribs wafted into my car.  I hit the breaks, pulled a u-ey, and got some ribs, pulled pork sliders, and brisket sliders.The ribs are unreal - and I'm not sure why I didn't get more.  I've never been a huge fan of their sides, which are okay, but just pale in comparison to the awesomeness of their meat.  And guess what!  You don't have to wait 3 hours in line for unbeatable BBQ.
<review# 28,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2014,2/8/2014,204,426,3,8,9>I love experiencing a barge cruise tour!  These are so much fun for visitors and locals too.  In fact, locals receive a discount on ticket prices.Full disclosure, I work with them professionally for 17-25 private tours per year, but that only adds to my positive review as the staff behind the scenes are easy to work with, responsive, professional and when needed, have a great sense of humor (Cruises being cancelled for hurricane like conditions downtown?  You have to laugh it off and reschedule right?)The guides appreciate tips and in all of these years, I have had only one who was too pushy for everyone's comfort.  They are mostly informative, well spoken and put on a good show along with a bit of a history of San Antonio lesson.Don't miss out on one of these if you are visiting and if you are a local and haven't taken a tour yet, what are you waiting for?
<review# 29,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2014,2/7/2014,28,373,2,7,6>A great spot for food truck feasting -- if you're willing to drive. This location out on Boerne Stage Road is away from everything and is a nice, quiet, serene setting to get your food truck fix. The food trucks are packed in rather tightly but that's ok. The site is dog friendly so bring Fido.There's a nice open-air bar that serves beer and sodas. Yelp check ins get you a free non-alcoholic libation.Enjoy!
<review# 30,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2013,2/6/2014,39,19,3,12,7>This was my first trip to Fratello's today.  The atmosphere is very open and bright with a brand new and clean feeling.  The tall ceilings and wood beams add to the unique atmosphere.When you walk in, you will be facing the pizza / bread / dessert counter, with the pizza oven on the left, the kitchen behind the counter, and the register on the right.  Order first, then take your number to your seat and they'll bring the food to you.My lunch date and I each had 1/2 sandwich on perfectly baked on-site homemade bread which comes with very crispy, salty, and slightly thick homemade potato chips (some might say they're too salty, but I liked them just fine), and a choice of either soup or salad.  On this day there was only one choice of soup - pasta fagioli, and two choices of salad - Caesar or Mista (mixed lettuce.)  I had the Caesar which was good but the dressing didn't have the tangy taste that I prefer in a Caesar.  The croutons were probably leftovers from the homemade bread which is absolutely delicious.  The sliced Reggiano Parmigiano cheese added the perfect touch.  Each table has its own small pepper grinder too.Fratello's is also a small Italian market which I suppose is designed to recreate the image of a New York / New Jersey deli, and it provides much of this ambiance with the prevalence of Italian meats, cheeses, and hundreds of bottles of olives, etc., but it is much too neat and clean and not nearly crowded enough to give you a truly authentic recreation of a NY/NJ deli.  (I'm not saying that's bad, it's just the truth.)They sell pizza which they cook in a wood fired oven (I haven't had any yet), pasta, and several desserts - I took home some of the mini-cannolis and they're excellent.  But the hit of the day was the Pane loaf which is baked on site and used on all their sandwiches.  Their web site says it's "soft in the middle, crispy on the outside" which is true.  I can't say enough - this bread is simply excellent, delicious with the perfect, perfect texture.  If you don't have time to eat a meal here, then do yourself a favor and stop by to pick up a couple of Pane loafs like I did today.  I have some leftover ham from Christmas dinner at my house, and this bread is going to make my leftovers taste like a real treat.
<review# 31,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2012,11/28/2012,88,178,2,10,5>I have been here numerous times and although I though I'd found a few favorites, my dinner last night was head and shoulders above the rest of their exceptional menu items. The Mediterranean platter is great as a starter, but you need to make sure that you ask for the pita triangles to be toasted, it makes a humungous difference. So tasty. The Southwestern Chicken sandwich is stellar as is the Cape Malay Beef Curry (make sure you eat it with the bananas that are provided...amazing), but I must get back to the point of last night's dinner...I was in the mood for a steak, my boyfriend a pizza mood. Since we obviously were worlds apart as far as cuisine, he asked where I'd like to go given that it was already later on a Friday night and I immediately said Picnikins. They are open til 9:00pm on week nights and til 10:00pm on weekends, plus there's usually never a wait. I ordered the Black Angus Tenderloin encrusted with peppercorns and a merlot reduction, served with rosemary au gratin potatoes, and veggies. Along with the $25 price tag I also got to choose a soup or salad. I got the caesar, and although it was good I was blown away by my boyfriend's poblano soup. My steak was at least 2" and seared to perfection with a nice buttery texture, EASILY the best steak I've had in the past 10 years. For dessert we split the Malva pudding atop creme anglaise, WOW. This was quite possibly one of the best meals I've had in a long time, and the service that we had from Brittany was outstanding.
<review# 32,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2012,11/27/2012,161,338,2,2,3>Really glad to see Al DiLeberto back in the restaurant scene.  Thanks to my Yelp friends for making the connection.  I kept driving by the new place and thinking it was called Dilberto's, as in the Dilbert cartoon.  That's an odd name I thought.  Really loved Boccone's back in the day.  The new location is much smaller, but the food is still fantastic.  It was great to see Al greet us at the door and reminisce about the old days.  Also great to see Al and the group still play music and wandering through the restaurant.  I had a really good lasagna this night.  And they had a very delicious chocolate dessert.  Definitely a gem of the neighborhood.
<review# 33,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2012,11/26/2012,70,182,2,6,4>Nao has the potential for a five star review, and this will be one I'd be happy to come back and edit.There's no real sense in writing into detail about individual dishes since they change so frequently, but in all three courses you can choose from things like ceviche, duck confit, steak options, fish options, and other small dishes that show off the CIA students' talents for Latin American cuisine techniques.  The real standout is the bar, headed by a former bardtender from the fantastic Esquire.  All the drinks are handmade with fresh ingredients and plenty of imagination. My only real qualms with Nao are likely associated with the pains of starting a new restaurant staffed by students and I won't go into them, but will hope remove this line in the coming months.
<review# 34,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2012,11/25/2012,37,19,5,8,5>Big news I learned today - Ciao Lavanderia across the street closed, so the Bistro Bakery is now serving the best of Ciao's menu at their palce on Thursdays, Fridays and Saturdays.  It's a European celebration - pizza and pasta from an Italian restaurant served in a French bistro!  Truly a continental, if not a cosmopolitan place.For breakfast and brunch, some of the absolute best coffee I've ever had, even the regular stuff.  If you really want your mind blown, try the coffee press. These folks know what they're doing and don't mess around.   It's the kind of coffee I will continue to drink, even after I'm jittery and seeing double/triple of everything - it really does taste that good.Kolachis are huge and satisfying - served with a very tangy mustard vinagrette dressing on the side.  And for an absolutely perfect way to start off the morning, try the croque madame - a grilled ham and cheese sandwich with an egg on top.The only strange thing about it is because of the layout of the space, you have to actually walk through the kitchen to get to the bathroom.  No real worries on that though - keeps the staff on their toes and you get to check on the progress of your meal.Make sure to get something from the dessert case, and maybe a loaf of their bread too.  Mmmmmm, mmmmm!
<review# 35,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2012,11/24/2012,220,318,3,5,4>Again, Yelp for the win. Needing to replace my windshield, I asked around and heard "Safelite" from everyone. Most people raved, but a few had horror stories. So I asked myself, "why haven't I asked Yelp?". Shame on me. And thanks, once again, to the Yelpers who have gone before and have taken the time to share their experience... you sent me to Meyer Glass Co.The price quoted was lower than Safelite's web-quote, and my service was outstanding. There was a scratch on the first windshield delivered for my car, so they fetched another. They asked if I had time to wait, and I did - in fact I was enjoying my wait, visiting with a longtime customer of theirs (replacing glass on his '51 Ford truck; he said his friend has a glass company, but he still goes to Meyer's).The only edge Safelite might have is they'll come to you. I didn't ask Meyer's, so I can't say whether they'd be willing to do it. If they aren't, they might could recommend someone who would. There's no problem with their neighborhood; it's just an older part of San Antonio. People who are weary of the area musta spent their whole lives in suburbs (no offense, Chris L.). Personally, I prefer the way the well-kept old building speaks to the care they put into their work.This place is what Yelp's all about. Local. Quality. Stuff.P.S. I think all the reviews thus far are for auto glass, but that's not all they do. I heard them speak with other customers while I waited, so I know that if they can't do the job for you, they can suggest where you might look next (for example, they sent one man to Plastics Supply off Josephine for his camper window).
<review# 36,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2012,11/23/2012,305,113,2,7,6>Awwwww Soluna. How much I love thee. Whenever I get a craving for some great, leaning towards the interior Mexican food, ridiculous paella (weekends only- Sunday to be exact), and the best chile en nogados I've ever put in my mouth, this is the place. Picture raisin seasoned picadillo stuffed poblanos drenched in a creamy sauce from heaven. Might I recommend the Platillo Mexicano? Margaritas. Check. Chips and salsa. Check. Pssstttt ask for the "special salsas". Enchiladas. Check. Everything. Check. I'm known to be a patio snob and this place has one of my fave patios in all of San Antonio. It gets packed so expect a wait during traditional busy restaurant times but its worth it.My only complaint is that some of the servers barely understand English and I've received the wrong dish before. Why would I order an Hongos Flameados quesadilla AND an Hongos Flameado bowl as appetizers mister server man?! Hello! But no fear, they were sweet about it. And it ate them both anyway.
<review# 37,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2012,11/22/2012,211,97,6,12,9>I met a friend at The Brooklynite for a Thursday night happy hour recently. Having not heard of it (incidentally, because it had only opened up the Friday before), I was excited and not quite sure what I was getting myself into. Turns out, I was very pleased with what I got myself into.Now, I'm a drinker and I enjoy drinking, but I'd say I'm not a well-educated drinker. I forget what liqueurs I like and get flustered when ordering a drink that's not one of my standards. That's sometimes a problem for me at fancy bars, but The Brooklynite was an exception and I ordered off their detailed and varied drink menu very easily. When the bartender noticed I was indecisive, he offered help and suggested a few items that weren't on the menu that I might enjoy... and that I did enjoy. The PB&J cocktail is delicious, and though kinda nutty, it's different and good -- and pretty boozy, as I was warned. Don't be scared, though. Their signature drink, The Brooklynite, was also a tasty one that I'd order again.The restaurant is decorated in an open Victorian style with a modern flair, and though there are plenty of couches and chairs scattered about, we chose to sit at the bar. If given the option, I'd choose that again (of course, unless there was to be talk of espionage and whatnot) as the staff at The Brooklynite was top-notch for superior bar conversation as well as service-wise. This is a great addition to the SA cocktail scene and I'm ready to try it again!Though I left relatively early in the night (though more than one happy HOUR, it wasn't a full happy evening), when I was leaving I saw the food trucks starting to set up outside. Next time I go, I'll definitely be taking advantage of that -- definitely a nice change from the post-drinking potato & egg taco that I'm used to!
<review# 38,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2012,11/21/2012,101,497,5,6,6>Ever since my friend moved in to the building we've called Taco Garage our kitchen. Not because we cook there, because there's no grocery stores for miles and TG is the next best thing downstairs so we eat there often! We eat there so often I'm positive we ate breakfast and dinner there twice in three days. This can only mean one thing... This place is the tits.The wait staff is amazing, amazing, amazing! You talk to them, they talk to you. They bring 6 small shot glasses of their assorted margaritas. You pick favorite one. You order next time bigger version. You swap stories, tell jokes, you bond. Its a win win. So we fell in love with the shrimp tacos, the beef fajita taco (more like burrito!), the home made corn tortillas, the queso de flameado (fried queso with chorizo-I think), the margarites! the beers! The whiskey! The guac! The barbacoa and big red! I could go on and on.My last visit seriously made my jaw drop. Our waitress whom we've only known a month, came up to my daughter, started talking to her in Spanish (because my girls fluent) and literally brought all the fixings for bean and cheese tacos and served her as if she was her own. Some parents might say "Hey! That's my job!" or you could be like me (sometimes slacking on Sundays when socializing with tourists and other regulars) and say "Wow, you're the best!" Because I know she really cares. Plus, she's the best! Downtown Taco Garage you complete me Friday through Sunday.
<review# 39,isUSA=TRUE,2.0,11/12/2012,11/20/2012,144,109,1,10,4>My Latest ExperienceI unfortunately have to change my rating for the Boiler House. While it was great when I went to the soft opening, everyone was on their game, this was not the case went I revisited.My husband called to make a reservation for our anniversary dinner. He told them we would like a quiet spot and that the dinner was a special occasion. When we arrived, they said they didn't have it marked down that we wanted a quiet spot, only that it was our anniversary. They sat us downstairs right across from the bar, so we asked if they had another table and then they tried to sit us in front of the musician about to play his set. We asked if we could sit upstairs (this is where we sat at the soft opening) and they told us the upstairs was only open Friday and Saturday. That information would have been helpful when the reservation was made.We tried to call some nearby restaurants, but there were no immediate openings, so we were stuck with our seat next to the bar (feeling way over-dressed). The hostess apologized for the mix up when she overheard my husband trying to get us into another restaurant.I ordered the same delicious filet as before, only this time I couldn't find the  foie gras sauce. There was a crumble or two of  foie gras on top of my steak, but nothing resembling the creamy sauce from my previous experience. I asked our server to check into it for me and the kitchen told him that is how it is supposed to be and that foie gras doesn't melt into a sauce. I ate my steak which was cooked to my preference and it was good, but not as amazing as I remember. My husband remembered that we had taken photos of our food at the soft opening, and he found the picture of what the filet with foie gras sauce looked like last time. I showed it to our server (who was very helpful and attentive) just so he wouldn't think I was crazy and he immediately took my phone to the kitchen to show them. At this point the expediter, who was also probably the floor manager for the evening came over to our table. I simply told him that there was an issue of consistency from my last visit to this one. He asked me if I wanted another steak, which I appreciate, but declined since I had already eaten most of mine already. He did tell me that the sauce just wasn't as melted as in my photo, but he wasn't at the expo line (which we sat across from all night and could clearly see) when my steak came out, so he never even saw it. He never apologized or admitted that there was any inconsistency with my $50 steak.In addition to the issue with my steak our side of cheesy potatoes were swimming in grease. Not very appetizing. My husbands dinner was good and desert was ok. Then, the bill came. I don't mind spending a good amount of money on food, especially for a nice occasion, but some how, our bill was $200 for just an "ok" dinner that didn't live up to the last visit. My steak was not comped or even discounted, and there was no effort to "celebrate" our anniversary.I may be back to try brunch, but I'm not sure if I'll be back for dinner. I just don't think it is worth the price. I can name other restaurants that are consistent and have wonderful food and atmosphere where I'd rather spend $200 for dinner.-----Soft Opening Review--------------------------------------------­---------------------------------I'm so very excited about this new restaurant in my neighborhood. I visited on preview night--two days before opening. There were a few kinks to work out, but overall the experience was amazing.They have wines of every price-point, but I was really happy with the wine on tap. Apparently, it is specially bought by the owners and you won't find it anywhere else.The meal was family style. For the appetizer, my table had the cheese and bread, which was a big hit, but I think I'd pass on the popcorn next time. The chorizo "pops" as I like to call them were spicy and delicious. The quail small bites was very good. I love me some good scallops and the seared scallops kabob did not disappoint. We tried the lamb shank and the shrimp skewer and decided they were our least favorite dishes of the table. The absolute best dish in the house is the petite filet with foie gras sauce. You can not come here and not try this dish. It is probably one of the best filets I've ever tasted. And how can you go wrong with foie gras as an accessory?We sampled 3 out of the 4 desserts and they were all delicious. We had our fill of good wine, food, atmosphere and very knowledgeable servers which made our experience superb. I can't wait to go back again.
<review# 40,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2012,11/19/2012,50,49,2,4,6>When I lived in Chapel Hill, NC, I was a regular at a small, dimly lit bar called The Crunkleton. Equipped with dark woods, a sliding ladder to reach top-shelf scotch, and a staff of genteel, bowtie-clad mixologists, it was then and remains now the best bar I've ever visited.  Moving day was a sad one. Not only was I leaving my friends and family, but also The Crunkleton.Luckily, I have found San Antonio's equivalent in the Esquire Tavern. Gorgeous, rich woods, distressed walls, and beautifully crafted cocktails give the Esquire an air of sophistication, minus the austerity present in many similar establishments. I've now visited twice and somehow have managed to feel equally comfortable dressed to the nines or in jeans and a t-shirt, which I like to view as a mark of an excellent bar. So far, I've tried the Manhattan (a staple against which I like to judge a bartender's skill-- it passed the test), the Londinium, the Southtown, and one other that I believe begins with a "c"... that one came last, so my memory was a bit fuzzy by then.  Regardless, everything I tried was phenomenal.  I look forward to making the Esquire Tavern my latest after-work spot, and I can't wait to try their other offerings.
<review# 41,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/9/2011,11/26/2011,107,89,7,7,6>Lulus ain't fancy. If you are coming here just because "I totally saw this on Man vs. Food and I want to be SUPER COOL!", then please leave. San Antonioans are not about fancy food y'all- we're about the eating. You don't get one of the fattest cities by just being trendy. The chicken friend steak is the bomb. The lunch special price is crazy, and the crowd can get pretty fierce at lunch, so do not come with your fifteen friends. I've tried the giant cinnamon roll and it's not my fave thing- the chicken friend steak and queso is what keeps me coming back. That, and it's down the street from my loft. Yikes.
<review# 42,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2011,11/25/2011,117,187,3,9,3>Really authentic Chinese food, I'd say this place ties with Kim Wah (the only other really authentic place in San Antonio).They have an American menu for the less adventurous, but if you want the best food Phoenix Cafe has to offer, you will want to order off the Chinese menu.Now, for the real issue at hand, the customer service.  What many people fail to realize is that the service is not trying to be rude or impatient, its just the ways things are done in many true asian places.  Go to any authentic asian place in any large Chinatown and, more often than not, you'll get much of the same service. It's not them being rude, its just how its done, its about efficiency.  I'd much rather have authentic food and efficient service than super friendly guy named Keith at PF Changs any day of the week.  Good :+ one of the most authentic chinese food places in town+ good prices+ dim sum is available any day of the weekBad :- service is not the warm, fuzzy style more Americans are accustomed to- can be a little hard to find for the unfamiliar
<review# 43,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2011,11/24/2011,372,222,8,7,8>Food - 4/5Service - 5/5Price - 1/5Atmosphere - 4/5Best Dish: Tom Yum soupWay over-priced. There is no denying that. Even their lunch specials are over 8 bucks. That's 2-3 dollars more than their competitors around town. But what you pay for is the GREAT service. Their food is average to above average. There are a few dishes that are very good (tom yum soup and pad see ewe), but there are also dishes that are way below par (spicy basil fried rice and their fried appetizers). So if you know what to order, you'll be satisfied with Thai Corner. I'm giving them 4 stars because they get an extra star for folding your straw covers into flowers. Call me a sucker, but I guess I really appreciate it when I know someone has put in the time and effort make their customers happy. Every little bit counts!Oh and they do pick up and delivery (phone or online). You know, for those lazy nights.
<review# 44,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2011,11/23/2011,72,119,1,4,2>We FINALLY made it to this place for a special event dinner. I'd heard it was special and didn't want to waste my first visit on just any night. We got there just as it opened, having heard that they didn't accept reservations. Turns out they do now, so I felt pretty glad to get a table despite not having one.The service throughout the evening was very attentive. The ambiance very laid back, but still upscale, which lends to a range of formality of attire with the diners. There were these "sticks"on the table as decoration I thought, but as I watched others, I figured out were homemade breadsticks and a nice touch. We were greeted with glasses of prosecco for the occasion--free of charge. We very much enjoyed the coursed meal and encouragement to share plates (without a split fee). We passed on what looked like a fabulous antipasto bar and dove straight into the market price margherita pizza. What a treat! The cheese could have been slightly better distributed,but the flavors were outstanding regardless. Next up was a cheesy gnocchi dish with peccorino that was made with semolina. The texture came out almost like a polenta which was surprising and very delish. We split a salad with pecans, mixed greens, peppers, and a lovely dressing that was all perfectly balanced. We chose a pasta dish with shrimp and a saffron sauce for the next course and were quite pleased with the combination of flavors and the light, but flavorful sauce. The housemade pasta was tender and a very interesting shape I'd not seen before. The Nutella tart for dessert was to die for--I can see why it was such a big hit at Le Reve. The vanilla ice cream was a great paring to the warm tart. Yet another use of one of the best spreads known to mankind. Il Sogno is definitely in the conversation when talking best restaurants in town. The prices are very affordable for the quality as well. With the improved seating due to reservations, I can easily see myself back here for a less formal dinner and will certainly head to the antipasto bar next visit.
<review# 45,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2011,11/22/2011,101,497,4,4,2>Chachos is one of those Mexican restaurants you go to because you're drunk or you truly enjoy the food. You don't really feel confident about the safety of the food handling but you don't care because its so cheap and tasty the good sense flies out the window. Its been around for years though so they are doing something right. This is a popular after bar spot to grab food and gets super packed. Some nights they have karaoke and bands jam. Good times at this location.Nachos, burritos, sweet tea, frozen jack and coke, cilantro ranch salsa and mango salsa is something you should try at least once.
<review# 46,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2011,11/21/2011,25,23,,6,5>Swanky little atmosphere shoved into a corner in Downtown San Antonio. If you are not too familiar with this city you are sure to miss this hidden treasure. The big heavy doors have a tinted glass which will allow you to feel a mystery of what rest on the other side. Once inside you step down onto a hard wood floor and the long bar drags your eyes quickly down and out of the room to a lite up patio with a sound of water falling from a fountain. Tall two-seater tables are evenly placed along the wall opposite of the bar. The Bar is lined with dark oak chairs with big pillow top cushions. The wall above the Bar is lined with wine. Beautifully displayed with a tall sliding ladder as if this was a library of wine. More seating is tucked away in another room that you can only get through by crossing through a break in the bar. Big lite up lantern balls dangle from the ceiling. Lounge chairs are arranged in a circle by the window near the patio. Four seater tables now fill this room with white table cloths and perfectly arranged silverware, napkins, and glasses. Now for the menu. We started the evening testing wines and an order of calamari that was to die for. I am big on seafood and I have to say I had not had calamari as good as this one. Juicy but not fishy. Breaded but not greasy. Spicy and surrounded by veggies with a spicy dipping sauce. We picked out a White Spanish wine called Laxas, which again best white wine I have found :) New favorite. For all you wine and seafood lovers, Laxas mixes beautifully. Not many wines mix with wine but this full bodied Spanish Wine is the answer. Not fruity nor dry.The menu had many choices and the prices were reasonable. In the end my father and I could not choose so we decided to get the two plates we both wanted and split them :)Portabella Patty Melt for me and Fish And Chips for him.Sounds unhealthy right?No.Patty melt was served without bread and yay no meat :) sweet spicy potato fries for the side. absolutely delicious.Ok so dads yes a little unhealthy but oh so good. Three huge tempura style pieces of talapia. Breaded but well worth the extra calories. Juicy not fishy yet again and served with regular fries. The appearance of each plate was arranged perfectly. Very well presented. Wait service was astounding. I was looking for a quiet unique fun place to take my dad out on a date and Zinc's was the best place I could have taken him. Everything was amazing.
<review# 47,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2010,11/20/2011,131,57,4,5,3>With a great view of Main Plaza - Poblanos is a great spot to grab lunch and people watch during the work week.  Very affordably priced, and fairly consistently yummy.  The Poblano enchiladas are delicious.  Good tortilla soup, decent breakfast tacos.If you work downtown, add Poblanos to your rotation for sure.
<review# 48,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2011,11/19/2011,176,153,1,6,3>Cascabel is a hidden gem tucked into a nondescript building on S St Marys across the street from Rosario's. They serve simple but very good interior Mexican food - no Tex-Mex at all. I was in for lunch yesterday for the first time in a while and had the chicken mole, which was very tasty. All the entrees come with a little bit of nopal salad, black beans with queso fresco, white rice and small house made corn tortillas. The huitlacoche quesadillas are also nice as are the huaraches and carnitas. One of my chilango friends told me once he thought this was the most authentic mexican food in SA - and having lived in Mexico when I was younger I completely agree.I've never been here for dinner but it is evidently BYOB...
<review# 49,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2010,11/18/2011,181,124,2,13,2>Heard alot about this place so the expectations were high. The place itself is well decorated but let's cut the chit chat and get the meat of the matter. I got the meat combo, which consisted of ground lamb kabab, chicken chunks, and lamb chunks. I found the lamb chunks to be a little on the dry side but not enough to deter me. The ground lamb kabab was the true treasure of the lot. The chicken was as good as chicken can be. Their hummus wasn't what I expected since it wasn't ground up but the chickpeas were more of a dish in itself.I took some sweets home and you definitely gotta get a few on your way out. At the end of the night, the owner rung us out and she's the sweetest person ever. I'll definitely be back!
<review# 50,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2011,11/17/2011,165,85,4,5,4>WHY I LOVE THIS PLACE-- Closer to authentic Mexican street food than your regular Tex-Mex joint-- Huge portions-- Served fast-- Great prices-- Open past midnight during the week and till 3 am on weekendsHOWEVER-- Solo se habla espanol, comprende?-- The salsa is spicier than you're probably used to-- No liquor license = no margaritas ni cerveza = que penaTry the gringas, 3 flour tortillas stuffed with your choice of meat (pastor, chicken, beef), cheese, sour cream avocado, and pico de gallo, and then grill-pressed.  $6.25 for three, and you'll probably take one home.
<review# 51,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2011,10/7/2011,383,299,15,17,15>Satisfying and scrumptious is what I thought of when I took a bite from the food at Dough. Once again, a Food Network recommendation has lived up to its expectations by introducing viewers all around the country to this hidden pizzeria in San Antonio, Texas.Let me start off by talking about the Rollatini at Dough. You must get this appetizer because it is something new and different from anything you have ever tasted. It is one of the most refreshing and enjoyable appetizers I have ever eaten. The Rollatini is a mozzarella roll filled with several ingredients and is topped with fine crushed black pepper and some zesty orange peel. The zest of the orange perfectly compliments and adds a subtle hint of sweetness to contrast with the other flavors in the Rollatini. It is served on a bed of spring mix and a lemon wedge which all ties the dish in together. The garlic bread is soft and has the just right amount of crunch you look for. It is served with the Rollatini and is seasoned nicely, a perfect to item to eat with the appetizer. The bread is baked in the brick oven as well which gives it that crunch.As for the pizza, I ordered the Pork Love. For all you meat lovers, this is the pizza to get. But, keep in mind, it's not the traditional kind of meat toppings you find at your typical pizza delivery place that we all have become accustomed to. The quality of the meat is more fresh and savory. The crust on the pizza is definitely one of my favorites I've had. It's not too thin or too thick, but just right. It is bakes nicely in the brick oven. The cheese is rich and savory which compliments to the overall quality of the pizza.Some criticism I have about the pizza was that the cheese and meat weren't mixed in equally. Some slices had more cheese and some had more meat (not a big deal at all). Also, the pizza came out kind of warm. I would have liked it to be a little bit more hotter so the meat and cheese could have had that sizzle I like when eating a pizza.Overall, a great location, a friendly and attentive staff, and a outdoor patio option to eat makes this place on my new favorites. One reason I'm giving the place 4/5 stars is for 2 reasons - 1) it is a little pricey for the portion of food you get. 2) the pizza was served kind of cold. But if you ever get that paycheck or bonus, this is a great place to treat out your family, friends and even fellow Yelpers, like me!
<review# 52,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2011,10/6/2011,169,43,3,6,6>While we were driving our Mazda RX8 on the freeway, it was running smoothly and nothing seemed to be wrong with it until we got off the freeway and stopped at a red light. While we were at a complete stop the car turned off out of no where and we were trying so hard to start it again before the light turned green. Unfortunately the car wouldn't start and we were holding up so much traffic, it was soooo embarrassing! Luckily for us a cop came up behind us and he had used his car to push us to the nearest parking lot to get us out of the way so we wouldn't hold up traffic, but while he was doing that his car was scratching our back bumper! After that we had no one to call and didn't know what else to do because it was already around 10:00pm. We were already so frustrated, annoyed, and hopeless, until we called Powerstroke Towing. Robert was very understanding and professional and showed up in reasonable timing. Once he arrived on the scene, he seemed to be very knowledgeable experienced in what he was doing and the equipment he was using, and got us out of the parking lot in no time. During the drive to our destination, he was very friendly and informative. He even gave us a lot of helpful advice for the situation we were in. Plus, he gave us a reasonable deal on the price. If i was ever to be in this situation again, Powerstroke Towing would absolutely be the first number I would call for help. They are definitely the company to call if your having problems with your vehicle and need a tow. Without a doubt, I would recommend this company to anyone who is in need of roadside assistance.
<review# 53,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2011,10/5/2011,96,305,4,7,5>It's becoming harder and harder to write generic yelp reviews for establishments like these because, well, everything great that needs to be said about the place has already been said to hell and back.so at the risk of sounding repetitive and/or redundant, I highly recommend any foodie to take a bite of schilo's reuben or their jaegerschnitzel with their amazing split pea soup. and maybe wash it down with a bottle of warsteiner or spaten. it'll all make sense to you then.
<review# 54,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2011,10/4/2011,43,53,4,9,7>I agree with Jeff K., pure nostalgia is the perfect description.  It's like stepping back into the 60's and sitting at the counter on one of the mismatched stools with "grandma" making you a burger, her way.  I almost missed the place because it is in a very non-descript building without a sign on it (it kind of looked closed) and I arrived at 11:15 am to peer in the window to see if I was in the right place.  The lady, who was wiping down the counter, shouted, "open at 11:30!".  So, I will wait :).  Even though I was here first, I didn't manage to get in the door first.  Folks who, by the conversations going on, had been regular customers here for years, had ordered their 2-10 burgers all the way, which consists of a sprinkle of salt, a dollop of mustard, a fingerfull of chopped onions, and a small ladle of her "secret" sauce (only secret because I didn't dare ask what it was) and you could have it with or without cheese.  I ordered 7 medium burgers but I don't really think there was a difference in size as the lady just grabbed a handful of meat out of a bag and threw it on the grill and, with a certain finess that comes from doing the same thing over & over for year after year, smashed it with her handy spatula.   She would then get as many buns on the grill to toast as would fit.  She had a system down & began to crank them out.  She didn't write down orders, she just cranked them out with perfect recall.  When she figured out how much you owed, it was written (in pencil) right on the formica countertop and she looked up the tax on her tax rate card (haven't seen those in forever!).  Folks would toss down the total plus extra for a "tip".  I noticed that it was always several dollars over what she was charging, and why not, I got 7 burgers, 2 with cheese for $7.65!  She left money laying on the counter and would go back to the grill.  I, too, left additonal dollars.  The burgers were good, not necessarily the best I've ever had but the sureal experience of Joe's was worth a 5-star review on it's own.  One guy came in & said, "are you still too cheap to buy tomatoes?!"  She replied, "You know I am but if you bring your own, I'll cut them for you."  He promptly headed out to his truck to get the tomatoes.  The lady, (I think her name was Pauline), carried on conversations with the customers about what her Mama used to say.  I think her mama is the one who started Joes Hamburgers about a million years ago!  All I can say is, go visit Joes and get a good, cheap burger and an experience that you won't see anywhere else.
<review# 55,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2011,10/3/2011,1439,1280,7,10,9>I like this place; however, it gets full quick.  There's not a lot of space - so maybe a note for OP: get a 2nd location like this so more of us can enjoy your goodies.  :)The first time I went, I was stuck.  I couldn't figure out what to order.  Maybe that's because the screen was on the blitz and I was looking at a monitor that was turned off.  Yeah... that could do it.  BUT when I informed the guy at the counter of my dilemma, he immediately chimed in, "Oh yeah!  I'm SO sorry!  Our monitor's out; however, I can give you some suggestions...?"  He went over a few of their specials but this day was especially hot out so I opted for a cold mango smoothie.  Very yummy!  I ordered a biscotti to accompany my order and hung out reading a few mags until I was ready to face the sun again.  Hip, trendy and a bit different from Starbucks.  I think what really got me about this place was that it was tucked away... Yeah... I think I like that!::: (\_(\*: (=' :') :**.. (,(")(")°..*`»
<review# 56,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2010,10/2/2011,204,426,3,14,5>Y'all, if you are reading this review perhaps you are considering using Folawn's for a spa service or maybe purchasing a service as a gift.Gotta tell ya, this is the place to be.I came here for a spa day via Groupon and was thrilled with my mani/pedi and blow out.  The massage was okay and the facial was relaxing, but left me wanting to book a full one complete with extractions!  Yeah!I was recently left appointmentless with my regular hair guy and set up a visit at Fowlan's for partial highlights - I'm thrilled and I think you would be too.Cool atmosphere, drinks offered upon entry, up to date magazines available for reading and quality, animal friendly beauty products for purchase.On one visit, I saw a private luncheon with ladies munching on salads and wine, waiting for their appointments to begin.  What an awesome party, please add me to that invitation list!The prices for services and prouducts are just right and remeber that the only gratuity they request is that you recommend Fowlan's to friends. The place is a gem.  Thanks for the discount tips Pim S.!
<review# 57,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2011,9/30/2011,84,125,1,2,1>What a great place if you have kids, know someone who has kids or are just a big kid yourself. I went here with my brother, sister in law and two nieces. It's a great place for families to gather and groups to meet up. The menu is simple but delicious and thank goodness for all the beverage choices! With all those kids running around a cold beer sure does the trick. There is plenty of space for the little ones to run around in. Just an FYI... watch your step.
<review# 58,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2011,9/29/2011,60,50,,3,5>It is awesome that The Daughters of the Republic have been able to preserve this historic building, yet sad that some of the building was destroyed to widen the streets in San Antonio! It is very interesting to go and learn about the Alamo and to really see it! That includes if you are a local like me! They give out free tours every now and then and the Alamo closes by 5m every day! I hope that anyone who is interested in going can go! They should go it is a great learning experience as well as a wonderful fun time with the family and friends!
<review# 59,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2011,9/28/2011,85,159,2,3,3>The more I visit The Cove, the more I Iike it.  I introduced a friend to their outdoor patio and their tasty menu.  We each got a salad to battle the Texas heat.  The smokey spinach salad with grilled chicken and avocado and their mixed green salad with beets, toasted walnuts, and goat cheese were both winners.  Both salads were fresh, crisp, and each offered a variety of flavors and textures to satisfy the taste buds.  The menu has changed a little bit in the past two weeks or so (lamb burger is in, hummus is out, etc...) but it is nice to change things up once in a while to keep regulars happy.  Keep this place in mind when there is not a cloud in the sky and you want a satisfying lunch at a good price.
<review# 60,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2011,9/27/2011,108,275,2,3,3>Great happy hour!  Came for the firstime with some co-workers and immediately liked the atmosphere.  A little dark on the inside, but still lends to a cozy feel.  Over the bar is a structure of what looks like a whale skeleton .... actually pretty cool.  Just take a minute to look around when you walk through the doors (after your eyes adjust from the Texas sun that is) and take it in.The happy hour menu is quite decent - had the $5 margarita and shared several appetizers with the gals.  The calamari was good and so was the brie with toasted bread.  Oysters were great (hmmm, seems as I've been having a lot of oysters recently)...Definitely will be coming back when my boyfriend is in town or for another happy hour hit up with the girls :-)
<review# 61,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2012,1/29/2013,101,497,6,12,6>I'm a little mad at the world right now, mostly myself, but why didn't anyone tell me the Litte Hipps chef was running Timbo's?! I mean seriously, and why have they been open for all these years and I am just now eating here!? For those of you who have failed as I have and not come here on a weekly basis for the ham and tomato shy pokes (drool) and the amazing, amazing, AHHHMAZING burgers, do it now. Like NOW, NOW.
<review# 62,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2013,1/28/2013,53,201,6,8,8>I came to Old Smokehouse recently with a friend who is a big fan of the BBQ here. Being someone who's grown up around a BBQ pit I was very skeptical about all of her hype. Especially since I don't care for a lot of San Antonio's favorite BBQ spots, (Bill Miller's, Rudy's) I was hesitant to even try this place. This was the 4th or 5th time she suggested we dine at Old Smokehouse so we made the trip, I ordered a Pork Shoulder and Brisket Plate with Beans and Coleslaw. Everything was flavorful and cooked perfectly. I have to say that I was surprised and pleased to taste this brisket that tasted like something that was made in the backyard at home rather than something mass produced. Top Notch BBQ can be found at Old Smokehouse, and my other San Antonio BBQ pick Smoke Shack. Give it a try, you'll be happy you did.
<review# 63,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2012,1/27/2013,67,174,3,9,3>Vbar is located within Hotel Valencia near the riverwalk.  To me it felt upscale without being stuffy... I don't think there's a dress code, but it is the ambiance that maintains a mature crowd.The company we were with have long been patrons of the Vbar, and as such the bartender fixed up a charcuterie plate just for us that is not offered on the menu but comprises a little of everything that they offer at the bar.  It had fantastic (I am guessing Greek?) bright green olives, salami, thick sliced ham, bleu cheese, smoked gouda, strawberries, grapes, brie, pickled peppers (some variety other than the peperocini), spinach chorizo, and my new favorite cheese, Azores flores.Besides the beautiful charcuterie platter, there was also a wonderful semi-spicy "chip mix" that was like a mix between a savory chex mix and ghardettos.The drinks here will put you under the table if you are not careful.  Perhaps its the quality of the alcohol they were using in the mixed drinks, but I usually do not like my drinks that strong and like the flavor/sweetness to overpower the alcohol... somehow he made these drinks taste divine.  I am usually a two drinks and done kind of gal, which means I should have stopped at one vodka tonic, but I also asked the bar tender to fix me a sweet drink... to this day I have no idea what he served me, but it was based on vodka and had hints of red bull, pineapple, and cherry in it.  Delicious.This is a great bar for catching up with friends.  I felt the music was just at the right level for us to keep a conversation going.
<review# 64,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2013,1/26/2013,60,309,2,14,9>Sometimes when your just walking out of one business that you intended to visit, a newly opened business catches your eye.  Being a bit skeptic about going in because it resides where another Asian restaurant use to be that I did not find good at all after visiting twice to make sure it was a fluke the first time.  But it was a bad place.    Well this is brand new owners, great management.    Walking in the decor is simple, not coated with the typical Asian influence photos on the wall and nick nacks nailed everywhere.      The server approached me very professionally and welcomed me.  He said they had just took over the area and everything was brand new, and it shows.  A nicely laid out sushi bar lines the back wall with a full beverage bar to the right.  Booths are alone the other walls and nice positioned tables through out the floor.  The space is well utilized and with the soft lighting, the mood is set right to enjoy a delicious experience.  I told him to surprise me, his call.  He asked if I was hungry for a soup and sushi and I agreed.  So I was given a really nice Seafood Udon soup (photo).  Very tasty and done with a nice amount of ingredients.  Overall this is perhaps some of the best flavored Udon soup I have ever had without the high sodium taste.   Next he brought out the Volcano Roll (photo).  I had to ask the manager how to eat it due to its unique presentation that I have never see before.  I will just say if you are into new things that WOW you.   Try this Volcano Roll, I don't want to spoil the flavor surprise so I will just say ORDER THIS.    My food was great and my pot of hot green tea was a perfect addition.   The manager sat with me for awhile and she discussed the business and I spoke of my love for food.   Next time I go to visit she wants to introduce me to new menu items that I may have never thought of trying.  I am looking forward to this visit.   When you visit, Tell Em' Touchet sent ya..
<review# 65,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2012,1/25/2013,76,65,2,3,4>My husband and I love this tavern.  We went for the first time a couple of weeks ago and were pleasantly surprised by the decor and waitstaff.  To explain further, we are not huge Riverwalk fans -- but this place is very nice.  They have the longest bar in Texas and a jalapeno burger that is yummo!  Also, try the fried beets, they are very unique.  The first time we came for the food and we didn't drink.  We sat in a cozy booth at the back of the restaurant for a perfect date night after seeing a show at the Majestic Theater.  The second time we wanted to try the drinks they are known for -- forget the beer here.  The drinks were outstanding.  Amazingly fresh and good.  Johnny, the bartender provided stellar customer service.  My husband ordered a drink with jalapenos and he said it's the best drink he's ever had -- that's saying alot coming from his hilbilly foo-foo self.   :-)  Be warned cocktails are about $10 a piece but you don't get bland, stale sour mixes -- it's all fresh and delicious.  The drinks are all hand made so it takes a few minutes but it's worth it.  Check it out for a great date night.
<review# 66,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2012,1/24/2013,9,40,10,5,4>Chef Quealy could run a special on curried rhino sphincter with soju-glazed durian, and I'd order it. And probably love it.Hot Joy is a sort of alternate universe Monterey with (often tongue-in-cheek) Asian influences. Yes, you can get Chinese Broccoli and General Tso's, but don't expect it to be what you've had elsewhere. As with the Monty, go with an open mind. I strongly recommend the Chicken wings w/ Crab fat caramel & the Tiger Salad. Try the specials too, especially if goat or oxtail are involved.
<review# 67,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2012,1/23/2013,64,132,3,7,3>I don't understand how Thai Cafe manages to pull off this amazing Thai food buffet style. I usually steer clear of anything that resembles your traditional "Asian buffet," but I was in the area, my friend had about 45 minutes to eat lunch before getting back to work, and Thai cafe had decent yelp reviews. The building itself I think may have been an old chicken joint, but they jazzed it up a bit with about 20 2-4 top tables and white linen table clothes. The place still has an unmistakable mom & pop vibe, but at $9.96 for all you can eat, amazingly good Thai food, you can deal with it. Plus it is kind of nice.They have a policy that I have never run into before, but that I appreciate. "Take what you eat and eat what you take." From my understanding, if you leave food on your plate then you will pay an extra charge. This I imagine is to discourage people from taking things they will not eat, keep costs down, which is probably how they are able to pull this off. I appreciate it because I am appalled at how much food is wasted at most buffets. Plus, hey if you are trying to be modest..I mean..they are MAKING me eat everything on my plate. :) :)  Everything I tried was delicious. EVERYTHING. I want to go back and try more of the soups. My major recommendation for Thai cafe is to put labels on the food. This is a great place for someone to try a little bit of everything, but without labels, who knows what it's called.
<review# 68,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2013,1/22/2013,118,76,6,9,6>Been to Chicago-love the hotdogs! Been to New York-love the hot dogs! Been to San Antonio, LOVED the hotdogs! Way to go Pugel's for making my hotdog dreams come true, one half foot at a time!!!This new restaurant located in the small shopping center adjacent to Walgreens, was worth the trek on an early Tuesday evening.  Not very busy (but this was expected, they just recently opened) but walking in with the Laker game playing (woot woot woot) and serving me some super fresh and delicious hotdogs really rocked my world.We ordered the Chicago Dog, Chili Dog and the Swiss dog, plus two drinks and some fries. Delicious.  The fries were definitely made in house as were the gratis baked beans that were brought to our table! Thank you!! They were amazing and next time I will be purchasing them!The staff was incredibly friendly and as a bonus our food came out fairly quickly.A simple no frills hotdog joint- you go in, you order, you eat!!All in all a great experience, the only downfall is the price, which is a bit higher than what I prefer to pay for a hotdog... over $3.50 per dog and .49 cents for add ons.  But is it worth a try?? I'd definitely say so!TIP: They do take out!! Saw a guy in front of me that called in an order and he was out in a flash!!
<review# 69,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2012,1/21/2013,65,158,2,2,2>If you are looking for a venue that hollers Texas- you've found your place.Located in beautiful Spring Branch, the event facility is about 30 minutes away from San Antonio.  As you drive on their private road, you pass beautiful fields with grazing Longhorn cattle.  A few rustic buildings provide additional ambience.  There is a  good-sized paved parking lot to accommodate many guests.I have been to this venue for two fundraisers for the Opera.  We were warmly greeted at the large barn by a roping cowboy and a tame Longhorn steer.  A relaxed patio worked well for cocktails and registration.As we entered the spacious barn, we marveled at the huge picnic tables covered with cow hides.  The rough-hewn wood barn provided just the right ambience for the "Opera on the Ranch" fundraisers.  The single room was large enough for all of the guests plus a large silent auction area.  Before our delicious BBQ dinner, we were entertained by with gun and roping tricks.Definitely a true taste of Texas!
<review# 70,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2012,1/19/2013,84,393,2,3,6>Lunch here is so good now that cold weather has arrived.  The sandwiches are served on fluffy french bread, and with choice of soup or salad.  The french onion rivals that of a great steak restaurant here in the city.  There is a small selection of baked goods at the front.  There is also a vegetarian sandwich that only runs around $5 (with soup!) at lunch.  The only reason for not giving 5 stars would be lack of sweet tea and no small pastry in the lunch bag.
<review# 71,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2011,9/16/2011,144,109,,3,2>This is a great place. The employees are knowledgeable, passionate and friendly. They have free wine tastings and snacks on Tuesday evenings. Sometimes they bring out the high end wines and spirits from 11am-5pm for the Saturday tastings. Jason Dady's DUK Truck has been know to show up on Saturdays to feed the hungry, wine-filled masses. What really impresses me about Saglimbeni's is that they have wines and spirits for every price range. Sure, they have the "private cellar" and you can visit the back room with $300 bottle from 2005 (I wish my personal value increased that fast), but they also have really great bottles for $10. And, when there is a tasting, you get a discount on anything in the store including the gourmet foods they carry.
<review# 72,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2011,9/15/2011,38,493,,5,6>My wife and I loved the vibe of this place.  It's an old pharmacy and still has the lunch counter.  Before the band played, great jazz was on the sound system.  Their beer and wine selection is great.  Food is good--the people we were with both complimented the fish, and my wife and I enjoyed our sandwiches.  My wife, who is picky about her mac and cheese, raved about the Olmo Bharamcy version.Later, the place got crowded (but not too crowded) and a terrific live blues band performed.  I wish the two businesses (bar and restaurant) could coordinate their orders--you get two bills and need to pay separately, which is strange.  Our bill made me laugh--$15 for food and $39 for drinks. Check it out.  The Bharmacy is a casual, comfortable spot for comfort food, good beer and solid music.
<review# 73,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2011,9/14/2011,91,43,3,6,4>Sometimes the best way to tell how good a restaurant can be is to be there when things don't go according to plan. I'd driven past Tycoon Flats at least a million times since moving to San Antonio. OK, maybe that's a bit hyperbolic but it's a reasonable gauge of how long I've ignored this staple of St. Mary's Street and I feel like a right jackass for doing so.I finally stopped there yesterday & I now regret having not done so sooner.When we rolled in the wait & kitchen staff were knee deep in battle with about 200 ninjas. Sorry, more hyperbole. OK, they were karate students, about 75 deep with parents & siblings. The joint was jumping. Fortunately for my sanity the ninja party was taking up residence in the restaurant's outdoor  area. Still it was a very busy time for the folks focused on taking care of their customers. Much to their credit they were very up front with us. After taking our drink order the waitress told us that it would be at least 10 minutes before she she could take our order due to the on-going ninja insurrection. We were in no rush so we took it in stride. She did bring out some chips & salsa to help tide things over. Both were excellent. I'm not certain but I think they make their own tortilla chips. They were as good as it gets. We were eventually able to order & I was not disappointed. I had the half pound "Piggy Piggy" burger with a couple of slices of bacon. In my book it's always a good start when you have to cut the burger in half to tackle it. My first bite backed up that theory. So many layers of flavor. From the perfect crispness on the bacon to the tangy Creole mustard & chipotle mayo, it was a festival of flavor. The highlight of course being the burger itself. Perfectly charred. A little crumbly without being dry. So many levels of deliciousness. For the side I went with the mix of fries. Traditional & sweet potato. They were both great. So good I never thought about soiling them with ketchup. If forced to choose one I'd go with a full order of the sweet potato fries next time. They were amazing.I'm nor sure if it was the manager or owner that actually delivered our meal but he was extremely apologetic about the delay, which was very appreciated, though not entirely necessary. Because when your product is good enough, the wait isn't so bad.
<review# 74,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/25/2010,9/13/2011,190,445,5,5,5>This is the prettiest place on earth. Decadent and sexy. Ive been in San Antonio for 4 months now and this is my vote for Best Place to make an impression. Anniversary, Date night, girls night,birthday party, popping the question..this is the place. Thats just the decor. The food is perfect..Mushroom ravioli app was brothy and al dente..it should be no other way but many places manage to boil past al dente. I had the Seared Yellowfin tuna and it was divine.The noodles which accompanied it were too salty and unedible and I explained to the server that it was just not my taste. Moments later a french man.. not sure if he' the owner or manager approached our table and he apologized profusely and with humor. He had in fact sampled the noodles and was mortified.. they had been over reduced which had cause the extreme saltiness. For that he not only removed my entree from our check he sent us two glasses of champagne. BEST customer service ever. My friend had Coco's Individual Lime Pie and by the noises she was making.. it was seemingly orgasmic. Trust me this girl never oohs and ahhs over her food.. so it must have been When Harry Met Sally good!This place is as I said is quite swanky and I felt hideous there in a sweater and jeans.. not because anyone made me feel that way.. but the place is just too pretty.. I didnt feel I was paying it the respect it deserved. All it needed was snowfall outside to make it the perfect pre Christmas eve..eve.
<review# 75,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2010,9/12/2011,109,306,,5,3>This was a super cool bar. I went on a Wednesday night and it was fairly full. It was slightly difficult to find which is pretty cool - that's the allure of it all. I don't think I had one regular drink. I had pumpkin spice beer, strawberry infused vodka, poblano and lemon tequila - it was insane what this small bar had to offer! I really love the atmosphere and I've NEVER experienced such nice bartenders. They were awesome. Normally in the Stone Oak area you encounter some pretty pretentios/pompous bartenders for some reason but they were not even close to that. I really enjoyed the live music, also. I think I might have found my new hang-out! :) Yay!
<review# 76,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2010,9/11/2011,117,187,1,5,3>After many great reviews, recommendations, and driving past it on my morning commute, I finally decided to stop in.Two words, "GAME CHANGER".  Although I've only had the giant Jalapeno/Cheese (and sausage) kolache and the spinach/cheese pastry (and sampled the pumpkin bread) thus far, I can tell this is the sort of place I'll be frequenting (much to my dietician's chagrin).Everything looked and smelled fresh, the people were congenial, knowledgable, and helpful.  The layout is competent and the kitchen was abuzz with activity (I went around 0700).While I was put off by the price of some of the items, the taste, texture, and size was more than fair (everything seems a large at this place, but oh so delicious).Good :+ tasty, tasty treats+ nice staff+ excellent selectionBad :- puts me in the precarious position to choose between eating healthy or indulging in their tasty, tasty treats- could be considered pricey, but def worth it to splurge once in a while
<review# 77,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2011,9/10/2011,23,109,3,3,4>Unlucky me:  My mixed breed dog acquired the sort of eye disorder usually reserved for purebreds, and her surgeon is up in Stone Oak.  Lucky me:  I get to experiment with some new restaurants.  My friend and I decided to meet up at Auden's Kitchen for lunch, and apparently a lot of other people had the same idea.  We enjoyed the cozy vibe and the attentive service.  The menu is fun; it takes the whimsical comfort food angle that I'm usually a sucker for.  By and large, though, the food was enjoyable, but not particularly memorable.  I am a mushroom and truffle fiend, so if I feel like your (purportedly best on the menu) mushroom and truffle pizza is only "meh," there's definitely room for improvement.  The crust was perfectly crispy, but somehow the pizza managed to be bland.  I did love the beetroot salad with feta and pistachios, which is why I think I will end up here again (assuming, of course, that the canine surgery doesn't bankrupt me).  The menu is fairly extensive, so I have hope that there are some great things on there that we didn't get a chance to try.
<review# 78,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2011,9/9/2011,220,318,2,5,4>I can't believe I haven't reviewed Spec's! My dad lives in Houston, so I've known about the bunny's tricks for a while, and was happy to learn we'd be getting one in the San Antonio area.quick sum-up: Target : Wal-Mart :: Spec's : Gabriel'sThe Spec's target market is a little more high-end, as the frozen food case displays (if you haven't looked, go see it!), as does the cheese and olive selection, the beer selection, and the ratio of glass to plastic bottles in the liquor aisles.But Spec's is also kinda hipster. The last time I visited Spec's, I was in the mood for pink [sparkling wine]. Our knowledgable helper didn't scowl; he practically skipped to show us the best stuff, then asked, "wait - are we wanting to enjoy it, or just get hammered?" after which he also showed us the best bang for the mixing buck (and the best tricks for turning bargain sparkling wine into a delicious cocktail for a dance party).I guess, in the end, Spec's is like a worldly brother or sister who knows all the good stuff (on the high AND low ends), who enthusiastically wants to help you be cool, too.I kinda love it for that.
<review# 79,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2011,9/8/2011,13,64,2,2,2>I've been there a couple of times with co-workers who denied my TGI-Fridays suggestion (hey- I'm still new to SA and don't know much).  Haha.  I was happy with this substitute.  The first time I ordered the gyro wrap.  I found it tasty but I still prefer the gyro at Mina and Dimi's.  More recently I got the chicken schwarma wrap.  That was much much better and will probably be my regular order from now on.  The chicken was really juicy and was wrapped up with some yummy tomatoes and pickled vegetables that added some great flavor and crunch.  I did ask for a side of their garlic sauce, and added that to my wrap, and that made such a delicious difference.  The wrap came with a salad that had a tangy dressing and feta cheese, and was fine.  My friends agreed that sun dried tomatoes would make it much better.  The portions are generous.  I had just half the wrap and salad for lunch and took the rest home with me.  For about $10, I got about two lunch-time portions for me.  The fresh naan is great.
<review# 80,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2011,9/7/2011,72,119,3,8,6>Brunch here is pretty amazing. The service is great and the bottomless mimosas and champagne are truly that, as the staff is very attentive despite the masses they are able to seat and serve on a given Sunday. The spread varies of course, but you can count on some Mexican- or Southwestern-style eggs, all the standard breakfast meats, some salad options presented in fun ways... you know, the usual. But looking over the spread, you find all sorts of well-worth-the-price upscale items, like a charcuterie spread, raw seafood tower, and carpaccio presented in single servings on very natural rock-looking tiles. With all that goodness around, you almost forget that you can still order custom omelets from the kitchen!Head down a "level" and you'll find the sweets, where all sorts of breakfast pastries abound. You won't have to look hard to see the line for crepes, which are made to order by a CIA student chef. Great practice for sure because the line stays packed. On our visit, the crepes were featured in a bananas foster that was very decadent and well-balanced. If you ever need a treat for any Sunday morning accomplishment or havw out-of-towners to impress, this is the place to head.
<review# 81,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2012,10/28/2012,125,331,4,8,4>This place has definitely got to be put on your "out of the way" places to eat.  It's out in Schertz nestled just off of IH-35 and FM 3009 and well worth the drive.  My favorite burger is the Selma Speed Trap - it's a cheeseburger topped with a fried egg and chicken fried bacon - that's right folks, I said chicken fried bacon!  WOW - this burger really pops!  Speaking of poppin', you have got to try the Punk Potatoes - home fries, bacon, chives, cheddar, pepperjack, CBQ's signature beer cheese sauce - kinda like an exploding baked potato.Their pulled pork sandwich is also exceptional - I could go on and on about the other items on their menu, but then this would be too long to read.  Git out there and try it fer yerself!  ;-)
<review# 82,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2012,10/27/2012,285,293,5,9,8>My new favorite restaurant - cool decor, fun location, always delicious food. It's all small plate style, so make sure you're ready to share your food. And the prices are super reasonable. I like nice food, but I also like nice food at decent prices.The food changes frequently, so I'll just say that I've never had a bad dish here. I always like to order the standbys of french fries and yukon golds. The brunch is amazing and has special drinks besides the standard ones.I love this place!
<review# 83,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2012,10/26/2012,157,156,3,5,3>If you're not looking closely, you'll never notice this place. Really. The name is quite fitting. I came here to celebrate a coworker's upcoming nuptials. I had a lot of fun here.People make interesting song choices after a few beers. Since the drinks are reasonably priced  you won't have any problems convincing people to have a few. Or many.There are plenty of tables and chairs so seating is not a problem. If you come early you won't have parking issues either.
<review# 84,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2012,10/25/2012,50,82,3,6,5>The first thing I wanted to eat when I got off the plane in San Antonio was some sort of BBQ. I found this place on my Yelp app; thanks guys! Seriously, you haven't tried pulled pork until you've been here. It was SO GOOD. I also got coleslaw and spicy corn as sides. The spicy corn is delicious and has the right amount of spice. Everyone there was friendly and to my surprise, they take credit card! I was a little sketched out at first since it was in a random parking lot and a wooden trailer, but it was probably much better than trying BBQ at a chain restaurant. Yum!
<review# 85,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2012,10/24/2012,31,144,4,11,8>Okay you have to love a place where the Chef comes out and shakes your hand.  So we are sitting and Chef Waldo came out and immediately made us feel welcome. The menu is not extensive, but we were undecided as it was not our typical meal.  So as we were undecided, Chef Waldo took the lead.  Our first course was a tamale cooked in corn husks.  I was worried about this as I have had it previously in another restaurant and it was gooey.  This was not the case here.  The maize (spelling?) was perfect.  The pork on the inside was very flavorful and complemented the Maize perfectly.  The next course was the Ceviche.  He has been written up a few times on  this item and it was well deserved.  It was so flavorful.  You could taste lemon and lime and some other flavor note that was creamy.  The sauce was so yummy that upon prodding from the Chef my husband drank the sauce and had a big old smile on his face after.  Within the sauce was some very sweet corn and to the side were a few sweet potatoes.  Everything complemented and left you wanting more.For Dinner we had a plate of Chicken, Pork. Plantains black beans and rice.  The pork was so flavorful and just fell apart.  I was extremely impressed as generally I feel pork is dry.  But in this case i almost did not want to share.  The chicken was also very good, but I just loved the pork so much more.  To end the meal Chef Waldo sent out his Flan which has a cinnamon flavor and again he nailed the texture.  In general I do not like flan, but his flan made a fan of me - at least for me and my husbandWe were there on a groupon and spent more than the groupon as he did the ordering and we had no clue what we were getting.  But it was only over about 20$ and the experience was definitely worth more than that.Chef Waldo has trained with the Iron Chef and Hells Kitchen Staff and the proof of that is in the flavor combinations within his dish.  He stated that the restaurant is his dream and you can tell he puts his heart and soul into the meal and how he treats his customers.Ben and I really enjoyed our visit and look forward to the next time we venture into Chef Waldo's domain.Eat well
<review# 86,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2012,10/23/2012,99,428,2,2,3>I used to go to Clark high school (which is directly across the street from this gem) and a few times a week I would get a banana chocolate chip muffin with a coffee. Of course, I'd try other things too - but that was my favorite. The staff was always helpful and friendly. They would run out early in the morning so by the afternoon they didn't have much, I'm not sure if this has changed because it's been a few months since I came here but it's always been one of my favorite bakeries.
<review# 87,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2012,10/22/2012,106,165,2,5,6>On my first visit, I became a fan as soon as I bit into the fish tacos.I had bought these for my son and was skeptical since the fish was fried.  Boy, was I mistaken!  They were delish!  The cole slaw topping along with the chipotle mayo brought it all together.And their Pier 67 fries...my god...I thought I had had some good fries until I tried these heavenly morsels that are sprinkled with lime juice and their own Pier 67 seasonings.I also had their smoked tuna and shrimp ceviche.  Wow!  Who would've thunk!  In additon to the protein, it has avocado, cole slaw and their own chipotle sauce.  You have to try these!
<review# 88,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2012,10/21/2012,15,24,2,5,4>Was pleasantly surprised by this new craft beer locale! From the moment I walked up, I smiled.  Immediately you see that there is an outdoor patio area that is easily accessibly from the main bar area. Open, airy feeling makes for a great destination when we actually get beautiful weather in SA. Very extensive list of beers available and the draft selection is great as well and provides alot of options/versatility.Also has a "beer club" option that offers "better" perks than the other bars in town offering the same type of club.  And I haven't even mentioned my favorite part! While the bar does not serve beer, they have a catered menu. Select restaurants from the shopping center will actually deliver food to your exact seat in the bar. How can you not love that???
<review# 89,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2012,10/20/2012,53,201,2,3,2>As a Belgian in Texas I love it here. This place allows me to enjoy my culture, while still realizing your in San Antonio because you'll most likely have to walk a ways from your car to get there in the blazing heat! If it's you're first trip to La Frite Belgian Bistro there is absolutely nothing that is more important than trying the Moules, or Mussels for you non french speaking folks. You must order them the traditional Belgian way Marinieres. They are served with Frites (Fries) and they are amazing! They have a good happy hour here. As far as I know this is the only bar in San Antonio you can get Kwak and Leffe, which of course makes it the best beer bar in town.
<review# 90,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2012,10/19/2012,5,21,3,6,4>This place is a small family owned Moroccan restaurant. They have very good food for a reasonable price. My husband and I went there for a low-key dinner. Wanted to try something new. This place was a hit for us. We had the mint-tea, great! We had soup and Moroccan hummus, which was very good. We then ate the meat combo, their lamb is the bomb, and then lamb shank with almonds and prunes. Delicious. Such interesting flavor! The meat fell right off the bone. The staff was very accommodating and friendly. We had a great time. I was expecting a little more eating with the hands style dishes, but we were not disappointed. We will be back there for sure! Tea for two, two appetizers and two entrees, our bill was less than $50 with tip, not too shabby for dinner.
<review# 91,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2014,11/27/2014,76,65,3,7,5>We visited on a crisp, cool Saturday morning -- Nov. 1.  This was not too long after their initial opening.  The place is owned by a couple and we met the female half.  She was very helpful with explaining all they have to offer and how each coffee is made (I needed a review).  They also sell pastries from a local bakery and have Buddha's Brew Kombucha on tap from Austin.  This was a nice surprise.  The place has a very friendly feel and the owner shared some history of the houses on the block which are the Frost mansions (The man that owned the bank).  Supposedly they are haunted but, who knows?  It's a nice place in our neighborhood we will be visiting again.   The coffee was delicious and made with care.  Perfect for a quiet read or a small outing to chit chat.
<review# 92,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2014,11/26/2014,94,341,3,4,4>So so good. AND great customer service. They have fantastic pan dulce but also offer sandwiches, loaves of fresh baked bread, European style cakes/dessert and great coffee. They use premium ingredients so this isn't the lard laden stuff I grew up with and will cost you a little more but is tootally worth it. Not that there's anything wrong with lard ;).
<review# 93,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2014,11/25/2014,224,205,10,17,14>45 mins to make my take out order?  No problem!  It'll take me about that long to drive from my house on the NE side of town anyways.Plus, we're used to the routine.  We know everything is made to order & takes time.  My hubs & I usually go to their Starcrest Drive location.  But the owner had to close it for a few weeks to give this location his full attention.  So it's a bit of a drive for us until Starcrest re-opens.  But we'll make that drive.  We have to have our Kohinoor fix whenever we're in town!This past weekend, my hubs had to work in the Medical Center area.  This Fredericksburg Rd. location is than 2 miles away from his workplace.  So when he texted me & asked me to bring him some dinner, I immediately thought of Kohinoor.  I ordered dishes that I knew would heat up well in case he wasn't able to break away at 7pm (targeted time) to eat.  I ordered paratha, basmati rice, butter chicken, & tawa kabob ($33.53 total).  A side of onions, carrots, iceberg lettuce, jalapeño, & a spicy greenish sauce came with the order.  Usually my hubs would want either a mango lassi or sweet lassi with his meal.  But I didn't order one this time.  Highly recommend those drinks however. I picked up the food & brought it to hubby's workplace.  7pm came & went.  I sat around waiting & waiting....& waiting.... He was finally able to break away close to 11pm.  My starvin' Marvin devoured almost everything in sight before heading back to work. Over time, we've tried nearly everything on the menu.  No disappointments!  The food is always well prepared, spicy, & tasty.  Look for specials on their white board.  This location has ample parking & plenty of seating.  The ordering system is still the same:  order at the counter & grab a seat.The hours are still wacky.  Doesn't open until noon (according to website & sign in the window, but white board has 1pm for opening...?) & closed on Mondays.  So, good for late lunch or dinner.Remember to bring something or someone to keep you entertained for about 45 mins.  Food takes awhile to prepare, but it's very worth the wait.  Bon appetit!
<review# 94,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2014,11/24/2014,94,80,3,5,4>Absolutely outstanding. This business very successfully achieves the goal of providing a home away from home for our family members of the pet variety. We have used them for day stays, long weekend boarding, as well as grooming. Prices are great and they offer a law enforcement/military discount.
<review# 95,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2014,11/23/2014,52,667,2,7,4>Wow, I didn't even know this park existed in San Antonio until today. Both the pavilion and the lake are wonderful, great place to take your family here to play with the goose and ducks, or have a picnic, or take a walk after dinner or maybe a free date spot. If you are looking for a trail to run, it is only about .25 miles a loop (although there are some slope), so if you are looking for a place to run long distance, this might not be the place. I'm so jealous of the residents around the park, y'all lucky.
<review# 96,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2014,11/22/2014,22,110,3,5,4>This place is fantastic.  The first time we went we were blown away by the menu and the special which we had.  Second time we had the noodles with beef tongue, amoung other things.  The broth ended up being VERY beefy, so much so that neither of us enjoyed it.  Our waitress was understanding and removed it from the bill for us.  Awesome service.We are predomentantly vegan/vegetarian and just were not ready for that cosmic level of beefy goodness.  Give it a try though.Absolutely recommend this place if you haven't tried it already.
<review# 97,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2014,11/21/2014,43,47,10,7,4>If you can afford to live in the Steel House Lofts you are one lucky bastard. I hate you all.  It is bad enough that you have a bar in your basement it is even worse that your bar makes everything in house.  Damn you Steel House Loft residents, damn you all!  The food is great but the place is really all about the drinks.  All the mixers, infusions are made in house.  The bartenders are all really knowledgeable and make good suggestions if you are overwhelmed by the menu. I believe happy hour is between 4-6 and definitely a good idea if you're trying to save a buck.  The food plates are all small, almost tapas style but really good nonetheless.  I recommend going for brunch and getting a al pastor torta.  Honestly this torta was the best torta/sandwich I have ever had.  The bread was perfect, the pork was sublime, and the homemade chips that came with it made me want to strike a small child. Parking can be tricky depending on the time of day, look for a spot down one of the alleyways.
<review# 98,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2014,11/20/2014,21,120,1,4,4>Whenever I feel the need to splurge on some delicious, healthy takeout, I stop into Zedric's! You can never make a bad decision here because all of the offerings are delicious. I especially love the Parmesan quinoa and turkey ragu!!! Go for the discounted entrees if you are taking the food home to eat right away- they're a huge bargain!
<review# 99,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2014,11/19/2014,125,290,9,10,12>I'm resisting the urge to post lyrics to "Shots."  But dude, SHOTS.  Not Buttery Nipples or Purple Geckos (although I'm sure La Tequilera would accommodate your awfulness) I'm talking Tequila, more specifically Blanco, Reposada & Mezcal.  Assembled neatly on a plate with limes, salt and Tajin.  Oh yea, you read that correctly.  After a fail at another Mexican restaurant close by, I was stone sober and sought to rectify.  La Tequilera Del Patron has been opened since I've moved to the area more than 2 years ago but I'm jaded (in all things) and skipped the spot.  However, I was desperate (and did I mention, stone sober on a Saturday night) so pulled in the parking lot,  Don't let the club lights outside fool you, there was no douchery here and not a single bachelorette party in sight!  I was welcomed by a crazy chill vibe on their patio with live salsa / spanish rock band.  It only got better when Maria came to our table and walked us through La Tequilera philosophy (something-something Tequila) and soon after brought us our booze.  I'm going on the (Yelp, Life, Permanent) record, Tajin & Tequila is a match made in heaven.  Do it.
<review# 100,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2014,11/18/2014,10,18,1,7,5>This place pleasantly suprised me. I can't for the life of me figure out why my group of 5 was the only table there but I hope others catch on to this great place. I ordered the fried rice omlette, which I asked the owner if I could have kimchi fried rice in it, and she did this for me, no questions asked! Inside the fried rice was kimchi, onion, and what seemed like pieces of ham, which was delicious, and very well seasoned with pepper. On top was a fried egg omlette, and it had little lines of barbecue sauce on it. It was sooo good! The portions are very generous, the rice and omlette was hot, the ingredients were fresh, and you can tell it was made with care. My husband ordered a 911 sandwich which had spicy pork, egg, lettuce, tomato, cheese and probably something else I am leaving out. It was on a french bread type of roll. I got to taste a little bit of his and boy was that spicy! He said it was the best sandwich ever. We also ordered the spicy Korean wings, these were dynamite! They were sweet but spicy, and hot and the skin was crispy, just the way I like. Others in the group ordered kimchi burgers and seemed to enjoy them.  Bottom line is you really need to give this place a try. The Korean dishes all look amazing and there are even pictures on the wall to help with ordering. The owners are accommodating and will answer any questions you have.
<review# 101,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2013,8/19/2013,245,102,8,15,11>Id been stalking this place every single day for months, as I drove down Broadway to get my caffeine fix, so I was beyond excited when they opened for real a couple weeks ago. Here's how it works: you buy a growler (32 or 64 oz) for $6.99, which is yours to keep, unlike some places that want you to return them. You then pick your beer (or root beer!) and have it filled. The selection is fantastic, filled with craft beers, and an awesome Texas beer selection. Texas beers are on the board in green, while others are in black.  I seriously can't get over how many Texas beers they have, specifically ones from right here in San Antonio.  The price point, also, is definitely worth mentioning.  Most 64 oz growlers are in the $13-16 range, which for SIXTY FOUR whole ounces of craft beer is amazingly inexpensive.  I can't get over how well priced they are.As other reviews have mentioned, the selection rotates.  I've been there a couple times as they've floated a keg and had to switch it out.  There's no stale, yucky beer on tap here.  Also no crap beer, for that matter.The owners are great people, with knowledgeable staff supporting them.  They've led me in the right direction on my quest to at least appreciate IPAs and pale ales, and anyone who can serve me an IPA that I like will have my loyalty forever.  Keep an eye on their Facebook page to see what's new on tap and any special events they're having.  This place is an AWESOME addition to San Antonio and especially my side of town.  I can't wait to see how they grow from here.
<review# 102,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2013,8/18/2013,99,428,4,6,5>Crazy Carls, I am so sorry to leave you hanging and not review you sooner. I've tried this place a handful of times and have always left feeling impressed. Currently, you can find them out at the Boardwalk on Bulverde from Thursday to Saturday and then at The Point on Sundays. Firstly, the two couples that work in the truck are fantastic. They are so friendly and accommodating. They will definitely have you smiling. Secondly, their food is to die for. We've tried everything on their menu from the roast turkey caprese sandwich to the classic cheeseburger. And don't even get me started on the fries. They are by far some of the best fries I've had in a while. I love the crispiness and they're perfectly seasoned.I can be pretty picky and asked for a variety of condiments to be left off of my cheeseburger, everything came out exactly how I ordered it and I was totally impressed.All-in-all, if you're looking for a food truck that is serving up some good quality food and friendly people - you need to check out Crazy Carls. You will not be disappointed!:)
<review# 103,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2013,8/17/2013,31,144,3,5,4>Love, Love, Love this place.  Its great to go somewhere that everyone can find something that they like to eat and it has a playground for the kids.  There is a band, so if you like it loud, sit closer to the food trucks.  Me, I like to talk so I sit closer to the playground.  The food trucks range from BBQ to Mexican to Chinese.  I have eaten at almost all the food trucks and have not had a bad meal.  Most also have a childs meal so your kids are covered also.  Also, a few are trained by the CIA.  Not the 007 guys, but the food guys that have one college here in good old SA.Lots-o-types of beer at the permanent standing facility.  I appreciate a place with a good range of different beers.  I like options :).  Seating is outside, so if its cold beware your food will get cold also if you don't chow it down fast.  They generally have a beer on special at a discounted price.  Parking lot is to the left of the building or you can park along the street.Come enjoy a little bit of fresh air, good food and good beer or wine.  Honestly have not tried the wine, but I know they have some.
<review# 104,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2013,8/16/2013,67,174,2,5,2>The boyfriend and I are new to Paleo and we were so thrilled that a place exists with paleo food, ready to go! It only requires a bit of reheating in the microwave and you have a delicious meal.  They honored my yelp coupon for 50% off one entree, AND gave us a free Tilapia entree that they would otherwise have thrown out.  We enjoyed the sirloin steak with cauliflower and the chicken "fried" steak with mashed cauliflower.  We also added a few paleo muffins on top, and were so thrilled with the flavor!  Its different, but a good different! We will DEFINITELY be coming back!
<review# 105,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2013,8/15/2013,130,134,3,7,7>When I have coworkers from the great white north in town I like to make sure they get to eat some of my favorite foods(it's all about me you know).  So for sure, I make sure they get BBQ and Mexican food(the 2 main food groups).I used this restaurant as they would bring us lunch while we worked.  A working lunch of BBQ is most acceptable.They brought us brisket, chicken, & turkey.  I have eaten all of these at their restaurant and found them all to be good.  This time, their brisket was better than any other time I have eaten it.  The turkey was awesome too.  I wish I had chosen sausage instead of chicken, but it gave the healthy eaters another choice.This place may not be equal to the top 4 places in the latest Texas Monthly review, but I think it should have made it into the top 50.  I am going to have to put it into my regular rotation.
<review# 106,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2013,8/14/2013,43,77,2,3,2>**** 1/2My girlfriend took me here for a birthday dinner last night. This is now by far the best meal we have had in San Antonio. The restaurant has a rustic modern ambiance with a hint of luxury. Fine dining without being stuffy.  A restaurant that doesn't come across as requiring a dinner jacket but is definitely worth dressing up for. Basically, there is a well deserved sense of occasion to the place. Moving on to the food, we started with the oyster sliders. Crispy oysters with the crunch of good fried chicken withholding all their briny goodness, dressed with some luxurious hollandaise and enveloped by teeny buttery biscuits. The candied bacon garnish is a nice touch.  Two bites and they are gone. Leaving you with a mouthful of flavor and sticking true to the law of diminishing returns. I had the pork belly and veal sweetbreads for my entree. The belly was smoky and sweet and was accompanied by a nice crunchy slaw. The sweetbreads were crunchy and creamy in their innards with a nice spicy sauce that the green ends of the gai lon nicely sopped up. I personally am a sucker for Kurobuta Pork and this dish payed a good homage to this special swine. My girlfriend had the scallops that were perfectly seared and served with some seriously rich cheesy grits with a hint of spice from the jalapeño beurre blanc. The chocolate bread pudding with dulce de leche sauce and caramelized bananas were a nice end to a perfect meal. The restaurant suggested wines by the glass that paired with each course upon our request and gave us two glasses of champagne with homemade strawberry sorbet for my birthday. We cannot wait to return. In fact we made reservations for another visit on our way out. I can definitely get used to eating here.
<review# 107,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2013,8/13/2013,114,280,7,22,12>I am originally from Beijing so I know what authentic Chinese food taste like. I've only had good Chinese in NYC, SF and LA. I don't eat out at Chinese restaurants in San Antonio b/c these Americanized Chinese food really just can't live up to my standards. I usually just cook my own. Recently I discovered Tang street. Man, oh man. Their food is as authentic and tasty as it can get! I ordered an eggplant dish with ground pork which came in a very nice presentation. The server is very personable and attentive. The restaurant itself is clean and has a nice feel to it. I was told that this restaurant only opened two months ago so not a lot of people know about them yet but  you bet they already gained me as a loyal customer. If you want to try authentic Chinese cuisine and have a better understanding of Chinese food, visit Tang street! This is not your typical general tso chicken (what the heck is that?) and beef and broccoli place. And you better believe me when I say this is the best Chinese food in SA b/c I am a pro!
<review# 108,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2013,8/12/2013,28,210,2,6,3>I probably eat Indian food less than 10 times a year but, in every city I've ever lived in, I've always had my favorite Indian place.  Sarovar would be my favorite of all my favorites.  The food here is outstanding - both off the menu and the buffet.  The buffet is great - but I really prefer to order off the menu since there are more choices and you can customize your spice level (the food is quity spicy as it comes . .even on the buffet).  My favorite dishes here are the chicken biryani, goat biryani, goat curry, the samosas, the dosas, chana masala, aloo palak, Chicken 65, tandoori chicken . . basically everything I've ever eaten here has been delicious!
<review# 109,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2013,8/11/2013,35,49,3,7,5>Incredible is thy name, Bakery Lorraine. I thought it was too good to be true when I read that a world class, serious business, real deal bakery was coming to San Antonio. I knew it was serendipity when I learned it was a short bike ride from my house.I have yet to taste anything that wasn't amazing come out of this kitchen. They won me over with their macarons the first time I tried them. I liked them so much that we had them make us some for our wedding (which turned out to be the hit of the party). Every time I pick up a 6 pack of macs I discover new combinations and bursts of flavor that are unrivaled in San Antonio.You must try Bakery Lorraine, they are second to none.
<review# 110,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2013,8/10/2013,88,178,2,8,4>I have used The Palms for boarding my 3 special needs dogs and the service and quality of care that my pets experienced while there is unparalleled. When it comes to my pets I can be a little particular and The Palms made sure that all of my specifications were followed out to a T. Customers are able to bring their own pet food, beds, medications, and toys (all of which are cataloged so that you get them back when you leave). As I said before, all of my dogs are special needs and need to be on medications for different things (seizures, allergies, and arthritis) and regardless of how many times medications need to be given they do not charge extra like most other facilities.I love that they have different sized kennels to choose from and allow you to board 2 pets in the same space. I've utilized the swanky "Suites" which are in a much quieter area of the building so it is great for dogs that get stressed out easily like my Maggie. They are 100% tiled and have Kuranda dog beds as well as TV's! I usually board my pitbull (Maggie) and my shih tzu (Little Shitzu) together in a medium "Suite" and they have more than ample room to do their own thing. For my husky (Toby) I like to use the "Cabanas" which come in a variety of sizes and also come standard with Kuranda beds. They are a great size and although are a little louder still suit my pup just fine. On the pick up day I typically opt for bathing my dogs. Getting a bath is great, but it also means that if you don't have to pay for boarding the last day! I believe they call it an exit bath and your pet can get bathed, a nail trim, and ears cleaned all for $35 including the last day of boarding regardless of what time you pick them up. SCORE! The staff is great and they always make sure that your pet is being cared for like it were their own. When I come to pick up my dogs (and all of their stuff) the staff always tell me how great they were and any cute little idiosyncrasies my pets may have. I would not hesitate to recommend The Palms to anyone because I truly think that it is the best boarding facility in town.
<review# 111,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2013,8/18/2014,37,132,4,9,6>I have no idea where to start!!! Wow! The first thing you should know is that this place is not cheap. This is an upscale restaurant but you get what you pay for. I came here for a friends party and got to see a wide array of items off the menu. The wine and beer menu is a great start to the night. Lots of wonderful items to select from. Both my partner and I had a salad. I had what would basically be a cesar and he had the spinach. While mine was excellent, his was mouth watering. The dressing with the gorgonzola, pecans and fresh spinach was amazing.   For our main course, I had the beef tenderloin kabob and he had the lamb kabob. My meat was perfect but it was seasoned to perfection. There was a dollop of an orange marmalade on the side which complemented my meat wonderfully. My partner and I shared a side of whipped potatoes which had a baked cheese topping. The finale was the peach bread pudding with a butterscotch glaze. Totally worth every calorie. The menu does change every so often but I promise, you really can't go wrong here. The atmosphere is pretty awesome with it's rustic factory surroundings. Our waitress was wonderful, knew all about the food, and never let a glass go dry. Perfect evening out! This could also be a great date place. Not so good for kids though.
<review# 112,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2013,8/17/2014,125,331,6,16,6>All I can say is WOW!  I work right across the street from this place and we have all been eagerly awaiting the opening of this Food Truck Park.The place is absolutely gorgeous and it looks as if the owner(s) have really put a lot of money into it.  The landscaping is made up of a large very nice grassy area and several young trees planted around the property.The bar consists of a large covered area with a concrete slab and plenty of seating.  They have ceiling fans and also mister fans for when it gets just too hot. Built in bathrooms are available and are kept very clean.The bar has 5 or 6 beers on tap and then another 8-10 types of beer in bottles or cans.  They also have a margarita machine and a hurricane machine.  On top of all of that, they have three large containers of three different types of Sangria.  The ONLY thing keeping them from five stars is the fact that they only have room for 5 or 6 trucks. They seemed to be full tonight but only the Vietnamese truck and the empanada truck were open.I know it's Monday night, but Monday Night Football is on - we have to help them get the turnout for this place higher.  Help spread the word so more of the trucks open up in the evenings. It's a simple factor of supply and demand people!
<review# 113,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2013,8/16/2014,179,165,5,6,8>If you know me at all you know I have curly hair. REAL curly hair. I could straighten my own hair but it would take me two hours to do it. I saw this place shortly after it opened and decided I needed to try it out- then a Groupon offer came along! Perfect!  I was a little late because Broadway traffic is terrible (plan ahead for this). I got shampooed twice and conditioned. My stylist put product in my hair based on my hair type. It didn't take long at all and voila! Hair straight. It doesn't even look like my hair is curly. My stylist gave me some tips to keep it as long as possible and he provided me his card and said to see him again. I will definitely be back. My only complaint is that I was asked if I wanted anything to drink and I never got that water.
<review# 114,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2014,8/15/2014,111,180,,7,5>I'm a sucker for good biscuits and sausage gravy and this place rocks! By far the best. The jumbo biscuits with a perfect cream gravy and crumble sausage alsoThe sweet cream waffle is crispy light and fluffy. Don't forget to check out the homemade preserves.
<review# 115,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2014,8/14/2014,37,101,3,7,7>It's sooo hard to eat healthy and cook Paleo during the week without stressing myself out! Soooo glad I found this place just by googling "Paleo San Antonio". I told my husband there HAS to be a place here in town that does legit Paleo cooking and what do you know! Naked  Coconut Eats. I checked out their FB and website; the food looked great and the ingredients being used interested me, pricing was average for these type of meals and I told the owner that protein portions were pretty important to me... I felt most "store bought/delivery meals (ex.Eatology, Zedrics) protein portions were too small for my lifestyle, the owner promised we wouldn't be dissatisfied and I can say two weeks in , we are completely happy with the portions & variations :-)) This is as fresh as it gets ladies and gents. Like if I was to make it at home..ok maybe a little better! Lol :P They also deliver to my work personally, just tip the driver. It may be a slight sacrifice on the bank account but  we make it work because it's worth it and most importantly the food is made from scratch, minimal ingredients,fresh and actually tastes good...What a concept!
<review# 116,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2014,8/13/2014,277,210,9,6,5>I will not let this become a habit. I will not let this become a habit. I will not let this become a habit.  Or . . . maybe . . . Basically, this place creates outstanding donuts (haven't tried the kolaches). Service is friendly, food is calorie-laden and yummy.  If you want your basic top drawer donut - this is your place.I've managed for years without giving in to my donut cravings -- but with Snowflake, I have a feeling those days are gone forever.
<review# 117,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2014,8/11/2014,10,66,1,6,6>4.5-5 stars!  My husband surprised me this morning with an impromptu date night and request - "Go on Yelp and find a nice place for us to try tonight."  I remembered hearing about Tiu's and hadn't found a good Italian place near us yet, so the decision was made!The restaurant is located in the strip mall behind Two Steps, down on the opposite end of the complex.  They have outdoor seating (with a huge fan and umbrellas that make the space rather cool), but we opted for inside dining.  It is a cosy space, a little dark but very comfortable and perfect for a more intimate dinner.  Yes, there are TVs, but they were muted and mounted high enough that they were not distracting.  It could also get a tiny bit loud while full with the high ceilings, but not unreasonably so and we were still able to converse easily.  We were seated immediately and our waiter was friendly and informative.  He didn't hover but checked in/ was accessible, our waters were always full, and he had a great sense of humor.  For example, when I noted that the fans offset the heat from the pizza oven well, he let us in to the fact that the towel dispensers in the bathrooms were against the back wall of the oven, so you got warm towels to dry your hands if needed.My husband ordered a Sam Adams Grumpy Monk IPA and the bacon wrapped pork tenderloin special (the waiter alerted is to an 18-20min wait from order time - which is perfectly reasonable) and I had a caprese salad and the spicy clam fettuccine from the regular menu.  My salad came put quickly and was fresh and delicious.  Our entrees came in the promised 20 min and were also both delicious and fresh (the pasta was amazing on mine!).  One interesting detail is almost every plate had "edge detail" - basaltic scrolls on my caprese, toasted parm cheese on my clam dish.  Certainly a cute touch (albeit a bit excessive).The only hitch at all in the evening was that after eating his pork, my husband discovered a toothpick that had been missed from the bacon wrapping in the bottom of his dish that he luckily missed.  No harm was done, but we politely pointed it out to our waiter when he took away our completely empty dishes (we ate every bite!) since such a thing is a choking hazard.  We saw him go straight to the manager and head chef (the kitchen is open and visible to the dining area) and when he returned, he informed us the manager wanted to give us a free dessert for catching it and to apologize for the mistake.  No scene was made and our concern was taken very seriously - the manager handled it very professionally in my opinion.  We ended up getting the espresso-chocolate tort on the waiter's recommendation.  My husband wasn't too fond of the raspberry sauce (not his favorite flavor) but we both really loved the tort itself.To surmise, great service, nice intimate venue, good food at moderate prices (no dish was over $20 that we saw, and worth every penny!) and we will definitely be back to try their other dishes and pizza.  Just be mindful it is a small place and designed for smaller groups/noise levels.  Definitely a great moderate-high quality Italian option for on the West side of town.
<review# 118,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2014,8/10/2014,94,341,1,7,5>Dark, friendly and full of delicious booze drinks. The place is a little "hidden" because there isn't any huge and obvious signage. I'm fairly bumbly and I found it. Just look for the "Blow Dry Bar" sign...it's right under that. There's classy gold lettering on the glass door that will let you know you're at the right place. If you are a gin drinker, I highly recommend that you ask the barkeep for a Spanish Gin and Tonic. The place can get a little crowded on Friday or Saturday evenings and it's not a huge space. Also, they don't have an extensive beer selection but what they have is thoughtful.
<review# 119,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2014,8/9/2014,25,62,3,3,2>Free samples, delicious popcorn and super friendly owners...a true mom and pop. They offer over 30 flavors of popcorn. We've had the grape, strawberry, blueberry, sweet and salty, classic caramel, bacon and cheddar, white cheddar and butter. All were tasty, but our favorite is the strawberry, grape and white cheddar. So down to how you can purchase the popcorn. They offer a variety of bag sizes, from mini or extra large OR you can buy a bucket...different sizes...and if you buy a bucket you can a certain amount for a refill. We went with a Baltimore Ravens bucket,,,a big bucket...and refills are only $12. We are customers for life!
<review# 120,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2014,8/8/2014,43,300,2,6,2>the luxury is the perfect venue for a casual get-together with friends! i came across this restaurant on yelp as i was looking for a place that was good for large groups and not to pricey. this seemed like just the spot, especially with the great weather sa's been having lately. i checked out the menu and it looked like it was just sandwiches, salads, and drinks... my first impression was that the boys probably wouldn't be too happy about having a dinky sandwich for dinner, but as i kept reading through rave reviews, i decided i would have to check it out and see for myself! i came here on a friday night with a group of about 25, and at 7pm the place was jam-packed with no seating in sight. the food line, however, was pretty short so we jumped in line and once we were done ordering, a couple large tables opened up. each of the big tables fit about 13 people -- it was tight but it worked! while you wait, you can play with toy cars and toy animals! instead of boring table numbers, they give you dinosaurs, lions, and racecars so they can find you and bring you your food. so unique! i loved the environment -- the high string lights created a warm glow over the casual ambiance and the music wasn't too loud if for good conversation and shenanigans. :) the luxury is also located right by the river, which is nice if you want to sit out by the water but don't like dealing with parking, tourists, and all the annoyances of actual downtown dining. okay food talk. all the sandwiches are amazing! and hugeee. so if you have a hungry boy looking for a grub meal, don't cross this off your list. everyone left stuffed and there were even some leftovers! my hubs got the fried chicken sandwich and i had the milanesa sans poblano peppers (yes, im a wimp). both were delicious! all the flavors just worked out really well and the meat was so tender and well-balanced with the bread and other condiments. nothing like your regular deli sandwich! i had heard great things about the fries so we got a half order + special sauce. it was a garlic aioli sauce and it went great with the generous heap of fries! WARNING: if you're ordering for 1-2 get the half size of fries, which isn't listed on the menu! the full size definitely feeds ~4 people! i also saw some interesting dessert items on the menu but i was too stuffed to try them. fried snickers + condensed milk --- next time! they also seemed to have a great selection of beer and wine. the drink line was actually wayyy longer than the food line when i got there haha. oh, but the food line did explode at about 7:30. the wait for a sandwich got to be 45min-1hr so don't come here on a friday night if you want something quick to grab. this is the perfect spot for just relaxing and catching up with friends though! love the fun vibe here! oh, and they're dog-friendly!  will definitely be back! :)
<review# 121,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2011,1/25/2012,34,173,2,2,2>Great first trip to San Antonio's best new restaurant on the Riverwalk.Inspired to visit by the meat pies with what I think was a cajun tartar sauce that they were serving at Luminaria.Had the shrimp in a cup - lightly crispy fried shrimp covered in a similar cajun seafood sauce.  One of these two appetizers is an absolute must order -- sort of like a wake-up call for your taste buds.  The shrimp in a cup gets a slight nod, just because it's so hard to find such perfectly cooked fresh shrimp in landlocked San Antonio.Seafood gumbo will send you straight back to New Orleans, complete with okra, mussels, and pretty much anything else tasty that the chefs could find to stew.  It's not quite Commander's Palace, but it's no slouch.Finished off with the crab and avocado omelet, which I'll admit -- crab and avocado basically make themselves delicious even without a great cook -- but nonetheless a great dish.Look forward to visiting again to dig into their dessert menu.
<review# 122,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2011,1/24/2012,52,218,1,2,2>Sheplers is a bit of a tourist spot if a western store can be one? I do find myself shopping there due to the massive selection. The people are friendly and helpful and will bend over backwards to help you out. I've bought my last three pairs of boots from Sheplers.  I've never had an issue with the merchandise.  The prices are okay. I think it being a tourist spot helps to drive up the prices.  Other than that I like Sheplers and will continue to shop there!
<review# 123,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2012,1/23/2012,99,76,4,6,5>Oh Tacos Palenque, how do I love thee? Let me count the ways. 1)Tasty flavorful meats. Whether its the carne asada, pollo, carne guisada or sirloin, every taco filing is seasoned to perfection 2) The salsa bar. Fresh and always tidy there are four salsas *try the green one* to choose from, plus all the tortilla chips, radishes, cucumbers, lime and cilantro you need. 3) The tampiquena plate. Believe you me , when you're really hungry, this will fill you up.
<review# 124,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2011,1/22/2012,77,10,,4,6>Located in a small shopping center on Blanco Road near Bitters, it's easy to see why this gem en française could be overlooked... which would be a shame. The restaurant itself is lovely - not too fussy, but elegant - and the food and service are terrific. Since we have some special dietary needs (my fiance is gluten intolerant), it's always nice when we can find a restaurant which is accommodating, and a service staff which is knowledgeable. At Tost, you have both. In addition to a delicious menu, Tost has great happy hour prices  - 1/2 priced bottles of wine Wednesday nights, and a delicious bar menu (along with the occasional live music combo or DJ). Some favorites on the dinner or bar menus: lobster risotto, brisket burger, mushroom risotto, the cheese plate, grilled Caesar salad... oh, my, I could go on.We also love coming to Tost for a leisurely Sunday Brunch, where the crab cake eggs Benedict and the Smokes Salmon omelet do not disappoint. Bonus: there's no pressure to hurry (translation: we can read our Sunday paper in peace).Bon appétit!
<review# 125,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2011,1/21/2012,285,293,2,5,3>Got a pet? This place has pretty much anything you'll need for your dog or cat, at cheaper prices than Petsmart and Petco. Plus, they have weekends where you can get low-cost vaccinations from vets. It's first-come, first-serve, but you can save a bundle by doing that. If you don't see what you want on the shelf, ask for it - they have a huge storage area.
<review# 126,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2011,1/20/2012,29,162,2,4,2>Love the food here.  We used to come here alot more than we do now though, because it can get pricey, especially if you want to drink margaritas. (btw - they have a "skinny" margarita made with Agave nectar - good!) I love the two kinds of salsa you get with your chips!  Roasted or fresh.  My kids love the bean and cheese tacos.  I like the Brooke salad, chicken soup and just about every single thing I have eaten here!   Shrimp quesadillas. chicken enchiladas..... it's all yummy!   My husband gets chicken enchiladas and subs the rice and beans for grilled vegetables.   I don't think they have anything on the menu that doesn't taste good.   Just bring your wallet and order water!  :)
<review# 127,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2011,1/19/2012,116,50,5,6,8>Un beso for beto's!I love this place dearly. First, atmosphere: It's relaxing both inside and out, with a comfy, familiar feel.  Outside, I love the red picnic tables with little blooms in tequila bottles (we'll get to the tequila later), and lights strung around the wooden fence, with music piped softly through the speakers.  In my book, it's a nice cross between casual and romantic.  Romansual.  Inside is just as kick-back, with the occasional keyboard player adding just the right touch of kitsch.But of course, it's all about the food, and nothing about beto's has disappointed.  The empanadas are their signature item, and they ARE divine - pastry crust perfectly flaky, and the fillings are flavor bombs, both for the savory and sweet offerings.  My favorites are the spicy "La Judy" Brazilena, with black beans, rice, and sausage, and the beef & red chile, the latter of which has plenty of extra sauce for pastry-crust dipping.  If sweet is what you are after, I recommend the chocolate, which comes with a tart raspberry topping.  A la mode is best, obviously.The tacos and quesadillas, though, REALLY surprised me, in the best possible way.  They are NOT joking when they say you must try the al pastor before you die - it is smoky, hot, charred-with-just-the-right-amount-of-pineapple perfection, and this is coming from someone who made it her mission to try as much pastor as possible when i lived near baja.  The corn tortillas are clearly homemade and griddled to give them a bit more body, and are equally good on the super-flavorful but not-too-cheesy spinach mushroom quesadillas. Polish any (or all) of these off with a couple of shots of their SOAH (Source of All Happiness) pure agave tequila and a dressed dos equis, and you have pretty nearly a perfect friday night.
<review# 128,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2011,1/18/2012,270,226,8,9,8>You can get a lovely old fashion bagel from this little bagel deli haven. You almost always see the same staff. They seem to take ownership of their jobs, so service is always efficient and friendly. I had an egg bagel with sausage, avocado, and provolone today. It was bliss-bliss-bliss. Did I say it was bliss? When paired with a vanilla milkshake from down the street, I was in food heaven.
<review# 129,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2011,1/17/2012,103,133,4,4,3>Best ladies bar restroom ever!   To be fair it was just remodeled! The place looks GREAT! Very classy! I was so surprised when I walked in... A really nice bar and great stools.. It was also a lot bigger than expected.  They have a new stage that will be great for bands or standup comedy which they plan on having!   They also had a popcorn machine and a jukebox..  Some really nice TVs too..The bartender was really nice and helpful! I will definitely be back!
<review# 130,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2011,1/16/2012,52,88,2,7,5>After browsing through reviews I had to come here with my family visiting from CA. We were on the hunt for the best BBQ in San Antonio and booooy oh booooooy this place DID NOT DISAPPOINT !  We ordered 2lbs each of brisket, rib tips and pulled pork, 1lb each of chicken and sausage and got some pudding. Unfortunately the place was too small to house my whole family so we ordered everything to-go. While we waited they definitely made our trip worthwhile. They gave us samples of almost everything on their menu and OMG everything was soooo gooood. And the samples were neverending. They even walked outside to offer samples to rest of my family patiently waiting. Im not a fan of peach cobbler but they just turned me into one.  And even after walking out the door they came after us to offer some freshly cooked chicken waangs! I was just amazed at how great their customer service was. You mos def get more than what you pay for here. I will be coming back FOR SURE. Love this place! Its better than Rudy's and we spent less . NO BBQ SAUCE NEEDED! thats how goood it was!
<review# 131,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2009,6/8/2010,34,56,4,6,4>Although the first Rolando's Super Taco is located on Hildebrand,  Rolando's #2 on the south side of S.A. is still near and dear to my heart. Situated off a little street (Shasta) near the intersection of S.W. Military and Pleasanton Rd. Rolando's #2 is THE spot to get something that will, well, hit the spot-and then some.  When they say super they mean it.  I think perhaps they were the first to really take "super size" to heart.The tacos (and everything else at both Rolando's #1 & #2) are mammoth size!  One serving of anything will fill you up and leave you with some to take home.  One tortilla is roughly the size of a large dinner plate and then you figure in the fillings!Aside for the portion size the food is just plain good.:)  And don't let the name fool you...the menu includes other Mexican food staples aside from tacos.  The gorditas are tasty but once again--they are HUGE.  Event he tortilla chip bowl they serve you while you are waiting for your meal is enormous!  I recall as a little kid my grandparents taking me to Rolando's after me and my brother complaining about how hungry we were.  LOL  My eyes nearly came out of their sockets when I got my plate of, mmm, taco.  lol I really recommend that everyone try one of the Rolando's at least once.  It's just one of those things you have to see to believe!
<review# 132,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2010,6/7/2010,211,97,3,4,5>I'm not really a beer connoisseur. And by "not really," I mean "not at all." I drink my standard Miller Lite or Dos XX all the time and try not to stray. At Freetail, though, I stepped beyond my beer-walls and allowed the waitress to recommend one of their own brews. She asked me what I liked or disliked and what I was in the mood for. I ended up going with Rye Wit, which was a little too malty at first but grew on me rather quickly. The second one I ordered also grew on me.The food was pretty great, too. The menu was pretty expansive, but my friend and I finally decided on and ordered the 10" (small) Alotta Heart, which was more than enough for the two of us. Artichoke hearts, hearts of palm, pine nuts, asparagus? That sounds like a selection from the Healthy Choice pizza section of the grocery store, but it was great.I'll definitely be trying this place again to test out some of the other stuff that looked great on the menu, and am also excited to try something that's (GASP) not available at the grocery store. BONUS: $2.50 pints on Tuesday night, which is what originally called my name. Good stuff.
<review# 133,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2009,6/6/2010,24,81,2,2,2>Wow - the food at this place was amazing!  We went on a Tuesday evening, about 7:00; the place wasn't too crowded.  The restaurant itself wasn't what I was expecting for a fine dining restaurant.  Everything from the crowd to the way it was decorated felt comfortable and relaxed.  It was almost like eating dinner at your host family's home in Puerto Rico... not that I really know what that's like!  Anyway, they start by bringing you a sweet corn bread - mmm-mmm-mmm!  I had to force myself to stop eating it so that I would have room for my actual dinner.  First we had an appetizer called Arepa which is a corn cake filled with pulled pork.  Absolutely delicious - I could have eaten that as an entree!  My husband ordered the Chef's Trio - steak, tuna and shrimp.  I had a bite of each and everything was scrumptious.  I ordered the salmon which was wrapped in plantains and served with veggies and mashers.  Words cannot describe how amazing each bite was!  Seriously, I'm at a loss for words because each bite was heaven.  The service was good too.  The waiter was nice although a bit quiet.  I expected a place that's usually filled with tourists would have more talkative employees, but maybe he could tell we were on a date and didn't want to bother us.  Either way, it was great and prompt service.Overall this is a great place - good atmosphere and great food!  We will most definitely be going back again really soon.  We actually had a hard time deciding on what to eat so we are looking forward to going back and ordering something different!  I only took away 1 star because of the flies.  Yes, unfortunately due to the hot weather and the layout of the restaurant a couple of flies managed to get inside and bother us the entire time.  It was hard to completely enjoy myself when I had to keep swatting the flies away and making sure they didn't get to our food.
<review# 134,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2009,6/5/2010,22,52,6,7,5>So it took 38 miles for us to meander along the south side from the north central part of town only to end up on the northwest side of town today at Pho Ha Long for lunch.  It helps to have a plan.  Well at least I wasn't' wasting MY gas. I tweeted for suggestions of places to eat but everyone was ALL LATE.  LOL.No web address for this popular Vietnamese noodle shop across from Ingram Park Mall but the food has always been good.Had the #11 and of course I have already forgotten what the meats are in this pho but whatever they were they were delicious.  Noodles were tender and the assorted meats were tender.  The garnishes were fresh and always add to overall flavor of the soup.Their version of bubble tea is called boba tea.  Had the mango and it was super sweet and super delicious too.So if you ever find yourself on a 38 mile trek around the city, head on over to Pho Ha Long and enjoy a big giant bowl of pho. I personally guarantee it.PS:  What's the difference between the large and small bowl---75¢.PPS:  Next time I'll try the soul cooking place this guy was hawking on his wearable cardboard sign.PPPS:  Wait staff was super attentive and polite. When you go to an Asian restaurant and it is full of Asians, you know your meal will be good.  When you go to an Asian restaurant and it is empty of Asians, you know the place has been Americanized. This place was packed with Asian diners.
<review# 135,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2009,6/4/2010,12,23,3,8,5>This is our new favorite restaurant. After passing by almost everyday and reading a couple of good reviews, we decided to stop in for lunch one day.My boyfriend isn't from Texas and hasn't really liked any  Mexican restaurants over here. We've been on the hunt for a restaurant we both really love and I was about to give up hope-- until we tried out this place.Wow... just wow. The salsas are soooo fresh and yummy and the margaritas really hit the spot. And the fajitas? The best I have ever had in my whole life. They are so flavorful and so juicy.... one bite and I was hooked. The enchiladas are great, the beans and rice are so amazing. And they have some darn good breakfast tacos too. Yup-- they even serve breakfast!This is a nice date night place and the service is pretty good. We go at least once a week and maybe you should too.
<review# 136,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2009,6/3/2010,270,226,7,8,8>"It says it's spicy. How many stars is that on a scale of 1-5?""7"(eyebrows raised all around)"Can you make it a 4?"That was the Pa-Nang. He ate it. Loved it. And perspiration dotted his face throughout the meal. Two glasses of Thai iced tea was a must.I ordered the Baked Fish and requested it to be mildly spicy, but I still struggled to get past the heat. Again, Thai iced tea was a must.The sushi rolls are good, but the large roll portions are a little smaller than that of other competitors'.The Tord Tofu appetizer was plain and fried with a side of dipping sauce. I found it bland.The White Spring Rolls can be made without cilantro, if you wish.The Son-In-Law Egg Salad was tasty, and light, yet filling.Overall, I would rate the food at about 4.~~~~~~~Now, the Boba is a 4.5. The flavor combos are great. My hands-down favorite is the Honolulu. If you love mangos as much as I do, then you hafta try Honolulu! They are generous with the fresh pureed mango pulps. I think it's mixed with pineapple juice and something else. It's downright lovely. I can drink a gallon of the stuff. Writing this makes me edgy. The only thing that keeps me from rating the boba a 5 is the inconsistent boba texture each time I order it. Sometimes, it's perfectly chewy, the way it should be. However, the last two times, the tapioca boba pearls were overly soft, which meant they were overcooked. Anyway, their bubble teas are my favorite in SA so far.
<review# 137,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2009,6/2/2010,22,35,7,3,4>Probably the best place in town for breakfast. "Then why only 4 stars hotshot" you must be thinking, well I'll tell ya. I would have given it 5 stars if not for some shortcomings. The scrumptious banana pancakes are totally amazing. It's as if you are in a world where your swimming in an ocean of your favorite food, being smothered and rubbing on your body....mmm........anyway, that's how good they are. Their creole omelet is also great. Nice blend of spice and stick to your ribs fluffiness. Beautiful omelets by the way, really fluffy and tasty. It's as if they are trying to get into the Guinness Book of World records for fluffy omelets, and they don't lose out in taste either in all that fluffdom. It's as if you're in a world where you're swimming in an ocean......you get the picture. But I really wish I could somehow become one with the pancakes and omelets there, they are that good. I guess that's the only way to make them better, to actually be one with the food. Have you ever fell in love with someone so much that you loved them to a point that you felt you were one with them, and how great it felt, well that is what I wish could happen with the food here, yes, pathetic, but true. So why 4 and not 5 stars, well, for starters, their hours. They are only open until 2-3 in the afternoon! What if I'm craving a house special and ham and egg omelet for dinner or after da club? Not going to happen. Secondly, as good as their food is and no matter how much I want to become the food so I can truly understand and be it, they are lacking in the German authenticity side of the "Haus." I mean, it's supposed to be this little old lady's restaurant that she started something like 70 years ago, and there is very little authentic stuff on the menu. I guess they threw the little old lady out when she started including sauerkraut in her omelets, they probably said, yeah, that's good, but you know what grandma, we're going to go in a different direction and oh, by the way, we bought you out of your "Haus" shares and we own it now, so here's your ticket to that nice little retirement community. OK, maybe it didn't happen like that, (we'll never know for sure) but the point is, it's lacking in the German authenticity flavor. And lastly, the wait here. It's usually a 30-45 minute wait and you have to have your entire party to be seated. 7 people showing up for brunch and only 5 are present, tough, gotta wait until all 7 are present. Even if they call you and tell you your table is ready for 7, they'll shoo you back out until the 2 stragglers show up, and when they show up, they may not have those tables available, so you will need to wait all over again. It won't be 30-45 minutes again, more like 10, but still, it's the principle of the matter. Oh, and no reservations. So there you go. Great place to go and have a great brunch. Highly recommended and a place you should check out for yourself.
<review# 138,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2009,6/1/2010,71,65,5,6,7>I almost went to the Candlelight Coffee House for grub tonight, but as I was crossing St. Marys and walking onto King's Court I heard high voltage rock'n'roll in the distance.  Curious about which one of my neighbors was having the party, I turned the bend and discovered Damien, KC Frankfurter Express' owner partying to AC/DC with the live concert projected onto a white screen.  He was gettng ready for a birthday party.  I accomplished no studying, but at least I enjoyed myself.  They have SOLID Frankfurters -- even ones with chilli that don't give you hearburn (#17 the Cinicinatti).  They have a wide selection of dogs as others have indicated, and although I haven't tried them all yet, I will.  I'd bet that they're all good.  I enjoyed fresh lemonade with refills.    KCFE IS my cool neighbor's house.  Phenomenal artists and hosts, they have their own original art both on the walls and in the hot dog basket.  The location is a converted 1920s house with covered patio seating -- its my own everyday art walk without the wine and cheese, although since it's BYOB, that can easily be remedied.  The service is attentive.  The cook even came out to check on how I was enjoying my hot dog.  I love how KCFE can evolve to fit the crowd.  From AC/DC to the Wizard of Oz to Die Hard on the tv screen or inside in the cool with the fixins bar and a bit of quiet.  I enjoy the KCFE regularly and look forward to more visits.And, of course, I can get dinner for less than $5 -- score!
<review# 139,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2009,5/31/2010,35,235,3,5,4>Copa copa copa....good times. I am quite fond of this amazing wine bar. Located in a nicer area of San Antonio, I was worried that I would encounter the snobby, 'oh, I drink wwwwiinne' kind of clientele that sorta comes with the territory. Instead, I found a laid-back, mellow crowd. The night that I went, there was this guy playing acoustic covers of John Mayer and Coldplay (that sort of music). Decidedly more low-key. Well, we were upstairs sitting on the comfy couches and our waiter seemed to know exactly when we needed something. We kept him busy ordering meat and cheese platters and glass after glass of wine. The selection can be overwhelming, but the staff is so knowledgeable that after asking you a few questions about your preference will find something you like. The platters are awesome, you can pick from a variety of cheese and meat to go with the olives, grapes, nuts, and bread. Perfect compliments for your wine. I highly recommend the chocolate cake here. It's freaking huge and delicious! Order it with the intentions of sharing because there is just no way one person can devour it in one sitting.
<review# 140,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2009,5/30/2010,176,153,2,11,5>La Fonda on Main is one of the best mexican restaurants in San Antonio, and that's saying something! Not to be confused with the other two mediocre La Fonda's in SA - this one is owned by Cappy and Suzy Lawton (The owners of Cappy's on Broadway), which is probably why it's SOOO good. They have some of the best margaritas in town, authentic interior mexican food, interesting specials and good service. The hostess has been there for at least 30 years (She was there when I was a little kid) and knows all the regulars. La Fonda is located in a charming old Spanish Revival style converted house on N Main in the Monte Vista Historic District. The place has great atmosphere, one of the best patios in the city and a nice party room in the back as well.
<review# 141,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2013,2/25/2014,90,93,3,6,4>This was my 3rd or 4th visit. I had always ordered the Bison Blue Burger and it was one of the best burgers I've ever had. This time I decided to go with the Taco Sampler and was very impressed. I wanted the sauces on the side so that I could really get to taste the food. Tacos were dreamy! Tender and tasty and the sauces were so complementary I might just let them sauce my next order of tacos.The beer selection is always a treat as is the knowledgeable staff.I've got to come back to check out the new beer garden and listen to some music in the Greenhouse.
<review# 142,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2013,2/24/2014,89,86,4,11,9>To put it simply, this place knocked my socks off! I had not heard of this place prior to my g/f at the time bringing me here for my birthday last year but boy was I impressed. She knew I liked organic locally sourced food and this place not only delivered in that area but far surpassed any foodie expectations I had.We both got the 5 course prix fixe meal (but I'll be discussing 3 of them), from the dishes I can recall mine consisted of:The Grapefruit & Beet Salad which was refreshing, creative and surprising to say the least seeing as I am not a big fan of either grapefruit nor beets, somehow turned out very memorable and definitely set the bar very high for the rest of the night. The bite from the grapefruit helped to blend with some of the other salad's elements which were clearly chosen by a very experienced palate. Simply amazing.My main entree was a Pork dish which was among one of the most tender I've had. My one and only complaint about this place was I felt my pork could have been seasoned more and been slightly leaner but that may be a personal preference over a lack in the chef's preparation/choice. I feel it may be because the chef was going for simple goodness and wanted the freshness of all the food to speak for itself. Our dessert was a Spicy Brownie with a flavored ice cream of some sort, perhaps pumpkin? The brownie was phenomenal, not overly rich and the spicy element made me rethink what can be done successfully with baked goods. Score again. For me, good food is full of flavor, uses quality ingredients and makes me feel like I could not have done it better myself. GREAT food like Gwendolyn leaves me in awe, wanting to try more and opens up my mind to the creativity that was used to create the dishes I just reveled in.The atmosphere is classy but not pretentious, serene but not boring, tucked away for those in the know. I hope it stays that way b/c this place is one of San Antonio's finest restaurants in my opinion and I can't wait to go back.
<review# 143,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2013,2/23/2014,66,149,2,9,7>This place really is the mark of a restauranteur genius. Hanging fishing nets, upside rotting cans turned planters, brightly colored outdoor furnishings sprawled in front of a newly renovated riverfront all set to a funky chill music playlist, makes for one relaxed eatery. The luxury isn't just a eatery the two mobile looking kitchens are separated to serve solely as food & the other to specialize in thirst quenching brews. Each with its own menu, line & service. Luxury also strives to offer you items unique to luxury & isn't afraid to stray off what might be typically appetizing. It uses regional favorites in new exciting ways. I believe the mark of a really good chef can be found in his salads, why? Because a salad deals mainly with singular ingredients making each item powerful for what it is. For example luxury's salad; pura vida. You have your acids; grapefruit, lemon juice, & tomato, balanced with absorbing lightly flavor dense avocado & hearts of palm then they added the sweetness of corn & finished off the masterpiece with walnuts. A shining example of the shear genius behind this successful balance of flavors. Another example is the side dish plantains with cream & black beans; sweet cream sauce with the earthy black beans and sweet & salty plantains- it just works. The fried chicken sandwich & fish Bahn mi also display the chefs familiarity with balancing flavors which creates a rounded, satisfyingly delicious dish.Enjoy this masterpiece in design, atmosphere & food because Luxury wants you to try something new & knows they can can back up their interesting menu.
<review# 144,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2013,2/22/2014,43,300,,5,3>although this is definitely not your typical traditional asian boba place, they surprisingly make great drinks! their menu is the length of a novel and is near-impossible to navigate since each drink is listed in alphabetical order with super random names. but if you kinda know what flavors you want, you can ask them for recommendations. :) the best part about the drinks here is their tapioca. it is delicately soft, chewy, and sweet. it makes a perfect combination when paired with the unique drink flavors here. the hookah part of this place + the higher prices bump bubblehead down to 4.5 stars but it's still one of my favorite boba places in town!
<review# 145,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2013,2/21/2014,34,107,3,6,5>Little hidden gem!  I know everyone loves their shrimp Alejandra, but I don't eat shell fish.  Their salmon dish is perfectly cooked with great flavor.  I love their Chicken Romano.  It's not your typical friend-until-dried-out chicken breast with too much breading.  Nope, it's got lite panko breaking with cheese mixed in and pan fried and perfectly juicy.  Delicious!  Their salads are great too.  The only thing we've had there (on three occasions hoping it would improve) that disappointed us was their pizza.  Good sauce, great crust, but TOO much cheese.  Now, I LOVE cheese, lots of cheese, but this was just too much.  It threw off the balance of flavors and really weighed down the pizza.  That being said, we still eat here all the time.
<review# 146,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2014,2/20/2014,53,201,3,9,6>Total hidden gem on the Westside! This is a local spot, where you can get a lot of good foods, drinks, and ice creams all freshly made. I've had the Mexicali Burger twice now and man-o-man is it good! I love it. It is a burger with cheese, bacon, avocado, jalapenos, mayo, I want to say there is some chamoy sauce on there as well!  I've also tried the Breakfast Torta which is also amazing!!!The food is reasonably priced as well. I bought lunch for three people for twenty bucks! Did I mention that everyone was pleased with their food and is bugging me to take them back? Because that is totally happening.This place is worth the trip to the westside! You'll probably see me there!
<review# 147,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2013,2/19/2014,59,97,2,9,4>Been here twice for brunch, and there is ample seating - no wait time. Their thick french toast is the best, and the fruit that accompanies is fresh and sweet. I've also had their house special lamb sausage which is pretty good also.The only downer is the poor service. The no wait time to be seated is replaced with wait time to hail down your waiter/waitress. Both times, it took a while for us to order as well as get our check. Granted, it did look like there was only 1 waitress for the entire 2nd floor.Tips: - You may have to park on the side streets as the adjacent parking lot is really limited.- For first timers, look for the elevator to enter the building. - Half off mimosas and bloody marys on Saturdays until 1 or 2pm.
<review# 148,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/24/2013,2/18/2014,169,83,2,7,4>Great selection, but get here a bit early. Owner served us and was very sweet and helpful. Good coffee, tasty bagel sandwiches, and quick service. There are precious few bagel-dedicated establishments north of Bitters, so The Bagel Factory is needed. We come here occasionally and stock up, which is my advice on how to do it. Overall, fair price and good quality will keep me as a customer.
<review# 149,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2013,2/17/2014,209,60,3,12,11>This joint is so freakin' legit.  From the structure (a converted old Service Station) to the fresh healthy ingredients, the "big arse" cookies, and the fact that they're family-owned (which is highly evident in the level of service). The garden courtyard/outdoor eating area us really cool as well, except of course in the Texas summer.  Don't forget to check out the craft brew selection next door at the Tap Room.  If you aren't a patron of alcoholic beverages, they offer various teas and a some good flavored Italian pops.  Pretty much the entire menu is a win but I highly recommend my "hybrid" favorite, the Garlic Jalapeño Roast Beef; oh and pizza, by-the-slice!  Oh and last, but not least, Clam Chowder on Friday!  Check'em out, only gripe is they're closed on weekends, oh well even better reason to dine out on weekdays... Peace!
<review# 150,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2013,2/16/2014,277,210,3,6,5>My spouse has been diagnosed as celiac for 30+ years, so when the Living Social coupon came out the day before his birthday, I grabbed it.  I can't begin to describe the look on his face as, for the first time in decades, he read a menu -- all two sides of it -- where he could order absolutely any or everything!  For people for whom avoiding gluten is a medical necessity, Vegeria is food heaven.  The fact that it is vegan wasn't a draw for us . . . but read on . . . The service was great -- everyone was friendly, and when I told them it was my husband's birthday, they even promised him a free dessert.   I ordered the enchiladas, and most definitely would have them again.  Tasty, attractive, and just the right amount of spice.  The ginger kale side was fantastic . .. cold, lightly seasoned, a bit of tang for my tongue's delight.  Let's not worry about the rice which wasn't all that great.  Spouse went for a sandwich - I mean, how often does a celiac get to do that?  Portabella mushroom, avocado, red peppers, other stuff, all on an outstanding herb-flavored flatbread.  His only complaint was the height of the sandwich, and the wetness of the avocado which together made the sandwich fall apart when he tried to eat it.  (If anyone is following my reviews, you'll see I said something similar about another local sandwich recently.  Maybe somebody should tell the restaurants a sandwich is meant to be picked up in the hand, and eaten rather than worn on one's shirt.)  But the flavors were good, even when he had to go at them with his fork.  Again, the sides fell down a bit -- the black beans were wonderful but, though the coleslaw was pretty, it was ho-hum in terms of taste.We settled for water which came with lime instead of lemon -- always a nice touch.  Next time we plan to try their bubble tea. Because definitely, yes, there will be a next time.TIP:  if you don't know where it's located, you could miss it -- it's in what looks like (and probably is) a funky old house, set back from the busy street, with a parking lot in front.  Building shared with an equally interesting bookstore.
<review# 151,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2011,8/27/2011,34,56,3,5,3>I LOVE little neighborhood spots that are hidden gems of the city.  If you are looking for a bakery that is exactly that you should take a little trip to   La Chiquita Bakery, located on the West Side of SA just over the bridge from downtown.  It's a block over from the Guadalupe Cultural Arts Center and they have the BEST donuts around.  That's in my opinion anyway.  This bakery is more of a traditional Mexican bakery with all of the pan de dulce you would imagine except everything is super moist and reasonably priced.  Oh and they make the largest cream puffs I've ever seen.  They are the size of small cantaloupes!Oh, and the history of La Chiquita?  Well, I really don't know but what I DO know is that a elderly woman used to work the counter.  You could barely make eye contact with her from over the counter/bread shelves because she was SO short.  I'm guessing she was "La Chiquita".  At one time the place was pretty non-descript--didn't really catch your eye unless you already knew about it.  Now, the place is run by the son (I'm not sure if anything happened to the elderly woman) and the exterior has had a face lift with a new paint job.If your in the area or if you head up (or down) I-35 through downtown I recommend taking a little detour and picking up a little jolt of sweetness.
<review# 152,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2011,8/26/2011,24,81,1,1,1>The atmosphere and view here is wonderful.  I like the small feel of the place and being able to look out onto Broadway without being too close to the busy street.  Mon Thai has a huge selection of sushi so it can be a bit overwhelming for a first-timer.  The only thing I didn't like was that many of the choices seemed to include mayo or cream cheese - yuck.  I went with the classic choices of the Dragon & California rolls.  Both were fantastic, very fresh-tasting.  I also had their grilled Teriyaki chicken.  To be honest, I wasn't expecting to be blown away, but I was.  The chicken was moist and tender and the sauce was divine.  The service was wonderful, a bit laid back; we were left to enjoy our meal for the most part and I really like that.  I guess if you will need to constantly be requesting something it might be a bit disappointing, but I like being able to enjoy my meal without being asked how I'm doing every 3 minutes.  Overall I really enjoyed my first visit to Mon Thai and I know I will be going back again.  It may not be soon, but eventually I will return.  Yes, the prices can seem a bit steep in today's economy, but I think the tasty meal and pleasant atmosphere makes up for it.
<review# 153,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2011,8/25/2011,31,101,4,6,4>I'm pretty sure that Aldaco's is the best happy hour deal in all of Stone Oak. Not because of the cheap drinks, but because of the FANTASTIC yelp deal of 8 free* bean and cheese nachos upon checking in. I've seriously been here and had 24 free bean and cheese nachos because we were all on separate tickets. On top of that the drinks here are beeeeyond yummy. You can't go wrong with any of their award winning drinks, so just be like me and try them all (;I can't say their food is the best Mexican in the world, but I can say that I'm always happy when happy hour is at Aldaco's.
<review# 154,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2011,8/24/2011,51,79,4,6,4>Given that San Antonio does not have many authentic options for Chinese food, Kim Wah is a hidden gem for those seeking dishes more akin to what your mom would make.  Granted, they do cater to the Americanized Chinese Food crowd, but they have a section in their menu for the real stuff.Food:  I've always found the menu to be robust (for San Antonio) with lots of various options.  The plates are usually well seasoned and flavorful, although the portion size can sometimes be a little small depending on what you get.  The soups generally are well-portioned and dry noodle dishes a little less so.  I was pleasantly surprised to find a place that has a good beef noodle soup!      Service: The wait-staff has always been kind and prompt when we were ordering (although the wait to order can be a little longer than I'd like).  They are generally helpful, especially if I have a question about a dish since I can't read Chinese, and they humor me when I ask them to tell me what the dish is in Mandarin.  Getting the check can be slow, so I recommend that you go up to the cashier in the back and pay when you're ready.  Ambiance:  Kim Wah's unassuming location is hidden in a large strip mall next to a Hobby Lobby and a Cici's Pizza - very easy to miss.  The space inside is spacious, never crowded (which is a shame considering the authenticity of the food), and clean.  They have TV's up on the wall in case you go to grab a meal on your own and want to watch the tube.Pricing: Reasonable pricing.  For a decent Chinese meal, I'm willing to pay a reasonable price, and that's what I get at Kim Wah.  Kim Wah is one of the three authentic Chinese food places I frequent (well, not as much as I should).  The other two are Phoenix Chinese Cafe and Sichuan Cusinie.
<review# 155,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2011,8/23/2011,52,218,2,2,3>The bar has got a fun laid back feel coupled with a great bar staff!  I hadn't been to Easy Street in forever.  The last time I was here it was for lack of a better word lacking in alot of areas. But I have to admit Easy Street has shored up those short comings.  If it wasn't so far away from me I'd be a frequent watering hole for me. If your looking for a chill place then Easy street is right up your alley!
<review# 156,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2011,8/22/2011,6,47,2,4,4>Three stars overall for this restaurant?!?  Are you kidding me?!?  This is the best MEXICAN restaurant in San Antonio.  If you are expecting TEX-MEX crapola, do a 180 when you get to the door of Soluna, throw a rock in the air, hit a nearby Tex-Mex restaurant, and go there to get your grub on.  A good friend of mine, from Toluca, Mexico, who is a graduate of the Culinary Institute of America and a chef in town, recommended this place to me.  I could not have been more pleased with the food or the service.  Based upon my friend's recommendation, I ordered the Soluna Trio Enchiladas.  This plate consisted of a delicious poblano, chipotle, and cilantro enchilada.  To my surprise, my favorite by far was the cilantro enchilada.  As an appetizer we ordered the avocado crab meat with caviar appetizer, based on previous Yelp reviews.  That was very yummy, as well.  A highlight of the meal for me were the salsas.  We tried three different kinds that included a roasted chipotle salsa (similar to Rosario's), a roasted red jalapeno salsa, and what appeared to be a spicy tomatillo salsa.  They were all fantastic, but the roasted chipotle and the roasted red jalapeno were definitely the best of the three.  In addition, our waiter, Omar, could not have been better.  Being very attentive without being annoying is an acquired serving trait and he definitely has it.  Not to mention, we were given a complimentary dessert, which I believe was the empanadas de guayaba.  Although we were full from the meal, we ate every last bite.  The only knock I can give against Soluna are the prices, but considering how wonderful the food and service is I can make an exception.  Thank you, Soluna, for an incredible dining experience.  I will be back to try your mole next time!
<review# 157,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2011,8/21/2011,116,50,10,8,5>Oye, La Marginal:  You are trouble.  Do you hear me?!  El diablo!  I have been doing so well this year - avoiding fatty meats and heavy carbs.  And then, THEN, I walk through your unassuming doors into a paradise of color, hospitality, music, arroz, y carne!  I am defeated.This really is a tiny pocket of big flavor, in every sense of the word.  You couldn't ask for better, especially for the price.  The $8.99 buffet was to die for - arroz con pollo, con gandules, savory red beans, and, the king of all roasted meats, lechon.  Ohhhh, that beautiful pork shoulder that literally fell off the bone as the buffet server (somewhat oxymoronic, I know) sliced off piece after perfect piece.I should have known immediately that I was in for a homestyle feast when my host/server didn't even make an attempt at English.  The interior was covered in colorful murals, with puerto rican music piping through the sound system.  Families munched happily on buffet offerings and pressed sandwiches (which, I can assure you, I will be back to sample).  Folks who said to request the garlic sauce were absolutely correct - spicy and rich, so a little goes a long way, but it is perfect atop their rice and chicken (leave the pork alone, though!).The coconut flan-type desert was a delicious, if rich, end to the meal, which was punctuated by attentive service and smiles from all, both patrons and staff alike.  I sense this is just the beginning of my dance with this particular devil.
<review# 158,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2011,8/20/2011,153,232,3,7,3>This is one of the best places around for sandwiches.  My favorite is the #4 homemade pate on a french roll with lettuce, tomato, cucumber & onion.  Does it get any better than homemade pate?   Fresh & smooth with a complex taste in a word excellent.  Also included is soup, I always choose french onion light and tasty with signature slice of bread on top and cheese on the bottom.  The best part of the meal is the pastry a small cheese puff filled with custard.  I am glad they are not that close to my house so I don't pick them up by the half dozen on a daily basis!
<review# 159,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2011,8/19/2011,75,101,3,8,4>MOXIE: vigor; verve; pep. Yep, the definition is accurate! I feel that as a member of the community of San Antonio, it's my obligation to tell you about a little gem that I found in the Alamo Heights area. Inside this gem, you'll find an amazing girl named Madi who does amazing hair. It's so funny how often we as women just tend to kind of hop back and forth in between salons, weather it's for color, cut or both. I think that it's either one of two things, we get so bored with the way our hair is being done and need a change of pace or we never really LOVED the way that it was being done in the first place, but due to convenience we keep going back. I think for me sometimes it tends to be both, but since I moved here to San Antonio, it was more of the latter. I found Moxie Salon by doing a google search and really couldn't find much about them, but I'm so glad I took my chances. I called on a Tuesday and was actually able to get in with Madi on Thursday. I was even about 5-10 minutes late and hate being late, but she was still very friendly and accommodating. I brought in a few pictures and I can say that she did exactly what I asked and did it with ease. The salon is in a quaint strip and somewhat hidden from the main street & I can understand how some could miss it at first glance, but that would be a huge mistake. The salon itself is clean, understated and very hip. It's by no means a cooperate organization and doesn't make you feel uncomfortable, which is extremely important to me. I know that currently, my frustration is that "growing out" phase and it can get so frustrating, but Madi really took care of me and gave me one of the best hair cuts that I've ever gotten. The shape is perfect and I could actually style it myself when I got ready this morning!. Imagine that! I was told by my other half that he thinks that this is the best my hair has looked since we first met and since being here, this is the first time that I look like "me" again. This was a huge compliment because in all honesty, he hit the nail on the head, my hair is now me again and I couldn't be happier with it!I did speak with her about how I found her and told her I didn't find much & she did tell me that she's in the process of getting up a website, as she's only been where she is for about two years. I really felt like someone as good as she is needed some Yelp love and I'm just glad that I got to be the first! Seriously, take it from not only a picky eater, but a picky salon goer. Moxie is a gem and I'm so glad that I found it. I've already made my mind up to return to Madi. I know she has other girls in the shop that I'm sure are great, but my experience is limited down to her, which is fine by me! She took her time to make sure that my hair was not only liked by me, but that she was happy with the job that she did & that rarely happens anymore. There is no reason not to call up Moxie. The prices are super reasonable, the owner/stylist is super rad & the shop is comfortable. It's so refreshing to go to someone who listens to you and respects personal preference and style and that's exactly what Madi did. 5 stars all the way!
<review# 160,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2010,8/18/2011,285,293,3,7,4>Haven't shopped at many Asian markets in San Antonio, but I've been to several in Dallas. This one is the best one I've found in SA.Tons of produce and meats. It sounds like it's a Korean market, but they have other Asian foods there too. Went there looking for Chinese sausages, and they had them, along about four other kinds of sausage.Seemed like a good selection of canned foods too. There's a little kitchen there if you want to eat there.
<review# 161,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2012,9/28/2012,41,91,3,4,3>I've been coming to this place for years and years - whenever my family was in town, we would always make it a point to stop here and get fajitas.  The whole experience is generally pretty good from start to finish - good chips and salsa, attentive/speedy wait staff, the deliciously Pavlovian sizzle of fajitas, the ridiculing of people who order something like chicken fried steak when they go there (really?!  REALLY?!?!?!), and the comfortingly ritualistic nature of building each tortilla with toppings and meat.  I love being able to watch them make the tortillas (almost as much as eating them).  It's a lovely experience (fajitas for 2 can feed 3-4, I find, which is always nice) and reasonably priced given the portion sizes.
<review# 162,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2012,9/27/2012,88,438,4,9,6>Whew! You DO need a big bib for this place! The best BBQ in the north side, and probably in the center-metro area. The highlight is the brisket, which is done in the rub style. Nice crust without being too thick, nice and juicy without being too fat. Ribs were great - pork short ribs with lots of meat and a rub/sauce combo. This will not be good for folks who like the bigger, fattier beef short ribs, but really worth a go. Also good for folks who are a little intimidated by the larger ones.Sausage was OK -  different than the standard with spice and flavoring you can see built in. Worth trying to see if you like it and a great filler for your three meat plate.Chopped pork was AMAZING. Much juicier than the standard and thick with meat. Not the stringy pulled shoulder pork - this was real meat cut up just for you.Overall a great place. Seating is very limited, so better to carry out than dine in. Slightly cheaper if you do it by the pound for a group instead of by the plate.
<review# 163,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2012,9/26/2012,89,112,3,11,3>This place is a must-go in San Antonio. I feel like I stepped into the Bronx in 1969.Hands down the BEST pizza and some of the best service I've found in town. I've been here about three times since discovering Little Italy Restaurant just a few weeks ago and feel that this place is the best of the best.I like the touches that bring their uniqueness to the forefront .They offer a sample of one cheese slice to each table and all of their tables are covered in vinyl red-checkered tablecloths. Their sample slice convinced us to try their cheese pizza on our second visit since it brought me back to the $1.00-a-slice pizza I grew up eating in New York City. I haven't had the pleasure to have some New York style pizza that tasted as good as Little Italy's since moving from NYC a few years back.On our last visit, our server, Eric really went above and beyond. At first, he took a bit long while to get to us to get our drink orders. But later, he was really attentive, pleasant and got us some dessert on the house. He even offered it to go. Before the meal, I had a cappuccino, and that also did not disappoint.I'd also agree with Eve M.'s review that Little Italy's feel is intimate despite the rather large size of the restaurant. The dining area is "broken up" by doorways, small paths, and more, so there are many seating areas that are situated in small nooks and corners. I'm in love!
<review# 164,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2012,9/25/2012,66,149,4,4,4>I will tell you what I love about Mi terra, more than the food is the atmosphere. You walk in & it is like a scene from a old Mexican neighborhood, one that is familiar to me. With its bright colors, loud sounds, & decor the restaurant invites you in to sit at a loud family table. It is hard not to feel festive here & with its location in the busy mercado, you understand why. The food items that I LOVE; chicken mole enchilada, flautas, any of the soups & the breakfast items. The mole has a nice kick at the end & is full of flavorful shredded chicken breast. The flautas are very long & crunchy, not greasy, served with all the appropriate fixings such as guacamole & sour cream. I love the soups here; nice rich flavor, chicken breast meat used & big cuts of vegetables. Try a caldo or menudo at 2am if you find yourself dizzy or better yet the next day. Mi terra is open 24/7 & serves all menu items, what a treat. This may have tourist prices but it's a stop worth making.
<review# 165,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2012,9/24/2012,88,178,2,7,4>I have been here a number of times and have always had a great experience. The food is out of this world and is right on par with what my grandmother used to make me. The catfish is flavorful, a little overworked for my taste, but still very good. The mac and cheese totally hit the spot and instantly transported me back to my Grammy's kitchen. I wasn't a huge fan of the yams, but again, they weren't bad. By far the most best thing I've tried on the menu thus far has been the shrimp and grits. OMG. They really know how to get the grits just right. Cheesy and silky with a great flavor and mouth texture and then topped with the biggest shrimp you've ever seen. This should be a main dish all on it's own as opposed to an appetizer. Wow. Everyone must try this. I am told that the fried chicken is the bread winner, but seeing as how I am not a big fan of fried chicken I will take other people's word for it. I have yet to try the fried pork chop, but it sounds divine and is on my list of eats for next time I'm in the area (which may have to be this week because I'm getting hungry just writing this review).
<review# 166,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2012,9/23/2012,8,74,2,3,2>For whatever reason,  I seldom venture beyond 1604 to dine unless it is a trip to Rudy's to pick up some BBQ to take home and enjoy. Late in the afternoon on May 20th, my pal, Carla, and I decided to revisit the Grill at Leon Springs. I'd had a couple of good meals there in the past, and it was early enough that we could eat, and still be home in time for 60 Minutes. As it turned out, we forgot all about our favorite TV show this evening.It  was a nice afternoon, so we opted to sit outside on the lovely patio with it's views of the palatial homes of the Dominion. Our server was a very professional and attentive young lady named Kelsey. I chose the tasting menu for $19.95, and had a great poblano and corn soup, followed by a delicious pork tenderloin, and finished my meal with a mixed sorbet. My companion had the blackened Drum for $21.95. I've got to say that both entrees were cooked to perfection. We lingered for a bit over a tres leche cake along with a Grand Marnier for me, and a White Russian for her. This restaurant gets "Two Thumbs Up" from both of us!
<review# 167,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2012,9/22/2012,76,65,2,5,3>We went here last night for the first time after two years of living in San Antonio.  We were always intrigued with the tree in the building and the neon lights stating, "Whiskey,"  "Steak."  Got  here are ound 7:30 p.m. and the place was pretty full.  As soon as we walked in a nice waitress told us to sit anywhere.  There was one booth in the back - Score!We had onion rings for an appetizer (the waitress asked if we wanted half - FYI it's only a $1 off - next time I'm spending the $1 and getting a full order).  They are some of the best I've had.  Not greasy, they were crisp and the guy brought out ranch for dipping sauce (after asking what we would like to dip them in - I always used ketchup before).  Heaven on earth!  We ordered the shrimp and peppercorn ribeye special which my hubby and I split up to have some "surf and turf."  It was all really good.  The green beans have a unique spice to them and were excellent.  The margaritas were really good too but here's a hint we learned after our first round -- on the menu it states $4 something for a margarita -- you can get twice that amount for $2 more ($6 something) for just asking for a large one. Yes please!We we will be back.  Great experience!  I can't believe we waited so long.
<review# 168,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2012,9/21/2012,8,28,2,2,2>This is my go to place for breakfast. It is very easy to miss, just west of downtown before the bridge if you're going west on Buena Vista, even though I grew up in the area I had no idea it was there until my brother told me. What I get here are the breakfast tacos, they are of decent size at a fair price. Even though I can only make it here once or twice a month I can always trust that my waitress will already know my order when I walk in.  Parking is in the rear accessible from Colorado St.  I sometimes call in my order when I can't dine in too.This is the type of place where a person can enjoy a nice, cheap, and leisurely San Antonio breakfast while reading the morning paper and watching the news on the big screen TV without feeling rushed.
<review# 169,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2012,9/20/2012,274,398,2,7,2>I have been wanting to go here for a long time to try the famous chicken fried oysters. Sometimes when you hear so much hype on something there is no way the item can live up to those expectations and one ends up disappointed. This is one of those rare wonderful exceptions where the hype pales in comparison to reality. The Chicken Fried Oysters; Crunchy fried oysters with Sautéed Spinach with Applewood Smoked Bacon, Tart Apples & Whole Grain Mustard Hollandaise. Reminded me of a crunchy Oyster Rockefeller. Fantastic. I also had the Duck Spring Rolls, delicious fried spring rolls with plenty of tasty duck, Glass noodles, Cilantro, Shiitake Mushrooms & Hot Fanny Sauce. A home run, knocked clean out of the park. Cannot wait to go back for more.
<review# 170,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2012,9/19/2012,37,19,8,5,9>I feel free!  They're serious about food - and they'll make a believer out of you.The old building was cool, but the new(er) location in King William is definitely a sight to be seen - this is probably the only way that I'll ever be admitted to a convent.  Okay, it *used* to be a convent - now it's one of the coolest restaurants in town!Everything they have is unique to Liberty Bar, and definitely with their own twist - start off with an appetizer. Specifically, the Drunken Goat Cheese Plate: mimolette, mrie, mahón & Drunken Goat cheese (not sure what that is, but it requires being neither drunk nor a goat to appreciate - and it's awesome) with roasted almonds, dried cherries, jalea de membrillo & Bexar County crackers.  After that's got your motor running, it's time for the main course - great twists on "standard" American fare -  venison burger, grilled cheese (gruyere OR muenster), .  and man oh man the lamb sausage!  It's a contention of mine that the cuter an animal is, the better it tastes - the lambs they use for these sausages must be cuter than Shirley Temple pulling a red wagon full of puppies!For the thirsty, the full bar is always stocked - I like to grab a Shiner or, when I'm feeling saucy, a michelada.  But margaritas, gin & tonics, and all the usual drinks are up for grabs and very very satisfying!Like jazz?  Like traditional jazz?  Then be here on the first and third Saturday of the month and Charleston the night away to San Antonio's world-renowed Jim Cullum jazz band!Is that enough?  That should be enough!  I cant believe you're still reading this and aren't on the way already!
<review# 171,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2012,12/8/2012,211,179,4,6,3>Green, I LOVE YOU!  We are here weekly (and quite often more than just once a week).  Be it breakfast, lunch, or dinner, Green has never done us wrong (aside from their IMPOSSIBLE to find Geocache, but won't hold that against them).  I'll be hitting my two year anniversary as a Vegetarian Oct 2012 and Green has made it so much easier to get to this point.  But Green isn't exclusively for us Veg Heads.  Before I went Veg, I'd come here and still enjoyed it and have brought several groups of friends and coworkers here and they've loved it as well.Be sure to get on the email list as they're loaded with specials, upcoming events, and every now and again, some great money saving coupons.  The staff is great also and chances are, you'll see the owner working the room and chatting up customers.  Great service and great vibe/energy here.  They also have a wonderful, pet friendly, patio!  Regarding the food: what can I say that hasn't already been covered?  Great, fresh, locally grown tasty grub that'll satisfy any need.  A wide variety of foods and food types scattered all over the menu give even the most picky eaters plenty to choose from. Personal favs include but are not limited to: cheesy chop, buffalo sandwich, avocado eggs Benedict, migas, eggplant parm sandwich, and pretty much any of their awesome desserts!  Also LOVE their mint hibiscus tea.  Don't miss out, MAKE SURE you order at least one of the amazing fresh made teas.    You done reading this?  Great, so I'll see you at Green in about 15 mins, that work for you? ;)
<review# 172,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2012,12/7/2012,45,155,2,4,4>Wonderful place for date nights and gatherings with small groups. Bella really cares about its customers and the quality of the food. I make a point to go for every special occasion I have input on. The intimate atmosphere can't be beat and meals are always delicious. This place changed the way I look at Riverwalk restaurants. Ask for Patrick to be your server if you plan to go in advance.
<review# 173,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2012,12/6/2012,12,67,4,5,3>I don't love The Friendly Spot because it's kid-friendly and has a playground. A bunch of kids running around while I'm trying to relax with a cold beer usually results in the opposite effect. I love kids, but not when I'm at a bar.But here's why I do love The Friendly Spot: it's the combination of beer selection, decent Tex-Mex bar food that's available till close 7 days a week, the friendly service (the bartender that looks and sounds like Seth Rogen is always especially cheerful), and the (usually) relaxing outdoor setting, where everyone's there for the same reason you are. To avoid the stampede of niños, I like to go during the week on the late end. Except during the summer. Apparently kids around here don't have bedtimes in the summer.  One other word of warning:  the michelada mix is intense.  Very spicy, even for someone who likes spice.  When I've ordered it they fill the cup 2/3 full with the mix and I can't possibly get enough beer in there to get the right combination.  It's a pretty good mix, but I suggest asking them to take it easy when filling the cup, or order second beer at the same time to keep your mouth from exploding.
<review# 174,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2012,12/5/2012,88,438,9,2,7>Here's to you, Mr. Bagpipes-On-the-Riverwalk-Player (Mister Bagpipesontheriverwalk plaaaaa-ayh-ayher)Every night, you hang out under a bridge playing for tourists who just came from Rainforest Cafe. The juxtaposition of Irish and Scottish melodies in a city with Spanish heritage leaves them dumbfounded.(Honey, get the camera)Every cent you collect is a penny less for mariachis and the guy who sells glowsticks.(It's burning a hole in my pocket)You can't be bothered to give directions or history lessons. You are too busy keeping that steady bagpipe drone going.(Which way to the Marriot?)So crack open an ice cold Bud Light, Mr. Bagpipes-On-the-Riverwalk-Player. Because there's no open container law on the Riverwalk. (Mister Bagpipesontheriverwalk plaaaaa-ayh-ayher)budlightbeeranheuserbuschsaintlouismissouri
<review# 175,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2012,12/4/2012,28,210,2,2,2>This is our new local spot for pizza.  It's not the best in town but it's definitely good - in my own personal San Antonio pizza hierarchy, this place falls in between Trilogy and Miss Ellies (better than Miss Ellies, not as good as Trilogy).   Royal Pizza is very thin crust with lots of topping options.  I have explored a bit but I tend to keep it traditional - the margherita and pepperoni pizzas being our favorites.  The pizzas are small - my wife and I usually get 1 each and that leaves some for leftovers.
<review# 176,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2012,12/3/2012,37,47,3,2,2>Oh, yes. This is "burger" in its finest form. I decided on a random Monday to go here on my own. The bacon cheddar burger - although pretty dang spendy at over $8! - was reallllly yummy. I was sorry to see it go - when I finished it. Everything about this burger tasted fresh. And there was plenty of everything on it. I left off the tomato, only for personal preferential reasons - it makes a burger hard to deal with - and next time I'd likely leave off the onion, only because it was a ring about 1/4"-1/2" wide, and that also made it a little difficult to handle. It was red onion, though, and pretty tasty. Whoa...I just saw some pictures on Foursquare and realized...THEY HAVE TOTS?!?! Oh, had I only paid attention. I'd have been on those like ugly on an ape. DANG. Well, on the upside, thanks to a little app called Qliq, I got a BOGO on my next visit. Looking forward to hauling the bf there. I think he'll like it.
<review# 177,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2012,12/2/2012,67,64,2,5,5>I absolutely love Earl Able's.  I am even more impressed by the fact that this staple in San Antonio cuisine serves grass fed local beef.  In addition, they have menu specials that change daily. (May I suggest the potato au gratin).  They are known for their fried chicken, and while it is delicious, they have a multitude of menu options that will make your mouth water.  I'm not a big dessert eater, but one look at their fresh pie bar is enough to make anyone crave a slice of homemade fresh pie.  The meringue is always slightly browned and perfectly frothed.  If you're too full, purchase a full pie to take home. They are well worth the calories! There is not a thing on the menu that I haven't thoroughly enjoyed.  I am sure you too will find that you really can't go wrong with enjoying any meal at Earl Abel's.
<review# 178,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2012,12/1/2012,274,398,4,6,5>This place puts the Happy in Happy hour. half price specialty drinks and small plates. I love the atmosphere. great re-purposed old building and the shared patio are fantastic. The specialty drinks are amazing. My two favorites are the Chocolate Razz Berry Tini and the Prickly Pear Margarita. The calamari and french fries are both winners. So is the Colorado lamb sandwich. Next time you need to get your happy on remember Zinc Bistro and Wine bar.
<review# 179,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2012,11/30/2012,89,112,3,3,5>Super friendly owner! I tried the braised pork sliders, and they were ready really quick! They were prepared with egg salad on the bun... how cool is that? Well, I loved it! The sliders typically are served w/ hot sauce, but my puny New York self still can't handle any "hotness" so it was left off with no problem. Don't judge. My friend also tried it and loved it.I'm so glad to have a place like this in San Antonio. I'll be back soon..
<review# 180,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2012,11/29/2012,66,149,4,8,5>This is such a fun place!! You can hipster watch as the bikers (of the cycling nature) come peddling in, all in the glow of the hemisphere needle. Of course the lively scene is graced by the likes of one awesome DJ; Augusto (also plays friendly spot). He really keeps the mood hip & airy. What's best about this outdoor spot is of course the food & beer. The beer spot has a good selection, with yes some local Texas varieties & for a decent price. I've tried Wheelie & takoriya, both amazing. Wheelie serves up Moroccan style cuisine which is dear & familiar to my heart, so I was so happy to not be dissapointed. Honestly the best middle east style gyro I've had & I've lived in the middle east. Neil the owner takes his cooking seriously & seasons things very well. His chicken tangine was also incredible, in both the meat very tender & condiments chosen with great care. Wheelie is really the 5 star, takoriya was probably more 4 but also good & worth trying again. I will say a big difference is Wheelie took 5 min to get my food, while tako took 1min. Now in this case more time meant better. You want fast food but too fast leaves you wishing they would've taken longer. Alamo eats is a fun stop with some great choices.
<review# 181,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2010,6/19/2010,42,75,3,6,4>I was so excited to find out about the farmer's market at Pearl. Having experienced the exceptional Farmer's Markets in Norcal for the past 10 years or so, It made moving back to S.A. a little less of a culture shock. Yes, there is a lot of work to be done, but it's great to see everyone supporting the community and local growers. As for the gripes about pricing, every farmer's market Ive ever been to charges a premium for their goods. Personally, I prefer local grown over the cheaper stuff from other countries. Much of the produce is not certified organic but it is grown without pesticides, you just have to ask.
<review# 182,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2010,6/18/2010,61,62,5,6,5>This is the best Vietnamese restaurant in San Antonio, by far. The first thing I noticed when I walked in was the abundance of Vietnamese customers that were there. I remember thinking, "Wow.. There's actually Vietnamese people eating here.. This place MUST be good," and it is. I'm very used to walking into a Vietnamese restaurant in San Antonio and being the ONLY Vietnamese person, and quickly realizing why. They have one of the largest menus of any Vietnamese restaurant in SA, with a variety of foods ranging from the normal pho, vermicelli, and rice dishes to some Thai and Chinese dishes as well. I always get the pho. The broth is very flavorful and hearty. They are not stingy with the meat, as most of the Viet restaurants are here. The help is very attentive, particularly this one server who may seem a bit overzealous at times with her "Hewo my fwenz!!" but just wants to make sure you have everything you need. I see some people complaining about it, but it's better than having an irritated server who doesn't really listen to what you just ordered or care if you've been waiting for a refill for 45 minutes. Go to Dick's if you don't like good service.
<review# 183,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2010,6/17/2010,190,18,2,4,3>Liberty Bar is probably my favorite restaurant in San Antonio. It serves grown-up food, fresh, real and healthy. It reminds me of the cafes and diners I grew up with in New England -- kind of casual picnic gourmet.Try the Portobello Sandwich with Grilled Potato Slices or the Pear & Stilton Salad, add some salmon at dinner.The restaurant recently has moved from its iconic leaning building into a renovated school and convent in King William.
<review# 184,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2010,6/16/2010,117,143,2,2,3>Sunday night is Texas Beer Night! All TX beers at a special low price. Visit on Wed evenings for cup night & take home a special glass!I've been frequenting the Saucer since 2005, and I'm sure you won't regret it!This place offers an insane number of obscure beers on tap every day of the week. While they occasionally run out of one or two staples, they're quickly replenished, so fear not!To satisfy your carnal desire for beautiful women in short skirts, the servers at the Saucer sport plaid skirts, knee high socks, and the beer t-shirt or tank top of their choice (from the Saucer's stock of branded paraphernalia).Don't forget to join the UFO Club and take your tour of 200 beers to earn your plate and moment in BEER HISTORY! Ok it's not that epic, but you'll feel truly accomplished once you secure your place among the beer-drinking greats at the Saucer.The Flying Saucer also offers a full menu of decent food. It's better than bar food, and it's not bad if you're just there for the food actually. Just don't ask for any Anheuser-Busch products and you'll be fine.Prost!
<review# 185,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2010,6/15/2010,75,101,3,7,4>I really have to start by saying something to Elsa in this review...when I initially read your review and saw that you said "Ms. Crabbypants was less edgy tonight", I was like wow, wonder if we'll encouter her....well we DID. Oh, it was a long Wednesday, like most usually are and we decided chinese sounded good and initially thought take-out, but I had been wanting to try this place and being that it isn't really so close to us, we decided to just dine in and that the food would be better this way. Seven O'Clock and the place wasn't packed, but it had a number of people so this is usually a good sign. We were both starving, but being that this is a new place and it could go either way on the good food/bad food scale, we didn't get an appetizer, but opted to just go for the standard dinner for each of us that comes with soup, eggroll and crab rangoon. I really liked that this option was on the menu because so many times, we go to a Chinese place and because he likes more meat and I like more veggies, we normally get two different dishes that end up being huge and don't come with anything but rice. That being said, we always have a ton of left-over's and chinese left overs really aren't my favorite. So, there's my reasoning for that. The meal was around 7.50 a person, which in my opinion is pretty reasonable. So, guess who took our drink orders? Yes, that's right...Ms. Crabbypants. That she was. You say thank you and she says nothing and just slams the drink on the table. It was pretty funny though because as the meal on she got so much friendlier....weird, but nice. So, the food...the food was really great. It was fresh and even the general's chicken still has some crunch. It was obviously only lightly wok fried because it didn't have that thick skin of gooey batter all around it. The sauces on both dishes were nice and light. Not over-powering and not over sweet or overly spicy like you get at some places....I think for me that's why it's so hard to find a chinese food favorite because they're usually so inconsistant...it's either too sweet or too spicy. This was perfect. More traditional I guess? The portion size was perfect, althought I could have gone with more rice, but I am a rice fiend and that is an easy solution, just ask for more!By this time in our experience....the lady who had initially been a bit rude and just unpersonable became very sweet and even asked "you want a box?" I said no and she said "Oh, but was it okay?" I say, of course. Overall, there isn't anything I could say was bad about this place. The only reason I didn't give it more stars is because for this particular visit, the soup wasn't really hot, more luke warm. I know, not a big deal to some and that's okay! The crag rangoon had no crab in it. Don't get me wrong, still delicious, but not a crab rangoon. Now, I could be wrong on this...the menu may have called it a "cheese puff" and if that's the case then awesome, it was a cheese puff, but I'm used to those being crab rangoons. The iced tea was fresh and she was really great about refilling drinks etc. The only other thing that kept me from giving an additional star is that it was pretty warm in there and it's really hard to have an amazing dining experience when it's too warm. Does that make me weird? No. I can say that if this place were closer to home, we would be more frequent guest, but it just isn't, but I'm sure we'll return. This place for two meals and two drinks only cost us 21.00 and that included the tip. Winner for sure. My boyfriend even went so far as to saying "I think this may be my new favorite for now." That means something! Go here!
<review# 186,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2009,6/14/2010,221,1159,1,6,7>I've seen a good deal of pizzerias that tout their pies as New York-style. I've seen an equal share that brag that their pizzas are "authentic," which is usually meant to convey the same thing. Everyone strives for that authentic New York style because there is an unspoken consensus (unless you're from Chicago, or to a lesser extent, St. Louis) that New York has the best pizza around. Some claim that it's not possible to reproduce this pizza anywhere because of the water or a slew of other magical reasons, but pragmatically, it's not replicated as well outside of the east coast because those folks who are good at it didn't want to move west to share it with other parts of the nation. Ipso facto, California has some pretty crappy pizza.However, San Antonio is lucky to have some Jersey transplants who decided to share their talent with us. Florio's pizza is the most authentic NY-style pizza that I have had in the city, bar none.  The smells, the tastes, and the atmosphere is as true to form as you're going to find in the Alamo City, and it's a pleasure to know that I can get their pizzas with only a short drive to Dijon Heights. I feel it's pointless to go into descriptions about the pizza itself - if you've had it, you know what it tastes like, and if you haven't had it, you need to try it.
<review# 187,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2010,6/13/2010,88,312,5,5,4>Fro-Yo is all the new rage!  It has "almost" replaced tapioca drinks as the IT store to be owned by Asian people.  Seriously!  There are a few fro-yo places in SA but this is the only one that I know of that does the sale by how many ounces you buy, which to me, is a better deal.  They charge 40cents/oz, while other places automatically charge you $3 for a small cup + $1 for every topping (highway robbery!).  Boyf and I happened to be in the area eating dinner so we swung by here to get a quick dessert on-the-go.  I got a trio of pineapple, raspberry, and strawberry - topped with mango and granola!  YUM!  Light and refreshing.Boyf got the espresso flavor with nuts for his topping.  The flavor was spot on and great for coffee lovers!Our total was $4 for both.  Not too shabby, eh?  Of course, if you load up your cup then you pay more, but half of the container is plenty for moi.  Decoration is minimalistic but there are a few tables to sit at if you want to dine-in.  Maybe I should open a fro-yo place on my side of the 'hood?
<review# 188,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2010,6/11/2010,194,166,8,11,11>If you want some good ole' slap your mama soul food then Mama Lee's is the place to go. Conveniently located near Lackland AFB, this mom and pop joint (or "boutique restaurant" if you're uppity lol) has many southern staples such as fried chicken, smothered pork chops, fried fish and a dozen veggies.  I came here with many family members who were in town for Thanksgiving. We all sampled many different items and most of it was pretty good. I had fried chicken with string beans and mac and cheese and was very satisfied with my choice. The string beans were flavored very well and weren't too salty. The mac and cheese was homemade and cheesy, which I always appreciate. The fried chicken was good but could have been seasoned a little more. Other dishes that got compliments were the Fried Catfish, red beans and rice, yams and I believe the collards. Also, according to my brother in law Big John, the peach cobbler is to die for. So whenever you get tired of the typical SA meals of Mexican or BBQ, put a little soul in your belly by visiting Mama Lee's. Service is friendly and you'll feel at home!
<review# 189,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2010,6/10/2010,17,56,6,5,6>Am I allowed to review this joint if I haven't actually had any pizza here?  Of course I am. Because I do what I want.  I felt guilty about stuffing my face with cookies all day at work so I only wanted something light for dinner.  (So I went to a pizza place, naturally.)  My girlfriend and I split what I call the Big Baby Juicy Mozzarella Ball (which is actually called something more official and much sexier-sounding) and is their play on a Caprese salad.  A big juicy, perfect delicious ball of the creamiest, most luscious mozzarella was placed in front of us on a plate doused with truffle oil and balsamic vinegar, surrounded by gorgeous yellow and vibrant red tomatoes and topped with a sprinkle of basil. (Cue Chicago singing in my head: "You're the meaning in my life, you're the inspirationnnn!")After we gazed at it lovingly for .5 seconds,  we devoured it like a pack of wolves.  Even our waiter said "Wow, that was fast." HEAVEN! We sat outside on the patio and it was a perfect early-summer night.  The patio was packed (with lots of pretty people, btw) but we still got amazing service.  I felt a little awkward looking at their wine list since, though I enjoy wine, I don't really know anything about it (and I'm cheap).  There were a lot of types of wine I had never seen before and some had hefty price tags. (If I had $80 to spend on wine, I would buy 10 boxes of Franzia...) However, the great sommelier Fabian was by my side and calmed my fears.  I ended up with a great glass (or 3) of wine. Don't ask what it was because I can't remember...We topped off the night with a Tiramisu that looked and tasted like a cloud of sugar glee. Inside is beautiful and I can't wait to go back on a chilly fall night and sit and sip big glasses of red wine.  All of the ratings here are well-deserved!
<review# 190,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2009,6/9/2010,285,293,3,9,3>Good yogurt and selection of toppings! They sell real frozen yogurt, not the TCBY kind. I got the cranberry pomegranate with almonds and cocoa pebbles in it. It was delicious.The decor leaves a lot to be desired in there. Feels very sterile and bleak with all the gray and white. They need a sofa and some colors in there. I think it's great that they have compostable cups and spoons, but they don't have a composter to put them in, so that's a missed opportunity. Also, I think they should advertise the benefits of live cultures more.
<review# 191,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2012,3/22/2013,46,93,4,4,5>Um... this review is about the lunch/cafe/pre-nightlife part of Sparky's Pub.I'm reading all of these reviews and, like, thinking "whaaaat?" I can't attest to any of that sh--, but here's the down-low of Sparky's during daylight.Great place to eat, study and relax. Inside or outside. Patio tables outdoors, and inside - while small - are a row of bar chairs in the front and tables on the side. Warm and inviting, wine bar type of vibe.The sandwiches are sooo good. Chipotle chicken salad? Yes, please. It's huge. And you have more than one type of bread? Bonus!  Oh, you serve coffee -- iced coffee?! Thank you sir, may I have another!The salads and soups are great, too... and of course, they have wine, beer, etc. etc.I only spent just over $10 for my sandwich, chips and coffee.  Per-fect.ONLY THING IS... It seems like they open at a different time every weekday.  11am... 3pm... Sometimes I drive by and the OPEN sign is on... other times it is not.But, apparently once they're open, they're open until 2am 7 days/week, which is pretty great.Plenty of parking before the crowds pick up (e.g. Pegasus, Heat, Luther's)Staff here is always friendly and the restrooms are actually, oh, I don't know... clean.Now for the after-hours Sparky's... I'll let you know soon.
<review# 192,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2012,3/21/2013,50,73,5,11,6>WOW!! What an unexpected treat! This is definitely the kind of place only the locals know about. I am a Sushi fanatic & I fell in love. Honestly, I never would have stopped here, maybe even if a local had told me to go. The exterior is not appealing in any way, I probably wouldn't have even been able to find it as I wouldn't have recognized it. But, as the saying goes, it's what's on the inside that counts! First of all, shoes of as you come through the door. I didn't mind honoring the custom, although the floor was kind of icky on my bare feet. Solution: Bring Socks! I overlook this in my rating because the food & service more than made up for it.The a la carte sushi menu is priced about average for most places I've been, yet the pieces are 3 times as big as what you normally get! And it's so good! They don't have a long list of fancy rolls, only a few of the more traditional ones. And that is how I would best describe this place, traditional. Shoes off, sit on the floor, focus where it should be...on the FISH!!The service is great as well. Our waiter was funny & charming & took fantastic care of us.Best tip: Don't order as much as you would at the higher end places. The servings are generous. Start low, order more if need be :)
<review# 193,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2013,3/20/2013,39,182,3,7,5>I've been stalking this establishment for quite sometime now. Upon my investigation  there has been many a times the Converse squad cars have been parked outside. I am a firm believer that our boys in blue know where the good food is.  Well tonight I finally got my chance! They have a nice selection to choose from; hot & cold sandwiches, burgers, hotdogs, & a kids menu. The package includes main item, a side, & a drink.  They even have pictures of selected menu items above the counter. Since I'm still searching for a delicious burger in SA town I gave the cheeseburger a shot. The burger patty was good, nicely seasoned. The patty was thin and fit the bun, however it was not overcooked, in fact juices were flowing (in the burger.) The sourdough bun had a sweet taste to it.  It was a bit too much bun, so if you're watching carbs then I would forgo the bun or at least half of it.  The fries were cooked right, crispy edges on the outside and soft potato goodness on the inside. I couldn't tell if they were hand cut, however, they were still delicious. Fries were seasoned with a sprinkle of coarse salt. This may not be the best burger in San Antonio, but as far as I'm concerned it is the best burger in Converse. It seems like a family operated restaurant, who are very courteous and even did table checks. So let's root for the little guy and hit up Rocket's Feed before Diner's, Drive-Ins, & Dives ruin it all (no offense Guy, love your show.)
<review# 194,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2013,3/19/2013,242,220,3,3,3>Cha Cha's is a great place to unwind after a busy day with a tasty margarita! They have a long list of flavors and tonight Coconut had my name on it. I ordered their Filete that comes with grilled onions and jalapeño. Flour Tortillas are made in house and this small detail makes a huge difference.The decoration reminds you of hanging out at someone's patio who expanded their deck and added XMas lights and artificial plants.
<review# 195,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2012,3/18/2013,14,65,2,9,2>Towers of the Americas is not to be confused with the Chart House that is the restaurant that is on top of the Towers.  My wife and I went to the Towers to catch dinner and look out over San Antonio. If you eat at the Chart House you can get onto the Tower for free.  The sights were breathtaking.  The inner wall depicts the history of Texas. There is a semi wall that has a map of what you are looking at.  When my wife and I  were up there was a storm moving into San Antonio.  It was cool watching the storm roll in.
<review# 196,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2012,3/17/2013,36,48,4,10,3>I would give this place 6 stars if I could! Where to start...This place had a 25min wait on at 10:30am on a Friday morning... That should say it all, but I'll elaborate ;)They have a new system for checking in. You approach the hostess stand and they get your name and a phone number. They use your number to text you when your table is ready! So progressive; I love it!! The waiting area outside is beautiful, and on a gorgeous morning like this morning, I wouldn't mind sitting out there for an hour! :) When you walk into the restaurant, the layout is... different. Instead of your typical open restaurant layout, there are 3 different rooms. The whole restaurant smells like bacon and pancakes. In other words, AMAZING. Now, I've walked into restaurants and smelled something delicious and I ordered something that I THOUGHT would taste like that delicious smell. Sadly, I've been disappointed many a time. Not Magnolia's!! I smelled something buttery and delicous, ordered a waffle, and I got something buttery and delicious! Not to mention fluffy and sweet! Now we're gettin into the food...If you can't decide, allow me to list out a few things...Corned Beef HashApple Cinnammon PancakesWafflesMagnolia Browns (hashbrowns)Biscuits and gravyPractically everything on the menu....Hope that helps! :P Every time I come here, I yell at my stomach for not being bigger so I can eat everything I want to. Enjoy!!!
<review# 197,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2012,3/16/2013,245,102,4,6,6>Man, I love this place.  It's my usual Wednesday night spot.  It's just your basic bar, but on Wednesdays, they host StrEAT, so you can get some awesome food truck food to eat with your beer.  Before 9, my draft Woodchuck is always $2.50, and $2 you call its after 9.  It takes quite a lot to actually run up a big tab here.  It's a chill place, with bathrooms that don't make you want to bleach yourself, friendly bartenders, and cheap drinks.
<review# 198,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2013,3/15/2013,90,93,5,6,5>I gathered 3 girlfriends for a Fat Tuesday HH and could think of no other place I'd rather spend my money and time than Luce! The HH menu is extensive, delicious and very affordable. We ordered the Insalata di Mare (seafood salad), fried artichoke quarters, Margherita pizza, fried calamari and Bianco pizza. Each dish was large enough to share between four. Alex, our bartender, was on the ball and even overheard me mention that I wonder if they would put artichoke hearts and olives on the Blanca pizza and it only made it more scrumptious. There was very little left over at the end as each dish was amazing. The owner Joe is cares a great deal about his guests and ensures that any question is answered and shows great passion about the food and its preperation/presentation. I need to find another 'reason' to visit. SOON.
<review# 199,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2012,3/14/2013,838,696,2,6,4>This place is pretty sweet! Lots of comfortable chairs to sit and lounge around on and drink your coffee and look cool. They give free refills on coffees. I was a little confused about the macchiatto, but maybe that's because I haven't been drinking it right all along. It was tiny. I guess I'm used to ventes and grandes. Gah! They offer free wifi. The place is really clean, and attractively decorated. Check out the detail that they've put into the ceilings! There's a big sign that says, "Cash required for all transactions" or something to that effect, but they don't mean it. They really do take credit cards. I like the fact that the creamers are real cream, and they have all kinds of additions for you to add to your teas and coffees. It's kind of fun that the place opens up into Bike World, so you can grab your cuppa, and check out some bicycles! The staff was really friendly, and fast. Love it!
<review# 200,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2012,3/13/2013,34,107,2,2,2>HANDS DOWN BEST PIZZA IN SA!  I've been here many times and always walk out a happy camper with a full belly and happy taste buds.  The things I keep coming back for:1. BURRATA CAPRESE: House-made mozzarella filled with a mascarpone-ricotta-truffle oil filling and Rain Drop Farms heirloom tomatoes - you can't go wrong with truffle and cheese; it's just not possible2. ANTIPASTO: Roasted vegetables, olives, cured meats & cheese - this is a modest description of this plate. The roasted veggies are perfect.  The flat bread is AMAZING; sometimes I want to ask for three servings....  The marinated wood-roasted olives are amazing.  This grape, onion, and mustard seed stuff is mysterious and delicious.  The meats and cheeses are great too.3. Some of my favorite pizzas would have to be the FONTINA and the ARUGULA & PROSCIUITTO.  I'd recommend going on a week night if you don't want to wait for a table.  However, it's worth the wait on a weekend too!
<review# 201,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2011,2/4/2012,9,40,,7,3>Sandbar is simply the best seafood in San Antonio. Put yourself in their hands and you'll have a great meal.I recommend the Crab Salad, which is a huge meal in itself. Fresh raw oysters were excellent. A former regular item on the menu was Lobster Bisque, which wasn't available on my last visit. If you see it as a special, try it. I've never had bad service here.Sandbar isn't cheap, but it is worth the money (and better than sister-restaurant Il Sogno, IMHO).
<review# 202,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2011,2/3/2012,39,182,4,3,4>I should be hung from my toenails when I realized I haven't reviewed the Saucer. Oh the humanity!!!!First off, if you come in here and I happen to hear you order a miller lite I may slap you and then buy you a real beer. Come here for the beer first and the food second. Let's start off with the food, it's kinda hard to elevate bar food. They meet the standards of it being satisfying, however, you can only go so far with cheese fries. The sandwich portions are pretty hearty though. The pretzels are tasty, even better when dipped in beer (could be me.) If you're going to come here more than once, then join the beerknurd club. Even if it takes you 20 yrs to drink 200 beers at least you're moving towards a goal. Also, ask the bartenders, hell even the servers are knowledgeable and not just a bunch of pretty faces. Tell them what beer you like and let them help you match it to something you've never tried.  I prefer all of Avery, Left Hand, & Oskar Blues brews (notice the CO. pattern here, they make some damn fine beer.)Now for those who are on the fence about this place. It is very popular to hang out with friends, by yourself, or with your four-legged friend (dog, sorry no cats.) Get here before 7pm if you want a table, 6pm if it's special glass night. Or else you're playing the stand and stalk game. Bring your dog on the patio, which interesting enough, I've never seen anyone's dog use the doggie lavatory. So expand your beer horizon and land at the Flying Saucer. You won't be disappointed.
<review# 203,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2011,2/2/2012,101,497,1,14,8>I've been waiting for Meemo's to open for awhile now since its across from my daughters daycare. They just opened and are still working out some of the new business kinks (computer malfunctions during my visit)! So far so good with the look of the shop. They have a great display case including a spinning cake display. I'm pretty curious how they do special order cakes as far as pricing goes. There is a large room in front for special order meetings. There was a decent selection of large cupcakes for $2.50, several unique flavors of muffins as well as cookies. The honey nut chocolate chip was a little dry, but it was late in the day. Personally I liked it because it reminded me of the way my moms cookies taste. They have curb side service between 6 or 7 to 9 am. Alls you have to do is call ahead and they'll bring out your order (includes coffee orders). Cool!After eating our brightly colored cupcakes, especially my daughters enjoyment for the rainbow cupcake, I'm excited to have a new cupcake stop after a good day!
<review# 204,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2011,2/1/2012,88,438,4,5,4>It's so refreshing to see a business that sticks to what it knows and adapts to meet demand. Everything worth saying has already been said about the amazing burgers and nachos. Let's talk about what really sets this place apart. First, the menu is simple. Very simple. You're here for one reason, they do that one reason amazingly well and if you want something different you should probably go somewhere else. I can't express how many amazing places are ruined by overreaching  or following the crowd. Bravo for sticking with what works and perfecting it.Second, you don't have to tolerate a lot of the things that drag other small businesses down. These folks have BEEPERS for your burger! A gigantic row of condiments. About a dozen ketchup dispensers. Holy hell, they have perfected the experience to eliminate standing around aimlessly. Just amazing how they use technology, efficiency, and mass to overcome a common pitfall. Not only is the food great, but the experience is spot on.
<review# 205,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2011,1/31/2012,22,52,,7,6>New joint at Broadway and 410---had to try it tonight.  Capparelli's gave it a go at this location not too long ago but boo, it didn't make it very long.  Tonight we started with the summer rolls.  You could smell the peanut sauce waft through the air as the wait staff brought our appetizer to the table.  The rolls were refreshing on a hot summer night.Pad Woon Sen is my fave Thai dish so I always try it at all the Thai restaurants I find.  The dish was flavorful and plentiful.  Just the right amount of kick to the spicy nature of the dish.  My one complaint was the noodles were stove hot but the pork was lukewarm.  I want my whole meal to be the same level of hot straight from the stove. The service was quick and efficient.  The chef even made an appearance at the table to make sure that our meal was satisfactory.  4 Stars out of 5PS:  They deliver so I will have to try their lunch menu soon.PPS:  There were a handful of diners there tonight and I heard them all praise their meals as well.PPPS:  Hope this place makes it in this weird, right by the airport, location.
<review# 206,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2011,1/30/2012,305,113,3,5,3>El Jalisco has been tempting me with signs of breakfast and lunch specials since they opened 3 weeks ago. Today I figured, what the heck. My heart broke a bit when I walked in as it's located where Tin Star Tacos used to be. I almost teared up when I saw the coke machine still had one of their "Notoriously Famous Taco" signs on it. Luckily, the smells from the kitchen quickly made me forget of that Tin Stuff...place. I was greeted quickly and sat in comfy booth. Chips, salsa and queso...yes I said queso, where brought to my table while I glanced over the extensive menu. My super cute server pointed out the daily specials.  And these are not just lunch specials, these are all day long come from 11am-11pm specials for $5.50. I choose the sizzling molcajete with grilled beef & chicken fajitas, ranchero sauce and cheese. Immediately my super hot lava rock molcajeta came out and I got a mini facial from all the steam!! Kinda nice. ;) I couldn't wait to dig in to this puppy. But beware! Molcajetes stay hot forever. 20 minutes in and I still burned my tongue a little. Served with rice and beans and 2 tortillas. The server didn't mention this when I asked but more tortillas will cost you $0.30 each. No worries, they are worth it. The corn tortillas are soft, sturdy and plenty big. Service was prompt, the lunch crowd was busy but not overwhelming. Novelas on Univision were on the flat screen. Alcohol license has been applied for.  Happy hour anyone? Breakfast with my fave compliment to Mexican food, pancakes also served. Oh yeah. Sorry Tin Star, I'll miss you but welcome El Jalisco!!
<review# 207,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2011,1/29/2012,165,85,3,3,1>GREAT concept, nice room, never a wait for a table, you get your salad or soup fast.But the wait on line at the grill can vary, though there are some theatrics in watching the cooks prepare everyone's meal.(One of the grill cooks became the manager!  That was nice to see.  Also, please leave tips for the cooks in those tin buckets -- I noticed that very few people do that.)However, as other reviewers have indicated, the food is generally overcooked, and the taste distinctions are lost.  This is probably due to the fact that the grill is only scraped down with water, so what you are tasting is an amalgamation of ALL of the sauces from other diners' selections.After the third trip to the grill, the food just all tastes the same.But being that it's all you can eat, can anyone really complain?NOTE:  they do not post their hours at the front door.  I went there once to learn it was closed, and another time, I was told they were closing in 30 minutes (that was about 8 pm).  Here on the Yelp profile, it says that they close at 10 pm, but I highly doubt that.  Call ahead for confirmation.
<review# 208,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2011,1/28/2012,45,27,2,7,2>A fine new idea for San Antonio -- sleek, modern, clean design, with some very tasty offerings and classy cocktail offerings. We enjoyed ourselves, on the patio and were satisfied by the fare. I want to second the reviews by Miriam, Mark, Augie, and Brian (who gave a range of stars between them). The hipness is intentionally off-the-hook. The food is often fantastic, but just as often misses it "by that much." The violation of menu convention is cute, but made it hard for me to decide. The wait staff is not as well trained as Esquire or Monterey. The drinks are delicious but not unique, and the names give me pause. Winter might be tough if they don't turn down the music inside. All  that said: Feast is a welcome addition to Southtown. I have high hopes for their evolution.
<review# 209,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2011,1/27/2012,36,63,6,6,6>Mmm! I love Pasha! I'm so happy they opened a location closer to my home (1604/Blanco). Ive had nothing but exceptional service while both dining in and ordering take out. I LOVE their hummus and naan bread! The food is always excellent, my favorite being the Shwarma Trio- plenty to share with someone and you get a little taste of everything! One of our servers invited us back for dinner and told us to BYOB. We will definitely be doing that soon!
<review# 210,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2011,1/26/2012,11,136,3,3,5>I love this place. I used to frequent here more often when I lived down the street, but we moved so I don't go as often. It is such a great place to grab a coffee to go, or to sit and relax for personal or business meetings.What I love about this place is that they don't try too hard. The menu and service is simple and to the point. The decor is modern without being obnoxious, and it just has a homey feel to it.Their muffins are sinfully delicious!!  I usually get the white chocolate mocha because I like my coffee sweet. I have not had the pleasure of coming here for live music and beers, but it is on my to do list!!Give Starbucks a rest for one day and try this joint out!! NO they don't have drive through, but you will be in and out before you know it!!
<review# 211,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2013,2/10/2013,24,81,11,12,10>This place is laid back and perfect for a quiet drink with a friend or two. The staff is always friendly and ready to refill your drink before you even have a chance to ask for another! The bar is usually full of service industry peeps from the area and that's another reason to love it - it's downtown but not touristy. Drink is a nice little hidden gem in the heart of downtown. If you want to enjoy a nice intimate drink with friends, this is the spot!
<review# 212,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2013,2/9/2013,12,67,5,4,5>We came back for dinner.  Although we soon found out that part of the menu that we were specifically seeking wasn't available at dinner.We should have paid more attention to their slogan "Fruteria by day, botanero by night."  The licuados and aguas frescas are not offered at dinner, which was of great disappointment, especially to my dining companion.  The waiter explained that the idea is to keep the fruteria and botanero concepts separated by time of day.  That didn't satisfy my dining companion, who was hoping they would still offer to whip up something for her.  But I'm sure Chef Hernandez has his reasons.Fortunately, the Case of the Lacking Licuado was all but forgiven when our food arrived.  Among other things, she ordered the puerco en mole blanco; pork belly in a white chocolate mole sauce.  I was only allowed a small taste, but I quickly found out why.  That's a tasty mole!  Moles appear in a few places on the dinner menu, and we did try one other one which was also good.  But if you order one dish at dinner, make it the puerco en mole blanco.  We also tried a few of the gorditas, which came out steaming fresh with delicious accompaniments.  I also tried the El Monteron cocktail, which was delightfully fresh and fruity without being overly sweet.  You'll see some carry-over from the other menus on this one; chicken tinga and ceviche rojo are both present, and I would happily order them again once I've tried everything else.We were however a little disappointed toward the end of the meal when we noticed the manager stopping by at the only two occupied tables in our area besides ours to see how they were enjoying their meals.  This was our chance to petition for licuados at dinner!  Unfortunately though, after talking to the party next to us for a few minutes, he turned and walked back toward the other side of the restaurant.  Was it something we said?  Normally I don't feel the need to be checked on by a manager, but in this case it was a little too obvious that he skipped us over.  Maybe he just couldn't bare to hear our plea for lasting licuados.
<review# 213,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2013,2/8/2013,72,160,3,5,3>I am not much for the river walk bar troll, so lets get past that and out of the restaurant row as well.  I much prefer the rest of the walk.  It is quiet, pretty, not crowded, and there is wonderful art surprises every where.  I like going at christmas time, but I stay away from the main drag.  I like finding the secluded places to sit with a hot cup of good coffee and watch the world walk by. The River walk provides me with plenty of opportunity to do that.
<review# 214,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2012,2/7/2013,274,398,2,8,5>Sunday Brunch at Auden's Kitchen with a group of Yelp friends is as good as it gets. First the $8 bottomless mimosas, very tasty and our waiter kept them coming. A constant flow of the delicious beverage. I went with the Duck and Corn Hash; Duck confit, pork belly, arugula, fried eggs and zinfandel barbeque sauce. Fantastic. The sauce was on the side so could have as much or little with each bite as I wanted and the sauce complimented with out over powering. Since this was my first time here I had to try a dessert. I went with that days special a chocolate vanilla bread pudding. It was good just not wow good like the Duck Hash. Definitely a great Sunday Brunch place.
<review# 215,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2012,2/6/2013,88,178,3,10,3>This is always my go to place for Indian. I have tried multiple other restaurants in town but none of them seem to compare.What sets India Palace apart from the others is that they prepared every dish with the utmost attention on flavor...AND SPICE. Come on, you can't have Indian food without some kick! Most other places that I've been have been bland and almost inedible (at least for me because I set my food standards high). I love that they have a buffet every day starting at 11:00am-10:00pm weekday so I can always get my fix. I am not one to eat at buffets (it's just a general rule of mine) but this is the ONLY place I will make a concession for because the food is just that good. Everything here is excellent and I would not hesitate to recommend it to anyone on the hunt for a great Indian restaurant.
<review# 216,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2012,2/5/2013,66,149,4,5,6>The Guenther is a winning combination of atmosphere and comfort food. You are taken away to the secret world of the wealthy in King William, or close. Similar to its surroundings this beautiful historic homestead is vast, has rich gardens and ornate details like Victorian style colored glass. You have the choice to dine inside which comes with the joys of beautiful thoughtful decor reminiscent of the history of Guenther. Outside it reminds me of an outdoor dining scene from Pride & prejudice or any other scene depicting European country wealth. I will say that most of time the wait to sit outside is slightly longer. The outdoor seating is covered, has fans , air mists and the river a short walk away. You will also find outside ducks waddling across the lawn, birds & the occasional lizard.  Which brings me to my next topic; wait. This is NOT a hidden gem. This is part of San Antonio history and gives the city a perfect example of garden dining. People know about this place and during the weekend for brunch, be ready for hour and more long waits. Now besides the gorgeous setting, there is the food. This place was founded by the owner of Pioneer flour so you can imagine that this is a carb heavy menu. Biscuits, toast, pancakes, waffles, croissants, tortillas & sandwich bread all made from pioneer flour. The kitchen has cooking with this flour down to a art. So fluffy, filling and ready to soak up the flavors of syrup, gravy or butter. Though the carb items are what they are known for. I have also had a salad, grilled salmon & soups, all of which were spiced very well & fresh. The portions sizes are good, not small but not ridiculous. I love sitting back at Guenther enjoying a cup of coffee, hearing the classical music  and enjoying the feeling of being whisked away to a different world, a serene one where a rich cinnamon roll won't weigh on your belly.
<review# 217,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2013,2/3/2013,89,86,2,3,2>This place is THE quintessential example of a 'diamond in the rough'. Its located on a shady side of town, in an easy to miss shopping strip with an unimpressive store front. BUT...The food here is Authentic, Flavorful & Amazing. When I want something simple, I'll order the Gyro platter because its one of those dishes you don't have to 'hope' will be solid, you KNOW it will be great every time. The meat is full of flavor and is NOT over cooked like at many other Mediterranean restaurants around town. Paired with the tasty creamy tzatziki sauce, the gyro here is hard to beat. I also enjoy their fries because the extra spices they use take this normally unnoticed side dish to another level. I've tried the lamb shank on special and didn't regret it. The meat literally fell off the bone and it had a nice medley of seasonings. The DESSERTS here are pretty dang good too but my personal faves are the Baklava & the Better Than Sex Cake so be sure to save room.  The service here is usually stellar & I love the waitstaff here b/c they are typically very warm, some even have a great sense of humor and will poke fun. You also don't have to wait long to get your grub on which is a big + in my book. For me, this is by far the best Greek joint in town so make time to drop in and enjoy the great food and maybe even catch a belly dancing show while you're at it.
<review# 218,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2012,2/1/2013,42,98,2,13,5>First off, this is one of those places that the outside doesn't begin to define what's on the inside! I recently described a place in Denton Texas where the outside was fancy but the food (what should be the soul of the establishment) wasn't that special. Mama Lee's Soul Food on the other hand is the exact opposite and most importantly, Mama Lee's Soul Food is why I Yelp!It's a very small place located on the beginning of the Southside, not far from Marbach. It's not fancy at all from the outside or inside, but once you get to the soul of the place, the food that is, you'll never look back! I really loved this place! I had the baked chicken, collards, and yams. OMG! (Oh my goodness!) It was great! I tried some of my friends mac n cheese and again OMG! Fantastic! We really packed the place with a bunch of co-workers so the poor staff was a little overwhelmed, but overall they were quick and doing their best with such a large crowd. It reminded me so much of the food I grew up on and I look forward to returning. Thank you Mama Lee's, it was Thanksgiving, Christmas and Sunday dinners rolled up into one!
<review# 219,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2012,1/31/2013,53,106,2,5,2>I saw this place on Cupcake Wars...I went right after that and they were yummy. I know my review is incredibly late...but better late than never right? I bought an assortment of cupcakes to take to work for my late night coworkers. They were beautiful cupcakes, nicely packed until some troll cut me off and I hit the brakes and the cupcakes ended up in the floorboard...but they still tasted amazing. Banana pudding with real Nilla wafers...red velvet and something else I can't recall. Their shop isn't in the best shopping center, crammed between a tamale shop and a laundry mat with a tattoo shop and cleaners to pull up the rear they are easily missed but you have to try this place!
<review# 220,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2013,1/30/2013,132,189,4,5,6>Great speak-easy looking bar.  The former manager of Esquire owns this place.  He has done a great job.  Their Manhattans and Old Fashions are amazing.  I like the look and feel of this place a lot.  You get to dress up and drink fantastic booze.   I will be here often.  They usually have a delicious, hippstery food truck in front that changes based on the day.  Food complimenting the booze just adds to the experience.The drinks are sex, the location is cool, the decor is beautiful and I will be a regular.  2 times in one week and many more soon.This is my new favorite bar.
<review# 221,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2014,6/17/2014,114,70,1,11,7>My favorite sushi restaurant. Great for take-out or dine in. Literally everything I've had here has been amazing. For take out - call ahead, or place an order on the mobile app. Sooo convenient. Packaged really nicely, in reusable containers, with an assortment of sauces. Pick it up on your way home from work and enjoy. My favorites are the chirashi bowl and the sashimi probadita. Love. They also deliver to your home or work, though I've never utilized that service.Dine in - small but cute dining room. Bright and fun. Wait staff is very friendly and attentive. Highly recommend !
<review# 222,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2014,6/16/2014,397,255,2,6,4>Thought I would do an update for Sonia's. I'm still a big fan of Sonia's it my go to lunch spot for Mexican food. I think the food is even better than ever. the enchiladas not as greasy as it use to be, and the breakfast tacos are made to perfection. I just wish Sonia's was open for dinner.
<review# 223,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2014,6/15/2014,10,171,2,4,3>Came here on the recommendation of friend. We had a blast. The place is fairly small but in a great location. We sat inside but there appeared to be an outdoor seating area. This place has a great selection of beers, primarily from Texas. There were probably 20 or so beers on tap. My favorite of the day was the Guadalupe Brewing Company's Honey Ale. The Ranger Creek's Red-Headed Stranger Red IPA was good as well. The bartenders were friendly and knowledgeable. The prices were fair and the service was fast. It's a good setup with bar seating and separate tables inside. The only reason I give this place 4 stars and not 5 is due to the lack of food service. However, there are restaurants on both sides of this place. I will definitely go back.
<review# 224,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2014,6/14/2014,114,280,2,14,3>Oh Pancake Joes I almost wanted to give you a 5 star but I just couldn't! When I first heard about Pancake Joes, I was deceived by its name. I thought it was a chain restaurant like, hmm, Waffle House ya know! But it turns out to be a family owned local breakfast/brunch eatery that's close to work. The thing is I never liked pancakes much. Pancake for breakfast is acceptable. Pancake for lunch? Heck no! But after looking at their yelp page, I saw a variety of offerings besides pancakes. Hmm, I shall investigate for a new lunch spot. I came with a friend for the lunch investigation. I ordered the spinach eggs Benedict which comes with your choice of a side of ranch potatoes, hash browns or fresh fruits. I'm always eating healthy so I chose fruits. I also opted to have ham for my Benedict but you can do sausage or bacon as well. My friend ordered the build your own omelet. Our food came out quickly. My Benedict was phenomenal!! OMG I didn't know how much I loved eggs Benedict until I tried these. The spinach and ham were so flavorful. The egg was cooked perfectly! I was deff in food heaven. My friend also loved her omelet which was huge. After the first positive try, I came again. This time the Benedict was even better but the side of fruits were a lot smaller than my previous visit. I mentioned it to my waitress and she immediately brought me more fruits! Talk about great customer service! More tips for you! And unlike others, parking and wait time were never an issue for me b/c I usually come during the week for a late lunch. So what kept me from giving them a 5 star? Well I have a problem with the ambiance. I mean I know it is a small casual place which I don't have a problem with. I often eat at a hole in the wall type of establishments as long as the food is good. But the restaurant better be clean! Pancake Joes isn't very clean. I've seen trash on the floor on separate occasions when I dined in here. The second time I was here, my table and seat weren't cleaned after the previous customer had left awhile ago. That was very unappetizing and seemed a little problematic to me. Also the old lady hostess never smiled at me which often made me wonder if I owed her anything. BUT pancake joes does have so much potentials! Maybe one day, they will get a 5 star in my book if any of these things I listed improves. And I have to admit that it is always a treat to have amazing brunch on a work day. I don't even get to do that on weekends very often!
<review# 225,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2014,6/13/2014,125,290,8,14,11>Let's get things un-twisted, it's Golden Gloves.  With an "s".  And it's also fan-f*ckin-tastic!  You know how long I've been waiting for this kinda bar by my work?  For the past 6 or so years I've been working downtown, I've had to chose between hitting up a cocktail bar for happy hour and paying 10-12 bucks per drink or heading to a dive with straight-up hobos at the bar.  Golden Gloves, I think you were made just for me.I dropped in on opening day and breathed a sigh of relief at the set-up.  Relaxed, unpretentious and inexpensive, I had to keep reminding myself that I was right across from The Pearl.  $4 happy hour Moscow Mules just don't happen around here!  Add that to $2 Lonestars, Pearl & PBR and food trucks parked in the patio area and Golden Gloves is my idea of the perfect bar.  And I can't go without mentioning the super friendly bartenders, the Glassjaw cocktail and the crazy-clean bathrooms.  Seriously, get there, belly-up at the bar and enjoy the only upscale "dive" bar that matters.
<review# 226,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2014,6/12/2014,228,312,5,8,8>I am admittedly obsessed with Alamo Street Eatz...my feelings for it are...unnatural. Just seeing it makes me smile; I always leave happy; I love introducing strangers to it. I've been totally in love with it since I returned to SA last summer. It's also, in my opinion, still the best food truck park in the City. Anyway, the parking lot is smallish, but there is plenty of street/neighborhood parking & it's in a very walkable area. Even on weeknights, there are a minimum of 3-4 food trucks. Ol' reliables: Attaboy Burgers, Wheelie Gourmet, and Where Y'all At? All very, very tasty food options, indeed. (My go to? The OG at Wheelie Gourmet...MAGIC!). On weekends, you'll see Jason Dady's Duk Truck and I also noticed a few new additions this past weekend: a sammich truck and a pizza truck. There's something for everyone, y'all. The prices can be a bit steep, but the food quality & creativity is worth it. Can't say that about many places on the Riverwalk, can ya?There's a nice bar in the center with a great selection of various sodas & beer, including craft beers. The picnic tables are mostly covered...some are uncovered on the side. It's fun to squeeze in at a table with strangers on busy nights & strike up a conversation. No matter if I'm here at 2AM or 7PM, the food is deliciously consistent & the fun is plentiful! Good luck keeping this gal away...
<review# 227,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2013,6/11/2014,139,107,4,8,5>Drew's has an amazing Sunday Brunch menu.The mimosas are that oh so hard to find "golden" ratio of orange juice to champagne.  I went with a group of friends that have a TON of dietary restrictions.  Yes we were "those people".  The waitstaff and chefs were WONDERFUL and modified dishes to satisfy even the smallest wishes of the friends that were with me.The food came out and it was AMAZING.  One of my party asked the waitress for a suggestion.  The dish she recommended was not something my friend had ever tried before and he really didn't warm up to it.  There was nothing wrong with the food, it just wasn't something that he enjoyed.  He was so embarrassed and didn't want to say anything to her.  Our eagle eye waitress though zeroed in on it and brought him something else out immediately.  She said that since it was her suggestion that he didn't like it was taken off of his bill.   Not only is the brunch amazing and the service top notch, but the margaritas... MMMMMMM  I am a margarita snob, and Drew's margaritas are in my top 5 in the city.  Handmade margaritas on the rocks.  Don't pass one by if you are a margarita person.
<review# 228,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2014,6/10/2014,99,141,3,7,3>I'm vegetarian but kind of pescetarian. I only eat fish 2 or 3 times a month, but I feel like I'm lying if I call myself a straight up vegetarian.With that being said, my friend and I went here a little hungover one day for an early lunch. I had a Bloody Mary, he had a michelada. They were both fairly good. Spicy, but no garnishes in my BM (and that's one of my favorite parts of a Bloody Mary, ya know?). We had calamari for an appetizer. It came with the normal sauce but also had a chamoy sauce that I couldn't tell if I really liked or not, so I had to try it 7 or 8 times ;) it's weird but I liked it.This is when it gets weird. We weren't hungry enough for two separate meals, so we decide to split something. The guy I'm hanging out with knows I don't eat red meat or pork, but he orders bacon wrapped shrimp with two sides, rice and vegetables. I called dibs on the vegetables cause I can't eat the shrimp, and I don't really like rice, so I sat there with my Bloody Mary and vegetables (squash, zucchini, and bell peppers, I believe? It's been a while). They were good, by the way. They weren't drenched in oil, which I appreciate. We had two margaritas after we finished up and watched some football game. They tasted really fresh, so I'm thinking they make them in house and not with some nasty mix. 4 stars because the service was really good. We sat at the bar, and the bartender was friendly and didn't hover. The manager stopped by to ask us about our experience, suggest new things to try next time, and had a pleasant conversation about football (okay I didn't take part in this cause I'm not into football at all. Get back to me during basketball season). I'm bummed out that we didn't try any ceviche, but I've been planning to go back for a while and give 210 another chance.
<review# 229,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2013,6/9/2014,57,92,6,9,7>A good friend of mine LOVES this place, and she's one of those picky types who sends almost everything back if it isn't hot/ spicy/ flavorful/ whatever enough (really I try not to lunch with her too often for that reason.) But we were in the mood for some beers and something tasty so I agreed to come here. We went on a weekday, during happy hour and I was very impressed (and she couldn't find a single thing to complain about.) The decor is straddling the line of cheesy, but it makes for conversational pieces if you're with an awkward group. Their happy hour specials are pretty fantastic: from 3-6 Mon-Fri and 9-close everyday, they offer their appetizers for $5. Their buffalo chicken quesadilla is legit: super cheesy, just spicy enough, tons of chunky chicken, be smart and sub the bleu cheese dressing for ranch. Friend got the wings and she absolutely loved them. We also split a couple sliders which were a bit too heavy on the salt, which I would have disliked had it not made me drink more beer... THE BEER! I don't know what kind of technology keeps beer on tap so cold that it turns into a snowball in your frosty mug, but they've perfected that science. I recommend going here for a nice, casual, middle of the week meal. Kids would like their colorful, almost tacky decorations. We also scored a free lava brownie a la mode dessert thing because the kitchen accidentally made two. Excellent 'draw them in' move, 54th Street!
<review# 230,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2014,6/8/2014,136,123,5,9,7>I wish I could write an ode to Singhs.  I also wish I could eat here everyday.  Walk up, order everything, then receive a text when your food is done.  Our awesome order taker brought us our food to Hills n Dales.  It was ridiculous how excited I was.  I have been waiting for this, and it did NOT disappoint!  We had 1) Bauh Mi Sandwich with pork 2) Singh's Fried Rice with brisket and 3) Bun Bowl with crispy shrimp.  I'm droolin just typing it out.  Angela's fave was the brisket fried rice, and mine was the crispy shrimp bun bowl - BUT really?  There wasn't one loser in the bunch.  By far some of the freshest, tastiest, and most well executed food truck stuff I've had - ever. There's really not much more to say. Again, I wish I could write poetry about this place.Stands alone on a lotDeliciousness hides hereBun bowl crispy shrimp bossTIP:  Always take at least one friend to split everything with you - best first date with Angela F.!
<review# 231,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2010,5/4/2011,28,83,2,6,2>Can't stress how great this place is.  This venue goes out of their way to book so many bands on any given night of the week that I find myself going over to just support the place in fear that it can one day get priced out because of the riverwalk expansion.If you love indie music and you've just moved to San Antonio and you haven't found your place just yet.  Start here.My only complaint about the venue is their online calendar is driven thru a MySpace website that doesn't list upcoming shows to view a little easier at a glance....
<review# 232,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2011,5/3/2011,47,125,2,2,2>This is the perfect place to go when you feel like shopping, but don't want to deal with the crowds of a mall. There's a large variety of stores here, a little bit of everything. You can enjoy a movie, shop for groceries, get lunch, dinner, or a drink, buy a few outfits, and even decorations for the house all in one place. A much needed expansion has occurred here within the past few years, adding even more stores to this outdoor market. While it's nice to have more variety, it does make walking from one end to the other a tedious chore so I imagine driving will be more convenient (although it's nice to walk when the weather is bareable). Overall, it's a wonderful way to spend a day without having to drive all around town.
<review# 233,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2010,5/2/2011,28,69,4,4,3>I'll be honest, I think its probably more the atmosphere that does it for me at Frederick's than the food.  Aliyah called it right when she notes the eclectic crowd at the bar enjoying their cocktails.  I've stopped in several times now solo (I live a stone throw away) to grab some beers and a quick snack....on that note, TRY THE SPRING ROLLS (YUMMY).Anywho...the bartenders are real cool and laid back, conversation is good, everyone sitting at the bar each time I've been is full of interesting conversation...they have Dos Equis on tap....and did I mention they have Dos Equis on tap!!!   =)Not cheap, so this place isn't for the fella that you just paid to mow your lawn...but it won't (or shouldn't) zero out your bank account either.  I drink beer (a lot of it), so I can't really quote what an individual meal costs...since my liquid intake far surpasses my food intake.Anyways, check it out if you get a chance...it's an interesting little place tucked away on the corner...one of those places you'll either really like or really hate, but ya gotta try it to figure it out.
<review# 234,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2010,5/1/2011,204,426,4,5,4>Awesome, awesome, awesome. The staff is awesome. The selection is awesome. The repair shop is awesome. Each time we go here, we are approached by no less than two staff. The super knowledgeable, friendly and very helpful staff. Most recently, we drove in with a split bike seat in hand, it broke in the first minute of our ride! We had it replaced in no time and drove back home to start our ride. Thanks Bike World, awesome.
<review# 235,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2010,4/30/2011,26,59,1,2,1>Zinc is a really nice place to go.  They have a great patio, so if you go, sit out there.  They have a good beer list, and an even better wine list.  The only bad knock i have on this place, and the reason it got 4 stars instead of 5, is the waitress recommended a Spanish Wine Flight that was absolutely horrible.  The fact that she recommended this is scary, but the other wines I have ordered on my own decision have always been great.  Definitely go here to wind down after a night downtown.
<review# 236,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2010,4/29/2011,133,93,2,4,3>Omgshhhh guys!  I have to tell you something I found out about this EZ's that I have never known about in all the times I have eaten here....THEY HAVE A MOVIE ROOM!  And they show movies everyday of the week!  It is in the downstairs little room, past the curtain under the exit sign.  I never knew this was there and always thought it was just an employees only atmosphere but it is so much better!  And they are playing Home Alone a lot right now for the holidays - yes please!Give EZ's another shot and check out a movie while you eat!
<review# 237,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2011,4/28/2011,29,162,1,3,1>The best oil change place in San Antonio! I've been coming here for 12 years and always receive the best service!  It's a home grown business with the same owner for years.  He had his kids artwork displayed on the walls and I feel like I've watched them grow up over the years as well.   They get the job done fast and don't overcharge or try to take advantage of you with unnecessary charges like other places!  Highly recommend this place!!
<review# 238,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2011,4/27/2011,85,159,2,6,3>Ever since my first visit, I have been eating lunch at French Sandwiches at least once a week. I have yet to taste something that I did not like or was not presented well. The service is always friendly and very attentive. The owner tries to add an item or two ever so often to keep things rolling and it must be working; people continue to pack this tiny place. On that note, either come early or late because it gets busy during the lunch hour. I suggest you try their new pork sandwich, if you have not done so already. However, chances are that whatever sandwich you get will not only be satisfying but will also leave you wanting more, and more, and more...
<review# 239,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2011,4/26/2011,444,406,6,8,7>I've been meaning to write a review about my first visit, but I swing by The Cove one too many times! Especially when I take my out of town visitors here!I like that this is the only place I know that serves organic food and not go anywhere else. I can eat without feeling guilty for being stuffed and want to hit the gym afterward. I order the burgers & sweet potato fries every time because it's not greasy at all! Lot's of beer selections. Bartenders and staff very nice. Need more than on person at the bar though can take a long time to order drinks on a busy day.I like that there's a play ground for the kids who come with the parents and don't want to eat and sit at the table bored/fussy.I like that they have schedules for Live music, beer tasting (the first one I went too kinda suck though there was no souvenirs and only 3 tastings boo!) Vegan night, and all kinds of fun stuff going on here for entertainment! The bathroom needs fixin'!  Reminds me of a dirty public bathroom in the park The door doesn't even lock and no seat covers! Eww...
<review# 240,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2011,4/25/2011,84,393,2,5,3>Friends kept telling me about this place, and I finally was able to stop in today.  Ali Baba is a great place for pantry essentials, bulk spices, fresh pita/breads, cheeses, and snacks.  I found a huge bag of cashews, some kufta and fresh whole wheat pita.  The breads smell amazing when you walk in that section and I can see why they sell out quickly.  There is an aisle filled with tomato pastes, eggplant purees, and peppers/pickles.  Plenty of selection of flours, along with bags of rice.  There is a nice selection of wafer cookies with different flavors, and a frozen section by the entrance has naan pizzas and samosas.  Parking is super easy, and they have small carts to carry all of your good finds.
<review# 241,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2010,2/22/2011,1439,1280,2,8,5>I was told about Green Fields Market as an alternative to stores in town like Sun Harvest (although their background shows that Green Fields has an intertwined history with Sun Harvest stores, and local big name families such as Nelson Wolff & Tom Turner). I finally had a little bit of time to look for it and found it driving down Stone Oak.  Now, someone had mentioned that it was on the corner of Huebner & Stone Oak but when I looked at the location after I left, if you were to travel down Huebner Rd instead, you would probably miss it as I did not notice a sign on that side - only on the Stone Oak side (someone please correct me if I'm wrong).They close at 10 and if you're looking for organics and fresh foods in general, I would probably opt to go here.  It's somewhat small but very convenient - I don't have to go through 20 different aisles to get exactly what I'm looking for (especially after a long day at work).The prices seemed to be comparable to stores such as HEB and even on some things were just a tad bit cheaper than 'Gucci-B' (aka Central Market).  I was really interested in the fresh meats since that's what I've heard good comments about but unfortunately, by the time I got to that side of the store they were closing.  I'll have to try them on my next visit.
<review# 242,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2010,2/21/2011,204,426,4,6,7>What a show...what a show.My husband and I stopped in for a few drinks after dinner with friends just last week.The crowd at the bar was so entertaining and out of this world, I would have thought that I was on candid camera.Including but not limited to Obama lovers and haters, drinkers on the wagon, children, drinkers needing and getting a ride home, agitated doctors and more.Bottom line, a great time in a lovely atmosphere.  We experienced on point service at the bar, joked about sports with Frederick himself and peered into the dining room of SA notables that I was a bit too toasty to speak to - lest I appear to be...odd. For the price, Frederick's is not the best  "let's just have three more drinks" place - but remember that entertainment and local star gazing is included.Oh, and they have a patio now but it is mainly populated by smokers I have heard.
<review# 243,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2010,2/20/2011,28,69,2,8,1>I just got off the phone with Dury's regarding the transfer of a C3 item and they managed to earn themselves another star!Chad Stahl is the man to talk to regarding CLASS 3 stuff there...I called the shop and spoke to a gal who took down my email addie to pass along to Chad who was at lunch (Chad is the resident C3 guru there apparently).  He sent me an email within half hour of my call to Dury's and was quick to reply each time in our email exchange.I was especially pleased to find that he actually knew what he was talking about and he knew what I was talking about...making the entire process that much easier.  FYI...if you are smart enough to fill out your own forms correctly (shocking how many people aren't), it's considerably cheaper than having them take care of the paperwork for you.  Saved myself 50 bucks by not being retarded.These folks are good people....I hate the fact that they are clear cross town from mi casa...but they earned my business.
<review# 244,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2010,2/19/2011,85,159,1,2,1>I had a great experience on my first visit to Alamo Drafthouse. First stop: the bar. Large selection of beers on draft as well as bottled. Nicole, the bartender, was awesome and sweet. "Would you like to open a tab? It'll be fun." How can you say no to that? Check in with the Facebook application on your phone, show your bartender, and you will get a free Drafthouse pint glass. The food was surprisingly good for a movie theater. The chicken pesto sandwich was juicy and satisfying. The side salad with the chipotle vinaigrette was fresh and the dressing had a nice heat. The chocolate chip cookie dessert is made to order- four cookies that have a crunchy outside with a warm and gooey center served with ice cream on the side, although you know where it belongs...It must be their most popular dessert because I saw countless of them while the movie was playing. Second stop: theater. The chairs are comfortable and the isles are roomie. The service was friendly and quick. Third stop: restrooms. Clean but smaller than other theaters. Alamo Drafthouse won me over. It is not as crowded as Palladium, the beer selection is not to be missed, and the employees are having fun. Try it out!
<review# 245,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2010,2/18/2011,181,124,5,6,6>Guy Fieri loves it, so should Tarun right?? ...haha yes I do!It was a spontaneous lunch request that led me here. It reminds me of the countless lovable indie dives out in Austin and just by looking at the menu, the only logical choice was the lamb burger. Damn do I love my lamb! So pulling off a great lamb burger is a tall task in my book and these guys did not disappoint! The meat was soo juicy! Lamb tends to dry up quick so keeping it juicy is a hard task. Kudos chefs! It wasn't just the meat but everything else in the burger that elevated it. The spicy sauce or mayonnaise was a brilliant compliment to the lamb and thank god they didn't use regular hamburger buns! The Foccacia bread (i think!!), spinach, and onions made for a great experience. The fries were good and I would advise The Cove to use greek seasoning on the fries to complete the plate but hey, you got the burger right and that's all I care about! I foodgasm'd at 1 pm on a weekday...and yes...thats how I roll!!
<review# 246,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2011,2/17/2011,99,76,4,7,3>Creamy pumpkin pie frozen yogurt topped almonds? Yes, please. This is one of those self serve frozen yogurt places, with at least 7 different and new flavors at all times and a very nice assortment of toppings (teddy grahams, anyone?). Everything I've tried here has been great and the one flavor my mom didn't like (chocolate peppermint) they let her exchange it for another flavor no questions asked. Will come again (and again, and again...)
<review# 247,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2010,2/16/2011,209,518,7,24,5>Alright, here's the deal. I'm a Curly Girl. I've had all the horror stories associated with being a Curly Girl. Stylists trying to straighten my hair, cutting it super short, thinning it to the point where it's just stringy and frizzy, puffing it out so I look like Roseanne Roseannadanna...I've been through it all.A few years back I learned about this Curly Girl website...my salvation!!! naturallycurly.com It taught me how to work with my curls and most importantly it had reviews on Curly Girl hair stylists. Because once a CGer finds a great hair stylist they want to shout it to the mountain tops. Found a few great stylists in Chicago. My last stylist...was awesome...Aimee...Sin Qua Non, Chicago..I LOVE YOU and MISS YOU!! Well in February I moved to the lovely city of San Antonio and I freaked! Not only was I leaving my friends and family but I was leaving the person that was dearest to my heart....my Stylist!!! So again I had to try and search up another amazing stylist. Well after two failed attempts here in SA I came across Elva.Elva was originally at K Charles on Broadway. I went in for a consultation with her and she was amazing. She right away put my fears to rest. I knew she knew what she was talking about. She was excited about working on my hair and while I was there for my consultation I actually got to meet a couple of her other clients who were Curly Girls. I was in love. I went in a few days later for my actual cut and color and I have to say I was shocked. It was the best haircut I had ever had and where did I get it? San Antonio, TX!! Out of all the stylists I had seen in Chicago I had to go to SA to find my hair's soul mate. My curls were boingy and loose. It had shape and most importantly it didn't all find it's way towards the front of my face. I loved it! Well about a week before my next appointment I get a call from K Charles...Elva was no longer there...AAAAHHH!!! I was FRANTIC! Not again! What the heck was I gonna do now? So I went back to my Curly Girl website and searched up Elva San Antonio and low and behold...other CGers were looking for her too and someone posted her email and phone number. Yes!! I left her a voicemail and sent her an email. Yeah, I was stalking. She called me back within a few hours and talked me down off my ledge. Whew. She opened up her own salon. Yay!! Went in for my next appointment and I'm telling you my fellow Curly Girls...if you are looking for a stylist to finally tame the beast...you NEED to call her!! You'll thank me later...trust me. In fact we'll cut to the chase..."You're welcome!" Tonight I'm going in for my third cut and color with her...just in time too...with my in-laws coming into town next week for the Holidays. Sorry for the LONG review but a good stylist is hard to find!
<review# 248,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2011,2/15/2011,161,338,,4,2>It's not a huge food factory so make sure you make reservations far in advanceif you want to eat during primetime Friday or Saturday.We had a Groupon for the Prixe Fixe meal.  They gave a credit on a bottle of wine rather than the pairings offered which was a great deal.The best part of the meal was the beef fillet.  It was the best filet I have ever had, cooked perfectly medium rare. They provide a sharpe knife, but it was so tender it cut like butter.  Great atmosphere.  I prefer this location to the 1604 location.  The dining room is small and cozy.  The only entrance is via an elevator so you really feel secluded.  No worries of throngs of hungry spectators staring you down hoping you will leave and give up your table.  David was a great waiter and provided us great recommendations.
<review# 249,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2010,2/14/2011,28,83,5,5,5>Just returned from my first trip to the Monterey and after polishing off a few bottles of wine with some close friends, me'thinks that I could see myself going back with some frequency.After reading all the Monterey reviews below, I couldn't really think of something extra to add...  What will always stay with me however was the enthusiasm by the staff when we called for a bottle of Beaujolais to start off the night.   We had someone come out from the back to share his thoughts on our selection...   we then had someone overhearing *my* excitement when a random SPOON song came on over the house speakers.Before I knew it, we were treated to a number of SPOON songs, including some deep cuts from a number of their albums and a heavy sampling from their finest "Girls Can Tell".Pitch perfect.
<review# 250,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2011,2/13/2011,108,275,1,3,2>This was a wonderful New Year's Eve meal that was decided on last minute.  Two options were available: 1) 4 course dinner with wine pairings with appetizers before dinner in the wine cellar, or 2) 4 course meal without wine pairings/appetizers with meal in bistro.We decided to go with option 2 and select our own wine......dinner was absolutely delectable, waitress- awesome, atmosphere- romantic, timing-perfect, temperature- just right......5 stars all around.....
<review# 251,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2013,6/20/2013,65,158,2,12,6>On a whim, we decided to try out this new sushi place in The Vineyard shopping center, hoping that the early kinks had been worked out.  We were pleasantly surprised by the beautiful ambiance and well-prepared food.The restaurant features modern decor- simple, appealing, and surprisingly comfortable.  There is seating at the sushi bar, as well as plenty of booths and tables.  There is one tv in the bar area, but it is not obtrusive.  The Japanese music in the background reminded me of anime.  We ordered two Asahi Extra Dry ($3.50 ea. - reasonable) from the list of imported beers and sakes.  We decided to start with miso soup, which was followed by a complimentary appetizer- fried baby squid with seaweed salad.  The delicate squid was paired with a mayonnaise-based sauce that was reminiscent of the classic Italian Calamari with aioli, but with a Japanese twist.  I'd definitely order this next time.For diners who won't eat raw fish, there are many appetizers and entrées to select.    Even if you don't like fish, there is also lamb chops and a steak as alternatives.  Yet, the menu is primarily sushi / maki- something that they did very well.For our dinner, we decided to split Chirashi (mixed sushi in a bento box) and a Dragon Roll (soft shell crab tempura maki).  The sushi was aesthetically presented, well cut, and very fresh.  I was almost giddy to see that they included mixed pickle- most sushi places only include ginger.  The dragon roll could have been a little tighter, but the flavors were properly balanced.  We wanted just one more bite so we ordered a portion of unagi (eel).  The eel was elegantly plated and very tasty.  The sushi menu includes a variety of delicacies not commonly found in San Antonio like toro (tatty tuna) and giant clam.   Next time, it would be fun to bring a group and get one of the big "boats" covered in sushi.Our tab ended up being just under $70 with tax and tip.  For sushi of this quality, I found the prices very reasonable.  The lunch menu pricing also looks very compelling and there is a happy hour on weekdays from 3 - 6 p.m.
<review# 252,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2013,6/19/2013,54,259,2,2,3>This is perhaps my favorite bar in all of San Antonio, it's a functioning cultural center for mainly folks of German heritage, but last night they had a big St. Patty's day festival with all the traditional Irish fixings and beer which was cool.  I love this place because they have very good beer at almost insane prices, they don't gauge you for a beer the way they do down at Friendly Spot.  I have had nothing but good times here, the staff and all the people there have always been friendly and fun.  You get a sense of cultural and community pride, last night they had young ladies anywhere from ages 7-17 I would guess doing traditional Irish folk dances and it was awesome, that will be a memory they'll never forget and the audience was tremendously supportive of the effort.  There's a good spirit at this place, really a special place for me,
<review# 253,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2013,6/18/2013,101,63,2,4,2>this place is right by my office, and i can't believe i waited 2 years to get my fiesta sash  here! this is the end all be all party favor palace: i know that the southtown location and limited parking may deter some potential customers, but it is worth the drive. big chain stores will offer convenience, but the depth of selection from pinatas to mardi gras beads can literally boggle your mind. do you need a sombrero for your guinea pig? you can get one here! there is a room completely dedicated to fiesta, filled with technicolor wreaths and such. plus the prices are really low! and if you don't feel like making the drive, then check out their extensive selection online.
<review# 254,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2013,6/17/2013,144,109,2,4,4>I've visited Stella Public House twice now and both times it has been consistently delicious! I love the sopressata pizza which has smoked mozzarella and black olives. The dough is truly amazing. On our first visit the server told us that the yeast starter is 100 years old and it comes straight from Italy.Don't pass up the charred Brussels sprouts, roasted cauliflower or country oven bread! Absolutely perfect appetizers! I could visit again just for these treats alone.I'm sure other reviewers will talk about the amazing selection of rotating beers or geek out over the Italian Modena oven, but I want to make sure that Stella's farm to table concept is not overlooked. It's great to see another restaurant using locally grown and sourced ingredients. Flip your menu over to see which farm or ranch your dish came from.If you haven't visited yet, go there now, because the menu will likely change with the seasons.
<review# 255,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2013,6/16/2013,94,80,2,6,2>It's time for spring planting y'all! We purchased two ash trees three summers ago and they have thrived. Our lawncare people even complimented how healthy and strong they are :) We stopped in this past week to pick up materials mainly for the vegetable garden.  They carry many brands of organic and 'natural' treatments that you can't find at the large chain stores.  We always get great service and I never feel dumb or that I'm wasting anyones time when I have a question.  I was able to find all the little items that the online gurus rec for planting and growing a healthy semi-organic veggie garden.  Bonus that they even have extra small garden gloves!They have a pretty expansive variety of small and medium vegetable plants for you to transplant and a HUGE seed selection. (that includes heirloom and organically raised seed products)The only drawback is their prices are a bit steep... I saw the same Jack Daniels whisky barrel (for planting in not drinking out of!) at one of the large chain stores for $15 less the same morning.  But, I am willing to pay a bit more because they are a locally owned and operated business.
<review# 256,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2013,6/15/2013,179,165,2,5,4>I had an excellent experience at Paesano's. After learning that a friend and I are gluten intolerant, and trying all the tried and trues, we ventured out to one of my favorite restaurants in San Antonio to see if they could prepare gluten free (GF) meals for us. And they could. We skipped on the bread. We ordered an appetizer with quail and sauteed spinach; and everything except for the osso buso can be prepared GF. I still had my favorite- shrimp paesano; the shrimp was just grilled. And yes, they do have GF pasta; and although it falls apart a little, the taste is excellent. We also got creme brulee (also GF), on the house. The house chianti doesn't taste like it's $4 a glass. It tastes better. Our server was very informative and helpful and was very understanding of our dietary needs. Paesano's, thumbs up! Great job! I will be back!
<review# 257,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2013,6/14/2013,6,103,2,3,3>Such a beautiful and tranquil getaway! We came here to participate in the SAWS Jazz Garden Party and enjoyed the free admission, outdoor jazz concert, plant sale, and the grounds. It was SUCH an enjoyable experience and definitely somewhere we would like to return to and would happily pay the entrance fee. There are covered archways and benches throughout the garden you can get a break from the heat and the grounds are stroller friendly, which is a plus with a 5mos old. There were tours of the xeriscapes, which were interesting. We saw a bride having her photos taken among the flowers and easily see how this would be a popular place for photo shoots. The fountains and greenhouse exhibits were stunning. All in all, it was a wonderful experience and highly recommend a trip to these Gardens - you won't regret it!
<review# 258,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2013,6/13/2013,177,94,6,11,7>One of San Antonio's newest food trucks is off to an amazing start! As most of you know I am a big fan of the SA food trucks. Slider Provider somehow managed to sneak into town and be operational for a week before I found out about them. They showed up at StrEAT Food one Wed at Revolution Room and since then I have been hooked. Obviously, given the name, they do sliders and they do them right! I've had everything they offer excluding the lent special catfish slider. Every one of them has been delicious. Their specialty sliders are some crazy concoctions with toppings ranging from crushed dorritos to pico and cream cheese. For the nonburger lover you can also have chicken, or on the occasional specials list the grilled cheese topped with smoked pork or brisket. They run mostly late nights but are working on lunch spots. Currently they have lunch every other Fri at Accenture (Babcock and Prue). Weekends you can find them working the late night bar scene and most Wed nights at StrEAT Food.Follow them on Twitter @providerslider.
<review# 259,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2013,6/12/2013,838,696,6,11,10>This place is incredible! It's simply gigantic! The place is run by the military, so the staff is nice, competent, courteous, and professional! The place is clean! Super clean! Clean as a, well... a hospital! No infections up in here! :)Parking is a breeze, with a giant garage right across the street, and a walkway that transports you over traffic to your destination. It's kinda a bummer that you have to get past security that looks and swipes your ID before you get there. They won't let you in if you have expired inspection or registration stickers on your car. So keep that current before you have an emergency! There's places to eat around the hospital, and there are information desks regularly placed throughout so you don't get lost! The rooms are spacious, with flat screen televisions, fashionable scrubs to wear, a huge shower- with a seat in it!
<review# 260,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2013,6/11/2013,1439,1280,21,20,18>**** I'm gonna pop some tags, only got twenty dollars in my pocketI'm, I'm, I'm hunting, looking for a come up, this is ****ing awesome!****Oh, COME ON.  Like you didn't think THAT song wasn't gonna come up AGAIN on a review for a thrift shop, right?Texas Trash is a funky & unique shop on McCullough.  I love TTCE because although it's a small place, they carry a wide variety of sizes.  Just like most other thrift shops, you just have to dig (although they do their best to keep it organized as much as possible).  As a few others have mentioned, the owner is super nice too.Andddd you GOTTA love a spot that had a fur (faux - thank goodness) coat.  It fit perfectly and I got to channel my inner "Macklemore".  See pic.  :P
<review# 261,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2013,3/12/2013,31,93,2,5,2>Decided to hit up Green at the Shops at Alon for brunch on Sunday! I ordered the migas, my usual brunch litmus test. Migas is scrambled eggs, bell peppers, onions, tortilla chips, & cheese. It was served with black beans, salsa, and hashbrowns on the side. Before the migas arrived, the server dropped off two biscuits with butter and jam. I did not prefer the biscuits, as I thought they were a tad too dry. The migas were delicious but they were a bit too mild for taste, even with salsa piled on top - I'm used to the kick of jalapenos. The hashbrowns were DIVINE and I could not stop eating them! Overall, the brunch was good, and I will be back... but I might try something different than the migas upon my return.
<review# 262,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2012,3/11/2013,192,81,2,4,3>I love extras, freebies... whatever you want to call it, I appreciate free bread for the table and an Andes Mint with the bill. What was awesome about this place is at the end of the meal they bring out a sesame seed, red bean ball dessert and orange slices. This tiny gesture really makes a restaurant stand out and deserves 5 stars even if I don't totally love the food. Soups are great, chicken in the lemon chicken is yummy and the service is excellent. I just wish their lemon sauce for my favorite food dish would not be lemon jelly.
<review# 263,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2012,3/10/2013,108,112,4,10,4>This is my go-to spot whenever I get a hankering for Indian food. Do not let the shabby/shady exterior deter you from sampling this deliciousness. From goat curry to chicken tikki masala to fried pankora and fish, the dinner buffet offers a wide variety of options that will satisfy any palate. Freshly baked naan (complimentary) is also provided and refilled! Don't forget to leave room for dessert: mango pudding and kheer, both with perfect consistency and taste.The price for the dinner buffet is slightly more expensive compared to other places ($12), but the quality and taste of the food is definitely worth it. And despite the look of questionable cleanliness, Bombay Hall has received a few Blue Plate awards in the past. Speedy, courteous service and flavorful dishes-what's not to love?
<review# 264,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2013,3/9/2013,99,428,2,7,5>I just can't and I refuse to give The Alamo anything less than 5 stars. I have to admit, I'm not too into history but when I visit The Alamo, it really gives me chills thinking about everything that happened on the ground. Most friends/family I've taking to the Alamo have been somewhat disappointed and I have to admit when I visited for the first time, I was somewhat disappointed with how small it actually was. The nice thing about visiting the Alamo is that there's people walking around dressed up talking about the most important facts of history that involve the Alamo, there's a small video room where you can watch a story about the Alamo and there's plenty of artifacts. If you have young kids, there's PLENTY of room for them to run around in the garden, it's so nice and well taken care of.On the weekends, they sometimes have booths set up with crafts, storytellers, instrument players, etc.. it's pretty nifty and interesting. Overall, if you visit San Antonio - you've GOT to make a special trip to visit the Alamo. Even if you go in and leave, at least you can say you took advantage of seeing this amazing part of history!
<review# 265,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2013,3/8/2013,88,438,4,9,7>There's "five star", and then there's Five Star. And Bohanan's is at the top of that Five Star list.To really explore the talents of Mark Bohanan and his crew, attack the Mesquite Grill menu. While the seafood and steaks are top notch, the Grill is where those flavors get to play and the true character of the place comes out. The Chateau Stack is an in house favorite with nearly everything represented. Be sure to check out seasonal dishes, like lamb, quail and boar. If you don't spend some time at the bar before or after dinner, you are missing out on half the experience. While other "old bar" places downtown give off a vintage feel, Bohanan's feels authentic. You don't have to ask, things come as they should. And without the fedora wearing bottle waving tricks. It really is a nice departure from the rest of the high end cocktail scene. Bohanan's is one of the few places downtown that refuses to compromise for the fanny pack Nikon tourist demographic. San Antonio is a major US city, it deserves this level of dining experience, at this price point, without bending to the pressures of what people think they want.
<review# 266,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2013,3/7/2013,125,331,3,5,4>Mhm mhm good barbecue!  I had the rib plate - it had three meaty pork ribs and I chose tater salad and pinto beans for my sides.  The ribs were perfectly done and the pinto beans were good too.However, the tater salad was not very good.  It was actually kind of soupy and runny.  I've never had tater salad like this before.For desert, we ordered a slice of Grandma Ugly's homemade pie - it was REALLY, REALLY good!We will definitely be back!
<review# 267,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2013,3/6/2013,285,293,3,7,4>Ever since the Blue Star Brewing Company got a new chef, the food has elevated significantly. I'm most excited about the poutine - a dish I shouldn't eat but always do. French fries covered in gravy and cheese curds. It's always delicious and never healthy.Both times I've visited since the kitchen shakeup, the place has been packed and we've sat outside. Service can be slow sometimes, but it's nothing to get upset over, really. The menu looks very basic, but everything is well done. The salads are light, and sandwiches are tasty, and the desserts are decadent.
<review# 268,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2013,3/5/2013,130,134,3,8,4>I've been looking for the best chicken fried steak for a long time.  I'm trying to find food like I used to get in college.  The Red Barn in Nacogdoches served the best CFS with cream gravy.  You could cut that steak with a fork.That brings me to Lulu's.  It was really good but did not match what I was looking for.  However, the steak, gravy, & vegetables were really good.  I guess I'll just have to keep looking.Lulu's was the best I've had in the San Antonio area.  I've tried Tip Top and M K Davis and think that Lulu's topped them.If anybody has any good CFS restaurants to suggest, I would love to hear about them.
<review# 269,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2013,3/4/2013,285,134,5,13,8>Found this place (Thank You Lord!)  After leaving the pilates studio (its right next door).  Now I don't mind cleaning or doing yard work, but when it comes to ironing, I would rather have my teeth pulled out without any type of sedation, that is how much I hate  to iron.  My better half has tons of clothes all of linen that requires ironing and with todays prices of dry cleaning, I prefer to wash at home and iron myself but not anymore since I found this place.  If you take at least 10 items they give you a discount so it comes out about $1.25/item. and after the 5th time you get another discount.  Also you can take your hangers so you don't have to change out the hangers when you get home.  Since I've been going they have added alterations, they fix zippers, sew buttons and so forth.  Haven't used them for that yet.  Now I just wait till I gather at least 10 items of clothing that I have washed and need to be ironed, drop it off and its ready the next day. I have retired my iron and ironing board for good.
<review# 270,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2013,3/3/2013,1439,1280,18,19,20>This park was created for Ferdinand Lindheimer, a local botanist around the 1800s.  This role was significant since according to Wildflowers of Houston and Southeast Texas (Tveten,1997), he ' collected fifteen hundred species in the south Texas area, over a period of thirteen years'.  Keepin' pretty busy there, eh?Driving up to this little piece of land during a geocaching adventure, I just thought it was an angular roundabout.  If memory serves, it's almost triangular in shape with the roads passing right around it (Lindheimer, Comal, & Gauda Coma).  The cache was around the area of the monument which explained who Mr. Lindheimer was and his contributions to Texas.  I think this is one of the things I love most about geocaching - you have the opportunity to learn so much about places you never knew either existed or knew anything about.  In that same adventure, I found Lindheimer's house straight down the street on Comal (that will be in another review).P.S.  If you happen to be a fellow geocacher, then be prepared to possibly get an applause after finding the cache.  My partner in crime and I found out the owner of the cache and her husband have a sightline to the hide and came out to congratulate us afterwards (apparently quite a few cachers have received this welcome)!  Very friendly folks too - retired vet and really sweet.
<review# 271,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2010,3/15/2011,107,261,,1,>I can't believe it has been one year and one day since the last review on The Majestic Theater. Hello Yelpers? Are we taking in any good shows and enjoying the wonderful culture of this city? The Majestic Theater is a gem of downtown. People dressed up for opening night. The service was so Quick , even at the last minute. Our seats were good, orchestra, 10 rows back. Although I wish that we had the balcony last night. All my life, I have wanted to go to the circus or Cirque De Sole. Or whatever it is called. So when I got free tickets (yup, that's for me) my husband, two kids, and I dressed up and headed into town. Cirque dreams illumination was an incredible show. Jugglers, clowns, contortionists, illuminating lights, audience interaction. Exciting, fun. If I wasn't saying "Oh my gosh", I was laughing or just mesmerized. Run to the Majestic for this show. It is only here until Sunday. And sit on the balcony. And enjoy what San Antonio has to offer.
<review# 272,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2011,3/14/2011,34,173,3,4,3>You know what's good about this place?  If you're craving a pizza, you will get a pizza that be both delicious AND satisfy your pizza cravings (I'm looking at you, Dough).The whole place is very New York, right down to the slightly obnoxious New Yorkers' hedging of bets with Mets/Yankees and Giants/Jets posters right next to each other all over the walls.  But beyond that, they serve a pretty great pizza.  Everyone out front seems to be a 40-something year old New Yorker, from the cashier to the bus boy to the woman taking to-go orders over the phone, complete with accents and shortness of conversation.  They do have San Antonio service though, as everyone is exceptionally nice and they'll have no problem making sure you get everything from drinks to extra Parmesan for your table.The pizzas, while unspectacular in their design, are flawlessly formulaic, from the extra gooey cheese melt to the delicious assortment of meats, veggies, and mushrooms.  The sausage and meatball are both perfectly seasoned and the exact right balance of chewy and juicy.If you're feeling too adventurous, there's no 42' monsters, BBQ chicken, nor prosciutto and spinach here, but it's definitely not a bad place if you're looking for some comfort pizza.
<review# 273,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2011,3/13/2011,153,232,2,6,3>Whenever you walk up to any business with a yelp sticker remind them that you are friends of Krys T.!  When you do this it will open you up to a new levels of service!  We introduced ourselves to Chef Manny as friends of Krys and he started talking gave us a rundown of the park, his menu favorites, happenings, the custom cars next door and what his favorites on the menu are.After our discussion I ordered the 5 mini Tacos for $7,  3 carnitas & 2 lamb tacos.  They arrived quickly topped with onions and cilantro and 3 different salsas.  Habanero Mango, Avocado Cilantro Cream, & Chipotle.  The tacos were delicious and my favorite salsa was the Avocado cilantro.  Thanks Manny for a wonderful meal I will be back soon!
<review# 274,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2010,3/12/2011,270,226,3,7,7>Cool Beans is nestled in a scenic part of town just 3 miles north of the outer bubble. You will definitely find a better quality hit of caffeine here than the national chain. The caffeine-free latte actually tastes pretty decent here. My small 12-oz. order is automatically a double shot of espresso, which I like. What's also very important to me is that my latte does not taste "burnt." I really don't know what gives it that burnt taste that so many baristas and cafes manage to produce, but it was definitely not in my latte, thank goodness. The decor is really charming. The walls are painted in light aqua, soft green, and watermelon. There are Hawaiian mementos everywhere. I think we were sitting next to a surfboard too. Even the unisex restroom was not spared. This place is adorable.They have a list of creative foo-foo concoctions for those that like to dress up their coffee drinks with different flavors. Maybe I'll try these out one of these days. For those in a hurry to be somewhere, I believe there's a drive-thru, but I have no idea if it's used at all. And of course, the all-important complementary wi-fi is available with a drink purchase. There is live music every Saturday at about 4 in this intimate venue.
<review# 275,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2011,3/11/2011,38,67,1,1,1>I have heard so much about this coffee shop so I deceided to give it a try. It is fairly easy to find, however, parking seems to be a bit limited. You can also park on the side streets. I immediately like the environment when I first walk in. It's fairly quiet, staff are very friendly. They have a decent tea selection (I'm not quite a coffee drinker). So I got myself a nice cup of tea and sink into one of the couches. Wifi connection seems to be good and stable also.I will certainly come back! Next time I will try their menu.
<review# 276,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2011,3/10/2011,45,184,2,3,2>This HEB is above the rest with its elitist ways..but I like it and I'm addicted. Incredible variety of produce compared to other locations and with all the extra touches the other yelpers mentioned I can't help but choose this location over the rest. It just seems cleaner, fresher, and has a larger variety of organic items..and they have my Hansen's soda that I've had trouble finding. The bulk foods aisle is also good, with a variety of fresh peanut butter, my honey's favorite. They have a great selection of brews and wine to go with that fabulous dinner you're planning on making. Don't forget the electronics area that is tucked away in the back. They always have some blowyourmind deals going on back there.I do have to deduct a star for the insane parking/traffic jam that seems to be taking place everytime I go there. Very annoying to say the least so it's best to time your visit early in the day, but most likely it'll still be insane. Also, the layout is very odd at first to get used to and wish they had a larger ethinic foods section.
<review# 277,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2010,3/9/2011,107,118,5,7,6>There are really only two days I get a hankering to go a bakery: the most glorious of all days, Saturday and Sunday. I know I'm not alone here; why then, are 90% of bakeries closed on Sunday? Who knows, but I've lamented the fact most of my adult life. Thank goodness for Sol y Luna! They may have lured me in with their blasphemous Sunday hours, but they won me over with their scrumptious baked goods. The favorites in my household include the cheddar jalapeño bread, the kolaches, and the gooey cinnamon rolls. They also (sporadically) make a wonderful foccacia bread that is topped with tomatoes and cheese (almost pizza like) that is delicious. In addition to baked goods, they offer coffee and espresso drinks. The staff is super friendly, and they always have yummy samples for the patrons to try.
<review# 278,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2011,3/8/2011,22,35,2,3,2>Finally, a coffee bar in my hood! The first thing you'll think when you enter is "is this a coffee bar or a comfy, warm lounge", because of its modern approach to the decor. Well, they're a bit of both. They make pretty good mocha's, lattes and other caffeinated treats. They also have a pretty extended menu of sandwiches, soups and other scrumptious items that will make you drool as you wait in line to order up. Their banana nut loaf is pretty good and worth coming back for. Their soups are mouth watering and will make you think "Damn this is good, why didn't I ever have this before?" Mac'n cheese, just that....mac'n cheese, your kid (not you) will love it. Also of note, is their different drinks ranging from traditional caffeinated beverages to something more exciting like bubble tea. The ambiance here is really warm, comfortable and relaxing. Half the seating inside is either sofas or accent chairs, while the other half are chairs and tables. Very comfortable and relaxing, especially if you're just planning to order up a cup of Joe and watch some TV, which by the way, they have four 42 inch LCD TVs to enjoy while you sip away on your beverage of choice. Good part about it is that it's not a sports bar environment where everyone is always cheering, on the contrary, it kind of flows with the mood of the clients of the time, which typically tends to be either working professionals, students or people just geeking out with a mocha and leaching off the free wifi.......like myself..........anyway, it's usually inviting here. For all you parents who want to enjoy a nice caffeinated beverage, but worried about taking the kids to a coffee bar because they will lose interest, fear not, this place also has a wii just for them. They also have a few stocked games, but feel free to bring your own if you own a wii, somehow, I don't think the owners will have a problem with you bringing in wii games. One think I particularly like is that if you place an order, feel free to take a seat, the people behind the counter will bring it to you. You don't have to wait around for your name to be yelled out to get your order. Whatever it is, they will bring it to you, which I think is great, because this means I can sit my lazy butt down and don't have to get back up after I make myself at home on the sofa, with the remote watching a good episode of Family Guy or something, almost like being at home.....but better......they bring the food to you! Aside from the coffee drinks, the teas, the snacks, the sandwiches, the soups, the salads, the friendly service and the sweets, they also have a wine area as well. How cool is that? Almost like a one stop shop. Their wine area is off in a nook, surrounded by brick and gives it a nice feel. So, for making better caffinated drinks than the chain brand, offering up a decent menu for when I'm hungry that actually tastes good and doesn't cost an arm and won't make me mortgage off my kidney, most variety of drinks than most other places I've been to and has a great look and feel about, this places gets 5 stars! Certainly worth considering if your on the prowl for some caffeine and relaxing environment.
<review# 279,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2010,3/7/2011,78,151,1,4,1>I went last weekend for the first time and I almost called my husband to tell him how jealous he was going to be. People were sitting around having coffee and pastries, while others were perusing handcrafted chocolates, spreads, cheeses, ice cream, etc. I wished there was a bit more diversity in the produce, but I was SUPER excited about grass-fed lamb, beef and bison! I saw Food, Inc and I've definitely cut back the meat intake! The first week I bought ground bison, ground lamb, cucumbers, onions, mushrooms (!), and fresh mozzarella. This past weekend, I bought iced coffee, a muffin, cantaloupe, bison steaks and hubby had two breakfast tacos and a tea. He was glad he came with me and I know I'll be a regular every Saturday. I figure I'll get what I can at the Farmer's Market, then on Sunday morning buy whatever else is needed to make complete meals for the week.We get 3 votes a day. Paying a little extra at the Farmer's Market each Saturday means not paying in health bills or years of life later! :)
<review# 280,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2010,3/5/2011,6,47,3,4,3>One of my very favorite restaurants in town, and not just for the food.  I eat here 2-3 times per week for lunch, which is very reasonably priced for the lunch specials.  The people who own and run this restaurant are some of the very finest people I have ever met in my life.  That alone would warrant five stars, even if the food was simply mediocre.  Fortunately for the rest of us, the food is outstanding.  Where do I begin?  As an appetizer, everyone is served hush puppies served with their incomparable homemade tartar sauce.  I sometimes feel like there is crack in the tartar sauce--it is that good.  My personal menu favorites include the jerk pork with tropical rice, which is a perfect melding of heat and sweet.  It is not always available, and sells very quickly when it is.  Another favorite of mine is the deluxe burger, double patty, with chips instead of fries.  If this isn't the best cookout burger you have ever eaten and also one of the best burgers in town, you let me know and I will argue with you until I am blue in the face.  Now, if you are a big seafood lover like I am, this place has that down in spades as well.  The fried or grilled catfish, tilapia, or shrimp will simply blow your mind.  It just depends on how you like it.  Personally, I like my shrimp and fish jerk grilled, but the fried and spicy (salted) versions are wonderful as well.  I could go on and on about the food at D's, but you just have to go and try it for yourself.  I have not had a bad meal here in the 4-5 years I have been eating here.  Do yourself a favor and check it out!
<review# 281,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2013,5/1/2013,43,77,2,4,2>I am ecstatic to have this restaurant in my neighborhood. We have eaten here a couple times and have nothing but excellence to report. The menu has a good bit of variety and changes often. The small plates style set up has allowed us to try several offerings. I am quite sure that the chef possesses the skills to run a higher end tasting menu style restaurant. However, I am glad that he has chosen to go the route of a neighborhood joint. I am happy to pop in as often as I can. The standouts are the lamb kebabs, jack Mac & cheese & duck tostadas. The craft beer list is small yet good. The wine selection is excellent given the reasonable price for some great bottles. Stark's Louis Ghost chairs are rarely inviting but work given the tight space that is the interior here. If you walk by this restaurant when it is closed it may come off as form over function & a bit cold. However, leave any preconceptions behind & just go for a good time. The outdoor seating is abundant and on a nice part of S Alamo in King William. The one item that has us coming back is their ever evolving bread pudding. The last iteration of which was chocolate chip served with a waffle cone in cream on top.....need I say more.
<review# 282,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2013,4/30/2013,36,227,3,6,4>Wasn't quite sure what we were walking into here, guided purely by curiosity, though confident by the reviews - we were not disappointed.  It is really not much from the outside, and it's location doesn't help either.  When you walk in, however, it is a different story.  Greeted with smiles and the aroma of sweet Jamaican spice, it doesn't matter what you order, the staff just smile.  They know that whatever you choose, you will love it.  And dats d'ole truth mon!  (Sorry, had to)So, the Oxtail is what everyone raves about, and their right on.  There isn't much meat on the bone, but what you get is some of the most tender, delicious, perfectly cooked meat you'll ever enjoy.  If you've never had it, it's almost like pot roast meat, but better.  The Jerk Chicken is also a must try, but beware, when they say spice, they mean it.  After your first bite, you get the sweet, then after a few seconds you get heat.  Great mix of sweet, spice, and grill.  Also tried the Coco bread, served hot, it's like a large sweet dinner roll.  Nothing fancy, but really good.  The bright yellow walls match the heart of this place.  Very clean and well kept dining area, these folks take pride in their restaurant and their food.  We will definitely be returning.
<review# 283,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2013,4/29/2013,274,398,3,6,3>Had to try the Pho based upon the recommendation of the amazing fellow yelper Sonia C. She was absolutely correct. The Pho here is fantastic. I started off with a summer roll. I'm a sucker for a good summer roll with the good peanut sauce. This one was spot on and the sauce fantastic. I'm a sucker for this roll. For the Pho I went with P16 (brisket, flank steak and tripe). absolutely fantastic. So much I could not finish, though I did pick out the good stuff. The service was very good; attentive, polite and fast. I found the ambiance to be relaxing and pleasurable. A great place to get your Pho on.
<review# 284,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2013,4/28/2013,232,93,4,7,5>New Favorite Dance Bar in town!!!!! This Place is a GEM!!! So its an actual Country Western Bar that is , just like Vinny H said; Huge and Clean! They have pool tables, darts, a nice sized bar, a great new wooden patio and excellent Bartenders!  The owners are often there and you can tell there is a great sense of pride that they take with their bar. When things get busy which are Saturday Nights, they have no problem in helping out and keeping things running smoothly. The music is usually awesome and the Dj's take requests without that usual cold " I'm So Cool I'm a DJ" Attitude - which is a real nice change of pace. They have pretty good drink specials and its seems like the also do a lot of stuff in the community too , such as fundraisers and two stepping contest. I went out there for the first time and felt like I was immediately at home. It has a nice clean, fresh and well lit vibe to it which is a fantastic change from the run of the mill dingy country bar. It is great for a date or for parties which I have seen them have some cool birthdays. Fridays are great and I know at least one night of the week  they do Karaoke. If you love to people watch Saturdays are wonderful cause the place fills in! There is a lot of free parking which is also a plus.  The Bartender Wayne and the other Wolf who had served me several times were just phenomenal ; attentive and new what my friends and I were drinking after just a round or two.  The place has great small details, like a disco ball cowboy boot, nice decor and clean bathrooooms!  So if you love country music and you love good drinks and people then check this place out. Its a really " everyone is welcome" no drama kinda place... OH and BTW on Wednesday if you don't know how to dance they offer free two stepping lessons!
<review# 285,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2013,4/27/2013,33,558,2,10,6>Indoor shooting range---great for dealing with the Texas heat.  Like the other reviews mentioned, the staff here are VERY friendly.  You're greeted from the first time you step into their facility till the moment you leave.  There were a couple of times where we forgot about the rules and were reminded, but they weren't rude about it.  Prices are decent. Facility is clean.  I would recommend you go with someone who knows what they're doing (loading, unloading, basic shooting rules, etc.)  The staff can help, but they are usually swamped as this place can get pretty packed!  Think they have about 12 ranges, so it fills up quickly.Complimentary headphones, eye wear, and target sheet per shooter.
<review# 286,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2013,4/26/2013,211,179,9,10,12>Ladies and Gentlemen, may I present to you my 100th Yelp Review:After debating on and asking for advice as what to do my 100th review on, I decided I needed to do it on a place that I love, I frequent ridiculously often, and that can always put a smile on my face, regardless what the day held for me beforehand.  And that, my friends, is Alamo Drafthouse Park North.  Being a transplant from Austin to San Antonio I was ecstatic when the announcement was made regarding this location, especially with it being as close to me as it is.  I was among those in the preview audience, paying $1 for a movie and all food and drink for 1/2 price.  I've been among those there for many a midnight premiere showing, many a quote-along, many a Horror Remix, many a....well, you get the idea.  And that should speak enough for my love of the Drafthouse.  But I too, shall continue to speak for it-They have so many great things going for them: the no talking or they'll take your ass out policy, their no kids policy, their rotating badass brews on tap, the special events they host, and so forth.  They've taken the dinner and a movie experience to a whole new level.  The menu gets updated frequently as do their taps.  My favs include the margarita pizza, veggie burgers, queso magnifico, and their dear departed jalapeno poppers.  On the brew side I LOVE getting my growler filled w/ Pecan Porter or any of their seasonal rotating beers (be sure to ask for samples if you're indecisive).There you have it folks.  My passionate homage to my beloved Drafthouse.  And please, don't say a cross word to me about my Drafthouse, or I'll have to take your ass out!
<review# 287,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2013,4/25/2013,43,300,3,3,3>best sushi happy hour in san antonio! it's not the cheapest, but it's the best quality+pricewise i've found so far. if you make it to hh, definitely get the signature seven ($57). it includes 52 pieces of sushi -- the perfect amount for two sushi lovers. :) & our server told us that it's a $28 savings from the regular prices. pretty good!the rolls included are: spicy tuna roll salmon avocado roll new orleans roll spicy girl rollduncan roll sushihana rolltiger rollthe salmon avocado was delicioussss. the fish was so buttery and the rice mix was surprisingly good too (a rare find in sa). as far as the rest of the "specialty rolls," i didn't remember which ones were named what, but overall out of the 7 rolls we really liked 5 of them. will definitely be back soon! :)
<review# 288,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2012,4/24/2013,12,67,2,6,6>You come here for the food, yes, but also to appreciate the way this restaurant conducts business.  We are so used to being able to get anything we want anywhere we are, we don't often consider everything that has to go into getting ingredients from where they originate to where you are.  The Slow Food movement brings us back to earth, so to speak.  Gwendoyln's menu changes nightly, depending on what they're able to bring in fresh from a 150 mile radius.  And with the concept of Slow Food in mind, don't come here expecting a quick meal, as the preparation here is also based on pre-electricity techniques.  Our meal spanned about two hours.We went for the three course tasting, and as others have mentioned, you'll save $20 on the three course menu by going before 6:30 on a Tuesday, Wednesday or Thursday.  I won't go into great detail on each course, but I can tell you that everything was absolutely fantastic.  Highlights included the quail, deliciously succulent and citrusy, with perfectly grill marks, and vegetables in a balsamic glaze.  Service was anything but pretentious, but rather down-to-earth and friendly.  The ambiance is also unpretentious, with small touches that help transport you back to an simpler time.  The proprietor also stopped by our table to see how we were enjoying the meal, and also if we had any suggestions for improvement, which I really appreciated.  As good as his food is, he knows customer feedback is king.
<review# 289,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2013,4/23/2013,36,119,2,6,3>The new location of Green is beautiful.  While I really liked the old spot, this one seems more airy and open, and has a great patio for al fresco dining.  And the menu is pretty much the same Green you know and love.  I've written before about some of my faves--the asian eggplant and the faux sesame chicken--but I'm here to tell you that the panko-fried pickles are wonderful.  They're small spears, so the frying really turns out well, almost like a little tempura pickle.  Best if eaten on location, although I took them to go once and still enjoyed them.I finally got around to trying the chopped BBQ sandwich.  The flavor and texture was certainly beefy, but I was served more bun than filling, so it left me a little bummed.  It was also a bit dry.  If you're really craving faux bbq beef, it'll hit the spot, but I'm probably going to be sticking to my favorites in the future....although I strayed to the eggplant parm sandwich the other day and really enjoyed that menu item.  They fry veggies up well here at Green!  (My picky S.O. gives a shout out to the sweet potato fries too!)I will stand by their kale salad until I keel over someday, but in case mgmt is reading, it's been TOO spicy the past two times I've visited.  I like spicy, but it's bordered on inedible recently.  Please fix this!  I'm getting afraid to order it, when it's been my favorite side in the past.As always, they serve up some good refreshing beverages, like their fresh lemonade and their hibiscus tea.  And I will have a vegan hostess cupcake with that, thankyouverymuch.Perhaps because of all those fried veggies, you are a bit at risk for smelling like fried foods when you leave this restaurant.  If you're on your way somewhere classy, you may have better luck eating outside on the lovely patio.  There is a reason this place is always busy.  Go get your Green on.
<review# 290,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2012,4/22/2013,34,352,2,4,2>For a tiny BBQ joint that's been around since I was just a senior in high school and didn't find out about til reading an article in the Current for bonafide Texas style 'que joints here in S.A., Augie's sure hits the spot!  Brisket, ribs, sausage, coleslaw are what I recommend.  You can add sauce if you like.  I'd just pour a little bit on the side since it's a bit sweet.   The Bill Miller's like fries are a bit too salty and thick for my tastes.  And I'm not a huge fan of their Carolina style pulled pork sandwich w/ coleslaw on top.  It must be a North Carolina thing because I'm not really used to coleslaw in a sandwich.  Augie's also has a tea machine where you can "pick your poison" between their sweet tea, green tea, black tea and Nestle raspberry tea.  Augie's has friendly servers and it's just across the street from the zoo and Brackenridge Park, making you feel like you're smack dab in the middle of nowhere and away from the hustle and bustle of the big city and is just minutes away from downtown, Trinity University, UIW and the St. Mary's strip.
<review# 291,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2013,12/27/2013,50,82,2,7,4>OH MY GOD. I love ice cream. I never even noticed this place on the way to Marble Slab. Brindles is definitely my new go to ice cream spot in this area. Not only do they have ice cream, but they have gelato as well. There is a good variety of flavors and the staff is very willing to give you samples to try before you decide what you want. The only criticism I have is that it is a little bit of an animal house when it gets crowded. No lines, no sense of order. But, you wouldn't even think about it once you have a taste of that ice cream!!!!
<review# 292,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2013,12/26/2013,31,93,2,3,3>This review has been a long time in the making! I have been coming to K. Charles & Company for about a year, and their service has been consistently amazing. It took me long enough, but I wanted my review to do them justice. I see Brianna for my haircut. She is excellent at her craft and also discusses what I want before she starts to work. Her product recommendations have always been on point as well. To save time and increase my chances of seeing Brianna on a busy day like Saturday, I usually let them know in advance that I am fine with another stylist blow drying my hair as long as Brianna will come check my cut afterwards and adjust as needed. I also find making appointments on the phone to be easier than online scheduling - call me old-fashioned! I have also gotten my eyebrows waxed here twice and both times, the results were perfect - cleaned up yet natural. I am so glad to have found K. Charles & Co.
<review# 293,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2013,12/25/2013,198,247,8,8,8>Absolutely breathtaking spot! My sister convinced me to check it out with her, I was opposed to it because I was wearing boots with a baby heel. I fell in love with it fast until we got lost LOL What was supposed to be a 5 minute quick look turned into an hour hike and an unbuttoned blouse. The map didn't really help much nor did the people running or walking which I completely understood. I will return but with proper shoes, attire, and red beans.
<review# 294,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2013,12/24/2013,67,174,2,4,3>FARM TO TABLE!! When I first heard of this restaurant through an email from TidBits San Antonio, I was completely hyped up for our first experience.The Clean Plate fully lived up to the hype!! I was so happy that the flavors of what we ordered matched our enthusiasm in finding a place in San Antonio that is farm to table.I ordered the burger with grilled onions... It is now one of my favorite burgers in all of San Antonio! I am not sure what all they put in there, but it has a wow-factor that cannot be beat!  From what I could tell, they had a wonderful amount of whole-grain mustard on a wonderful brioche bun and fresh greens.  I didn't even feel compelled to reach for the ketchup.  The burger was served with great shoe-lace style fries that were perfectly crispy.My boyfriend enjoyed the tacos... although they were a bit too spicy for me to sample, I'll believe him when he says they are great!Even though I give up soda drinks from time to time, I am still enamored by the restaurants that have a small refrigerator of Mexican Cokes made with real sugar.  Try one! It tastes great with the burger.I cannot wait to try the rest of the menu.  The restaurant has a great casual atmosphere.  Perhaps the good karma of this place just comforts the entire eating establishment?I wish I could eat here everyday! And perhaps with consistent patronage more "clean plates" or similarly minded restaurants can spring up all over San Antonio.I meant to ask the wait-staff too, but one of the challenges is parking. I believe The Clean Plate has about 5 parking spaces for the restaurant itself, but it is unclear where everyone else can park without being ticketed or towed.... and the restaurant can fit way more people! Also, I believe the Clean Plate is only open for breakfast and lunch during the week.... makes it a little difficult for my boyfriend and I to eat here all the time, but we will make the effort to be here!!
<review# 295,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2013,12/23/2013,118,76,4,6,5>Best Grocery Chain in Texas! Let me preface this review by saying, this is my first and likely only review of a grocery store.  It is only due to the exemplary customer service that I've received on multiple occasions that I felt compelled to write a positive review for HEB. Aesthetically, this is one of the nicest grocery chains I've been in.  Not only is the store huge, it's beautiful, well maintained and they truly go above and beyond to provide a variety of fresh produce, a unique bakery selection, a sushi counter (that I happen to really enjoy, and I'm from California, sushi snob capital) and a great wine and beer selection, if you're in to that thing.. which of course I am!Day or night this store is always incredibly busy, I mean bumper carts, it's hard to get through the aisle to get your food kinda busy, but the shoppers are pretty respectful and HEB somehow manages the chaos that is Sunday morning groceries. Outside of aesthetics and the busy atmosphere, let me tell you about the incredible customer service I've received .  I'm an "organic" foodie (call me an over-spender) but I like the idea of organic food and was consistently disappointed that they never had any organic potatoes or organic fresh corn.  So, recently I wrote a brief email to this store just to see if they could do anything!  Well the response I received was pretty incredible.  The operations manager contacted me, thanked me for my feedback, told me that they are now currently sourcing to see if organic corn/potatoes was possible and that there supply group would be contacting me.  WELL WHAT DO KNOW, on Sunday this week the variety of fingerling potatoes (the purple, red, yellow ones) were available (ORGANIC)!  Now that's service.  This same shopping trip I decided to get a cupcake and asked curiously about a chocolate in the case, the bakery counter gentleman was EXTREMELY nice, even offered a sample to me! I am just consistently impressed by the group at this HEB, but the service provided from the management team and from the incredible follow up to a very simple email.Keep it up, as long as I'm in South Texas, I will always shop at this HEB.Sincerely,Your Biggest Grocery Fan
<review# 296,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2013,12/22/2013,140,52,4,8,6>This place is a piece of heaven for my family. My mom is Colombian, and because of her I am half. Before finding this cute little store, my mom and I have scoured the many, dozens, hundreds, thousands of Mexican stores in the state of Texas for products from Colombia. WE NEARLY CRIED FINDING LAS AMERICANS LATIN MARKET near North Star Mall! The owners are Colombian, and their store carries just about every essential food product that a Colombian might miss not having in the states. I have found my all time favorite childhood drink manzana postobon (pink apple soda), and they even have frozen arepas (flat cornbread type of deal) ready to eat. This store is just everything. While having a plethora of Colombian goods to choose from, you can also find products from other Latin American countries here There is also a section of fresh products like plantains, avocados, and yuca. Sometimes they have freshly made Colombian empanadas made on sell, you should definitely try them. They are delish!The parking is small, but I've come at random times in the day and never had trouble finding a spot to park.
<review# 297,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2013,12/21/2013,14,43,4,5,4>Went in for my Pho fix. The service was fast and very friendly. I ordered #029 Pho Bac Diet, which has Sirloin beef, beef balls, beef tendon, tripe...beef beef beef!!! It was amazing! The broth was perfect and didn't need anything else added, except of course Sriracha. Its a sacrilege not to put Sriracha on anything. I put Sriracha on Sriracha! Anyways, the place was really clean, and the decor was sleek and modern. They also have an outdoor seating area. As I was in the middle of scarfing down my Pho, I was thinking how I couldn't wait to come back and bring wifey. Cheers!
<review# 298,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2013,12/20/2013,192,81,4,6,5>My love for Citrus started last year when the wait for Bohanan's was ridiculous and all I wanted for my birthday was a yummy dinner. Since then I have been back for dinner with friends and business lunches. Service: I noticed that in other reviews for Citrus there was an issue with the pace and attention by servers. For dinner I would agree that the servers have room for improvement. But ... it is a fine line that can easily be crossed because I don't like a rushed dining experience but I don't want empty water cups or to wait for the bill.Food: Their menu changes often so I am always excited to visit. Paella/Pasta bar for $12.95 is good but I am not really a fan of pasta bars in general and $12.95 is a little more than I want to spend on lunch. The bar comes with soup, other small apps. and fresh agua frescas so if you know how to "buffet" that it works.I had their carrot soup that they should rename to "Explosion of Autumn Flavors" maybe not those words exactly but it is really good and carrot soup sounds boring and something your mom would make you eat while you cry because it is so gross.  You can tell by the presentation that they really take pride in their food and your overall experience.You must have the Hazelnut Cheesecake. The Panna Cotta is good but the cheesecake is so luscious. The great part is that it is too much so you can take it home and enjoy it again.    Burger is good, fries are thin (not really a fan of fries like that), their market fish is good, chicken is good, crab cake app is good, crab cake dinner plate is okay.They have a room off to the side that is great for meetings. The main dining area gets a little loud for a meeting. Perk is that they have seating that overlooks the river.
<review# 299,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2013,12/19/2013,25,62,2,5,4>Love this place!!! I have to start by expressing my love for this amazing indoor play land. As an adult, I'm amazed by this place, so I can only imagine how kids feel walking in here. They have a massive wooden pirate ship, wooden monster truck, castle and playscape. They also have a basketball court, moon jump, movie area, baby area and a cool little city that kids can climb around in. Best part is they have two massage chairs, so parents can get a lil chair massage while the kiddos run around and play. My boys could stay here all day if I let them.  Of all the amazing things I love about this place, what I love most is that they blast the A/C and its nice and cool in there...theres no way I can take the boys to the park during a San Antonio summer. They'll be fine, but I turn into one hot mama, literally. So Funtastic Playland to the rescue, the boys burn off all their energy and I get to relax in a massage chair and run around with them too, from time to time. BTW kiddos need to wear socks in order to play and you only pay an entrance fee for the kids. Also, parents and children are stamped with the same number and it's checked at the exit for safety.
<review# 300,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2013,12/18/2013,104,119,3,8,5>We kept seeing Gallo's listed on several "Best pizza in SA" lists, so we decided to check it out...so glad we did!  The service was first -rate,and friendly, and the pizza ( we ordered the 18" Cucuy - a huge pizza...more than enough for three hungry people - cheese and pepperoni) was really yummy!  The ingredients were fresh and the crust, while not as crispy or thin as I prefer, was delicious and crunchy.  The space is homey and laid back...nothing fancy here, but that doesn't matter.  What matters here is the food....and the prices!  We paid $16 ( including tip) for that huge pizza plus 3 drinks (if you check in on Yelp, you'll get 10% off).We will definitely be back!
<review# 301,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2011,3/16/2012,133,93,4,15,6>I do not understand why this place has such a bad rep!  Yes, it is far but the food is not horrible and neither is the service!  In fact our food was amazing and the manager and waiter were both more than helpful and pleasant with our loud obnoxious and big table.  We had tons of food this night to include: tableside guac, chorizo y queso, chips and salsa, and enchiladas three ways.  I loved my food and everyone at my table did too.  Well there was on person who wasn't thrilled with the fish tacos but admitted that it was bad ordering on his part as he doesn't fell like fish tacos much.  GIVE THIS PLACE A CHANCE PEOPLE!  Go check it out!  You get a free app when you check in on Yelp so it is worth it....
<review# 302,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2011,3/15/2012,113,78,2,2,2>LOVED Costa Pacifica!! You guys should all check this place out!This is as close as you can get to Authentic Mexican Seafood in SAThe restaurant itself is somewhat small, but its clean & simple decor. They have outdoor seating in the front of the restaurant by the parking lot and they also have a patio with fans and nice view towards the backside of restaurant. They had great service ! We were never thirsty. Our waiter was always cheking on us, but wasnt over doing it either.We enjoyed all of our dishes.... I had the Oriental Tostada! You have to try this when you go ! Tastes sorta like sushi on a tostada. I also tried the fish ceviche tostada ...yum and then I had the Zarandeado Fillet.... Everything was good.They have Happy Hour from 4-7 during the week. Great drink specials. The magaritas & micheladas... 2 thumbs upcant wait to go back
<review# 303,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2012,3/14/2012,125,290,5,4,3>It's all about the bar.  Their menu consists of the usuall grill/cafe fare with a few highlights such as their waffle fries and burgers.  Slightly better food than Cheddars with slightly cheaper prices than Chilis.  However, if you're a fan of drinking (right here!) then I highly suggest their bar.  They have a large selection of cocktails and 5 or so beers on draft.  Nothing fancy like BJs but they have all the basics.  Bartenders are on top of their game here.  I never have to flag anyone down.  I don't know about the previous post claims that this side of town is "scary" but then again I've worked on the East side and grew up on the Southside so maybe I'm a little harder to scare.
<review# 304,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2011,3/13/2012,23,109,8,5,3>I consider Bulwark to be single-handedly responsible for my ability to remain a Texas resident.  My years of renting in this fine state have made me a reluctant connoisseur of cockroaches.  I really can't explain why I loathe cockroaches so, although I think their otherworldly speed and ability to masquerade under deceptively less-frightening aliases (palmetto bug?  seriously?  may as well name them Minnie and Mickie Roach) has something to do with it.  The night I encountered my first flying cockroach was a) my own personal hell, and b) the night I decided that (in honor of Scarlett O'Hara) as God as my witness, I would never share my kitchen with a cockroach again.  Honestly, I wasn't even sure it was possible-- we were renting a home from the 50s, and everyone had more or less told me that it was practically impossible to eradicate roaches from older construction. I read tons of online reviews and talked to friends and I found my way to Bulwark.  After the first month of their treatment, we never saw a roach in our house again, something I cannot say for previous exterminators we tried.  And I now feel safe at night walking into my kitchen and my bathroom.  Happy ending.
<review# 305,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2011,3/12/2012,125,331,3,8,3>Located right off of Pat Booker Road, right next door to the Universal City Animal Shelter.This park is split in half, one side for the big dogs and the other side for 35Lbs and under.  The entrance gate is a double gate for those of you with escape artists.  Park has running water available for the dogs, and picnic tables shaded by large canopies.The only thing keeping this to 4 stars is the lack of grass.  Yes, there is some grass in the park, but it's mostly dirt.  The city has plans to plant grass and make other improvements, but they still need donations.  Check the gate coming in for info on donating.
<review# 306,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2012,3/11/2012,204,426,,6,5>What a wonderful addition to the SA dining scene, a second location for Green.  While the menu differs from the N. Flores location, there are plenty of options on the menu for everyone, including meat eaters, those on a healthy kick and those looking for vegetarian comfort food.I have tried the Buffalo Chicken Sandwich and no other entree, why not, I found a pretty perfect sandwich.  I have grilled onions added for an extra kick.  The space is beautiful, the wait staff are very efficient, helpful and kind and parking sure is easy!Bottom line, the food is delicious, consistent, affordable and quick.  We have all waited a long time for this Alon Shopping Center to fill out, I would take a store front full of Green any day.
<review# 307,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2012,3/10/2012,74,116,6,4,4>Oh...My...Goodness...The very best, most perfect, Calzone in all the land can be found at Catalano Pizzeria in Cibolo!Thank you to John H. for suggesting this place.We were a bit concerned when we found this little hole in the wall on Main street. It was dark outside and we had to park across the street in a lot with no lighting. We walked in and had a seat at a booth just in time to feel the train come by. I was a bit relieved it did go "by" because it felt as if it was coming "through". Looking around, I could tell the building was old but clean. There was a huge fishtank with the grumpiest looking fish I had ever seen, which I thought was pretty awesome.My husband ordered the Stromboli, which satisfied him.I ordered the Calzone and I do believe it was the best decision that I have ever made in my life. I took one bite and swear the heavens opened up and the angels began to sing. The perfect dough. The perfect amount of meat to cheese. Oh, the Ricotta cheese...I am drooling as I type. Give me a moment to get a towel before my keyboard short circuits...Okay, I'm back. Did I mention that the Calzone was amazing? Well, what are you waiting for? Hurry! But, save some Calzone for me!
<review# 308,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2011,3/9/2012,84,393,1,5,2>Yes, it's a bit of a drive if you don't live in this area, however it's locally owned and operated.  During the dog food recalls I didn't have to worry because none of the products purchased here were affected.  They have their factory in Texas so you are supporting Texas jobs.  The dry dog food section lists the protein content, so you can make an educated decision on what to purchase.  They carry the Merrick brand wet dog food, which is made with organic ingredients.  My dogs love it, especially the "wing-a-ling" that actually has softened chicken wings in it.  The people are always caring and help me carry the gigantic bags of dry food out to my car.  They have an organic selection of cat food, and they have cedar litter if you don't like the sand/pellet kind.  I like shopping here because I like the idea of supporting a local company rather than some big box store, and I like the selection they carry for my pets.
<review# 309,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2011,3/7/2012,38,493,3,5,3>If it can be called a complaint that this museum has so much to see that one can get tired trying to cover it all, then that is my complaint.  Okay--one other complaint, the signage and flow through the museum is awful--we almost missed three entire floors of one wing because it's not really evident what is awaiting you up some unmarked stairwell tucked into a corner.The collection is really quite impressive, and I was pleasantly surprised at the artful and intimate way much of it is displayed.  In fact, it almost made me nervous that 3,000 year-old art pieces were mounted without any protection--you could (but should NOT) reach out and touch the items, and being able to examine them up close rather than peering through plexiglass provides a very exciting and intimate experience with the art.There is quite a lot to see here, ranging from ancient statues (in a wonderful open room with so much to explore) to folk art to modern installations to Latin American art to quirky pieces from South Pacific islands.  I think the best way to try to take it all in is to make multiple visits focusing on one section at a time.  We ended up spending so much time in the fascinating "Art of the Ancient Mediterranean World" exhibit that we ran out of time, patience and energy for the other 85% of the museum.  We'll be back!
<review# 310,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2011,3/6/2012,36,227,2,4,3>What a great place.  What I like about the Filling Station is that they do not slack on the important stuff.  A sandwich is best when all of the ingredients are fresh, bread and fillings.  And the bread is soooooo good.  The flour, the yeast, the other whatever ingredients they add and the patience, combine for the perfect canvas.  My favorite is the jalapeno roast beef.  Piled with the right amount of ingredients with just a hint of heat.  A few bites into it you feel the soft bread form around your fingers like memory foam, the cheese, the sauce, dripping so, just amazing.  Truly an art that these folks respect and uphold.  True bohemian bliss!  A must stop in San Antonio.
<review# 311,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2011,7/15/2011,29,162,1,1,1>We came here after T-Ball practice the other night because it was close by and I wanted fish tacos and also had to entertain the kids.  I haven't been here in a long time.  To our pleasant surprise, the outdoor seating area had a guitar player, which was really nice.  The fish tacos were excellent and the atmosphere reminded me of something in Austin.  Overall, my experience was much better than my last visit, so I am giving it an extra star.  The kids played on the slide and got to run around outside a little bit.  My 21 year old nephew thought the waitress was really cute and I got my fish tacos.  It was a good exerience and we will go back.  The food is a bit overpriced, so I think that's why I haven't been here in a while.
<review# 312,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2011,7/14/2011,30,153,1,2,1>Great little micro brewery in San Antonio.  I love how small they are.  Good food and good beer.  I'm not crazy familiar with the area, but it seems like their restaurant is a bit out of the way.  In any case, their patio is great on a cool evening with a nice view.I read an article a few weeks ago about how these guys could be Texas' closest thing to Delaware's Dogfish Head, and I think that's high praise.  If only Texas law weren't preventing these guys from bottling and selling their brew.  (Sam Calagione, Dogfish Head founder, went about changing Delaware law himself.  Texas is a much, much bigger place, but maybe Freetail could do the same.)Definitely check this place out, I have a feeling they're just getting started.
<review# 313,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2011,7/13/2011,85,159,2,12,4>I decided to deviate from the norm and go to Ojos Locos for a health conscious trip rather than a junkie one.  Call it an experiment, if you will.  I started with their tortilla soup which had squash, zucchini, carrots, tender potatoes, lean chicken, avocado, and tortilla strips as garnish.  The broth had a lot of flavor and the amount of vegetables was ideal.  For the main dish I ordered the grilled chicken salad with the house vinaigrette (spicy, sweet, tangy, and awesome).  The salad itself consisted of romaine lettuce with pico de gallo, cucumbers, roasted corn (yup, check out the browned ends of the kernels), and shredded carrots.  The chicken could have used more seasoning but other than that, it was juicy and tender.  Everything in the salad tasted fresh and crisp.  One thing about Ojos Locos that always amazes me is that for a sports bar, all of the dishes that I have ordered and seen so far are neatly presented.  It is refreshing to know a kitchen that still pays attention to detail regardless of what is served.  My server Danica did a good job.  She was friendly and made some great food recommendations.Ojos Locos gives you the option to indulge (wings, tacos, burgers, fries etc...) or control (soup, salads, fish tacos) without giving up quality and taste. So there you have it: you can still go to a sports bar and eat healthy and delicious food.  Who would have thought?
<review# 314,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2011,7/12/2011,10,67,2,2,2>I can see what all the buzz is about here. I never had sweet potato fries before, and now it's a must. It's a very 'hip' sort of scene to eat here I guess. The ping pong tables and basketball hoop are perfect for when you have a few gabbers with you and your'e tired of the same old rhetoric. I used to space out, now I don't mind staying around while the girls chat, or couples get schmoozy. Very good food, and if you see me there and want out of an awkward or boring conversation, challenge me to a game of ping-pong. You won't win, but it's better than hearing about what their cat did yesterday :).
<review# 315,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2011,7/11/2011,84,393,4,4,4>I was a little unsure of this palce when I first arrived, since it was first Friday and I have a little one.  I was worried we were going to be "those people" at the hipster place with a kid.  Not at all!  The hostess was super friendly and made sure that we were able to sit at a table outside.  My husband is a beer snob, and there were actually two beers on the menu that he hadn't tried (GASP!), that never happens.  I tried the Lagunitas espresso ale along with the seared brussel sprouts.  A nice combination.  I'm not a bone marrow fan, but with the garnishes provided it made for a smooth main course.  If you like a laid-back atmosphere, but some serious pared down food selections, along with a fine beer selection you will be happy you stopped by this place.
<review# 316,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2010,7/10/2011,12,9,3,5,6>Since having a job doesn't always equal Big Cheddar, I am constantly looking for cheap places to eat.  .  Enchilada Warehouse has lunch specials for $5.00 (including tea!) and I have always been impressed.The place is truly a warehouse of enchiladas.  Their menu is large and impressive.  Some day I'll try something other than the enchilada. . . maybe.  It's never too crowded, the food is always hot, the salsas are delicious, the waitresses have always been friendly and the decor is pretty cool.  The walls are dotted with individual pictures from Loteria cards and I kind of want to buy every one.  They've recently added jewelry there too. . . . I don't know what that's about.My only complaint about this place is that they serve breakfast and lunch but no dinner.  Okay, I have two - the beans are only so-so.  I'm not gonna complain too much about that one though.  After all, I can always fill up on salsa and chips!
<review# 317,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2011,7/9/2011,44,42,3,6,4>Nolen pretty much hit the nail on the head with his review, so I'll just add that if you're feelin the itch to drive to Mexico to experience and enjoy the south of the border excitement and flavor, save the gas money and let ericks scratch that itch right here in town. My wife and I have both been to Mexico on several occasions and one of the things we love most is the street food and flared atmosphere. Ericks has both! The food is as authentic as you can get. The street tacos are absolutely perfect! You can get 4 for 5 bucks, I usually get 2 beef and 2 chicken. Be sure to add a dab of both the red and green sauce! Kappow!!! Piñata explosion in yo mouth! Also try the "corn on a cup" (which is actually "in" a cup) it's whole kernel corn topped generously with butter, cream, Parmesan cheese and chili powder. Yum! They also recently added a "baking potato" which is of course a baked potato however it is served so hot that it is probably still baking while you are eating it. This taco truck stand is equipped with all of your favorite mexican sodas as well. You can plan to go with a group for a large feast of Mexican street food at it's best, or just pop in for a quick pickle. The parking lot is a bit hectic and that's why I didn't give the full 5 stars. Go try ericks today and you'll be singing "eres tu" to yourself while eating your new favorite street tacos!Haha... Quick pickle.
<review# 318,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2011,7/8/2011,108,275,4,4,4>Yum, yum, yum..... NOW GO WORK OUT!Lol - okay great burgers, but just can't eat the cheddar cheesy macho too often, unless you want to have a heart attack and cholesterol issues.Do love this place - love to bring out-of-towners here.  It had been a while since I'd been here.  Used to frequent this place all through high school - my sis used to work there and I even celebrated my 18th birthday there in the bar area.....way - back - when, ahemAnyways,  wanna a great burger with small town feel and local flavor.....definitely come here.  It's a San Antonio staple!
<review# 319,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2011,7/7/2011,17,79,5,6,2>My boyfriend took me here for our anniversary and I have to say, it was amazing! I The place is an old home that has been transformed for dining. The bathroom is big with tile floors and complete with a bathtub. The place is really beautiful and romantic. We got sat in a small room with 3 other tables. Yes, nice small cozy room (except for the loud and getting louder with each wine patron next to us).We ordered the 8 course signature tasting menu with wine pairings.. No, it's not cheap (80 per person (30 extra for wine pairings)). But, it's totally worth it in my opinion considering that's about how much you spend at some steakhouses anyways.Okay, now the courses are small and I initially came VERY hungry. But, don't worry.. by the end, I was completely stuffed! Save room, because the last two courses are the best (Cast Iron Seared Beef Tenderloin and the desert which consisted of a dark chocolate cake covered in dark chocolate nutella with a peanut butter mousse!!) OHHH MYY GOD, it was soo good! I was practically banging on the table (a la Meg Ryan) by the end of the meal. I seriously can't wait to go back!P.S. There is a special lock on the bathroom door.. keep turning the handle... otherwise, anyone can walk in on you!
<review# 320,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2010,7/6/2011,32,166,1,4,4>Liberty Bar serves breakfast on the weekends until 2:00!  Who knew?  This morning, my husband and I lingered over fresh juice (orange, grapefruit), Gruyere and chile morita omelet for him (terrific flavors!), inventive "everything including the kitchen sink" chilaquiles for me (super yum), and the Sunday paper.  The two little Mexican chocolate cookies, brought to our table when water was poured, were a lovely treat--love the spicy afterburn and deep chocolate flavor.  We passed on the "eye openers," but the couple sitting in the window were drinking Bloody Marys and they looked mighty tasty.  We love the new King William digs--white and wood, open, and airy.  Gracious service.  We look forward to many happy returns.
<review# 321,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2011,12/26/2011,37,47,3,3,1>I regret that there are only 5 stars to give this place. I had way too much food, but ate it all because it was so. damn. GOOD. I had brisket that was lean and smoky and melt-in-your-mouth good. Pork tenderloin that made me...well, I'd like to marry it. And the ribs...omg the ribs. Meaty pork ribs with tons of flavor and a good crust on the outside and did I mention MEATY!? If you get to San Antonio and DON'T come to this place...well, you let me know where to find you, cuz I got a boot for your ass. I can't believe I have visited my mom here for the last 17 years, and it's only NOW that I actually LIVE here that I got to this place. The only drawback was that I went at dinnertime, and the line was out the door and it was a HOT day. Otherwise...I could happily live there, just nibblin' on their ribs. And tenderloin. ...and brisket. I gotta get back there SOON. (check out their website... Guy Fieri has been there...for good reason!)
<review# 322,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2011,12/25/2011,202,256,17,6,8>There are very few cool "speakeasies" in San Antonio and when I say few, I mean very few.  As in one.......... this one.Don't let the name fool you.  This is not a place for comic book nerds to practice their Magic The Gathering skills while ensuring that they will never, in the foreseeable future, get laid.This is a bar!The Green Lantern is so cool that they ensure that no one unworthy can find them by not displaying a marquis, a sign, a banner or even a one legged balloon man, to announce their location.There motto is "if you can't find it, you don't belong here".  Well, I don't know if that is actually their motto but it is something a girl told me once, back in high school and it sounded appropriate now.Once found, this subterranean gold mine promises the finest liquor display in town.  Blended Scotch?  Not here granny!  Only single malt selections and only from those whose families supported the insurgent rantings of one, William Wallace."They may take our peat.  But they shall never take....OUR FREEDOM!"Don't dismay beer drinkers (like myself) there are plenty of hand crafted bottles and drafts to choose from and if you are lucky enough to be related to the bartender (like myself) then I'm sure you can find the right one to suit you.Vodka drinkers, however, there are but two or three which, once again, proclaims the clientele this establishment truly seeks.  So before you drag your new found female friend who TIVO's Real Housewives and Big Brother, you should be forewarned that there will be no Bullshots.      I have to say, however, that I was surprised that such a cool establishment could survive with such a small crowd supporting it while I was there.  I quickly realized, as my night drew to a close, that I start and end early and just as the clock struck 11, the douche bags began to flow in like the rising waters of Lake Titicaca.  Oh well, I certainly can't hold that against them.  People are bound to find out about a best kept secret and for now, this is mine.  But only during early hours.
<review# 323,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2011,12/24/2011,37,164,3,6,4>Is it ethical to review a business when one cannot indulge in their reputed specialties? I grappled with that dilemma for a very long time before deciding that it is - as long as it's disclosed up front, and no stars are deducted because of one's dietary restrictions. So here goes....Freetail Brewing was chosen for an informal gathering, on Valentine's Day, of single folks: we were coming in from all over the city (many of us, straight from work).  As we arrived, server Jen began taking our orders: my choices were a soft drink and the cobb salad, with honey balsamic dressing, as my entree. A cobb salad is pretty standard - or so I always thought.  This salad, though, deserves special mention: a hearty serving of fresh, crisp fresh romaine (and other lettuces) topped with a perfectly ripe avocado, gorgonzola, beautiful chunks of white chicken, tomatoes and the yummiest bacon EVER.  While it perhaps wasn't the very best salad I'd ever had, it certainly was in the top 10. This is no mean feat, I think, for a brewpub.Atmosphere was okay (3 stars) - I like the notion of having a non-smoking establishment with an outdoor "smoking optional" area.Service was superb: 5 stars! I was displaced from my seat, a couple of times, because when I got up to speak to someone at another table, a new arrival plunked down in the seat I had just vacated. Nevertheless, Jen capably tracked me down (without any discernible effort, no less. How does she manage to DO that?) to deliver my food.Obviously, I'd also give high marks for the food - a "5" for the salad - though I realize many patrons choose the more typical options, like pizza or appetizers.The website info seems to be lagging on updates, incidentally, so don't necessarily expect a particular "seasonal" brew to be available simply because the online menu still claims it is.  And although Freetail serves both wine and soft drinks, be aware they don't carry any gluten-free brews.The only other observation I'd like to offer is that Freetail is pretty far north and west - convenient if you live up in that general area. Not so much so, though, for those of us who live anywhere else in the city.  When I was in my twenties, I'd have gladly trekked across town for a cool place to hang out....but now? Uh-uh.  Nevertheless, I'm really happy I was able to check the place out - and I'll stop back in, next time I'm in the vicinity!
<review# 324,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2011,12/23/2011,150,84,2,2,2>Birdman Bread and Chocolate Chip Oatmeal cookies.  That's all you need to know to get started here.  If you want to venture into their other tasty treats, feel free, but those are the two items that keep me coming back for more!I'm growing weary of big box establishments that try to provide everything.  This is an example of an owner knowing their strength and continuing to take advantage of that strength.  Keep it going!Although I've limited my bread intake over the past year, this is my go to place for those times I need a treat.  Here you know you're getting baked goods made using only the best stuff out there.  No artificial nothing (that I'm aware of)!I have yet to find a bread better than Birdman Bread or a cookie better than the Chocolate Chip Oatmeal, and THAT is worth 5 stars to me.
<review# 325,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2011,12/22/2011,274,398,45,26,24>This review is based on my 8/26/2009 encounter with the Four Horseman. The Four Horseman is a half-pound burger topped with grilled jalapenos, serrano peppers, ghost chilies (aka Naga Jolokia), jalapeno jack cheese, and a good measure of habanero sauce. The challenge is to eat the burger in 25 minutes and then endure a 5 minute wait period with no beverage consumption while holding the burger down. My plan of attack was to eat the burger as quickly as possible and hopefully not taste the heat.  I was informed that I would get one complimentary glass of milk for consumption after the 5 minute waiting period. I signed the waiver and took a seat while the burger was prepared.When the burger was delivered I was pleasantly informed that I could have a drink while eating the burger. I selected ice water. While the whole restaurant was being informed that I was taking on the challenge (I had gone at 1:00 hoping to miss a crowd of spectators) I opened the burger to take a look at what the bun contained. In doing this I got some of the habanero sauce on my finger. I licked it off to get a taste. I sensed the heat and wanted the fanfare to end so I could devour this burger.I said I was ready and given instructions to go. I attacked that burger as if I had not seen food in days. Big bites, minimal chewing and in 3 minutes it was gone. Then the pain started. A very intense pain in my entire mouth and the thought of the 5 minute waiting period before I could consume the milk seemed as it would be an impossible feat. Then there was a major obstacle, I had to wait a minute between finishing the burger and the start of the 5 minute waiting period. With each passing second the pain intensified by a factor of 2. For me the 5 minutes after was so much more difficult than eating the burger. The 5 (actually 6) minute wait seemed like an hour plus. I was not going to eat the burger then lose because of the wait. 5-4-3-2-1. It was done and I immediately grabbed for the glass of milk and poured it down my throat. What relief as I consumed the milk but as soon as it was finished the intense pain returned. I quickly consumed another glass of milk and then several glasses of ice water. The pain began to diminish, like a fool I thought I had beaten the Four Horseman. I had only won the battle. Two hours later I was doubled over with the most intense stomach pain I had ever endured. It felt as if I were digesting shards of glass. The only thing that would diminish the pain was large quantities of cold milk. The pain would return several times during the night only to be followed by more mass quantities of cold milk.When one consumes mass quantities of any liquid it is just on loan and never owned. The process of returning the borrowed liquid would burn causing at first intense pain and then discomfort. For the next two days it would burn when I sweat or urinated and my own tears burned my eyes.. What did I gain? The burger was free and my picture is now on their wall. Would I do this again? NEVER!.
<review# 326,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2011,12/21/2011,46,30,3,5,4>A unique dining experience for date night, parents in town, or whatever your heart desires...The Lodge provides a fantastic experience that you MUST try.  After driving through a whimsical gate, up a magical path and had my car valeted by a handsome I was curious to see what this notorious restaurant called "The Lodge" was really all about. Once inside the large, wooden door of this old world house we moved over to the bar which was just the start of this welcoming venue.  After our drinks we were escorted upstairs to a bedroom/small private dining area.  the menu was set with 2 different sequences to choose from.  Chef Dady was amazing with his selections and the servers even brought little teaser tasters off the other menu.  My entire party left with their pearly whites shining for all of the staff to see.The End.
<review# 327,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2011,12/20/2011,94,341,1,2,3>I went here for Oktoberfest and had such a great time. The biergarten is huge and open air. There's lots of seating and plenty of beer. We sampled quite a few things including brats w kraut, potato pancakes, apple pastries. SO FULL afterwards! All the food was great except for the soft pretzel which was one of the pre made frozen ones that had been reheated and had too much salt. It's pretty rare to find a place w decent soft pretzels so Beeethoven gets a pass. The pitchers of good German beer are 13 bucks. It's a steal. We found on street parking just around the corner.  If you get a chance, you have to check this place out!
<review# 328,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2011,12/19/2011,1439,1280,4,7,7>Yummy homemade sangria!  **HUGE**  My friends and I each bought our own, enjoyed the nachos (the guacamole is sarap!) and the overall environment.  I shared a cheeseburger and fries with my g-friend and between the drinks, the apps, and that entree, we were stuffed.  Our 1st server - I say 1st because he was being considerate by telling us that our server would be right with us - followed up with a 'Btw, would you like anything to drink while you're waiting for her?'  We all looked at each other and sort of looked at the menus and I blurted out, "Ok.  What do you suggest?  This is our first time here!"  With that, he put on a huge smile and said, "Well!!!  I'd suggest our homemade sangria.  It's in a huge 32 oz glass and it's really good!"  We took him on his suggestion and went with it.  He brought them back and told us to swirl it around since the wine drops to the bottom.  We did as we were told and enjoyed!!!  Muy bien!Our *actual* server was just as sweet as can be.  She helped us figure out what we might like and even asked us if we wanted her to wait on putting in our main lunch order so we can space out our drinks and apps and not be bombarded all at the same time.  The place sort of reminded me of going back to Earl Abel's - the original location that was on Broadway - since the place was a definite throwback.  It works though!::: (\_(\*: (=' :') :**.. (,(")(")°..*`»
<review# 329,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2011,12/18/2011,383,299,14,20,16>A Hidden Surprise in San AntonioI've found myself searching for the best Pad Thai in Texas. Surprisingly, one of the best ones I've found is here in San Antonio - at Thai Bistro. As with most pad thai orders I make, I usually order chicken over beef or shrimp. For whatever reason, I don't know why. I guess the white meat from chicken absorbs the many flavors that comes in Thai cuisine better than other meats. Order the pad thai with a '2' spicy level and you are set with a satisfying meal. I don't like my food too spicy because I actually like to enjoy the flavors of the food rather than sipping on water every few minutes to sooth down the pain.The pad thai is not over sauced and the portion is great. The noodles do not clump up together like I've seen at other places. The pad thai has a great balance of spicy and sweet. Try it for yourself and see what I'm talking about.
<review# 330,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2011,12/17/2011,169,43,3,7,6>Came here again tonight after craving it the whole day. I got the #52 Egg noodle soup w/ wonton, shrimp, pork, & quail eggs. The regular size was so HUGE. It was like an extra large. I could already imagine how huge the large size was.The soup I ordered was very good but I only ate two thirds of it because it was just way to much, & it was only I believe $7.50?The waiter was very nice & kind. Our soups came out in less than 6 minutes & the place wasn't crowded. 5 Stars because they really deserved it. I could have gave them 6 stars if I could, cause the lady behind the counter's little son was incredibly cute! :D
<review# 331,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2010,7/10/2010,31,10,2,4,3>The Staff is great and was super patient as a I asked about 4 million questions pertaining to the type of chai they sell. I am not really a coffee drinker so I tend to judge a "coffee shop" more on the nontraditional items on their menu. For example their snacks and tea selection. Olmos could use a little bit of work on that in my opinion. Their chai is made with hydrogenationed oils and tons of sugar but I give them props for selling something besides Oregon Trail Chai!The atmosphere is amazing in here though and by far the nicest coffee shop in town to look at.
<review# 332,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2010,7/9/2010,26,59,,,>Been to L & R many times for happy hour, will be going many more times. The drinks are reasonably priced, waitresses are pretty good looking, and they have some damn good appetizers. If you go, I suggest you try the English Chips & Guinness Cheese, you'll be hooked for life!!!
<review# 333,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2010,7/8/2010,63,117,1,1,2>Woot woot!! I loved this placed even before I saw the consecutive Yelp stickers posted on its window. The gelato here takes me back to Florence, where my love affair with these frozen goodness first began. First off, just eying the multicolored velvety ribbons of gelato, I had an inkling that this may just be the real deal. Sure enough these taste buds don't lie. Although, the gelato is probably the star here, the menu is not limited to just these frozen deliciousness. I tried their fro-yo and it was OMG, delicious as well. Really bold yogurt flavors and you can pick from a selection of fresh topping too. Da Vinci, very soon, we shall be on first name terms with each other.
<review# 334,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2010,7/7/2010,25,319,1,2,1>We love this place. From their German Chocolate cupcakes to Red velvet cupcakes...to their lemon & blueberry tart...to their monkey bread...to their apple turnover....to their cinnamon bun....Wow. We've tried a lot of their stuff. Guess that's why we love it! If I find myself rushed for a dinner party, I'll buy four of their small treats, divide them into bite size pieces, and serve them on a layered tray. Always a hit with the guests! It's also nice to be able to add that their service is great!
<review# 335,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2010,7/6/2010,108,275,,7,8>Got my black belt from here way back when they were a relatively new school.  I took classes 8 years ago with my then only son.  Now, it's wonderful to say this school has expanded tremendously with the number of black belts and variety of classes.  The afterschool program is also great as I also now have 2 younger ones who participate and are working on their blackbelts as well.  They offer transportation from area schools, classes, time for snack as well as homework.Great family run business- Master Michael, Miss Nancy, Miss Michelle and even Grandmaster Joe have been wonderful to work with.
<review# 336,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/22/2010,7/5/2010,23,109,2,2,2>I appreciate La Frite for its attentive management and service, attempt at European ambiance (outdoor bistro sets.... unfortunately, with buses whizzing by) and the fact that it might be the only place in San Antonio that regularly serves fries with something other than a burger by their side.  It's the sort of great first date locale that walks the fancy/casual line quite nicely.  Because, you know, it's not fries you are eating... it's frites.  Right?  I plan to return to La Frite again, but not for the mussels.  It could be that I like mussels less than I think I do, but I just wasn't crazy about our shared entree of mussels in white wine.  Then again, it probably didn't help that my dining partner began to dissect the unattractive appearance of mussels.  They are far better gulped down quickly than thoughtfully ingested.  The dessert, a spongy almond roll, was perfect with a cappucino by its side.  I'd come back to La Frite again for a few beers or a dessert trip on a leisurely weekend.
<review# 337,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2010,7/4/2010,9,15,1,7,2>Where the grown up locals go (mostly).  So if you want to get some country/swing dancing in on the weekends you only have 2 real choices.  Midnight Rodeo, or Cowboys, everyplace else, has floors too small to really dance country.  Of the two, Midnight rodeo tends to be the friendliest and most dance friendly.  The music is very precicable, you will always hear 1 or 2 waltzs, a nightclub 2 step, 2-3 triple 2's, 2-3 country 2 steps, 1 fast swing, 2-3 Pop songs that you can dance west coast and or Cha cha too, and that is the pattern of music that DJ follows.The floor is a race track design is which is good for the progressive dances, but not so good at other times, as you can get run over.YOu can usually find the dancers in the center island area of the floor and the people here tend to be very friendly on friday nights.  On saturday night there are more kids but still pretty friendly.
<review# 338,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2010,7/3/2010,120,44,2,8,2>Although the mood was not good when I began my search for a garage door repairman, I eventually stumbled upon a coupon that just happened to come in the mail the day I needed it.  I called on Wednesday night to schedule a repair, hoping to get someone within a week and was greeted by a very friendly female on the phone that seemed to know exactly what the problem was just by my description.  She was very knowledgeable and helpful.  She was able to schedule a service call for the very next morning.  How's THAT for luck?!?The next morning, right on  schedule, Tony Petersen arrived.  He was very professional and knowledgeable about the type of garage door motor I had...since it is very common in homes like mine.  He explained I could fix it (stripped plastic gears) and hope nothing else goes wrong for a while or just replace the entire unit and have a 5 year warranty.  I chose to replace it.  He happened to have the right sized motor in his work truck and immediately began to work.  30 minutes later, I had a new system up and running.  I would definitely turn to Precision Door Service and more specifically to Tony Petersen in the future when my OTHER garage door motor decides to give out.Good work!
<review# 339,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2010,7/2/2010,219,123,1,5,4>the one star review below is way undeserved.i love this place for the stuff I would get at the mall (2 blocks away) at a fraction of the cost.there are a lot of brands I wouldn't buy used, but I'm sure finding "your brand" is always a hit or miss with thrift stores.  I also don't feel at all "dirty" they way I have in a Goodwill or Salvation Army type of store (something about the smell and some mental trigger I have...).I have been on numerous occasions so far and found: Banana Republic, Fox, A&F, BEBE, Guess, etc.  One last accolade, the store has a frequent shopper punch card, if you spend $200 or so I think you get $20 for your next purchase, yayyy!
<review# 340,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2010,7/1/2010,14,40,1,3,1>It is taking all of the strength I can muster to stop myself from running back to Paciugo again today. It's *that* yummy.I have had gelato before and of course, gelato, in general is fab. The flavor choices at Paciugo, however, are as amazing as the creamy and chewy gelato itself. The adorable guys there are super helpful. They asked us if it was our first time (yes) and were extremely patient as my husband, daughter, and I sampled several flavors each. (Mediterranean Sea Salt Caramel and the various coffee flavors were our faves, but there is more to explore!)Another great thing about Paciugo is that they let you mix your flavors (2 in the kids and up to 4 in a medium!!). So, while you are standing there like a kid in a candy shop unable to choose, you can do a happy dance that you don't have to!On second thought, one more visit today couldn't hurt...
<review# 341,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2011,10/27/2011,397,255,2,16,7>I saw the owners of this place on Cupcake Wars, so being the cupcake fan that I am I thought I would give Choco Patisserie a try. My first impression of Choco Patisserie was that the place was not posh or hip. Its not in one of the fanciest shopping centers in San Antonio. But, I don't care about those things anyway. I'm not into fancy store fronts, and glass lighted walls with water in them, and furniture that won't hold a big like me. This place means business, and the kitchen was no joke; professional grade all the way. The cupcakes and cookies in the display case looked very good, but looks are only one part of the judging criteria taste is more important. Lynn Townsend (as seen Cupcake Wars) was behind the counter telling us all about the flavors of the cupcakes and cookies. He gave us a sample of bourbon pecan cookies; which were very good. It was the first time I had ever tasted cookies like that. So, we bought some at $1.25 for three bite size cookies; not too bad. We also pick up some smores and chocolate cupcakes at $2 each. Yes I said $2 each $2 each...$2 each..BTW did I tell I paid $2 each for cupcakes. The chocolate was pretty good the cake was moist, and tasty what you expect from a cupcakery. But, my favorite was the smores cupcake. It had a shot of chocolate in it which was a real surprise for me; being that I'm a big chocolate fan.Overall I thought Choco Patisserie was a good place for a sweet stop. I know I will hit this place often. Its near me, and has a lot to offer. I give Choco Patisserie 4 stars, but I know I will upgrade to 5 after trying other cupcake flavors they have to offer. So, give Choco Patisserie a try Its the best $2 I've have ever spent.
<review# 342,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2010,10/26/2011,117,143,3,4,4>This place was recommended to me by a past colleague and I have to say he knew exactly what he was talking about.Don't come here expecting your "same ol' same ol'," this place boasts 56 (yes, fifty-six) different pizzas on their menu, a few kabobs, and four salads to choose from.Don't be shy, the owner is very personable and happy to help you select your 12-inch handmade pizza. You know what you don't see very often? Someone making a pizza right in front of you. That's what happens at Royal Pizza, and it's awesome.The only thing between you and the fresh ingredients of your pizza is a thin sheet of glass. Well, that and something like 10 minutes of baking time, c'mon you don't want to eat dough and raw vegetables with sauce and unmelted cheese.The owners, Swedish citizens, make each pizza with care, and you can tell. We ordered one pepperoni (a simple, classic indulgence) and one pizza that defied the laws of Algebra. It went a little something like this:2/4 Pepperoni + 1/4 Margherita + 1/4 Spurs + 10 minute bake = PizzaReduce your fractions to their lowest common denominator, combine like terms (there aren't any), and voila! You've failed at Algebra and you're eating a delicious pizza!The margherita portion was light and savory, while the Spurs portion touted hefty chunks of what they called kabob meat but I'll call it gyro meat. The pepperoni is pretty self-explanatory. Except for the spices. Those were great.I'll definitely be back, especially since you can get a 12 inch pizza and a drink here for under $10! That's a heck of a deal, and you won't waste an entire lunch hour waiting for food.
<review# 343,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2011,10/25/2011,42,35,1,4,1>Interesting little place!  Some of the best vegetarian food I've had.  They have plenty of dressings and sauces to cover your meal with.  I've had a few sandwiches and dishes, and all were good.  I can't remember a single bad experience.Definitely check out the baked goods in the freezer by the door.  They have DELICIOUS cupcakes and cookies.  I think they're vegan too... and are actually good, compared to most of the vegan pastries I've had.A need to see place for those both living in San Antonio and visiting.
<review# 344,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2011,10/24/2011,28,69,,9,7>I can't for the life of me remember exactly what it was that I ordered, but this place is a fantastic!  Small and easy to miss, but keep your eyes peeled for it, because it is DEFINITELY worth stopping into.I enjoyed the banter with the Thai woman that served me, and I'll admit...I was skeptical of how authentic the place would be before walking in.  To my delight, she understood my broken Thai language "skills" and we chatted about my latest trip there (I had just gotten back from my latest trip to Thailand 4 days before...obviously already missing it since I was still eating Thai food)   =)Portion was huge...but I'll say up front, don't be bashful about telling them that you want your food spicy, my food was pretty conservative from a spicy standpoint and I ain't scurrrrred of my mouth being on fire.I don't know if they serve Chang beer or not, but even in Thailand I manage to drink Corona or Heineken...go figure.Anyways...GO HERE!
<review# 345,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2011,10/23/2011,270,226,5,6,6>I appear zen, but my head is very much anxiety ridden. Oh I buzz, and so will you. Today, I made the mistake of forgetting to order the decaf. I noticed I didn't recognize the barista tonight, so all I could think of was whether he will he screw up my drink. "Can you make a soy latte," I asked. "Yes," he smiled. I always take sip of the foam and liquid before leaving. Oh, it's good, but for the love of god, I need to remember to order decaf! This was about 3 hours ago, and I am definitely wide awake and awaiting the caffeine low to hit. My husband is shaking his head since tomorrow is another early morning. *tsk tsk*Local Coffee seems to have all their baristas well-trained. None of my lattes resemble the overrated products from the chain, which gets a joyous hallelujah from me. Oh, and if it matters to you, Local Coffee containers are not styrofoam, so you can recycle responsibly. That's what I'm talkin about!
<review# 346,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2011,10/22/2011,69,33,2,11,3>After many fruitless phone calls to downtown-area spas on a Sunday afternoon, I finally found a salon open for some guests at our hotel. I sent the guests to Sky Nails, sight unseen, relying on the good judgement of fellow Yelpers.Well, the guests could not stop raving about Sky Nails. They mentioned the "cute couple" who owns the place, the extremely new and clean equipment ("looked like it was just off the truck") and the great service! They even went so far as to hand deliver some business cards and price guides for future reference. I'm impressed with how Sky Nails impressed our guests, and I can't wait to try out a Tangerine Pedi for myself.
<review# 347,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2011,10/21/2011,89,112,,4,2>I decided to check this place out after reading all the reviews here and am so glad that I did! I love Starbucks and hang out there for a few hours a few times per week and I think I've found an equivalent (if not better) hangout spot. There are plenty of couches & arm chairs and the seating area is very large including quite a few tables, tall ones, long ones for larger groups and even bar seating. (Wine is served, too) There's a patio outside that's pet-friendly, free wi-fi, open mic night taking place on Fridays, and three TVs (you can even change the channels!)I signed up for their texting program and if you text the company once a day, you get a coupon to use for that day. You just need to show your text to the people ringing you up. Yesterday I used a special for buy any drink and get the same one free. I previously also received one for Buy one bubble tea and get one free.Oh, and check in on Yelp on your phone and receive 20% off your purchase. The Beverage Bar also serves food. I have yet to try any besides pastries, (their fudge is so good, by the way) but their hamburgers, pizza and tilapia meal prices are more than reasonable.I'm definitely going to keep frequenting this coffee shop from now on. I'd never even been to the Thousand Oaks/Jones Maltsberger intersecting area, and I can say I'm impressed. It's always exciting when discovering a new part of town after being in Texas a few years.
<review# 348,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2011,10/20/2011,118,76,3,5,2>Unique, sexy, elegant.  Texas de Brazil is a Brazilian BBQ serving up a delicious selection of meats with a splash of sex appeal.  This is absolutely a top restaurant for a first date in Downtown San Antonio. We ordered a bottle of wine with our meal and were pleasantly surprised to watch the acrobatics that followed.  The servers were great at explaining the concept of Brazilian BBQ although this wasn't my first time to the unending meat rodeo.  The salad bar (for me) was good but a bit overrated, as I have had much better.  However, the selection of perfectly cooked steak, lamb, chicken and pork were something to drool over!The decor was very modern and the service (pull out your chair and place your napkin type) set the right tone for the evening.  I didn't care for the tables and would have preferred a private booth for privacy but the feel of the restaurant is very classy and is as upscale as San Antonio gets.  Acoustically the restaurant is a bit loud since plates are clanking from the salad bar in the middle of the room but the overall feel is great.Again, an upscale experience that one should definitely try, especially if you're a carnivore! ;)
<review# 349,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2011,10/19/2011,28,83,,5,2>After making arrangements to catch a production of "the Decorator" this weekend, it occurred to me that I haven't looked up local theater's in town to see what other Yelper's have posted.Much to my surprise, the highly praised Overtime Theater wasn't listed on Yelp so I'm penning this review quickly for others to pen their thoughts on the performance space.I've been attending Overtime Theater performances (improve nights/original theater productions) since I moved to town and when they were located over on West Ave.They're now tucked away into the Blue Star Complex and I can say that it's a lot easier to visit, park your car and attend a performance.The space is very cozy... with about 35 or 40 seats.  They put on incredible little productions for an incredible price.  Make it a point to support them if you get a chance.
<review# 350,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2011,10/18/2011,232,93,5,5,5>There is always a time and a place for everything. - The Friendly Spot provides the time to look super cute showing up on your '79 cruiser bike wearing jorts and toms with your hair slightly tussled. Then you can sit down, enjoy some nachos, a tall boy of lone star as you enjoy some shade and listen to  some youngsters named wingsun and banjo play on the swing set. Stop in for the movies they play during the summer a la drive in movie theater style or come for a live band. A pretty damn impressive selection of beers from local faves, to IPA, twisted tea to home made sangria! The Staff lives up to the name of the establishment and are all Friendly. April the Bartender who works in the back always has a smile on her face and if she is there I always go to her.
<review# 351,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2011,9/6/2011,46,93,3,3,1>This is a very, very interesting place... but for all the right reasons.There's this nearly 50-50 clientele split of bikers and hipsters.  One person in line has tats and a leather vest, the other - a fedora hat and flip-flops.  Even more interesting is the fact that most of the bikers bring their wives and children!But you ain't comin' here to look at the people... you're here to eat burgers, right?  Put simply, they're good and they're messy.I most recently had the guac and jack burger topped w/a green chile.  It was delicious and I had to use a napkin for every bite I took.Some people on here have complained about the patty size, and while the meat isn't massive (that's what she said), it's not small either.I highly recommend the onion rings - they're so crispy, savory and just damn delicious.Sam's has an indoor and outdoor bar area, that is served by one tender and separated by a large opening window.  There's also an outdoor seating area, under umbrellas.  Right next to Sam's is the Music Hall.  Haven't been in there yet, but hope to one of these days.Street parking on E. Grayson.  I was told there's more parking *behind* the facility.. but I didn't check it out myself, so I couldn't tell you where exactly.  I'm unsure about parking in the lot in front of Sam's.  Don't know if the owners are tow-happy, or if there's a deal to let Sam's customers park there.  Check it out for yourselves.
<review# 352,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2011,9/5/2011,15,32,1,3,4>Eating food plates out of food trucks have always felt different to me but in a good way. I always feel that the food dishes coming from these traveling restaurants are made with a little more love and care than what the average food chain restaurant can offer. With that being said I must comment on what I ate at Rickshaw's Stop food truck."You must eat this baklava" were the last words I heard before a small albeit heavenly Pakistani treat was placed in front of me. I have had a mere handful of baklava eating experiences but truly ranks among the top, if not the best, baklava I have ever had! Flaky, slightly chewy, and insanely delicious! I later found out it was a secret family recipe which made the treat that much more amazing to consume. Mmm I'm gonna be having dreams of that baklava for many nights to come.
<review# 353,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2011,9/4/2011,157,156,,14,7>I came here two days in a row for lunch. I love it! I'm so glad there is finally a Mediterranean restaurant on the Southside. I work about two blocks away from this place so I'll be frequently visiting.The owner greeted me as soon as I walked it. He gives you a free potato wedge when you're at the counter picking out your meal. I had the gyro wrap plate. The gyro had a hearty helping of meat! The naan was perfect. It came with potato wedges. My coworker had the grilled chicken plate. Her food looked delicious as well. She got rice with her plate.I think the best thing this restaurant offers is the yogurt sauce. I don't care for tzatziki sauce so I was pleasantly surprised to discover that I liked this sauce. The owner says that he makes it himself every morning to ensure that its always fresh.They have dessert (baklava) and margaritas! They also sell hummus. The outdoor patio is cute and clean. I can't believe this place used to be an Arby's. It looks completely different now. There is a drive thru. I've never used it though so I can't vouch for how speedy the service is.If you work nearby or you live in the neighborhood or downtown, do yourself a favor and stop by! Reasonable prices for delicious food. How could it get any better than this?
<review# 354,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2010,9/3/2011,181,124,5,4,3>Take it from a genuine Indian person living in this city, Mela is the best when it comes to Indian cuisine. No other place in this city comes close. They get the flavors right and if you order off the menu you can ensure they spice it correctly.The buffet is great and I always leave satisfied and in need of a gastric lavage. They always have a large variety of vegetarian and non-vegetarian options and despite being a huge meat foodie, I love the veggie dishes just as much! If you order off the menu, I highly recommend the lamb chops. History my people arn't known for lamb chops but HOLY HELL this place makes lamb chops that rival (lest I say tops!) Chama Gaucha or Fogo De Chao's lamb!The ambience is great and makes for a great date place. Wine her, stuff her with indian food, sweeten the deal with some rasmalai and this chick will fall in love with you. Guaranteed!Troon out.
<review# 355,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2010,9/2/2011,17,56,5,9,1>How can a place that brings ANGELAH JOHNSON to town get any rating other than 4 stars?!  Super fun place, drinks aren't outrageously overpriced and each one I had packed a nice little punch! Definitely get what you pay for!  The way the place is set up, I don't think there's a bad seat in the house. I did notice that there was one lady that got there early and saved two tables of 12 and no one from management said anything, but I didn't care since I was watching this go on from my front row table. The only reason the joint gets 4 instead of the ever-coveted 5 stars is because they add gratuity, yet it doesn't appear anywhere on your credit card receipt and they don't give itemized receipts unless you request them (which we did and waited, and waited and...wait...I'm STILL waiting for it!) The only way to know there is gratuity added is to pay attention to the teeny tiny print on the table tent.  Now don't get me wrong,  I was a server for years so I totally have NOTHING against gratuity (ya gotta cover your booty, right?) and usually add on a few bucks since grats tend to be between 15-18%. The only thing I DO have a problem with is feeling like I'm kinda being conned into double tipping.  By not getting the itemized receipt when we asked for it and the gratuity not being listed on the credit card receipt like it is at many other establishments, I kinda felt that's what was happening.  I'm not cheap by any means but I work hard for my money and feel like I have a right to know where it's going.  Am I turning into my mother now?
<review# 356,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2010,9/1/2011,42,75,1,2,4>What a find!!! If you're looking for some cheap, authentic Mexican food this is your place. I had carne asada tacos and chicken tacos both served on two corn tortillas garnished with onions and cilantro. They were not greasy at all, but were moist and flavorful. These really reminded me of Mexican street style tacos, not TexMex. My husband ordered a Torta and really liked it. Another plus- they take credit cards. The seating is all outdoors, so I'm wondering how often they close for bad weather. It sure was nice to sit outside and take in the sights and sounds of Southtown. I'll definitely be back!
<review# 357,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2011,8/31/2011,92,78,3,2,2>I'm taking summer classes at UTSA, and asked a fellow student where to buy books; she recommended this place as having decent prices and a great selection.Pretty standard. I got lab manual for $12, which was a few dollars cheaper than the school's price: awesome. The store was clean, well-organized, and someone popped out of the woodworks almost immediately to get me what I needed. In and out in 5 minutes, tops.They also have a pretty intense book buyback shindig, and a place to recycle/donate old books.By the Church's Chicken (which smelled amazing, don't get pulled in!).
<review# 358,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2011,8/30/2011,11,136,2,4,2>I have been bringing my dog here for 2 years to get groomed. It is definitely NOT close to where I live, but it is worth the drive. They take such good care of Paxton.A complete groom is $26 and there cuts are top notch. The only complaint I can think of is that they used to cut his nails and leave the end jagged. However, I just had to ask them to start filing them and that solved the problem.They are adamant about making sure that all dogs are up to date on their vaccinations, which is reassuring. I usually drop my dog off around 9am and he is done by 12pm or 1pm.I have never boarded with them, but they will be my first choice if I ever have to do so. I also can not speak to their obedience classes as we have never had to participate in those either. They have quite a few types of food and treats and super cute pet outfits as well.It is definitely a great place to get your pet groomed at  a very reasonable price.
<review# 359,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2010,8/29/2011,32,32,3,4,3>Dr. Alvarez is hands down the best internist/PCP (primary care physician) I have ever had.  He is extremely attentive as he spent almost 1.5 hours with me on my first appointment. He is thorough with even the most basic of exams (orders an in office ECG) and takes that extra time to order an extra lab or two that will allow him to rule out a diagnosis or two.  Most PCP's I have had usually just go with the standard response and don't investigate, while they may be right most of the time, I like to know that my doctor can see or at least try to discern the common from the uncommon, because that one time it shows could mean a great deal for my health or the health of my family.  In addition Dr. Alvarez's staff is uber friendly.  They are great on the phone and very patient with me when trying to figure out a time when I can come in for an appointment.  He sometimes does run behind, and the one time he was running very late due to another emergency he made an exception and rescheduled me the next day for a later that typical appointment.  The only other provider I have seen in his office besides him is his Nurse Practitioner (I have totally blanked on her name, but she is great as well and just as attentive and thorough).If anyone is in need of an internist or a primary care doctor Dr. Alvarez is one of the best!
<review# 360,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2010,8/28/2011,305,113,,9,1>Some of THE best crab rangoon in the city, and trust me I've tried them all. The filling is more than just cheese and they stuff them to the brim. I've ordered everything from pho - a personal favorite here - to the vermicelli bowls. The fried spring rolls are great and their fish oil compliments them perfectly.The staff is super friendly and the place is clean and welcoming. There is so much to choose from you might have a hard time deciding but rest assured anything you pick will be cooked to order with fresh delicious ingredients.This is a place I frequent for lunch or dinner, alone or with friends.
<review# 361,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2013,11/7/2013,10,51,4,6,4>This is GREAT for groups. Don't expect to really learn how to paint, that's not really what it's about. This is a place where you can do something fun and creative with friends. Don't forget to bring the essentials - wine, cheese and chocolate. They set up tables for you to put your food out. I usually bring my own wine glasses, but they do have cups there. It's always fun to see how differently everyone's paintings turn out and you get to go home with something to hang on your wall (or hide in your closet).
<review# 362,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2013,11/6/2013,64,132,2,8,5>There are SO many reasons to love The Cove.The food is amazing. It is all sustainable, organic, and local. They are known for their fish tacos, and hell, they should be. Those tacos are so damn good. But give the burgers a try too. Don't forget, it's all grass-fed beef :) Are you paleo or primal like me? Don't hesitate to order your burger on a bed of greens. They will not bat an eye. Yay. Take your food outside to get some fresh air,  and to take a look at the Cove's on-site, organic garden. Holy crap, they're taking 'locally sourced' very seriously :) Not to mention, the exhaustive selection of Texas beers on tap at the outside bar. Or cozy up inside and listen to some great live music on Wednesdays. The cove puts on some awesome events too. Every 4th Thursday they have a beer tasting night - 5 beers with chips and salsa for 5$. Every 4th Wednesday they have wine tasting night - 5 wines and a food pairing plate for 10$. Plus, every Wednesday is Jazz night. Serious date night potential, people. ;)
<review# 363,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2013,11/5/2013,94,341,5,4,6>It's a diner and a bar! Fist pump! Olmos Bharmacy is best experienced rather than described but I will make an attempt. It is an vintage diner with wobbly chairs and cracked paint. The food isn't fancy-cheese enchiladas covered with chili, fried mushrooms, burgers, pancakes, etc. The wine list consists of red and white. From what I hear, the milkshakes are amazing. On the night I visited, a blues band played. A few couples danced and a group of what I assume were regulars shook hands and laughed. I felt welcome and included in the fun.
<review# 364,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2013,11/4/2013,41,34,5,10,8>This is probably the best Chinese food restaurant I have visited in San Antonio. We ordered the steamed dumplings, which were delicious and also the beef and needle mushroom hot pot and green beans. Everything was quite delectable. The staff is very courteous and are happy to recommend their many specialties. I am going to try the Hunan style lamb dish next time!
<review# 365,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2013,11/3/2013,50,73,4,15,9>I lived in Spain for 7 years & always missed the food. This may not have been exactly as I remember it, but it was damn good!!! I didn't even know this place was opening until I saw a friend comment on it on FB, so I figured I'd check it out. It is located in the Blue Star Complex & I have to say, I think it fits right in. It has a nice vibe, a nice ambiance. It's kind of dark & very well decorated. The room did get kind of loud for a bit when it filled up, but everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves, despite having to speak up a bit. The service was great! Being the second night, there were still a few kinks to work out, but the bartender & staff were friendly & attentive. The food! Yummy!!! We had the Croquetas (absolutely delicious!! crispy & light on the outside, filled with pure savory decadence on the inside...must try!), Mejillones (surprise! there were clams in there too! what a treat! trick is to let the toast absorb that delicious broth & then scoop up a mussel or clam with some onions, melt in your mouth goodness), Tortilla de Espanol (not like the one I make! this was definitely a modern twist on the most traditional Spanish tapa, but one well executed. It was much lighter, almost souffle-ish, but very tasty! the Manchego they added was just enough to add a bit of salty, nutty deliciousness!), & the Piquillos Rellenos (these sweet little peppers are stuffed with delicious, smoky duck & the balsamic reduction adds an extra little punch of sweetness). Lastly, we had the Crema Catalan for desert (sweet, creamy custard with a light, crunchy top layer, only negative was the lavender cream...the homemade whipped cream was actually very tasty, it had a light lavender flavor, however, the lavender flowers that were left in the cream had to be removed...it was just a bit much).I am looking forward to seeing what wines they will be bringing in & how they will switch up the menu! Super excited to see how they change the menu up over time & can't wait to try the Lamb Paella & the Fideu Paella :) This is must go, in my humble opinion!!
<review# 366,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2013,11/2/2013,91,97,5,6,5>So idk who to be upset with for not telling me about this place before. Yall on yelp? The people I met when I moved down here? Me and my friend drove all the way from the UTSA area to try it out and I'm glad we did. I got one cheese burger and a chocolate milk shake. When I saw the five burger deal I was like no that's too many burgers to try to eat. I finished the burger in like 6 minutes and was like "I should have gotten more!!" lol it's sooo good! It reminds me of a whataburger just not as heavy. Why are they able to sell the burgers so cheap? That's my only question. The shake was good too and very well priced. I have to gas up my car because I'll be here a lot.
<review# 367,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2013,11/1/2013,245,102,9,12,11>Who knew I needed brisket and pork on grilled cheese to make my life complete?  Sean with Slider Provider sure did!  I happened upon this truck one night at where else, but StrEAT Food at Revolution room and I was sold.  Usually sliders are a meh food for me.  They're so often over cooked (grey beef is a SAD thing, San Antonio!) bland, or just so boring that I typically don't gravitate towards them.  These, however, are NOT grey and are absolutely packed with flavor.  Crushed Doritos?  Sriracha ketchup?  Jalapeno pineapple mayo?  Bleu cheese?  They've got it ALL!  They even have flamin hot Cheetos as a side, which is pretty much the best way to get me on your side forever!Sean is also very receptive to customer's suggestions.  When he rolled out his Goober Burger it originally was peanut butter (and I think cheddar and bacon.)  While delicious, if you say "Goober," I expect peanut butter and Concord grape jelly.  Shawn G. and I suggested this and what do ya know?  The very next week there was a DELICIOUS Goober burger with grape jelly.  It was amazingly delicious.  Check them out on Twitter and stalk the truck down.  So worth it.
<review# 368,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2013,10/31/2013,397,255,4,9,6>Now that I graduated this past summer I decided write this review. UTSA Downtown Campus is a Awesome. I was able to complete all of my classes here. The campus is broken down to 3 main buildings which each serve a purpose. Just about all the services that UTSA offers are available at the downtown campus. I love how the classrooms are modern, and have up to date technology. Telecourses were helpful to me, because I didn't have ever leave the campus to make class. You just go to your classroom in the downtown campus, and watch your instructor teach from the Main Campus or vice versa. The Criminal Justice department office is here, so all classes meet here. I really liked the quality of education I was given from UTSA. I think it is a great school, and it's getting bigger and better. I give UTSA Downtown Campus 5 Stars!! Go Runners U--T--S--A Gooooooooooo Runners!!
<review# 369,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2013,10/30/2013,107,89,2,2,4>I am probably not cool enough to drink coffee here, but I do it anyways! Local Coffee is for serious coffee drinkers. I am more in the chai latte category myself, but I do enjoy a good cup of joe and I had to see what all the hipster fuss was about. I must say, I do appreciate the growing contingency of San Antonio hipsters- they have the tastes of Austin hipsters but aren't nearly as snotty or serious about it. Because let's be honest...I'm not very serious about anything other than my job. I added a little Mexican vanilla to the house brew and enjoyed the industrial mid century modern design of the place. The guy behind the counter had a handle bar mustache- this seems to be a growing trend in the 09 given that the guy at WD Deli had almost an identical one. I'm still working on growing mine!I haven't tried the baked goods yet, but I hear they're awesome. What prevents the fifth star for me is that it's usually INCREDIBLY packed- it's really hard to get a seat. I also think they could benefit from a couple of different drink options (I know, I know- they don't want to, but it might be nice). I also would like to see how they give back to the community- Starbucks is lame but they tend to do philanthropic stuff for the communities they're in. I hope Local does the same.
<review# 370,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2013,10/29/2013,130,134,4,7,6>I went here at lunch with coworkers. Our customer, who is being transferred to Houston, recommended this place.  As he is leaving soon, we thought it would be great to try this place & take him with us.This visit created a dilemma as my favorite burger places was ranked without me ever eating at this place.  Let me just say that I am re-ranking my favorite places.As I had never been here, the help was instrumental in helping me choose what to order.  A bacon cheddar cheese burger with onion rings hit the spot.The food was served quickly, and it was awesome.  I don't know if this was typical, but the patty was thicker than most all of my favorite places.  The onion rings were good enough to rank with Mama's and Tip Top in my opinion.When I got home, I told my wife about this place.  I talked so much about it that she wants to go back this week.  Idon't know if I can do that, but I will definitely be taking her soon.
<review# 371,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2010,5/14/2011,6,47,3,1,1>Holy cats, this place is off the chain.  The service is strictly so-so, and the portly gay waiter is a trip to watch as he traipses around the restaurant.  The fresh squeezed lemonade is wonderful, but no refills.  Boo.  The fried spring rolls are, quite simply, the best I have ever eaten.  They blow away Pho Cong Ly.  Although I have not tried the pho yet, I just can not go there without ordering the braised pork ribs in a clay pot.  Unbelievable.  They are marinated to perfection and are sprinkled with large pieces of ground peppercorn.  I mean, YUM.
<review# 372,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2011,5/13/2011,838,696,4,4,5>How can you give the Shrine to Texas Independence anything less than five stars? Anything less is treason! Did Bowie, Travis, Crockett and the rest die for four stars?! The grounds are impeccably maintained. The staff is friendly, and happy to answer any questions. If you're a student of history, they gladly open their library up to you with all kinds of rare, old books. The basement is really awesome ;)
<review# 373,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2010,5/12/2011,117,187,2,2,2>Very tasty homemade food.  The fried chicken was remarkable and the sides were fantastic (as was the koolaid!).While this place serves predominantly serves African American customers, I did not feel like I was out of place or being treated differently or being stared at (I'm not much to look at anyway). I think people come here and understand it's all about the food (as it should be).  I wasn't concerned about it, but I know some people tend to judge a book by it's cover or have preconceived notions and, if this was the case here, it'd be a damn shame b/c you'd miss out on some fantastic & unique food.Good :+ very authentic, homemade soul food at very good prices (delicious!), literally EVERYTHING I tried was good+ Tropical Punch kool-aid!+ friendly service (as long as you reciprocate)Bad :- not the healthiest food for you, but it's not really supposed to be- some dishes could be too salty for some- service, while friendly, can be slow during peak hours- short hours on Sunday (12-4)
<review# 374,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2010,5/11/2011,397,255,5,9,9>I used to hit this place when worked on the South-Side. I remembered it while cruising San Antonio on Memorial Day. Snow Wizard has all your favorite old school snacks: Shaved Ice snow cones, Mexican corn with all the trimmings, nachos, Frito pies, and hot Cheetos with cheese. Snow Wizard is real hot spot on the South side; expect to wait at least 20mins during peak times. But the taste is so worth it. They put a lot of syrup on their snow cones, and have many flavors margarita is my favorite. They also offer flavors with leche which is are my wife's favorites. The Frito Pies with cheese are awesome at Snow Wizard. Snow Wizard's prices are perfect for repeat visits all week long. The parking is not the best, but its a snack stand not a restaurant. I give Snow Wizard 5 stars for having great snow cones and snacks.
<review# 375,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2010,5/10/2011,21,43,3,6,4>Years ago, before I had kids, this was my place for peace. I would walk the trails for hours, getting lost in my thoughts and the beauty of nature.Cue several years, two kids and moving to the other side of town.  I need to re-find that peace.I want to write that McAllister is as good as I remember it, but I can't.  It's improved. It's as if they grew and added things specifically for the changes in my life. Two kids? No problem - BAM! Have a couple of awesome playgrounds. Oh, and one of them plays soccer? Well, we've TRIPLED our soccer fields since you were last here.  You've got dogs now? Well, let me install a dog park for you. Oh yeah, and that "hidden" lake you loved so much? It's still there waiting for you.McAllister Park is now a good half-hour drive from where we live now, but it is worth the drive. The trails and playing even wears out the kiddos for a quiet drive home.  Love it.
<review# 376,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2011,5/9/2011,37,164,3,6,4>Is there still room on the "I LOVE RANGER CREEK" bandwagon?  Good. Then move on over, please, 'cause I'm climbing aboard!For those who don't already know, Ranger Creek Brewing & Distilling is San Antonio's newest brewery - and ONLY bourbon distillery! Their beers are already available in *some* places around town; the bourbon, which is still aging, will be available this autumn.I was fortunate enough to land a spot in today's tour - conducted by the incredibly personable and  knowledgeable Mark McDavid (aided and abetted by his equally personable and knowledgeable colleagues).  The tour included a thorough discussion of grains, fermentation, distillation, aging, smoking....etc.....and, of course, samples of their mahhhvelous brews.  The experience was terrific - so informative and so much fun that I'm ALREADY looking forward to bringing friends, neighbors and family on the next tour!Just one caution, though. Ranger Creek is located in an industrial park, just off of I-35 and Thousand Oaks. I checked Google maps, beforehand, to pinpoint my objective, and had no problems finding my way there.  Among the tour group, however, several complained that their GPS's had led them astray.  So - foolproof instructions to Ranger Creek for the geographically-, directionally-, and Garmin-challenged: 1) Coming from San Antonio, on I-35 north: take the Starlight/Thousand Oaks exit, get in the far left hand lane and make the turnaround (so you are now on the southbound feeder road).  Watch carefully - Whirlwind comes up pretty quickly. After you make the turn onto Whirlwind, Ranger Creek will be about 1/2 to 2/3 of the way down the street, on your left.2) Coming from Austin, take the Thousand Oaks exit.  After crossing Thousand Oaks, on the southbound feeder, look closely for Whirlwind (and once on Whirlwind, note the last sentence of #1, above)3) From Thousand Oaks, heading south (approaching I-35), turn onto the southbound feeder, just before I-35, and follow the instructions in #'s 1 & 2, above, to get from the feeder road to Ranger Creek!
<review# 377,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2010,5/8/2011,25,319,1,2,2>We go to the zoo a lot. The new Africa exhibit is fantastic, although it seems like something is always going on in that area: walkway issues, etc. The birds are neat, but there are just so many of them - I think there are at least three areas with flamingos. The aquarium area needs, IMO, to be updated and air conditioned. Trying to go through in the summer is horrible. All in all, a fun time with a few issues.
<review# 378,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2010,5/7/2011,43,53,1,1,1>Been coming to Luther's for a year now.  Today, for the first time, I tried the frozen jack & coke and the sliders.  The burgers were cooked perfectly and were very tasty.  We sat at the bar & the bartender, Casey, was efficient & friendly.  The frozen jack & coke was really great!  I mean, a cola icee with jack daniels, what's not to like!  Just the right amount of jack so that you could still taste the icee.  Now, it wasn't busy at all at 4:30 pm but when I moved to a table to work on my laptop, the waitress was attentive even though I only had a glass of water (had to wait out the effects of the frozen jack & coke so that I could drive home). Not sure why there are those that have bad experiences, but everyone has a bad day once in a while.
<review# 379,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2011,5/6/2011,1439,1280,10,10,8>One fine 11-ish o'clock morning, a co-worker text me and said they were on this side of town and were willing to grab us both some lunch on their way back.  I asked if they were willing to stop here to which he thankfully said 'of course!'.  I browsed through their online menu and they seemed to have a decent variety of goodies available.  I text my friend back and requested an egg, bacon, and cheese kolache and a cinnamon twist.  No, I had no idea what the difference was between their cinnamon twists, cinnamon rolls, or their cinnamon loaf... I just had a craving for something cinnamon and the 'twist' jumped out at me.  I figured wth and go in blind.  :) My buddy text me back and said they were all out of the egg, bacon, and cheese.. and no cinnamon twists but if I wanted something 'cinnamony' I could get a sticky pecan roll.  I took another look at the menu and made another selection."K then. Pls get me an egg, HAM, n cheez n a blueberry cream cheez. Ty!"A few minutes passed and then I got my response back on my text:"No go on the ham.""Wt abt the blueberry?""Alrite.""Alrite wt?  Alrite that u'll order it or alrite that they hav it or both??" (God, I love throwing confusion into something so simple)"Alrite I'll order it.""K""So no ham. Wt do u want nstead?""Uh...""Hello??? I'm n line. Ppl r waiting.""OH! Sorry! R they serving lunch alrdy?""Yes""K-let's go w/the smoked sausage link.""No""Wha?""No-go on the link.""Wth? Wt DO they hav then??"Finally I get a ring at my desk phone.  I hear my friend say, "THIS is what they have:..." It only ended up being about 4 different kinds of kolaches available and several of the cream cheese kolaches.  I responded, "Well yeesh... why didja' give me choices, then??"  To which he replied, "You HAD choices but you took so long to answer that other customers bought 'em up!"  "OOOOHHHHHH...!  That 'splains it!"  LOLSo I ended up ordering 1 strawberry and 1 blueberry cream cheese kolache and an egg, sausage, and cheese.  I ended up with 2 strawberry cream cheese kolaches when the food got dropped off.  When I asked my friend what happened to the order, he said, "The guy who worked there was SO confused, the customers were confused and I was confused.  PLEASE don't make me go there again!"  LMBOThe food was good though so I can't complain.  The prices were also decent in comparison to some other places in town that sell kolaches.  The bread was sweet and the filling wasn't too much or too little.  Just don't ask someone to stop on your behalf!  :)
<review# 380,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2010,5/5/2011,202,256,10,6,4>Swathed in a wash of scarlet, mahogany and gold, it's walls adorned with sparkling glitter, red velvety velour, polka dotted magnums, feather boas and more dangling chandeliers than Margaret Mitchell's beloved Tara, lies the COCO Chocolate lounge and bistro. Never having seen one episode of Sex and The City, Desperate Housewives, Ugly Betty nor Glee, I was ill prepared for the setting at hand which appears to have been decorated by Nathan Lane and the Ghost of Freddy Mercury. Our evening of dinner and dancing was to begin here as we took advantage of our Groupon certificate by emailing our 8 o'clock reservations which, though confirmed, were nowhere to be found in the host's quickly filling ledger. How frightfully French! No matter. We moseyed up to the bar and took our places in the amusingly uncomfortable retro half back bar stools and had a drink while we waited for the whole thing to be sorted out. My wife's cocktail was something referred to her as a "macaroon" and began and ended with things such as chocolate syrup, freshly shaved coconut, and a delicate rimming of cocoa powder. "Tres Magnifique". A suitable combination of two things women truly enjoy; Chocolate and Vodka! Add a dash of infallibility and you have the perfect drink. The service was also undeniably French; attentive yet somehow aloof. As a matter of fact, to this very moment I still believe our server's name was "can I get you something to drink?' as those were his introductory words and none else served to convince us otherwise. His impersonal approach notwithstanding, our server did manage to present our plates with diligent aplomb and fulfilled his duties which were to bring out the kitchen's wonderful creations. Our simple meal of antipasto for two and seared scallop entree were superb. The antipasto platter came with salty Speck, tangy Brie, zesty tapenade, lemony artichokes, spicy Spanish chorizo and nutty Parmagiano slices as the stars. Perfect with their warm homemade sun dried tomato bread and garlic aioli. The scallops could have used more of a crusty sear but their delicate, buttery texture atop some peppery jasmine black rice was a solid hit. I saw many more wonderful creations emerging from the kitchen like crispy calamari, chocolate bombs and French press coffee services that all reeked of class and know how. Overall COCO may resemble the horrid aftermath of Lady Gaga swallowing two sticks of dynamite and the servers may be doing their concerted best attempts to suppress their Southern hospitable tendencies but the kitchen and the bar can serve up some mean grub and after all that is what restaurants should be in business for. I just hope that if I ever get the chance to return the Maitre d' does not greet me with a glove slap to the face and demand satisfaction for my disparaging words. I must brush up on my swordplay.
<review# 381,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2013,10/28/2013,88,178,4,5,4>I am addicted to this place. Like I have craving for their snow cones at this very moment. I have been a handful of times, and each time the flavors change. The owner is adorable, and she has her Airstream stationed right outside a Harley Davidson shop. you can't miss it. All of the syrups are homemade and natural. No dyes or preservatives here, and she uses all the seasons finest pickings to inspire her new flavor creations. As per the Yelp app, I was able to get a flight of FOUR 4oz cups for $4 (usually a flight of 3 for $4). Awesome! The stand out BY FAR was the grapefruit and rosemary. OMG. Sooooo good. We also tried the mango habanero, lime, and hibiscus mint. All were good, especially when you get down to the bottom where all the juices are concentrating and the ice softens up. Yummy. A lot of people rave about the green tea vanilla, and I agree that it's good, but there are so many other interesting flavors that it makes it tough to choose.
<review# 382,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2013,10/27/2013,114,280,4,10,8>Big bob's deserves a five star for their onion rings alone!!!I came here for their burger month celebration and I am so glad I discovered this place. First of all, I must admit I am not a burger girl at all. I probably only eat five burgers a year in average b/c they aren't very healthy. So for someone who doesn't like burgers much, it means something when a burger joint gets a five star. I wanted to try the 50/50 but heard it was half a pound so I ordered the bacon burger instead. The burger gets a four star from me. But after i put their new green chili sauce on my burger? It is a five star! Oh, the sauce is so tasty I had to ask for two of those. Now let me comment on their onion rings. They are nothing like what I've tasted before. All the onion rings I had in the past have no comparison to these big fat juicy babes! That really IS the real deal! Oh, so fresh and crispy! I'd eat them all day if I could. Overall, my experience at big bob's was great. The restaurant is very cozy and laid back. Someone who appeared to be the owner stopped by each table to ask customers how their food was. Maybe that was big bob himself? Regardless, his stuff rocks! Next time I am in the neighborhood, I am so ordering these onion rings!!
<review# 383,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2013,10/26/2013,23,17,4,5,4>I'm not going to waste your time. There are enough reviews here to substantiate that you should head over to Bakery Lorraine and enjoy yourself.  I think every Yelper in town has been there and raved about it. We tried the strawberry eclair - excellent. Light bottom, topped with a layer of strawberry and a layer of whip cream. The peach and raspberry crumble - excellent. Good taste, texture and the right proportion of fruit to crumble. The macaroons - which are French (meringue-like cookies) not the coconut macaroons - were not my personal preference so I don't think I can really comment on those fairly.By the way, prices aren't cheap, but reasonable. I believe the crumble was $4. The eclair maybe $3-4. You need to make money in order to stay in business. If paying $1.00 more than you might pay somewhere else for an inferior product concerns you, I have good news. Twinkies will be returning to store shelves very soon.We finished what we ordered and then bought more to take home. That says it all.
<review# 384,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2013,10/25/2013,35,49,3,12,6>The river walk spans 13 miles of the San Antonio river, twisting and turning through commercial, residential, and uninhabited parts of the greater downtown area. The part of the river walk with all of the restaurants and hotels was constructed as part of the works projects after the Great Depression. It was built as part of a flood plan that has kept downtown safe from damage and is one of the most visited places in the state. The most interesting areas of the river are north and south of this "restaurant row" horseshoe bend of the river. The museum reach portion runs north to the San Antonio Museum of Art, the lock and dam, the Pearl Brewery, and a string of amazing art installations. The river taxis run along this portion of the river and there are bike rental stations along the way as well.The southern stretch of the river walk runs into King William, past the Blue Star arts complex, brewpub, and bike shop, and snakes south to the Missions along the Eagle Land portion of the river walk. This portion is newly constructed and visits Roosevelt Park, Espada Park, and connects with the Mission Trail for cyclists who would like to visit the southernmost portion of the trail. All in all, the river walk is a treasure and was designed to be used for fitness and recreation. The full length is 13 miles, perfect for marathon training. There are maps and historical markers detailing the history of the river along the whole way. If you're going to be in San Antonio, don't just stick to that tourist trap part of the river walk. Enjoy all of the beauty and history that the river has to offer.
<review# 385,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2013,10/24/2013,224,205,8,15,11>My husband & I been eating here once a week for the past four months of living in San Antonio.  Of course there are so many other places we would like to explore, but we CRAVE Kohinoor!  So we keep coming back for our weekly fix.I've posted many pictures of our meals here...Tawa fish/kabob/chicken, karahi beef, bahari chicken, naan, hummus, briyani...MANGO LASSI...& everything else on the menu!!  Everything we've tried has been a flavor explosion in our mouths.  LOVE LOVE LOVE this place!
<review# 386,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2013,10/23/2013,22,63,2,5,7>It doesn't get any more Texas than Gruene Hall.  This is where Americana music lives.  Get a Lone Star beer and go pitch some horse shoes.  The beer garden is just the right balance if the music is too loud or it's too crowded inside. In the winter-time, they have the old pot-bellied stove warmed up and you can sit near it on a cool afternoon listening to some great music.
<review# 387,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2013,10/22/2013,10,171,2,8,3>I had heard about the Monterey for years but until tonight had never been. I must say, I've been missing out. This place is awesome! The ambiance is great with it's indoor and outdoor seating options. They have a large and varied beer and wine selection.While the menu is limited, it is very good. I had the Smoked Lamb Cro-Sandwich with a side of pickled vegetables. It was all very good. Others in my party had the brisket burger and grilled chicken. Both said it was very good. The staff was accommodating and friendly. I sat at the bar while waiting for an outside table and the bartender was friendly and knowledgeable. Our waitress, Taylor, was nice and attentive. I will definitely make it a point to visit this place more often and tell others. I highly suggest you check this place out; it's now one of my new favorites.
<review# 388,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2013,10/21/2013,139,107,3,12,6>This is a wonderful little farmers market that is easily acceesed.  I usually go in the morning before all of the other Quarry shops are open (and before the deadly heat encroaches) so parking and navigation is easy as pie. The vendors are always friendly and oh so willing to give advice information and recipes so don't be afraid of a fruit or veggie that you haven't seen before.It is nice to know where your meats and produce come from, it is even better to know that what you are buying is fresh and in season.  There is usually a musician there providing nice entertainment and dogs are very welcome.  Even though the Pearl market is bigger, the Quarry Farmers Market is still my favorite, as it just feels so much more personal.
<review# 389,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2013,10/20/2013,114,70,9,12,11>This place is great . As my fellow Yelpers mentioned - Wax Bar is exceptionally clean and professional, with a fun and friendly staff. Neely (the "wax slinger" who took care of me) was super. She was very nice and easy to talk to, and made me feel comfortable (as comfortable as possible, haha). TIPS: Pick up a frequent waxer card: half off waxing on your fifth visit. You can also go during "Happy Hour" (check the website) for a discount. And you can book your appointments online!
<review# 390,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2013,10/19/2013,277,210,4,7,5>One of the most interesting meals we've had in ages, no doubt in part because this former Canadian has only a few words of Spanish and no one on staff spoke more than a word or two of English. Everyone was friendly, and we managed just fine.  Took advice from previous reviewers - orders mini Barbacoa tacos and a side of guacamole. I must have missed ordering an extra, though, because the otherwise excellent green stuff lacked the cream other reviewers have raved about. But there was excellent flavor in the Barbacoa, and the chopped onion and (cilantro?) took my taste buds to heaven, a good place to be for an after-church lunch.A word to the wussie - the salsa will wake you up, approach gently until you get your chili-legs under you. The flavor is fantastic, but it needs to be handled with care.I can't wait to get back and try the posole, which apparently they serve only on weekends.  Lets see - what am I doing next Sunday?
<review# 391,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2012,11/18/2012,11,60,4,6,3>If you asked dive bars to take you to their leader, they would bring you here!  Super cute location with tons of personality & a great selection of very inexpensive beer to boot!  If you're riding your bike or just visiting the art galleries in Southtown, this should be high on your list of stops.  I know they used to play movies on Tuesday nights outside, but I'm not sure if they do anymore.  And it's a pretty laid back mix of people who like to come here, so you get a very comfortable vibe.
<review# 392,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2012,11/17/2012,10,67,2,2,2>I'm going to be moving up to San Marcos but whenever I need a haircut, the trip back down will be well worth it. This place has a very rockabilly feel to it, all the hairdressers are such characters. I had Fabian cut my hair and was not disappointed. I was going from very long hair to very short and had an idea in mind. I once made this step with disastrous results, however Fabian absolutely delivered. He showed me what to buy and how to style it, I left feeling confident with my haircut and will no longer do the, "cutting hair is cutting hair, I'll try this place," gamble. Highly recommended if you plan on getting something besides your standard crew or bowl cut.
<review# 393,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2012,11/16/2012,64,132,2,7,4>Paloma has to be my favorite Tex-Mex spot in San Antonio. It IS pricey, but everything I have tried has been "I could die right here, right now" good. Their margaritas are delicious, but watch yourself if you are driving. They will sneak up on you, so take it easy :) If you are here for a light lunch try the caldito de pollo and some chips and guacamole. If you are there for dinner try my all-time favorite, enchiladas divorciadas. Whatever you chose, you will likely not be disappointed. I love it because the inside of the restaurant is beautifully decorated with modern, Mexican decor and the patio seating has decent landscaping to give you something to look at while enjoying your meal. This would be an awesome place to take a date, especially at night because they have patio li ghting to kick it up a notch. ENJOY :)
<review# 394,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2012,11/15/2012,10,66,3,4,4>So, a month after our door was serviced, it completely seized up on us.  Took us about a half hour to force it closed and I have to admit I was a bit nervous about calling the company about the warranty.  I had NO reason to worry - when my husband called Hollywood-Crawford, they had someone out to us two days later, even though they were short staffed [and they were completely honest about being able to fit us in as quickly as possible].  The technician came out and got to work right away.  It ended up being a tension issue, but he corrected the problem, got the door working, and verified the first technician had gone over maintenance of the gears/springs with us.Not once were we questioned about the problem, there was no mention of any sort of payment, and they were polite and speedy.  Truly the best labor warranty service I have received in a long time.  It all makes up for the few snafus I mentioned with scheduling the first time and I have to up my rating!
<review# 395,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2012,11/14/2012,65,158,2,4,2>Gelato snob? You'll be in heaven.Prefer the ice cream flavors of your youth?  Simple chocolate or vanilla?  Or black raspberry like you get in New England?  Got those and more too.  According to their site, they have 22 flavors each day- though I haven't been able to get to them all yet.  I always get hung up by Cake Batter or Pistachio- both outstanding. Brindles has consistently been my favorite place for desserts of the frozen kind since they opened.  Cones, cups, and even the retro banana splits.  They also serve pretty decent coffee drinks.They have frequent buyers card- after 10 purchases, you get one free.  Staff is really helpful and let you sample before committing. Just writing this review is making my mouth water...
<review# 396,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2012,11/13/2012,84,393,4,4,4>At Alamo Eat Street there were some healthful options, but the Attaboy truck kept whispering "eat a burger."  The guys working at the truck were super friendly and even let my kiddo check out the cooking going on inside.  I did contemplate ordering the fried egg version, but since I didn't have any Lipitor on hand decided it might be better to stick to a regular option.  The bread makes this burger.  It is buttery, soft in the center, crisp on the edges melt in your mouth goodness.  I didn't get crazy with toppings, so this burger measured up on its' own.  The fries were fresh cut and had some salty sweet seasoning.  For my burger, fries and a Mexican coke it was about $12, so really easy to keep coming back for more.
<review# 397,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2012,11/12/2012,101,63,3,5,3>during mother's day weekend, i found myself in a bit of a time crunch, and needed to find a present stat. i had my heart set on a culinary shop up at la cantera, but since i was going to be relegated to the downtown area, i decided to forgo the trek up I-10, and went to one of my favorite areas, the pearl brewery. i've frequented melissa guerra before, and i had actually gotten my mom's present there last year, which was a paella cookbook. i decided i would get yet another cookbook, but the sales associate told me that they had reduced their inventory, so on a whim, i decided to get the eponymous store owner's cookbook. as i went to pay for it, the same sales associate smiled and told me that if i wanted it autographed, melissa could sign it since she was standing right behind me. she was very sweet, yet professional, and welcomes all feedback on her store. needless to say, i got my mom the best. mother's day present. EVER. mucho brownie points!aside from feeling good about my shop local purchase, i need to talk about how cool this store is from any other culinary shop. sure, those big guys have catalogs that whet your appetite with their fancy glossy pages hawking their wares, but at melissa guerra's you get to have a different shopping experience. it's not a huge big box space, but the store is chock full of specialty items: so if you fancy paella, this is your shop. in additional to carrying every size paella pan known to man, the store also carries the spanish chorizo as well as the aborio rice. that attention to specific inventory makes me a devotee to this store. other cool items include handmade dishes and glassware, plus fun mexican clothing and jewelry. a great place for finding a housewarming gift! wish she had a registry!
<review# 398,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2012,11/11/2012,645,1719,3,5,3>Stopped here for a late breakfast with my boyfriend this weekend on our way to Austin. We're both huge breakfast taco fans, and after seeing this place reviewed by a friend recently, I knew we had to check it out when the opportunity presented itself. I ordered the potato and egg with cheese, and he went with the carne guisada with cheese and the barbacoa. When we received our order, conversation came to a dead stop. The tacos, as everyone else has said, are enormous. They come with a hefty amount of cheese, which I definitely appreciate, and the use of shredded american over cheddar lends itself to better meltability and a taste that reminds me of childhood breakfast tacos before kindergarten. Even though the tacos were huge, I had to sample a bit of his carne guisada, and I was blown away! And promptly added another to our order for myself, since he was not inclined to share. The meat was tender, there was plenty of sauce, and the cheese perfectly complimented the taco. When it arrived, I knew it was a bad idea but I ate it anyway, stuffing myself and clutching my overfull belly as we left. Needless to say, we did not eat lunch. And you know what? I'm totally okay with that.Tips:Per posted signs on the wall, take out orders have a surcharge, I believe in the amount of 10%. Additionally, credit/debit card use has a minimum, I think of $10.
<review# 399,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2012,11/10/2012,177,94,4,9,4>This is fast becoming my go to pizza joint. I have been to Stouts a few times now and have tried a few different things. The Calzone, Stromboli, Pepperoni Rolls, Garlic Knots and obviously the Pizza.What I have learned is you can't go wrong.Everything here is amazing. Fresh toppings, a delicious crust and a great peppery marinara sauce. If you haven't tried Stouts yet get there ASAP!
<review# 400,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2012,11/9/2012,192,81,4,5,5>Didn't realize this was not just a pie place. The location has been several things but nothing ever worth visiting a 2nd time. "Love at first sight" occurred when the Staff came around the counter to greet us. They were all super nice and flexible with the menu.I had a cup of soup and half of the club sandwich. The bacon in the club was much appreciated, it was cooked perfectly and there was a generous serving in just half of the sandwich. The soup stole the show! Roasted tomato with smoked Gouda soup - better than la Madeline. There were actually chunks of tomato.On the menu what stood out was that they have a taco bagel!! Refried beans, bacon and cheese on a bacon. Did I find heaven at a pie shop?For $18 we had two lunch specials and one slice of pie and I think it was totally worth it.
<review# 401,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2012,12/19/2012,18,125,3,7,3>I must have gone to a different place than many of the reviewers because we went for lunch today and the place was freakin' awesome.  Hitting on all cylinders.  If I could give six stars, I would.We got a smattering of the meats - the ribs, the brisket, the sausage, and the pulled pork - and all impressed.  The Texas Toast they serve along with the bbq is phenomenal and nice and dense - just the way I like it.  The sauce was also great and seemed to add to all the dishes in a perfect way - not sure how they pulled it off.  The sides weren't phenomenal (with the exception of the burnt beans - these were downright special) but I didn't come here for the sides, I came here for the meat and boy did it impress.  Right now, my go to bbq spot for at least a hundred mile radius.  Oh yeah, as added pluses, the ambiance is really, really cool and the staff is super nice and attentive.Please go here: you won't regret it and they deserve it.
<review# 402,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2012,12/17/2012,80,80,3,5,5>My first visit to Knife & Fork Gastropub was for an event that G&F hosted for Yelp and I must say I walked away impressed. The staff was super friendly and went all out to make sure we were taken care of. The atmosphere is very chill and they have a great outdoor patio to enjoy.G&F has an awesome selection of mixed drinks and an even better selection of draft beers to choose from. I love me a draft beer but on this night I only had the Raspberry Mojito which was on point...so on point that I think I had 3 or 4. Next time I will be sure to try some of their vast selections of beer.While at G&F I dined on the $13 burger which was delish.  The item that I was most impressed with were the grilled chicken wings with the combination sauce of the K&F wing sauce and Ginger agave nectar. The combination sauce is not on the menu so you have to ask for it special...you can thank me later. Believe me when I tell you I inhaled those wings and had to stop myself from ordering more. The wings have just the right amount of heat and the sauce takes them to another level. Love the wings and will be back to try other items on the menu. Thanks again G&F for a wonderful experience.
<review# 403,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2012,12/16/2012,46,93,2,4,2>Blink and you'll miss it.This No-Flo hidden hot-spot can be tough to track down for first-timers, but once you see it, there's no turning back!Quincy's Deli is housed in a historic, well-preserved home, surrounded by a picturesque garden and a black, iron fence.  Your first thought upon seeing the outdoor seating area (complete with umbrellas) will be, "I'm not going back to work. My afternoon will be spent here." Wise, you are.Inside, several rooms with four-tops - each room decorated in its own special way.  One room you'll find a big TV with cable.  Another filled with the tunes from the eclectic SAC radio station.Now to the food - it's delish.  Sandwiches, salads, soups, etc. Check the menu. A sandwich runs $7, or add chips and a drink for $10.  You can't go wrong with any sandwich; however I highly recommend the Club, Corned Beef, Avocado and the Spicy Cucumber sandwiches.  Their iced tea is strong and near perfection.  Restrooms are near spotless and the service is uber-friendly.   Closed Saturdays.SUNDAY BONUS: They now serve breakfast on Sundays! Open at 9am! This is delightful, because soon they will be moving to the Pearl.  Not sure when, but that's what the owner told me recently.(Pearl - a bubble that soon will burst; a passing fad - in my opinion, but whatevs)Bottom line: Great lunch spot. Bring your co-workers and friends or bring a book.  You can park along Flores or the neighboring side streets and walk the shaded path to Quincy's.
<review# 404,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2012,12/15/2012,125,290,10,10,8>Maybe you've heard but I'm a gamer.  I've played it all, from Super Mario Bros / Duck Hunt on my NES to Gears of War 3 on my 360 but I have a special place in my heart for retro gaming.  I'm an only child so let's just say that I grew close to Lara Croft, Link and Spyro during my younger years.  Wandering around with Katy B., I happened upon Propaganda Palace on McCullough and was blown away by their massive no, wait, MASSIVE selection.  I thought Game Over Videogames held the crown for retro supply but no, Propaganda is where it's at.  The first room you enter houses hundreds (possibly thousands, I'm not so good at the math stuff) of movies on VHS and the next room is where I almost shed tears of joy.  Whether you're into Genesis (you rock), Sega Saturn (you rock less), or GameGear (welcome to the cool kids club) games, they had loads and loads of it.  They also sell all types of consoles and even have the all-gold limited edition Legend of Zelda N64.  This is like mecca for me, I had to stop and spend a good 20 seconds rubbing this console for the good luck that it's bound to carry.  Propaganda Palace is indeed a magical place and I plan to go there so often, I'm thinking of just forwarding my paychecks there.  I may have a problem but it's a effin sweet problem.
<review# 405,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2012,12/14/2012,70,122,2,6,2>When Anthony M. and Brandon G. bought Bubblehead from Albert, they not only maintained the quality of their drinks but they built upon it. When I first heard about the new owners taking over in 2011, I was hesitant to go back to my favorite bubbletea house. But my doubts were far from accurate. The new guys added excellent flavor mixes and maintained prices. They even kept the frequent buyer card, which kept me happy.I drive all the way from the Medical Center to get my fix. Make no mistake, this is the best bubbletea house in all of San Antonio, hands down. And I have tried others... the one in Loehmann's Village that used to be on the corner of Callaghan and Babcock and the one on the corner of Huebner and Babcock. But I still keep going back to Bubblehead. What keeps me returning is the fast, courteous service, even on the busiest of days; quality ingredients; and wide selection of blends sure to satisfy everyone.The decor is fun. Don't miss the unique artwork. The sofa settings allow for large groups to sit together and talk, while the music is an excellent blend of ambient house and techno. I have not tried their hookah, but I see customers regularly indulging. There is a separate area for those who choose to try the hookah (the side of the building on a covered patio). The customers who just come for the bubbletea can sit comfortably inside or outside in front of the building. I also enjoy the extended hours on Friday and Saturday nights, which allows for late night hanging out.Try Bubblehead just once and you will be hooked, just like me.
<review# 406,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2012,12/13/2012,32,166,3,3,5>Two Bros. is a perfect place for families with children who are looking for something to please everyone. I like the big, spacious picnic tables outside close to the playscape. Both little kids and big kids have room to ramble while grownups can sip longnecks. The 'Q is good (we usually order the brisket and the sausage, but the chicken and turkey are also good), the sauces are fun to sample (make sure you try all 3!), and the sides run from the basic to the extraordinary. My kids could chow on the mac n' cheese alone for supper, but I especially like the beans--something about that unusual combination of pintos and peaches just thrills me. It is one of my all-time favorite side dishes. My kids love going back to get refills of purple Kool-Aid from the big, serve-yourself containers. When the weather turns a little cooler, I'll see you on the patio.
<review# 407,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2012,12/12/2012,119,309,4,5,5>In whichever city that  I live. I find at least one store in which I can be certain to find the absolute best of everything when it comes to libations. In Dallas I had the Goody-Goody stores, in LA I had The Winehouse and Domaine LA,and let's not forget Bevmo.  Now that I live in San Antonio I have Joe's Fine Wine and Spirits. This place may be smaller than most, but they make excellent use of what space they do have. I walk in am greeted with a genuine "Hello!" and a smile. Suzie began to help me right away by giving me the full tour. She lead me around their wonderous labrynth showing me their break downs country by country. I also make sure that I stop by both of the tasting booths in the store.Wine is really the star of the show there, but they do have an impeccable selection of spirits, after all it's in the name too. The have a wonderous array of Single Malts, as well as myriad of the other of the major spirits. Other stand outs include One Barrel Rum, from Belize. That's a hard one to find, and my Stepdad's favorite. I end up leaving the store with two bottles of red, one from Spain and the other from France, and both were recommended by Joe himself. They have special event tastings as well so I made sure to get on their email list. Though I did see the entire store i look forward to going back and really going through it. I have plenty oftime for that.
<review# 408,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2012,12/11/2012,317,220,5,6,4>I have been to this library over 30  times on the weekdays to study for many exams, to hang out with friends, and to relax while listening to music.+ Clean, quiet, and FREE (duh!)+ Great selection of books and magazines for all ages+ Never full capacity.  Always empty seating available. (weekdays)  I have not been here on a weekend.+ Fast Wi-fi - I have experienced slow speed a couple months ago, but lately the wifi has been working flawlessly.+ Bathrooms - Super clean.  I wouldn't mind studying in here.+ Librarians and staff are very friendly, smile frequently, and are open to questions anytime.- The hours are different everyday.  Make sure to check before going.- Quiet study rooms tend to turn into ice rooms so be sure to bring a sweater if you are planning study in one.- The water in the water foundation tastes like water from the sewers.
<review# 409,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2012,12/10/2012,36,227,2,5,5>So, I finally get out to Magnolia Pancake Haus. I've attempted before on a couple occasions, but always retreated from the long wait times. Today, we went at 9 am with 8 in our company and was told 30-45 minutes. A few minutes later, we upped our company to 12 and we waited 75 minutes. The talking made it go quicker, though, thefood made me forget the wait. It lived up to the hype - very good. Reasonably priced, about $10 each for entree and coffee. Signature pancakes were fantastic, and the maple syrup was maple syrup, not imitation. Lots of unique omelet creations, all about $8 each, and all come with choice of 2 pancakes, toast, grits, or biscuits. Everyone had a great breakfast and will definitely return. So back to the wait. There is a Starbucks very near, stop and grab a cup while you wait - Magnolia does not offer it while you wait. Or check-in and then go back to Starbucks for your wait. A bit risky, however, with the heat starting to increase in the mornings of summer, sitting out on the patio can be sweaty. There is a small area inside to sit, but seating there is prime real estate. There is always sitting in your car too. They can text you when your seat is ready. Just some ideas, but the food was very good.
<review# 410,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2012,12/9/2012,188,95,3,8,6>I almost didn't want to write this review because I want to keep this little coffee shop to myself. I guess I won't be selfish now...I been looking for a quite, unique and authentic coffee shop for awhile now in San Antonio and I finally found one! To my knowledge, there's a Local Coffee in Alamo Heights as well, but the stone oaks location is the closest to me. They serve unique coffee beans and artistic coffee art with every cup and I adore it. The coffee isn't cheap but I didn't mind because of the environment I was in. This is a place you can come for a studying or just want a quite afternoon by yourself with your favorite book. I really hope Local coffee stays kind of "hidden" and not become a over crowded place, I know, I am being just a bit selfish. ;)
<review# 411,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2011,4/27/2012,372,222,11,11,12>Food - 5/5Service - 5/5Price - 5/5Atmosphere - 4/5Best Dish: Fruit CupsIt took two years of continuously hearing about Los Cocos from co-workers and classmates before I decided to try this place out. I've yet to have the tacos but I don't see why I would ever need to. The fruit cups here are simply amazing and more than enough to satisfy my taste buds. For the selection of fruits, they offer any combination of: mangos, pineapples, cucumbers, strawberries, coconut, watermelon, cantaloupe, and pears. I'm sure I'm missing a few as well. Then you can top that off with "limon" or "chile" or both. I obviously get both...because that's what I do. One of my favorite things to do is sipping that juice (a mixture of all the fruit, the lime, and the chili powder) at the bottom of the cup when it's all said and done. Wow.They also serve chili and corn in a cup which consists of corn, butter, mayo, sour cream, cheese, lemon juice, and hot sauce. How can all those flavors co-exist? I don't know! It just works.Of course you can customize what you want in your fruit cup or corn in a cup. The staff is very attentive to your requests and they have no problem doing it.To me, its pretty awesome how you can go really healthy (fruit cups) then compliment that with going super unhealthy (corn in a cup).
<review# 412,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2012,4/26/2012,16,103,2,9,3>If you have read or followed any of my previous posts you would know that when it comes to NY style anything, I am a very, very harsh critic. From Italian food to Buffalo wings, to pizza--I know my stuff and this, is a good pizza. Some words of clarification though, to put things in perspective, this is a 5 star pizza for San Antonio, Texas; but only 4 stars if I were in N.Y.  Since we are in a city with very, very few good pizza options though, I have to say that Florio's may be the best--yes, even better than Trilogy Pizza.  Now, let me tell you why.Food: As silly as it may seem, when I go to a pizza place I like to try a variety of the different flavors that they have to offer.  Meaning, I don't just go for the plain cheese pizza and call it a day.  I order two medium pizzas: one cheese and one with half sausage and half pepperoni.  Yes, two medium pizzas for two people.  I am sure this looks rather ridiculous when the server delivers two good-sized medium pizzas to our table, but hey, now I have pizza for lunch and dinner!  And, with a pizza as good as this, there are no complaints there.First, I have to start with the dough.  Honestly, when I first looked at it, I was skeptical.  The texture looked a little bit 'off'.  Boy was I pleasantly surprised though when I bit into it.  It has fantastic flavor and gradually gets better and better as you make your way to the back of your slice.  It starts off a little bit flimsy and slightly soggy (from the sauce and cheese), and as you get to the back it gets deliciously tender and crispy.  Tender and crispy you ask?  Um yea...the way pizza dough should be.  A nice crisp exterior with a delicious, soft, tender inside.  Mm mm...Well done Florio's, well done.Next is the sauce.  I really like the flavor of the sauce.  It tastes like the tomato-based pizza sauce my great grandmother used to make.  The taste of freshness is in the forefront with a nice, clean aftertaste.  They do put a very light amount of sauce on the pizza; but that is the way it should be.  The sauce is NOT cast as the star actor; it is the 'Extra'.  Finally the cheese.  Perfect.  I loved how melty and gooey the cheese gets.  It is so reminiscent of N.Y. that it is like you are there.  The cheese has that great salty, savory gooey-ness that makes N.Y. pizza so damn good.What impresses me the most though, is that a pizza is not about one or two ingredients, it is the sum of all of its parts, and this is where many pizza places falter.  Some pizza places have great cheese, others have great dough, some have great sauce; but everything else somehow is lacking.  At Florio's, each and every ingredient has a purpose.  Each and every ingredient melds well, and marries well with its counterparts to create one fantastic, mouth-watering compilation of deliciousness and wonder.In addition to all of the above, the toppings were also eerily reminiscent of N.Y.  I absolutely loved their Italian sausage--it was my favorite slice.  A close second was the plain cheese which just encompasses everything a fine, plain cheese pizza should.  Here are the two gripes I have about Florio's that would push it from a 5 star pizza in N.Y to a 4 star--for me anyway.  I like it when the cheese comes out bubbly, and a little golden brown on top.  The absence of that is not a huge deal; but it gives the cheese a little bit better of a flavor in my opinion.  By browning the cheese, you get a rich, entirely different level of flavor from your mozzarella.  Secondly, you'll note that I did not mention the pepperoni above.  That is because I prefer my pepperoni to be crispy around the edges.  This sort of goes hand-in-hand with lightly browned cheese thing.  Generally, one does not exist without the other. Getting a crispy, slightly burnt edge on the pepperoni is the flavor that makes the topping so good.  Dough: 9 / 10 (-1 for the flimsy--slightly soggy center)Sauce: 10 / 10 (there is nothing wrong with it, and it adds to the overall depth of the pizza)Cheese 8 / 10 (a nice flavor, but lacking the delicious, lightly browned flavor profile)Toppings 8 / 10 (originally a 9 / 10 +1 for sausage - 2 for pepperoni)Price: The price is not really in-line with a NY style pizzeria. As I have noted many times in many other reviews, I could get a large, one-topping pizza and a dozen wings for 14.95 in Syracuse.  That is not the case in San Antonio, though, I suppose if I have to pay premium dollar for a great pizza in a city where if the food isn't Mexican or BBQ it is damn near awful...I suppose I can fork-over the extra couple of bucks.Final / Concluding Thoughts: You will have a difficult time finding a better pizza in San Antonio.  I love Trilogy as well...and 46th Street; but if you put the three next to each other on the same street, Florio's slightly edges-out Trilogy and 46th St. every time, and that's where I'd choose to spend my money every time.
<review# 413,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2012,4/25/2012,118,76,7,14,6>Thank you San Antonio for having an undiscovered hair genius hidden right in the heart of downtown!!! Madi, the owner of Moxie Hair Salon is a true color specialist and works wonders on even the pickiest of clients (like myself).  My first visit to Moxie was based on reviews from Yelp and the salons specialty for Platinum hair.  After a disaster dye job I received on the westside of town, i was desperate and in need of emergency hair triage. I contacted the salon in a panic, sporting extremely HOT roots and a bit of contempt. Madi picked up the phone and luckily she was able to squeeze me in for an appointment that same day. Not only did she manage to save my precious platinum blonde, but she did it without sacrificing the health of my hair (and thus, my dignity). Moxie has a throwback fifties aka rockabilly feel to it, most notably the black and white checkard floor!!! The! salon is very comfortable, has easy parking and lies in a convenient location. The clientele varies greatly, I've seen everything from down home country folk to sharply dressed business executives but every last one of them walks out with amazing hair!!!As a bonified hair enthusiast, I tend to scrutinize more than most. But Madi and the girls at Moxi Hair Salon pass the test.  Not only will I be back, but I will be telling everyone about how wonderful they are.  I have gone to Madi for a little over 6 months now and have never been disappointed.
<review# 414,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2012,4/24/2012,90,15,2,8,7>Favorite, favorite, favorite restaurant in San Antonio!Of course my "hands-down favorite, always gonna order it cause I'm ADDICTED" dish is the Brussels Sprouts, BUT you need to check the "off-menu" specials! We were able to score the Bone Marrow Soup one night (incredible!) Our standard "go-to's" are the beef cheek & pork belly. It don't matter how Quealy prepares it, you will LOVE it. :) The servers are super-friendly, engaging and knowledgable--if you tell them what you like/don't like, they'll tell you what you should order.As far as the beer/wine selection goes--wow. Again - if you aren't a beer/wine-snob, just let your server know what your preferences are, and they'll recommend something outstanding and you "might" even be able to find it the next day at your local World Market or Central Market (or HEB+!) My advice is to take your time and order 1 or 2 things at a time (for 2 people.) Start eating your dishes/drinking your beverages, then order more. The more time you spend at The Monterey, the more you'll enjoy it.Eat. Be Outside. Be Happy.
<review# 415,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2011,4/23/2012,39,182,5,4,2>Hooray for San Antonio celebs!!!! It's our very own Chuck Stanley from KISS radio. If you don't know who he is then go look up Facebook.This establishment has combined the love for rock-n-roll & upped the ante on bar food & bbq. Yes, the music is rock....so don't complain about it. At least it's not death metal, or worse Justin Beiber. So what kind of food comes from a radio host you say? Damn good burgers & pork bbq. I can't speak for the ribs & other menu fare, but I had the Steakhouse and it was delicious. The mushrooms were plentiful, the fire sauce gave it a nice kick, & o-ring garnish was just a garnish. Although, I should have asked for a slice of gruyere to complete this symphony. Must remember that next time. My friend had the pulled-pork sandwich. Now having worked at a bbq joint for 7 years I've indugled into our piggly-wiggly friend many o' times. I must say a bit greasy (which pork fat rules) was astounding. It was piled high with PULLED pork, not shredded out of the can. I don't know if this was cooked on-site or brought in from home, but I can say that Schertz now has a decend BBQ restaurant to put on the map. They're sauce was pretty good, more of a vinegar base sauce that left a kick of heat on the back of the palate.  It complimented the pulled pork just right, probably not so much for ribs...but it would make a great basting sauce. So congratulations Schertz!!! I'll be sure to drop by CBQ's for some delicious roadside grub after receiving my speeding ticket from your friendly police department.Oh and one more thing TATTOO TUESDAY! Go in on tuesday to find out what it's all about.
<review# 416,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2011,4/22/2012,305,113,3,6,4>A pitcher of margaritas? You cannot go wrong when you start out your meal this way!Every meal, from brunch to dinner has always been exceptional. The wait staff is a pleasure, the food prepared fresh, great atmosphere and they have one of my favorite patios in San Antonio.The shrimp cocktail is full of big juicy shrimp- so many that I am continuously amazed when I dunk my spoon in repeatedly and come up with 2-3 chunks of the good stuff at a time. I'm on a personal mission to try everything on this menu at least once, and some over and over again! Great flautas, the poblano soup is worth a mention, solid rice and beans. The choice of fresh or roasted salsa a treat. A must  go!
<review# 417,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2011,4/21/2012,88,438,4,8,7>Abel's is one of my weekly hangouts. I'm there just about every Sunday morning with a paper in hand for breakfast. It's a great home cooking place that is always crowded. Abel is usually working the grill and the kitchen is open - just a half wall with some warmer lamps for rolls separates it from the dining area. It is a little difficult to get here - you can only get to it from the I-35 Southbound access road. If you are coming from I-35 North, take the 3009/Natural Bridge caverns exit, turn left back over 35, then go past the Valero station and in the Wal-Mart parking lot on your right. You can get to the southbound access road through there.Seating is very limited and on a first come, first serve system. Just to give you an idea of how it works:1) Line up outside the door on the covered walkway area. The other side is for to-go orders to come in and pick up.  I highly recommend getting a paper from the paperbox around the corner (facing I-35).2) Enter the exterior door area. Don't keep the inner doors open!3) Enter the diner. Stay and wait for a table to be wiped. Place bets as to who will leave first and if you will get a booth or table.I should add that the food is amazing - always freshly prepared and exactly what you asked for. A great alternative to the endless IHOPs and Dennys along I-35.
<review# 418,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2012,4/20/2012,11,60,6,5,5>Every time I go I find something that I love more than the last!  They have an escolar ceviche appetizer that can poison and/or kill you....WORTH it!  The ceviche was so incredibly delicious that I wanted to lick up the lingering juice on the plate! (I somehow managed to refrain ;)And the tower of tuna is melt in your mouth deliciousness- yes, tuna so fresh it almost literally melts! The rolls, we had about 4 different one's (I don't remember the names after 2 bottles of sake lol) and I cannot stress enough just how much every.single.plate roll & dish has it's own distinct flavor; but the roll that I can order 4 of is the one wrapped in cucumber. That,  is just the greatest of all time.I swear, I can feel my mouth start to water just 'thinking' about this place lol. I mean come ON, how is everything going to be delicious!?The service was good as well, but honestly I was in such a food euphoria that I could have cared less if she never spoke to us the rest of the night!
<review# 419,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2011,4/19/2012,211,97,6,8,4>While Guenther House is open for both breakfast and lunch, breakfast-time is definitely when you'll want to hit up this place.The location in South Town is beautiful. Located by the river, it's a quaint old German home. There is seating both indoors and out. Don't be concerned about our "OMG IT'S TOO HOT" or "OH CRAP WHEN DID IT GET SO COLD" weather fluctuations, either - outdoors has water misters in the summer and heaters in the winter, so it's not unpleasant.I've never been to Guenther House for lunch, so I can only speak on breakfast - but I can speak on it very well. It's my go-to place to take out of town tourists. They are always charmed. For weekend breakfast, be sure to get there early and be prepared for a wait either way. There is a gift shop a few floors up in which to bide your time (where you can buy plenty of Pioneer mixes if you didn't get enough of the food while you were there), or you can hang out outside on the benches near the complimentary coffee.I've had a few dishes, and these are my top three breakfast choices:1. Biscuits and gravy. Oh my. Their biscuits are so fluffy and delicious, and the gravy is thick and amazing with sausage chunks in it. Yes, I could eat it for days... and I would if I weren't worried about the giant fatness it would cause.2. Fruit and coffee cake. Their pastries are delicious. If I'm not feeling like pouring 1.5 cups of gravy into my gullet (see above), I'll pick this. The fruit is fresh and tasty, and you get some sugar cake to balance out the health of it all.3. Waffles with fruit. The waffles are great too. The waffle holes are big enough to hold a good amount of syrup and whipped cream, which is one of the things I judge my waffles on. Two thumbs up, waffles!
<review# 420,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2011,4/18/2012,153,232,4,4,4>Was down on the southside and I needed to pick up some tacos to take in to the office.  Searched yelp and found this place around the corner.  I read Curtis C's review and i knew I had to try this place out.  I walked in and perused the taco menu.  They have everything that you can think of.  I love chicarron so I ordered that for myself and a smorgasboard of other tacos for my office.  Well suffice to say I was the hero around the office that day.  Not only had I brought Tacos...I had brought some of the best tacos they had ever had.  Keep it up Ric-Ron you made me look like a champ!
<review# 421,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2009,7/20/2010,16,171,1,12,3>I had to whisk the little bugger over there last week after I realized he probably had an ear infection.  Unlike my previous vet, where you had to wait nearly 2 weeks to get an appointment, they were able to schedule him for the same afternoon.Thanks to rush hour traffic on a Friday, I was just *barely* going to make it for our appointment, so I called to double-check directions and avoid driving up and down the street trying to find the place.  The receptionist was extremely helpful and patient, and I was glad I called because I would have driven right past it.The building is not brand spanking new, but if it was they would surely charge a lot more.  They were very sweet to my unhappy and grumpy little dog, who happens to turn into Kujo at his vet appointments.  My previous vet would make me struggle to put a tiny little muzzle on him myself, but the staff at UC Animal Hospital slipped it on him like pros, saving the little guy any further anxiety.He was quickly diagnosed with infections in both ears, and they whisked him into the back to flush out the ears and apply medicated ointment.  Afterward, the doc gave him a treat, just to ensure that he had a fairly good memory of the experience.  Overall, I thought the place was great and the staff was very professional and kind, and they didn't try to sell me expensive and unnecessary medication.  The fact that they'll treat your pet in an interior room without your presence may make some people cautious, and I haven't liked that about other vet clinics in the past, but I was sure that my dog was in good hands.  I'm definitely making this place my new regular veterinary clinic!
<review# 422,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2010,7/19/2010,43,15,1,2,2>Pretty good Tex Mex, with a large patio for outside dining on a deck with lots of trees, and very good margaritas. It gets busy for happy hour and beyond, so be prepared to wait. But they have a nice bar where you can sit and have a drink with chips and salsa while you wait. Sometimes they have live music on the patio. The atmosphere is noisy and casual and fun.  Overall, its a great combination of good food, good drinks, with a nice outdoor atmosphere, and a good fun vibe. What's not to like?  I've run into old friends and made new friends there. If you're from San Antonio, its a familiar kind of place where you'll feel right at home. And if you're not from here, check it out for a "Puro San Antonio" kind of experience. For something different, try the "Italian Margarita."
<review# 423,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2010,7/18/2010,7,28,3,2,2>The first thing that struck my on my first visit to Grace Coffee Cafe is the Willy Wonka Chocolate Factory spaciousness to the place. The eye goes straight up.  From the near 3-story ceiling hang McDonald's playland-sized ducting; industrial lights that look like converted rocket engines; and a tight group of plastic disks, the largest of which is the size of a kitchen table.The feeling of vastness doesn't stop there. Where the cafe itself ends isn't perfectly clear. It might be a 40 x 30 foot space or it might extend much further. The wall opposite the menu and register opens to a space which brings to mind the lobby of a convention center with tables and chairs set sparsely every 20 feet or so. Meeting rooms, a rec room of sorts and the Tri-Point gym -- think Spectrum -- are all connected to this large hall.But, for the purposes of this review, I'll pretend we're talking only about the 40 x 30 foot space. When the vertigo fades you can finally take in the very normal, IKEA-flavored seating and decoration. The menu is clear and includes all the coffee and tea drinks you'll want, plus they offer smoothies, sandwiches, baked good, and something called creamice.The service was vanilla but good. The coffee was better than average though. They use a Verismo 701. I won't pretend to know what that is, but that might be helpful for others who do.For those who like coffee shops for work, Grace Coffee Cafe is probably a solid hit. The temperature is good. The prices are pretty low. The Internet was more or less easy to connect to and the signal was strong. (Note: Their Internet comes from Trinity Baptist Church, which makes one wonder how much control Grace might have over it if something were to go south. Of course, the fact that the place is named Grace and they seem to have a thing with Trinity, you're probably in good hands, right?)Outside of the general weirdness of the space -- it never does stop feeling like you're working in an airport -- this is a go-see for me.
<review# 424,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2010,7/17/2010,132,189,5,12,6>This is the only authentic Persian restaurant in San Antonio.  I recently moved back here from Los Angeles and this is as good as it gets.   It has now become a 2 time a week lunch destination followed by tea and ice cream.  Everything is amazing.  The kubideh is two generous skewers of ground beef with a ton of rice and a grilled tomato.  The soultani is one skewer of ground beef and one skewer of filet mignon.  Both are Persian kabob staples, and both dishes at Milad are excellent.  I have yet to try their chicken, but, if the beef is any reflection of the chicken, I am excited.  Additionally, Milad serves authentic  Persian dishes like Ghormeh Sabzi and Khoresh Gheymeh.  Both are excellent!  I never order traditional Persian food at restaurants because I find that it can't compare to the home-cooked stuff my Mother makes.  I lack this option since moving to Texas, so I have given it a shot.  I'm pleased to say that Milad doesn't disappoint.  The more traditional dishes are delicious.   Above all, my favorite part of Milad is the fresh bread.  At Persian resaurants In Southern California the bread is generally store bought.  In San Antonio, however, authentic bread is unavailable at local markets.   The inconvenience of not being able to get store bought bread is a real treat for any customer.  The bread Milad bakes fresh is really, really good.  If I was able to acquire enough of the bread I would attempt to bathe in it.Go there at once.
<review# 425,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/7/2010,7/16/2010,51,79,2,1,1>Went for dinner during a special 15% of during 3PM - 7 PM and found the food to be fresher and more plentiful than Sarika's Thai on Medical.  The prices are also cheaper for a bigger portion.  Got four dishes (all at mild spicy):Shrimp Pad Thai (a little sweeter than I normally like it, but good)Chicken Masamum (liked the whole peanuts and subtle coconut)Curry Thai Fried Rice with Beef (like this the best!  pretty addictive)Beancurd and Beansprouts (meh)For three people, this was plenty, and we had a good amount of leftovers as well.I'm going to try and hit up the different Thai places in San Antonio (there seem to be an abundance) and then make a listing of my fav's.===Update (8/10/2010): Went with my friends for dinner and tried the green curry noodle - it was GREAT.  Definitely recommend that dish.
<review# 426,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2010,7/15/2010,0,1,1,1,1>I have had the complete opposite experience every time I go. I always have a good time. Not only does my husband and I love this place, so does our children. The wings are beyond amazing. They have great flavors such as: red hot ranch,lemon pepper, honey garlic, sweet teriyaki, coconut jerk and bbq. As well as the regular wing flavors from mild to death valley. My kids love the wings too!! When you ask them where they want to eat, they will quickly answer buffalo's. When we don't have the kids we sit at the bar and have a drink. They have great drink specials from 3-7 and 9-close, Sunday-Thursday. $2.00- 12 oz domestic draft beers. $3.00- 25 oz domestic draft beers. $2.50- well drinks. We have had nothing but pleasant experiences here. Fun staff and fun environment. They have $0.50 wings on Tuesdays as well as karaoke. That is always a fun night. If you have kids, on Wed and Sundays the kiddo's eat for free. They have everything for the kids; tenders, wings, burgers, corn dogs. Even if you don't go on Wed or Sunday, the kids still eat cheap. $3.99. They also have live poker on Monday and Thursday nights, free to play and they give away prizes to the winners. There is always something going on here, and it's one of our favorite places to eat dinner here in San Antonio. We love this place.The burgers are half pound burgers.  We have buddies who go there at least once every two weeks for the inferno burger. The burgers are huge. I can never finish the meal.  We really like the variety on the menu. You can get quesidillas, fajitas, burgers, wraps, salads, wings and amazing deserts. I honestly don't know what there isn't to like about this place.I would highly recommend this place to anyone who asks! :) Hope this was helpful.
<review# 427,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2010,7/14/2010,28,69,1,2,2>This is a great laid back bar that's perfect for a big group or individual debauchery.  Bartenders are all friendly and the drink prices are moderate.  Bathrooms are clean & it has a small patio area in the back right of the place you can hang out in if you are an introvert.The place is smoker friendly, so accept the fact that you will smell like an ashtray by the end of the night...but it's a bar, so deal with it.  The location is pretty good since you are within a 3 minute drive to at least 4 other bars in close proximity.Sunday night is karaoke night if you feel like making a fool of yourself....it's actually pretty entertaining and most people are pretty lit up by the time karaoke kicks off.Pretty good bar with good clientele.
<review# 428,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2010,7/13/2010,85,159,,4,3>Tre Trattoria was highly recommended to me and, as one of Jason Dady's restaurants, it had a pre-existing reputation to live up to. The house made ricotta bruschetta was small but very good. The lemon is a welcomed addition to the flavors on the palate. The caprese was beautifully presented, fresh, and tasty. Soft mozzarella, sweet juicy tomatoes, balanced basil oil. The entrees were the epitome of Italian comfort food: the pappardelle with rustic pork ragu, fennel, and lemon was everything I've ever asked for in a pasta. The ragu was absolutely amazing with it's slow-cooked shredded pork and earthy tones that permeated through the pasta. The pan seared gnocchi with creamy Gorgonzola sauce was a first in terms of the browned outer layer and creamy center of the gnocchi. The surprisingly generous portions of red Italian wine help everything go down smoothly. We ordered the ricotta cake for dessert. It was presented in a simple manner with mascarpone, mandarin segments, and julienned mint. It was very light, moist, and not too sweet; just right. The service (from our server Logan and the host) was friendly and knowledgeable; very hands-off in a positive manner. The prices were comparable to the portions. Although the restaurant was beautifully decorated, the atmosphere seemed to be missing something- music, perhaps? Bottom line: it was a great first experience and I will be back for seconds.
<review# 429,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2010,7/12/2010,41,74,1,3,3>This bbq is not what it seems, it is not the typical Texas fare, but instead Willard brings a slice of Caribbean cuisine to the Alamo City. If you ever go to Jamaica or any other Caribbean Island, you will see smokers set up, just like Willard's, up and down the street selling jerk chicken and fish. Since this is San Antonio, replace fish with beef but the Jerk chicken remains along with pork ribs and sausage. Most orders are made to go, but there are a couple tables set up outside, but seating is very limited. What's nice about Willard's aside from the Jamaican jerk chicken and his personality is the reggae music played from a tinny radio speaker and it's right off the beaten path (north of downtown just off of St. Mary's hidden in the Tobin Hill neighborhood). It's close to Carmen de la Calle so a perfect place to eat before the jazz or flamenco show (especially since tapas can't really fill anyone up). This place has character, Willard is a San Antonio treasure and one feels lucky when they stumble on it. I reccommend riding your bike from Willard's to San Antonio Home Brew Supply (just down St. Mary's) to see what Tod has on tap.
<review# 430,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2010,7/11/2010,44,6,4,11,7>Tin Can Tacos is definitely FAR from your typical, unlicensed,  "fly by night," taco truck.  The Tin Can comes at you via a vintage Air Stream Trailer, usually parked in front of the Tiller's Automotive Shop just outside 1604 and Bandera.  If you're looking for the standard bean and cheese tacos, then it's time to truly open your mind and savor the exotic flavors that Manny (the owner of Tin Can Tacos) can nestle in a warm corn tortilla.The lamb tacos are amazing.  Flavorful, tender, a little game-y, and topped with tangy avocado sauce with fresh cilantro and onion.  Your taste buds will fly around the globe and come back for another bite of that taco.  Want something a little lighter?  Try Manny's fish tacos.  Grilled, not fried, fish, along with the usual suspects you come to find and love in fish tacos: crunchy red cabbage, onion, cilantro, and that delicious sauce.  You can also get a container of his amazing pineapple habanero salsa for an extra kick!  Don't worry, it's not the hellfire you might think, it's actually very well balanced, just like all of the Tin Can's eats.Keep in mind, these delicious treats are from the talented and creative mind of Tin Can owner, Manny.  As a former executive chef, he had a passion to walk off the beaten path, and he demonstrates that very well in his cooking.  Don't expect the same old, same old here either.  Manny tends to change the menu from time to time as he sees fit, or if he gets another wild idea.So go find that silver bullet trailer and try some really fresh and carefully crafted flavors.  Manny won't steer you wrong!
<review# 431,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2014,5/28/2014,224,205,10,16,15>Cured is my latest obsession.  So it's only right that Cured should be my first review for the new year.My husband and I first met Chef Steven McHugh at Meatopia.  We had been looking forward to trying his gumbo.  Unfortunately, by the time we made it to his station, he was out :(  But he managed to scrape the bottom of the barrel and give us the tiniest taste.  That was enough to hook us!  I followed him on Facebook and Twitter and couldn't wait for Cured to open.We came for lunch on their official grand opening day.  Had the pork cheek poutine, fried green tomato with shrimp po boy, "Cured" moonshine, & "Winter" for dessert.  The flavors were so satisfying that we made reservations to come back the same night for dinner with fellow Yelper Karen N.  At dinner, we had the charcuterie plate with apple jalapeno pork rillettes, jalapeno sausage, and salami.  It was served with pickled veggies, flatbread, & orange marmalade.  For our main courses, we ordered Crispy Striped Bass, Pearl Farmers' Market Vegetarian Selection, & Coffee Braised Veal Breast.  Dessert was a plate of lady apples that comes with "Winter" minus the cheesecake component (per our request) and the "Chocolate" donut bread pudding.  Another satisfying meal that lead us to reserve a table for New Year's Eve.Our NYE group ordered more of the same plus Roast Leg of Lamb...Cabrito Sliders...Pumpkin and Pepper Salad...Beet, Blood Orange, & Avocado Salad...Chicken Fried Chicken Livers...& "Citrus" for dessert.For each meal, we'd have wine, champagne, cocktails, & coffee.  Some were hits and some were misses.  The wonderful thing about the misses was that they would be replaced with hits at no additional charge :)  The staff even accommodated me when I asked for a fun, fizzy non-alcoholic beverage.  Narcissistic me have dubbed this drink "The Luly"...essentially one of their sodas (I've had Vanilla and Ginger Ale) with their housemade pomegranate syrup...delicious!The staff here is amazingly knowledgeable about the building and would point out interesting features.  They'll even give you a quick tour if it's not too busy/crowded.  April is the best server and we try to sit in her section whenever we can.  Phuong at the front of house is so welcoming and fun!  He is on loan from Colorado and will return there soon :(  He will be sorely missed.  Sylvia (Steven's wife) works so hard to make sure we are all enjoying ourselves.  She'll serve...bus tables...do whatever it takes to keep things following seamlessly.  Everyone works so well with each other. We can't get enough of this place.  We already have plans to return on Saturday for Cured's 1st brunch.  Looking forward to seeing what's on the menu!
<review# 432,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2014,5/27/2014,29,49,4,7,4>I love breakfast tacos- seriously, I could eat them everyday. I was surprised to find this gem located not too far from where I live. The tacos are thick- stuffed with all your typical breakfast favorites (eggs, sausage, bacon, chorizo etc.) Here's the kicker though........the prices! Tacos are like $1.19 a piece and they're delish! I don't believe the tortillas are handmade fresh- probably no different from your local HEB brand but the tacos are big and juicy nonetheless and will square away those hunger pangs at an instant! The only knock on this place is the ridiculous drive-thru line every morning. It's like they cant keep up with the demand. But it's still worth it. Cheap delicious tacos jut the way you want them!
<review# 433,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2014,5/26/2014,64,156,2,6,2>I try not to be a Star floozy, but this place earned it. Let me start by saying, I am not a vegetarian. I love steak. Ooo, and bacon. Everything about this place won me over. The spunky waitresses, the colorful chandeliers hanging about, the Deli-Style dessert display when you walk in the door. I ordered fried mushrooms for an app, and not only were they nice fat ones, they came with house gravy. Our server also brought 2 sauces over that were delicious. One poblano, one chipotle. I loved them both. For lunch I had the grilled chese & tomato soup combo. Both were delicious. It also came with fruit or a kale salad. I had a 'vegan cupcake' for dessert if there were ever such a creation. It was actually delicious. The only problem I had, and it was a problem the entire vist, was that our table was SO SMALL. We were two people, with two drinks and one app and it was already an issue. We had to balance dishes, shuffle containers etc. When our food came it was a disaster. One app, two drinks, two bowls of soup and two plates with a salad & sandwich. It was so awful and even our server kept trying to take things to make room. I think they should have set the tables with 2 people's worth of stuff before they invested in those tables. It would have been clear that two people with food and drinks can not fit at their "two person table."
<review# 434,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2014,5/25/2014,54,259,2,4,2>Went here for the first time recently, very impressed!  The super tacos are HUGE!  One of those is a meal in itself, they do offer smaller sized versions and even those are pretty big.  I had the chicken enchilada taco, with avocado, beans, cheese and my lady had the small nando (beans, cheese, bacon carne asada) and sinho (toasted flour tortilla, beef fajita, beans, jalapenos, and avocado) and she loved both of them.  Server made a great recommendation on those!  I can't wait to come back on a Saturday or Sunday when they have barbacoa!  Our total for our food and drinks was right around 2o bucks, a great deal.  They had a wide variety of tacos to choose from and they do offer regular plates as well.
<review# 435,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2013,5/24/2014,91,97,9,16,2>I absolutely LOOOOVE Daily's! I'm from Houston and there are beauty supply stores like on every corner but once I moved here it was hard to find a REAL beauty supply store. And by REAL I mean NOT Sally's -___-. A beauty supply store is supposed to be just that, a store that supplies beauty products like hair extensions, hair products, hair tools, makeup, and nail polish. Most importantly it has to appeal to different ethnic groups which is something I feel like Sally's is lacking but it's still a great bss. I love Daily's because they have EVERYTHING no matter what hair type you are or what preferences you have. If you are natural they have an array of products that are all amazing, relaxed girls get a whole aisle, straight hair girls get love too. The hair selection is ridonculous lol, braiding hair, yaky hair, synthetic hair, Indian hair...the list goes on and on. There's even a built in hair salon, why not just get your hair done there?There used to be a parrot in the front that actually talked to the customers that came in, no lie. My head must have exploded when I heard it say "Hello, welcome!" when I walked in, I was in utter amazement lmao. Then she later got a white dog that wore a Daily's apron that played with people in the store, cutest dog ever. The owner gives college students a discount so be sure to bring your school ID. One time I forgot my ID and the owner wasn't in, they wouldn't give me the discount even though I come in often, but whatevs.The employees are awesome, they are so helpful in assisting you on what hair to choose. Only thing they're missing is....jewelry! Even though I'm not too keen on bss jewelry, seeing poorly made plastic hoops does something for my hoodrat soul haha.
<review# 436,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2014,5/23/2014,32,247,2,7,4>I went here for a private party with my sorority yesterday afternoon and was very pleased with the service and hospitality of the staff. Our party had the outdoor patio to ourselves and the staff set up a nice buffet of tea sandwiches, fresh fruit and scones for us. Waiters constantly circulated refilling drinks and asking if there was anything we needed. The blueberry scones and strawberry butter were delicious! I also enjoyed the cucumber and jalapeno cream cheese sandwiches. I imagine that this would be a great place to enjoy lunch after enjoying the botanical gardens. Thank you to all of the staff for helping make our party a success!
<review# 437,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2014,5/22/2014,54,115,5,8,5>Yum. Yum. Yum. I love the appetizers. The selection of wine. The lovely tables outside  -perfect with excellent weather. No actual entree plates - just appetizers. The only reason for 4 instead of 5 is because they only had one waitress/server so everything took a lot longer than it should plus they allow smoking. Boooo. Nothing ruins the moment than a big wiff of someone's smoke. I enjoyed the vegetarian "entree" - everything was tasty. Will be back with friends.
<review# 438,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2014,5/21/2014,65,83,3,5,5>I hate to just join the chorus, but this place is great. I had an excellent time here, after I found the place. It's a bit hidden, but some other Yelper's have given good tips on how to find it. The drinks are thoughtful and delicious. They are priced on par with other cocktail bars, and the service is fantastic. It's a great place to meet up with some friends for an intimate time during the week, or some rowdy fun on the weekend. Recommended!
<review# 439,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2014,5/20/2014,90,93,2,6,3>Update: It's been two months since opening and this is a organized, well staffed place that cranks out some top notch food and has the people to pair it with whatever your taste buds want. Love the wine on tap for the non beer drinkers!When Tom is behind the bar the service is amazing and fun. I watched Jay get a Miller Light drinker to have a Saint Arnold Santo. Summer patio specials and beer education classes are happening now too!
<review# 440,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2014,5/19/2014,66,149,3,8,4>If you haven't visited oak haven, you must quickly find an excuse to spoil yourself & come experience a tremendous massage.Oak haven has one of the better business models I've seen. The cost is cheap $49 hour massage, they don't hassle you for a membership & they almost always have available spots. How do they make it cost effective & also don't have to get people to commit to long term contracts??? Cause there that good. You come once & after you've had a massage from the talented hands here, you'll want to come back & forget any masseur you knew before! Oak haven is a great bargain for your wallet, your time & for you health of mind & body.
<review# 441,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2012,10/8/2012,125,290,9,9,9>Like most other people, I had a hard time finding the place.  But after circling the Blue Star Complex a few times, I finally caught a glimpse of a bar and beelined for the door.  At 6:30pm on a Friday night, 1919 had a good crowd going but I still found a seat at the bar and looked over their menu.  And what a menu it was!  I've never seen a menu this jam-packed full of handcrafted cocktail goodness.  Started off with the Pimms Cup and it's probably the 2nd best I've ever had. (Sorry, but Esquire has it down to a T)  Next drink I was feeling slighlty more adventurous and went with the Q Cum Cocktail (Um, fair warning, don't google that.) which was cucumber infused gin, ginger and dill with smoked salt and pepper on the rim.  Now I'd like to think years of practice have built up my tolerance for strong alcohol but day-um.  While the flavors were amazing, that cocktail was all kinds of strong!  The bartender saw I was sipping it rather slowly (in comparison to gulping the Pimms Cup) and asked if it was okay.  Told him it was delicious but my god, the burn!  He laughed and said some of their cocktails are a little strong and brought me a water.  I wish all bartenders were this attentive!I heard some talk of a Happy Hour but didn't get the specifics.  Heck, even at full price I think 1919 is worth the trip and I'm committed to take on more of their amazing menu.  With a glass of water, just in case..
<review# 442,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2012,10/7/2012,62,187,2,4,3>Yum! Yum! and more Yum! The whole menu is a la cart, meaning you have to order everything separately. I recommend ordering the family deal for about $30. You'll get a variety of meats and 2 sides. All the meats are scrumptious and they offer 3 different bbq sauces to lather your meat in. All sides are scrumptious. Be prepared for mouth watering mac and cheese, or peachy beans. Don't forget the complimentary condiments of onions and pickles. They offer LONESTAR, and if your a fan, you know its a hard to find beverage. For the kiddos and young at heart, they serve up grape Kool-Aid. Go on an empty stomach and be prepared to stuff your face.
<review# 443,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2012,10/6/2012,20,31,4,7,6>Do I really need to add to the list of already a hundred 5 star reviews? YES I DO! This place was great. The food and atmosphere felt like I was having breakfast in the 18th century with the queen.The food was exquisite (I use that word because that's how it made me talk). You can really taste how authentic the waffles are. Everything is made from scratch and with close care. The blueberry tea was amazing and has become my favorite thing to get here. At the top there is also a gift shop where you purchase the flour mix use to make the waffles, ice cream, pastries, and bread. The price hit hard but for the scenic view and the made from scratch food was all worth it. It's an experience to go here.A quick tip I would like to add to avoid the hour to hour and a half wait. Inside there is a take out where you can order to go. If you just order you can take you food around the corner and eat at the waiting area. I hope that helps!
<review# 444,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2012,10/5/2012,18,125,3,4,5>My wife and I used to eat often at the Bangkok 54 in Washington, DC, when we lived here and found it all around solid.  So, we were happy to find its sister restaurant in S.A.  We had been meaning to come for some time but didn't get around to it until just the other day and I am sorry we didn't go until roughly two years after moving to San Antonio!Great, friendly service.  Awesome food.  I second what some of the other reviewers mentioned - the menu is a nice mix of traditional Thai dishes and some very interesting forays into more daring stuff by the chef.  All of it is very good.  I tend to compare my personal Thai restaurant experience by the Panang Curry and Bangkok 54 over-performed.Frequent this place...
<review# 445,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2012,10/4/2012,188,95,4,5,3>After watching Magnolia being featured on an episode Drive-In Diners & Dives last night, it reminded me how much I love Magnolia Pancake Haus.First of all, expect a wait time if you are coming here on a weekend. Don't get grumpy just because you smell the aroma of waffles and pancakes, you will get to enjoy them later. The staff is always helpful and really nice, always filling your coffee to the top and bringing food out as quickly as they can so you can enjoy it while it is hot.The food here is exceptional all-american brunch food. Freshly made pancakes, waffles, heck, freshly made everything distinguish MPH from every where else. My favorite is the bacon waffle, GIANT bacon bites, salty, sweet, just amazing. The bf loves the appleshitzlewhatever-is-called. A combination of apple pie and pancake all into one. How much better can it get?Whenever I am feeling some delicious comfort food, Magnolia Pancake Haus wins my heart..and my tummy!
<review# 446,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2012,10/3/2012,119,309,2,4,2>I do believe that we have found our new regular sushi place! I met my wife here for lunch earlier today. I like sushi, but if she had her way she'd eat it at least twice a week, As for me, it took me moving to Cali and having sushi out there to make me a fan of it. Now that we are here in San Antonio we were looking for our go-to sushi place. I think we found it.We walked in and were greeted by the chefs behind the counter. I looked directly in front of them at their refrigerated cases and noticed the succulent fillets, what stood out most was the deep red of the tuna sitting next to a rosy-orange salmon. My wife opted for the sushi lunch and i chose a bento. that included tempura, sushi, a tuna roll a small sliced pork katsu and rice and stir fry veg. Everything was delicious.. We also had an order of gyoza which were ok,our son sure did like them.Our service was also impeccable, and the atmosphere is very relaxing and inviting. They even have Asahi Black there which is my favorite Japanese Beer. Top it all off this place is so close to our house that we could walk there if we wanted. I think my wife and I will have to come back here on date night so we can sit at the bar and have the chefs serve us. It's really my favorite place to sit at when it comes to sushi places,
<review# 447,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2012,10/2/2012,16,103,2,6,4>You know how sometimes the first time you go to a place and you think it is the best place ever, but then you go back a second or third time and it is somehow not as good as you remembered it?  Well, that is definitely NOT the case at Ajuua!  I wanted to write an update to my original review (which you really should read!) that expresses how badly you need to eat here. Besides the fact that the food always (ALWAYS) tastes fresh and amazing, and besides the fact that every time we go we have a server that genuinely seems as if he/she wants to be there-- you can always tell a lot about a restaurant based on the ownership.During our last visit, David, the owner stopped by our table to inquire how our meals were. As always, they were incredibly tasteful, fresh tasting, and presented with care and pride. I could tell that David had a ton of pride in his restaurant, his product, and in his services.  This is something that always shows in the quality of his food, and the quality of his staff.Simply put, if you want to be treated like family, while experiencing some of the best food that San Antonio has to offer, you need to come here.  If you have eaten here before and had anything less than an amazing experience--you need to come back because that was a fluke.  They have an awesome dining space both inside and out, and (like I have said one million times) the food is absolutely top-notch.  I always gravitate to the Big Shot burrito with fajita steak and chipotle cream sauce; but I have no doubt that you cannot go wrong with whatever menu item you choose!Thank you Ajuua for astounding our taste-buds, and welcoming us into your restaurant each and every time!
<review# 448,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2012,10/1/2012,32,166,3,4,2>This is the best Chinese food I've ever had in San Antonio, and I've lived here since 1995. I ordered one of the lunch specials from the Authentic Chinese Lunch Menu, and my Crispy Mango Chicken with a side of steamed rice and 2 tiny eggrolls were all  deliciously prepared and perfectly priced at $6.95. My lunch came with a choice of soup, and I opted for my favorite, hot & sour. The soup was phenomenal--light and bright with just the right amount of egg swirled through. Service was pleasant and efficient. I will definitely be back to Kim Wah and look forward to sampling their other authentic lunch specials and another cup of that perfect hot & sour soup.
<review# 449,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2012,9/30/2012,211,179,4,6,4>Yum.  That sums it up.  Yum.  Came here this past Friday for dinner and will be back.  NATURAL.  You will hear this word ALOT on your visit, get used to it.  Not only does the menu and staff remind you they do it natural, the free writs bands they give out say so also.  Natural.  Good, you got it-moving on-Delish, custom burgers with loads of topping(s) to choose from.  Many of them free, while some premium toppings top out (pardon the pun) at about $1 each.  They also have seasonings/flavors you can add to your fries for a small charge and I do suggest you take advantage of this.  Typical set up-order at the register, take a pager with you and go sit down.  It goes *buzz buzz* you go get your food and pig out!  Veg Heads, fear not!  BurgerFi has you covered with a delish Quinoa patty (that apparently can be grilled or fried) that you can top your way as well.  Great burger place that can and will accommodate pretty much any taste or will be ideal for that group of friends that can never pick a place.  Pick here and then just worry about your own burger customization.
<review# 450,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2012,9/29/2012,12,67,2,7,6>You might want to wear a helmet while eating here, because it just might BLOW YOUR MIND!Wow.  I think it's been covered pretty well by some other reviews, but I'll give a few highlights.  You order at the counter, where we were met by the owner.  As we perused the menu and discussed what we might want to order, he asked if we like spicy food with a slight smirk on his face.  I knew then that this was going to be a good meal.  He went on to highlight some of their most popular dishes, which helped us decide.  While there were a decent number of Indian staples, we were interested in the stuff you don't find all the time.We got:Tawa KabobTawa ChickenParathaMixed pickleMango LassiFresh and tons of flavor, and plenty of spice as promised.  Both Tawa dishes had strips of jalapenos in them, but they were easy enough to avoid if you so chose (although I didn't).  But even without them, both dishes packed a punch of delicious spiciness.  The paratha was right out of the oven, with just the right oiliness.  For those in the know on the "pickle" condiments in Indian food, this one was really good.  At the last Indian place I went to, it was really salty, but the owner here assured me that his is "balanced" and I concurred.  The two main dishes were plenty of food for two of us, with a good amount left to take home!  I really wanted to try the desserts, but we'll have to come back for that.Service was friendly and had a good family-run feel to it.  His daughter was also working behind the counter and was very friendly.  Several groups of friends and families were in and out while we were there, and all seemed to be regulars who enjoyed the relaxed feel of the place.A really great dining experience.
<review# 451,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2013,3/2/2013,94,341,4,8,5>So much more than a fish monger. Gourmet treats fill the small and well thought out store front. The freezer section boasts venison, quail, escargot and other delights. The cuisine centric displays are great. Groomer's has a lot of stuff but doesn't feel cluttered or disorganized. The fish itself is delicious and fresh. If I'm making sushi, this is where I go. I trust their quality and freshness and since I'm not a fan of food poisoning, I'm pretty picky about raw fish. The great thing about the fish is that you can get as little or as much as you like. If I want a 4 oz filet, that's cool and if I want a whole huge fish, that's cool too. They pack the fish in ice and tape it up in a nice box for easy transport.
<review# 452,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2012,3/1/2013,106,165,10,14,10>Are you kidding me????Sooooo...Went to an ice house.  Saw this NEW truck. Vietnamese?  What the hell.  Went for beer, ended up with an incredibly happy stomach.Delicious, organic, local ah-mazing food.Had the Brisket Banh Mi-that shit is sicker than the Avian Flu in Asia, yo.  Bread was had nice outer crunch, soft, warm inside.  The entire filling, pickled carrots, tender, flavorful brisket, cucumber and aeoli all came finger licking together in this nice little package.Now for Singhs Wings: Chili, lime, cilantro...YEAH BUDDY!  NIce crunch on the wings and the first thing you taste is the cilantro and lime (make sure you squeeze enough of the lime on them before eating) and then, a nice, hot, spicy finish at the end.This place was a great surprise.  Looking fwd to more of their menu.BTW-met some of their staff: Clinton, great, towering, friendly, jolly guy, who told us about their mission to remain organic and local.  Shared some of the ingredients on their wings.  not only is their food great, but so is it's staff.
<review# 453,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2012,2/28/2013,24,123,3,2,2>Gotta love the General Store!Gruene is a fantastic place to visit and the general store just adds to the fun.There are a ton of things to look at and tasty treats to try. I think I have about 8 or 9 different colors of just the general store shirts! The staff are always friendly and helpful. They don't get mad at you if you keep wanting to try samples or if you want to pick up stuff and look at it.So you have to keep in mind a lot of tourist go to Gruene, especially in the summer. With all the tourist, Yes this place with get crowded! You can't expect a place like that to not be (especially during the summer!!).It's definitely worth taking a look at if your passing through!
<review# 454,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2013,2/27/2013,12,26,3,8,6>Best breakfast in San Antonio, hands down. The Cruz family is so friendly and welcoming and the food is always delicious. They were previously tenants of the Koffee Kup, just a few doors down, but have now moved on to a place of their own - Pancake Joes. I often order the waffle and have it topped with bananas and triple berry compote and a side of crispy bacon. This morning I had the ham, egg and cheddar breakfast sandwich on whole wheat toast and wow - it definitely hit the spot. I also wanted something a little sweet so I ordered the kids French toast sticks with the triple berry compote. Delicious!!! Always fresh ingredients and hot coffee - you'll feel like your eating breakfast at your parents house, and not a restaurant.
<review# 455,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2013,2/26/2013,74,65,2,4,3>Mac and cheese is phenomenal. Chicken tetrazzini is great as well.  They have an unnamed cous cous w/ basil and feta that I will be ordering more of.  My only qualm is that they don't seem to have an overwhelming organic or grass fed ideology.  I could be wrong, but that's my impression.
<review# 456,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2013,2/25/2013,5,38,3,4,3>Wow, simply amazing.  We tried the punk potatoes, they were so very delicious, I loved them, only downfall is that its really hard to STOP eating them and save room for the succulent meal that is coming.  My husband tried the Selma speed trap burger.  He was in LOVE from the moment is came to our table.  Fried egg, chicken fried bacon, burger, cheese, just all around deliciousness.  I decided to go with the patty melt, another AMAZING burger, topped with provolone, caramelized onions, and garlic mayo.  Everything was very fresh, all items are made in house.  The fries were like shoestring fries with generous seasoning, I love it when I don't have to salt my own fries.  The onion rings were perfectly cooked and crunchy.  We can't wait to go back and try more things on the menu!
<review# 457,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2012,2/24/2013,17,79,2,2,2>I had my wedding here. Brenda anmd her staff were great and very patient with me and my mother and all of our never-ending questions. Everything was great. Although, I mauy recommend a planner for day of if you hav e the ceremony at the waterfall just to help with coordination. They made recommendations for where to have the rehersakl dinner., who to use for all the different services, etc. In the end, I chose this locale for the longhorns they have on site. Just soo cute! The food wasn't superb, but was def good. I would highly recommend this place for a wedding venue.
<review# 458,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2013,2/23/2013,138,159,3,6,7>Big Bob's has now been added to my low key date night rotation. Beer, burgers and friendly service make it an always successful night.Big Bob's onion rings are the best onion rings ever! Fried to the perfect crispy-ness and size. Plus it comes with an equally amazing flavorful sauce. Really onion rings you dream about! I could probably write a whole review on just onion rings but that wouldn't be fair to all the other things that make Bog Bob's so wonderful.So besides the ahmazing onion rings Big Bob's service is just as amazing! Big Bob himself has come by the table to make sure everything was great almost every time we've been by. Everything always is and more. I am partial to the 50/50 because who doesn't love bacon? The burgers are seasoned well and cooked fittingly. Filled with your choice of toppings on a great bun and you got yourself a great tasting burger worth the trip every time!
<review# 459,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2012,2/22/2013,18,125,3,6,2>Very solid Colombian food.  We got a smattering of the appetizers as well as Arroz con Pollo and a sort of mixed plate, all were good.The location is sort of odd as the strip mall it is in pretty seedy and the outside of the restaurant is nothing to write home about, but don't let these outward appearances dissuade you from pulling the trigger and going on in.  Overall, we preferred the smattering of appetizer items we ordered more than the main dishes.  The main dishes were good but not all that memorable, which is a function much more of Colombian food itself than the restaurant.  All the empanadas we ordered were great as were the other couple items from the appetizer list.  Try a number of them - they all are great.Also, the service was great and everyone was super friendly.  All in all, if you like Colombian food, you are in luck.
<review# 460,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2012,2/21/2013,56,184,3,5,5>I don't think I would have known about or ventured to K&F if it hadn't of been for the Yelp event.  I'm sure glad we went though.The atmosphere is fun, very "austin-ish".  I love the random games... skee-ball, master buck (?), corn hole out on the patio, and tons of jenga games.The drinks were nice and strong, and the bartenders knew what they were doing.  Very prompt service, and  very friendly!   We ordered the lettuce wraps and spicy fries.  The beef on the wraps were super spicy, but oh so good as well!My only complaint would have to be that I would have no idea it was there if it wasn't for Yelp.  It was kind of hard to find, no sign off Stoneoak.
<review# 461,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2014,8/7/2014,88,178,1,7,1>Okay so granted I've only been shooting for the past 3 months or so and do not own a gun...I still feel that props should be given when props are due. Daniel M. first took me to this (somewhat remote) outdoor shooting range while teaching me how to properly shoot a pistol. First thing that I will say to newcomers to this place is that it is LOUD. I would advise people to put on ear protection before getting out of your car. They have shotgun clay shooting, rifle ranges, and a pistol range that are all separated but still in really close proximity to one another so you get the trifecta of all the shooting all at once. Again, ear protection. A few things that I was told were ideal about this range were the fact that the ranges are covered (with the exception of the shotgun range), they charge per gun, and they are open 7 days a week. I have only ever looked at pricing for the pistol range and it's $9 a gun which is pretty nice compared to paying a flat rate if you only own 1 gun and have multiple users. A few complaints that other reviewers made seem to me a little strange, but again, I've only been shooting a very short while. I will admit that they do get filled up especially on weekends and sometimes there is a wait. We've had to wait 10 minutes or so max, no biggie. There are occasional cease fires called to replace targets every so often, but they are sporadic and tend to come around whenever a new person is assigned to a booth. These never take long, maybe 2 minutes or so, but they do request that you empty your gun, take the magazine out, and step back behind a line they have drawn on the backtop while employees are down range. Beyond that, clean up after yourself (brass in the buckets) and no rapid firing (ie. no more than 1 shot per 2 seconds). Oh, and if you're being negligent while shooting or doing anything stupid on the range really, they will kick you out. All safety precautions. Even though this range is way out of the way for a lot of people it is definitely one worth checking out.
<review# 462,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2014,8/6/2014,76,65,1,3,2>We discovered this restaurant after visiting Chicho Boys as it is right down the road.  It's a small place where it seems locals and regulars eat frequently.  We were very impressed with the food and it has an "off the beaten path" cozy feel.    Hours are 6 a.m. -  2 p.m.  (Breakfast and Lunch Only).  Their breakfast looks good too but we haven't tried it.  CASH ONLY!
<review# 463,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2014,8/5/2014,192,81,4,7,6>Attention San Antonio please keep Hogwild open FOREVER! I have been a happy customer since about 2004. Recently, I was in a shopping complex that had a Best Buy and I had a list of about seven CDs and I thought they are just the place I need. Sadly,  they decided to shrink their selection to one aisle so I had zero luck. You are probably thinking "did she just say CD?". YES, my name is Marisa and I buy CDs. I do realize that you can visit this thing called Amazon but Amazon doesn't have the friendliest staff that is always ready to: 1. Help you look for what you need2. Order anything you couldn't find3. Doesn't charge you shipping4. Gets it within 5 days5. Chat with you about anything 6. Always have you walking out happy even if you didn't buy anything.
<review# 464,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2014,8/4/2014,25,27,2,8,2>AMAZING*****If you are looking for a great gym with a lot of options and awesome trainers/owners this is it.  I have been trying to find a gym that offers a variety of classes for my schedule...i work...i cannot attend a late morning/early afternoon class.  It seems like most of the gyms in New Braunfels cater to that.  Fitness Lab offers all kinds of classes starting at 5 am, and late afternoon classes.Every class I have taken (yay Spinning) has had an awesome, motivating instructor that really makes the class worth your time.Next-Fitness Lab Crossfit :)  Burke is amazing and i highly recommend you check out this gym (box) if you are thinking about Crossfit.  Everyone is so positive and Burke is an awesome Coach who won't let you hurt yourself while trying to acheive whatever results you are looking for.Great Coaching-Great Owners-Great people-i almost forgot-daycare!  With Wi-Fi!  They have seperate rooms for older and younger kids-my 7 & 10 year old actually enjoy coming to the gym with me finally :)
<review# 465,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2014,8/3/2014,47,160,5,4,3>I recently started vaping as opposed to using tobacco...some say this might be switching seats on the Titanic, others may say it's less harmful.  I will say that in my limited experience, you are better off dealing with a specialty shop if you are going to try this.  There is such an unbelievable amount of options...from devices to liquids, coils, tanks, etc., etc..  I was at lunch and noticed Stogies so I popped on in.  The owner was present, and apologized for not being "really" open, but was willing to help me however he could.  Even though they aren't fully set up, I think they had 120 hand made flavors available?  Monkey Bread, Apple Pie, Fruits, Chocolate...the list is extensive.  I was able to try anything I wanted, and the flavor/quality was evident immediately.  They had everything you would need now, but I know they are getting even more.  Looking forward to my next trip.
<review# 466,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2014,8/2/2014,89,232,4,4,3>This is a GREAT place if you have younger children. My son is 1.5yrs old and most children's museums have a small section dedicated to younger kids, but then most of it is for slightly older kids. This place though was perfect for my son. There was so much for him to do there. Usually we are in and out of children's museums because like I said, they don't cater to very small children, but we were at this one for a couple hours or so!
<review# 467,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2014,8/1/2014,106,156,4,15,5>Having just moved to the city recently, I know very little about the best salons and such. I'd been going to another Indian place (which also had great reviews), except I was paying double the price that I paid here at Rishi's. Thanks to Nina C.'s review, however, I was able to find this place and loved it very much.The exterior is a little old, filled with an Indian grocery store, a Thai restaurant and some other smaller shops; Rishi's is located at the back of the building, which has plenty of parking space. For anyone interested, you open the door and walk into a Indian clothing store, then go straight in to the salon. When I went, there were 3 people ahead of me, and while I was there, at least 5 others also came (mostly for eyebrows, but I heard a couple make appointments for facials, as well!).So, I consider eyebrow threading to be some crazy form of torture for simply being a woman, which means it's very important for me to be comfortable with the person doing my eyebrows. The lady who worked on mine, Samira, was absolutely perfect! She has a very light touch, so I barely felt any pain, and she was also very nice, so that's always a plus. She said I could make an appointment ahead of time if I ever needed (she works Friday-Sunday during their normal business hours), or walk-ins are just fine.3 things to note:1) The place is clean and sanitary, especially for waxing and facials.2) It's open until 8 p.m. Monday through Thursday, until 9 p.m. on Fridays and Saturdays, and until 7 p.m. on Sundays. The later hours rock!....3) IT'S SO CHEAP! $5 for eyebrows is an amazing deal; most of their prices are around 30%, if not more, off regular prices you'd find elsewhere.Satisfied, I am.
<review# 468,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2014,7/31/2014,62,40,1,8,4>What can I say about this fabulous place?  yuuuuum.  That pretty much sums it up.  The staff is awesome.  Called to make reservations for a birthday dinner and they were more than patient, helpful and accommodating.  They helped me decide on some small plates to set the stage for the dinner, gave us the best seat in the house (on the patio infront of the fire), created the perfect ambiance.   Dewayne and the general manager Kathryn were above and beyond.  And did I mention the food was amazballs?!?!?! You cant go wrong here but I will recommend a few things for you.  We had EVERYTHING.  The lemongrass chicken, the beef (ribeye) and broccoli, combo fried rice, papaya salad, deviled eggs, shrimp rolls, wood cooked sticky ribs, spicy chicken wings, edamame, souped up ramen, brisket, and I think thats it...lol... *****Go for the deviled eggs no doubt.  Something you will NOT regret.  The shrimp rolls are absolutely cooked perfectly and the ribs fall off the bone.  The beef was a perfectly seasoned medium rare and the chicken was delish.  We couldn't stop raving about it.  Wasnt as crazy about the rest, I could have it or not, but those were my favs!  Oh, and I dont eat Ramen, but I have to admit, I am eating my sons left overs at this very moment. And who doesnt like fire, beautiful lighting, and some great tunes?  Even heard a lil 2pac!  Totally not stuffy.  I would compare it to Stonewerks or maybe Kona. Dont take my word for it...go...see for yourself.(Tip: happy hour is 1/2 off bottles of wine and cheaper dishes).
<review# 469,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2014,7/30/2014,214,109,3,3,2>BBQ is great. Iced tea is sweet. Bobby G is so so nice. He made sure to shake our hand on the way out. While we were ordering, a girl with a bit of an attitude came in and wanted french fries ASAP. It was an odd request that he handled with "I'll be right with you after I finish with this customer."We will be back again and again!
<review# 470,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2014,7/29/2014,175,175,1,7,5>Let's get straight to the point here: This is the perfect spot to study, but under few circumstances. 1. You must be able to tolerate some chatters. It's usually pretty quiet and you'll have the background music playing (usually oldies or modern rock), but everyday between the times 10am - 1pm, there's a crowd. But no worries, I always come up with solutions. Earphones and Pandora. Get you some. 2. Be an early bird. They close at 6pm everyday, and at 3pm on Sundays. So if you're one of those people that likes to sleep in and begin studying in the afternoon, you should probably go to Local Coffee or something. You're gonna get kicked out.3. Cubicles. There are 4 in the back. Come early and grab one-- it's THE spot to study. Comfortable chairs, power outlets behind the desk, SPACIOUS desk. I need all of my study materials laid out a certain way before I can begin studying. It's not OCD, go away. Just kidding, keep reading.4. The coffee is average. I would actually suggest Local Coffee if you've come for GOOD coffee. Olmos' Chai Latte, on the other hand, is delicious. My go-to drink is in-house Dirty Tiger Chai (2 shots). 5. Military discount! And a pretty good one, at that. Don't remember the exact percentage. 6. Get the Olmos balance card if you're a frequent visitor. You just might get a free drink one day! Okay, so it kind of veered into random tips after #4, but you get the gist. To sum it up- come here to study, grab a cubicle, and order a Chai Latte.
<review# 471,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2011,6/7/2012,383,299,16,16,16>Pho Cong Ly is the same place as Taste of Asia for all of you who don't know that. Being from Houston and living on Bellaire, I thought I would never find a satisfying Pho place in San Antonio. Well, now I have safe a haven to eat my pho when I'm in SA.The pho broth here is flavorful and has a fresh taste to it. It's not the best pho I've ever had but it does suffice my cravings for my favorite Vietnamese soup. The pho here is very comforting and they are very generous with the meat portion in the soup. The vermicelli bowls here are also very satisfying with generous portions. Now on to my favorite thing about this place. The deep fried spring rolls are out of this world! It is SO delicious. The spring rolls are served with lettuce and fish sauce for dipping. WOW. The crispy textures of the spring roll and lettuce (wrap around the roll) and then dipped into the fish sauce is perfection. From what I hear, its some kind of beer batter they use for the spring rolls. Whatever it is, it is the BEST spring rolls I've had out of all the Asian restaurants in Austin, Houston, and San Antonio. Ergo, Pho Cong Ly - give yourself a round of applause for dishing out this fried goodness.
<review# 472,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2012,6/6/2012,94,341,1,4,3>BF is a meat eater-I'm talking meat at every meal type of meat eater. So when he suggested we grab brunch at Green, I was surprised. The place has a great look and feel to it. The crowd was a wide mix of folks who I suspect live in the area like us. The service was awesome.The brunch menu looked great. We opted for the lunch menu. I ordered the grilled falafel burrito with red onion, spinach and tomatoes and a side of sweet potato fries,BF got the falafel plate with Kale salad and quinoa. He loved every single thing on his plate and proclaimed that we should work this place into our regular restaurant rotation. Both of our meals were very, very delicious. The fries were so good with a dusting of salt and chili powder. The falafel was well cooked and filling. I only ate half my burrito. It was just too much food. We will be going back again for sure and we have both agreed to be a little more adventurous next time.
<review# 473,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2012,6/5/2012,242,220,7,9,10>I pulled up to Buc-ee's and the same butterflies I felt when I saw the Epcot center in Disney World resurfaced! This massive gas station is a road trip oasis. Driving on IH-10,most of the time to Houston or Galveston, stoping at the location there is a tradition. Whatever you can think of that you need for a long or weekend vacation, you will find it at this gas station. Plenty of parking, clean restrooms, 50,000 gas pumps to get you back on the road in no time. Construction of this IH-35 location began about a year ago, and I'm happy it finally opened for business as of yesterday! The summer is here and tourist have began to arrive. This is the perfect place to shop no matter what type of tourist you're. If you will be headed to New Braunfels for Schlitterbahnn Water Park and the rivers, stock up on ice, ice chest, Cheese, Beef Jerky, Beer. Buc-ees has a deli featuring different meats, jerky, cheeses, and to-go meals and desserts. Tourist heading to Canyon Lake will have a place to refuel and buy last minute items. If are here to shop and headed out to the Outlet Mall this is the spot to stock up on souvenirs of anything "Texas Made" from Cole Slaw dressing, Fredericksburg Peach Preserves,Quail Eggs in Vinegar, T-shirts, Magnets, Cowboy Hats etc. I'm looking forward to stopping in on my way to San Marcos and Austin, TX. Before leaving I had to try their SLICED BEEF SANDWICH located in their to-go BBQ section. They also offer Pulled Pork and Sausage on a Stick! The Brisket was cooked to perfection topped off with Onions, Pickles and BBQ Sauce on a Warm Burger Bun! Grab yourself a bag of BEAVER NUGGETS, some ICED TEA and you will have the full Buc-ees experience!***Note to the owners, please sell plastic, reusable coolers. The styrofoam ones offered have been banned from all rivers.
<review# 474,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2012,6/4/2012,1439,1280,12,10,11>I almost cried.  No, for real.  Please pass the tissue because I'm about to cry again.  Oh good Lord...I had a hankering for some food truck foodstuffs and since it's been awhile since my last visit, I noticed there were different trucks available (well, only one or two I recognized).  So I told myself... I said, "Self... we should take a look at some other foods available in the area.  I'm not really in the mood for any pies."  So I initially passed them up.  I went to another cart and just could not decide on what I wanted.  I ended up back at the Spice Runner.  I asked the girl what the South African Braised Beef was.  She said it was a slow cooked beef that was marinated and cooked with spices such as cinnamon and curry.  Ok, so I'm game.  But wait, no more pies...??  She tells me the sandwiches are just as good.  They come with cilantro, carrots, onions, etc... before she could finish, I'd already told her 'yes'.  Come on with it!!!!!There was a unique marriage of flavors and all of it was harmonious.  With the first bite, I was in awe at just how good this sandwich was.  It was at times, hard to handle but the mess was worth everything.  I found myself picking around for any scraps after I was done!  I have to say that I've been craving this gem all week - I even went back on Sunday to see if they were open for dinner and they were closed.  Damn, I think I'm gonna cry again now...
<review# 475,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2011,6/3/2012,23,140,5,3,4>Honky Tonk for $500, Alex! This place is your typical country bar. It is always a good time. There is usually a live band and I have never been when they charge cover because I don't think they ever charge. The drinks are very reasonable, alot cheaper that most places theses days... I have been a few times when there was a line so if you do anything, make sure you get there early. The dance floor is pretty big and there are always people out there dancing. If you are looking for a Texas style good time check this place out!
<review# 476,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2011,6/2/2012,117,187,6,9,3>A brand new place off Stone Parkway & Hardy Oak, probably one of the more authentic  and easily one of the most flavorful and hospitable places in the area.  Everything tastes fresh and is made with care and pride, which is hard to come on this side of town.As others have mentioned, it is BYOB.  The food is very reasonably priced and the selection is good, also, if it's not on the menu, the chef is usually more than happy to make it for you (like kimchi fried rice).  The owner also makes her rounds to ensure everything is good.  Very good and genuine customer service.So far every dish i've either ordered or sampled has been fantastic.  The spicy tuna is among the best I've had anywhere, the bento boxes are a great deal,the bee bim bop is spot on (but if you want the egg, you do have to ask for it...don't worry, it's free), and the bulgogi is very hearty and flavorful.  I will be trying more of the sushi (hand rolls and sashimi) in my next trips to the restaurant."But Matt, why should we take your word on what constitutes good Korean food and/or sushi?" one might ask, well, you all already know i'm a sushi snob, and if you didn't know, I'm a sushi snob.  This place serves the fish at the proper temperature, the rice is properly cooked and rolled/formed, and the fish taste like it should (fresh).  As for the Korean food, my mother-in-law is Korean, my aunt is Korean, my wife is half-Korean, and my brother tried to make his own kimchi once when we were growing up (that didn't work out so well, but I digress).  The point being, I've had the pleasure of being around this cuisine off-and-on for a great majority of my entire life, most of the time homemade, and this place can hold it's own, probably b/c most of it IS homemade/handmade, even the kim chi.So, if you're tired of Americanized sushi a la Zushi Sushi (gross) or any of the other standard faire eateries on this side of town, the I implore you to give this place a try.  The food is a strong 4-stars on it's own, which I expect to improve as they find their "stride" (they've only been open a month as of this review) and the hospitality pushes it to beyond the yelp! Imposed 5-star limit.The good:+ great good at good prices, very generous sushi roll portions+ good mix of authentic and modern dishes+ customer service and genuine care of what they sell/make+ trendy interior+ good hours+ lunch specials (soon)Food for thought:- needs "dining music", a little ambiance music never hurt anybody ;-)- needs to advertise more, place this good need to stick around
<review# 477,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2012,5/31/2012,88,178,2,9,4>So I absolutely adore everything about this place. The owner Raul is one of the most warm, easy to talk to guys I've ever met and he truly cares about giving his customers the best experience that he possibly can. Although he just opened up Boxcar a month or so ago I see a very bright future for him and his business. The ice cream itself is actually hand-crafted in Fredericksburg, TX at Clear River Pecan Co. and transported to San Antonio in small batches. Literally every ice cream flavor you try is life changing. My personal favorite is the mexican vanilla in a milk chocolate and coconut dipped cone. Sure, to someone that  hasn't had Boxcar Creamery's mexican vanilla it may seem boring, but it's actually won national awards. I am so glad to finally have some Texas made gourmet ice cream instead giving my money to the other (far less worthy) competitors. This is my go to place when I need my ice cream fix. At the moment Boxcar is CASH ONLY so  make sure to swing by an ATM first!
<review# 478,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2012,5/30/2012,125,290,14,9,12>I have been on a roll with amazing burgers lately.  First, I fell in love all over again with Chris Madrid's.  Then, Luke's burger blew my mind and now, Attaboy burgers has taken the top spot!  Went by at midnight on a Friday and asked the Chef, "What's this truck's specialty?"  He first gave me an option of vegetarian or beef.  Sorry Chef, didn't mean to laugh in your face when I said, "Vegetarian?!" but I'm a meat-eating gal..  He recommended the Burger of the Day which was a beef burger with Prosciutto, Irish cream cheese topped with a fried egg.  Oh and on a freshly made bun.  After wrapping my head around how damn delicious this burger was going to be I nodded my head and gave the man my money.8 - 10 minutes later, I was making out with this burger.  That first bite?  Ohmygoshhowcananythingbethisgood.  My friends told me I said, "I wanna join this religion" while pointing at the burger and while I don't remember this, I don't doubt it..
<review# 479,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2011,5/29/2012,38,493,1,4,1>Great food, great service and pleasant surroundings.  Can't go wrong if you're looking for a casual place for bugers, salads, paninis or beer!Tycoon Flats doesn't look like much from the outside--and it really doesn't look like much from the inside, but it is clean and comfortable.  They have a fine beer selection.  Our burger was very good, fries were tasty, the salads were fresh and the home-made dressings were very good. (The blue cheese dressing was a little runny, but the blue cheese chunks were mighty tasty.)Service was very friendly--I might even say exceptionally friendly. The server asked if we liked the beers, inquired if we had enough salad dressing, was concerned that we enjoyed the burger and generally was about as attentive and nice as he could be.The patio looks nice.  We ate indoors, but the spacious patio has fans, picnic tables and a place for the kids to play.  We'll be back to check out the music outside!
<review# 480,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2011,5/28/2012,44,42,7,4,5>BRING THE CATS BACK!!! I love this little bookstore! However I hate the fact that they are no longer allowed to keep the cats inside the store! San Antonio told them to 86 the friendly little furballs ) ; however they still have a stellar selection of used books! Every possible category accounted for!... Well maybe not "every" category but they also have a good variety of old retro/antique books and the smell of the inside pages is worth the price alone. Also they have tons of used DVDs and VHS tapes as well so if you're like me and still collect movies to watch movies on your VCR then that alone will be a good reason to frequent nine lives, tons of great titles! They even have a small rack of used but cool clothes (i found a cool retro 80's NASA shirt here for a ridiculously cheap price). So turn off that video game, stop watching Justin Bieber on tv and go find yourself a good book!!! It's time for a reading revival and nine lives book store has books so cheap you can purr about it all the way to your favorite reading chair. P.s. Meow.
<review# 481,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2014,5/18/2014,25,62,3,9,7>I had the grand opening circled on my calendar. I was immediately welcomed upon entering. I went in to get three dark chocolate breads and they were out. One of the kind gentlemen at the front called one of the owners who said he would have three dark chocolate breads ready in one hour. I was pleasantly surprised, that when I went back an hour later, I was greeted and the three breads were packaged and ready for me. It was super busy, with a lot going on for a grand opening and the owners took time to explain the process they use to make their breads..I and everyone there were made to feel welcomed. I also got a concha and it was great! Light, airy bread with a sweet covering. Not like our traditional pan de huevos that we are accustomed to in SA. Two of the dark chocolate breads were given to my son's teachers...they both called later in the day to gush over how delicious the bread was. One teacher said she 'couldn't wrap her head around a dark chocolate bread without thinking of it like a cake, but once she tried it, she was in heaven'. La Panaderia will definitely be in my weekly rotation of places to stop at and pick up a lil treat to bring back home...and per the teachers...the apple has been replaced by dark chocolate bread.
<review# 482,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2013,5/17/2014,89,86,3,6,5>Bakery Lorraine is divine. I wish I could wake up to their tasty goods everyday. After trying macarons for the first time (and being blown away) several years back when visiting my brother in Seattle, I've been looking for a place here on and off for a while. Imagine colorful "cookies" that LOOK like they were made for kids but TASTE like they were made for (the refined) adult. ;)Bakery Lorraine is the hot girl who doesn't quite realize she's hot yet. All of their macaron flavors have been nothing short of delicious. The outer texture has a soft shell that easily breaks upon slightest contact with teeth and the delicious center squashes out both sides in creamy glory. Every macaron I've tried has been accurate to its intended flavor and I feel they make pretty creative choices at times. Kudos.The sticky buns and chocolate croissants here are awesome as well. Sweet enough to satiate but not overly sweet like other places in SA. I have not tried their sandwiches yet but I look forward to doing so. They make a solid hot chocolate made with real chocolate too, not that cheap powdered stuff. That substantial dose of rich quality chocolate compliments literally any of their baked goods. These folks have got it going on in in every way and everyone else seems to know it but them. They're very cool, down-to-earth and unassuming. And THAT is one of the many reasons why I love this place and will continue to come here for years to come.  As Stephen already suggested, get a 6 pack (or more) of macarons to try if you've never had them before and be sure to mix it up. You will not regret it!
<review# 483,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2014,5/16/2014,82,258,4,8,6>The unfussy charm of the place is what drags you in and the food (and fries! OMG the fries!) is what keeps you coming back. Throw in a few impressive wait staff who manage to walk directly to your table with laser like precision, somehow spotting the tiny T-Rex you have been given as your marker, and it becomes a fun place to hang.The flavors are well composed, but the execution can be messy.  Take the tico for example : this is a torta with ham, cheese, a black bean schmear and a fried plantain and generous dabs of mayo.  The plantain takes it well into caribbean territory and the whole thing works very well flavorwise with the salty porky goodness of the ham nicely countered by the mild sweetness of the plantain....but it is a whole plantain in a tiny but, eating this results in food drips on clothing, stuff squirting out the sides like a squeeze bottle gone crazy! A simple fix would be to press the plantain down after frying before insertion into the sandwich to make to better and easier eating.  The tofu bahn mi was a really nicely constructed bahn mi, but the flavors of the tofu were inconsistent.  Really good once and quite unflavored another time. The fries are ridiculously good fries, deep brown crispy outside and fluffy on the inside.  Dipped in special sauce, which I can best describe as a tzaziki but with mayo instead of yogurt, they sure make for great eating.The desserts are good, but not great, though the salted caramel pudding did strive for greatness in a disposable cup.All in all definitely a place to put on the downtown rotation when wandering in those parts.  Oh and don't forget the nice list of beers and wines....its a party spot for sure.
<review# 484,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2014,5/15/2014,106,156,2,8,4>This is definitely a nice mom'n'pop place (even though it doesn't sound it) to try out, especially if you live in the area. The food was great, and it's run by a husband and wife team and they're delectable to speak to!We ended up deciding on takeout from this place in a weeknight. I'd read good reviews about this place when looking into a nicer restaurant to eat at, so I remembered wanting to try this place, so we finally did.I was starving, so I went a little crazy ordering the following: red curry, basil fried rice and pad thai. Chicken on everything. I found the food to be a little on the pricey side, but I suppose it felt pricier since I was getting takeout rather than eating there. My total came out to be around $33 for 3 dishes.Anyway, we stuck to a 3 (on a 4-scale) for the spiciness level. The food was spicier than I've had at other Thai places in the city, but still not spicy enough for my palette, so hot oil and sriracha were added to the mix.Everything I ordered was great. It was freshly made (they were packed inside when I went, with both dine-in and takeout orders), well-spiced and tasted just really good! Also, the quantity was out of this world.I'd definitely get takeout from here again. Actually, I'd also dine-in. It's a very clean place, plus I'd really like to try out the sushi.
<review# 485,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2014,5/14/2014,24,25,4,10,6>Let me just start by saying: everyone should be eating here!  This is one of the more interesting meals you'll find in San Antonio, and in a just universe there'd be a line of people waiting to get in. The food here encompasses a range of flavors and textures unlike anything I've tried before. Bring an open mind, set aside any expectations you have about "Chinese food" and order something interesting!Please note that this is spicy food, but not in the immediate way that fresh chilis can make Tex-Mex hot, nor with the sweet-searing intensity of Thai food. Sichuan food seems to showcase the smoky, winey complexity of dried chilis against a complex and fragrant backdrop of other spices (star anis and Sichuan peppercorn at least, but other stuff I can't quite figure out).  This food unabashedly places savory and salty flavors front and center.In no particular order, I'd recommend dan dan noodles, bang-bang chicken, sesame balls, Chengdu style dumplings, Sichuan style wontons, crispy chicken with three chili, smoked pork with garlic leek, crispy pork intestine with three chili, stir-fried lamb with spicy sauce and cumin, and ma po tofu.  My absolute favorite is the smoked duck with ginger.  It's a bit of an outlier, featuring neither heaps of dried chilis nor the soulful, funky chili-oil-sauce-magic that lights up many other dishes on the menu.  In fact, there's not much to it at all: smoked duck sliced thin and stir-fried with leeks and lots of finely julienned fresh ginger.  Of course, I'd probably eat smoked duck directly out of a dumpster -- it's basically duck bacon, people! But this combination is a little bit magical.  The leeks bring a bright and crispy note to a dish that might otherwise be monochrome and monotextural, but the ginger is what really makes it pop.  That fresh, hot ginger flavor contrasts so perfectly with the deep, fatty smokiness of the duck...I don't know what else to say about this except "total mouth party".It falls short of five stars because the service is spotty.  I've never had rude or unpleasant service, but sometimes it's a bit perfunctory, which is odd considering that it's never very busy.  I see a lot of reviews here that have made a huge deal about listed dishes not being available.  I've run into that myself a few times, but I honestly don't think it's that big of a deal.  It happens occasionally at any non-McDonalds restaurant.So try Sichuan Cuisine!  They have plenty of recognizable Chinese-American standards on the menu, so the less-adventuresome among your party won't feel too lost, but this is heaven for adventurers looking to try something off the beaten path.
<review# 486,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2014,5/13/2014,28,94,4,5,3>This place is a great find on the RiverWalk!I noticed a fair number of poor reviews because of the service.  Perhaps because it was a slow night, perhaps because I was lucky, or perhaps because those others were unlucky, but I didn't have an issue.  We sat in the booth across from the bar, and ordered at the bar.  The barkeeps were good, the food came out fast, and everyone was affable.The food was fantastic.  Yelp lists this place as a "sports bar," Esquire self-describes itself as a "gastropub," but I'll just call it "an awesome place to eat great food at great prices."  We had chili salt fries ($6), waffle chips with texas onion dip ($5), a jalapeno bean burger ($10), and pulled pork empanada ($12), and finished off with a fried apple pie a la mode and bourbon caramel sauce.  Yes, there were only two of us.  Don't judge.  All of the food was just tasty and flavorful.  I was really impressed.  And if you consider the prices, it has to be the steal of SA.The drinks are equally praiseworthy.  A Moscow Mule, Bourbon Sour, and a Bees Knees (all around $9-10) were fantastic.  Some people aren't into mixologists, and think it's silly to see someone labor over a drink - measure the gin, smack the herb, drip it over a spoon... These are people are likely to order a Jack/Coke or Long Island Ice Tea.  No offense, as I've ordered these drinks, too...when I was in college.  I liked how deliberate and attentive they are in each drink.  $10 may be a bit steeper for a drink, especially in SA - but I think there is value in it.Esquire might be our new go-to down in the Riverwalk.
<review# 487,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2013,5/12/2014,104,119,3,4,3>Our passenger side window decided to go on vacation and not roll back up on one of the coldest, rainiest weekends in SA.  It was no fun driving with all this cold wind rushing inside, and my car lost major style points with duct tape and a clear plastic bag while parked.  We found great reviews on Yelp for R N R, so we took our car in to see if they could just put me window up until we ordered any parts that were necessary, and until we came back from vacation.  R N R took care of the problem in about 5 minutes...so we'll definitely be coming back to get the regulator fixed!  The customer service was top-notch and they have a cool collection of vintage typewriters and office furniture in their lobby.  All in all, we're glad to have found R N R and highly recommend them!
<review# 488,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2014,5/11/2014,277,210,3,5,3>A perfect day in late February saw us doing the Mission trail, and good luck had us start at Espada -- with its quiet, rural setting, there is still a sense of history rather than a "tourist site."  There were very few other people there, no buses, no busy tourists, very much a feeling of respect for sacred space and for the living and the pain that had touched the grounds.  Others have described the quiet beauty of the little chapel, still very much a working church.  Franciscans live on the grounds, one of whom is a master gardener and his handiwork shows even now in late winter.  Not much by way of museum -- if you want that, head on to San Juan where a great film awaits.  But for me, this is the Mission to which I will return.
<review# 489,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2014,5/10/2014,60,127,9,9,10>I had Burger King last week. It tasted like a cardboard box. The lettuce tasted like wilted paper, the tomato was a mushed red blob, the meat and the bun essentially combined to form a guilt filled mass of what some people call food. (Ok, I'm one of those 'some people'...sometimes). To fix this mistake in life, I give you Rocket's Feed. I called in an order to Rocket's Feed because sometimes the wait can be long. I asked if they have a mushroom Swiss burger on the menu, they don't, but she said they could make it. Yesssssss! She put the biggest fat kid smile on my face. The buns are kind of sweet and definitely add to the goodness of their burgers. There were real grilled onions, real sautéed mushrooms, real cheese and real 'merican meat.  Way to find the yin to my Burger King yang.
<review# 490,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2014,5/9/2014,175,175,5,9,5>Let me just preface this review by saying the neighborhood is a tiiiiiiiiiny bit sketchy, but don't let that deter you from this awesome Thai restaurant. Don't look around, don't worry about what that guy's doing over there in the street, don't slow down to see how long that building has been abandoned, just find Thai Dee, find parking, lock your door (twice), and walk in the restaurant. Speaking of parking--- there's a small parking lot in front of the restaurant, but it's usually full, especially on busy days (weekends, dinners, busy lunch), but there's always street parking available near the restaurant. Small restaurant, but because the service is super fast, you won't wait too long. Unless you have an unusually large group- then you might want to call ahead. They'll clean those tables so fast & efficiently, you won't even remember the people that just sat there. And the service! So prompt, so friendly, -- I mean, as soon as one of my friends dropped a fork, one of the servers handed her a new fork right away (SECONDS). It's like she knew that fork was going to fall on the floor at that second. I know. So! Things we ordered: Spring Rolls, Crab Ragoons, Red Curry (with tofu), Pad Thai (with chicken), Massaman Curry (with beef), and Spicy Noodles (with chicken). Spring Rolls are a little different from what you would get at a Vietnamese/Pho restaurant- the paper wrapping was thicker/not clear, but nevertheless, delicious and fresh! Crab Ragoons were nice & big, fried perfectly. Red Curry--- ohhhh my- let me tell you about my Red Curry. Full of flavor, perfectly spicy, LOTS of contents (lack of a better word, sorry): Lots of tofu, lots of bamboo shoots (LOVE bamboo shoots), lots of other veggies. My friends thoroughly enjoyed their dish as well. One of my friends even commented this Pad Thai was the best she's ever had. Sweet/quaint family owned business tucked away on Blanco Rd- it's definitely worth trying. Hopefully they will expand!
<review# 491,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2010,3/25/2011,69,69,1,3,1>It's very good. It's not the best Napoletana pizza I've had (coming from the New Haven, Connecticut area originally sort of spoils one in the this regard)....but it's good... certainly the best pizza I've had in Texas (which admittedly isn't saying very much.(Note: The very similar Punch pizza in the Twin Cities was a bit cheaper and I'd say marginally better tasting). I'm not sure how much longer I'll be based in San Antonio but I imagine I'll be back at Dough at least once or twice more in the coming months.I had a light Bluebonnet Farms salad (a very nice balsamic based dressing too), a pancetta pizza (very good if a bit too salty and the crust wasn't as charred as I had hoped), and 2 glasses of a very exceptional Italian red wine blend (it was medium dry - like a very light Cabernet). The service is very good. It was a bit expensive (pizza, salad, plus 2 glasses of wine = about 50 dollars, pre-tip). Admittedly, I didn't get the cheapest of wines. Anyway, I'd recommend it to anyone who wants pizza in South Texas that doesn't taste like cardboard.
<review# 492,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2011,3/24/2011,24,81,1,1,1>For a while now my brother has been raving about Tong's and I kept telling myself I had to check it out.  I recently had dinner there and I was not disappointed!  I tried their fresh spring rolls, the Thai Grilled Combo and the Special Beef.  The spring rolls were awesome.  The grilled combo was really great too.  And the Special Beef was so freakin' delicious!  It really, really was fantabulous.  It has a bit of a sweet taste to it, so it started to get overwhelming towards the end, but it was so totally worth it!  The staff at Tong's is nice too - we were greeted as we came in and as we left and our waiter was attentive, helpful and friendly.  I also enjoyed the atmosphere, the lighting, the small rooms; it was all very intimate and I really like that in a food establishment.  I don't know what took me so long to finally try this place out; and now that I know what I was missing, it's safe to say it won't be very long before my next visit.
<review# 493,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2010,3/23/2011,116,50,4,7,7>I CANNOT believe B&Ds doesn't have a review!  San Antonio Yelpers - for shame!!  I don't care if it's because you were too busy drinking across the street at Liberty Bar or Friendly Spot to have even noticed this diamond in the rough.  Just promise me you'll check it out next time you are in King William.Here's why:1) Super cheap beer.  Beer is pretty much your only option, but usually they have Lone Star and Tecate for $1.50.  Ice cold.  Gimme.2) All atmosphere, all the time.  B&Ds, whose hours are sort of scattershot,  really does resemble a run-down, one-room house (shack?), but that just encourages the intimacy and friendliness of the spot.  The owner/operator/all-around cool dude is named Bruno (The B - haven't figured out the D yet), and he is a hoot, cracking jokes the whole time and basically making you feel like a regular from the moment you walk in.Speaking of regulars, this place has plenty of them, and the crowd is diverse.  The only thing the patrons appeared to have in common was a lack of pretense, which I can always get behind.A fond memory - after ordering my Tecate I requested a lime:Bruno: "Oooh, I don't know if that's a good idea."  Me:  "Why not"B: "I dont think they're fresh."Me: "Well, can I see?"B: Brings out large rubbermaid tub and removes lid, only to display wilted brown limes.  A lone fly escapes.Me: "Yeah, I'm good"Somehow, at B&Ds, this was not gross, just awesome.  Karaoke was fun, decor was perfectly kitschy, and all was right with the world.
<review# 494,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2010,3/22/2011,117,143,6,9,6>This little pizza shop has been a St. Mary's University hidden treasure since 2004.Run by an Italian native (Naples to be specific) who is very obviously a San Antonio Spurs fan, the trio combo is where it's at: salad, pizza, and a soda for $5.25.The owner, Giuseppe, runs this one-man-shop and is happy to share his love for delicious fresh food with the world from this little hole-in-the-wall on Hillcrest.If you've ever gone into a restaurant, enjoyed the food and the company, and then wished that you had one of these restaurants on every corner in your city, then you know exactly how I feel about Sappore's. But take my advice: don't come here looking for the usual Papa Cesar's or Little Hut pan pizza. You're not here for the mass-marketed stuff, this pizza is fresh, Napolitan style and made to order. So don't think you're going to walk in and pick up a 4 or 5 hour old pizza as you're driving home. Call in your order and time your trip, it's worth it!A word to the wise: they close at 3pm and reopen at 5pm, so if you can wait until 1pm or 1:30pm for lunch you'll miss the lunch rush and have a place to sit in the cozy Sappore's Pizza.Ciao!
<review# 495,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2010,3/21/2011,168,80,2,2,4>Swig is swanky!  Fun location... we enjoyed sitting out on the patio area overlooking the Riverwalk, but there was plenty of space inside too.  The drinks were good, but small and pricey.  I guess that's to be expected though on the Riverwalk. The staff was friendly and knowledgable about the drinks on the menu.  Bonus, I found a lucky penny on the way out the door... a sign I should return for more drinks and more good times in the future!
<review# 496,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2010,3/20/2011,285,293,3,6,5>This was originally going to be a 4 star review, but then I discovered something amazing - their wines.Burgers are everything you've heard - messy, greasy, delicious, and, if you get the right toppings, amazing. I got one dirty, with cheddar, bacon and avocado on it. The egg presents some problems when it's broken and the yolk gets everywhere, but that's a hazard of eggs.When you get regular size fries, you get to pick two sauces for free. They have some crazy ones here. I had the ginger lime ketchup and chipotle mayo. The ketchup was delicious and not overly gingery.But the wine! Oh, the wine. They sell wines by the glass and bottle, lots of great wines, wines you usually see retail for $14 and up. And their wines by the bottle are only $17! So they're selling them for only a couple bucks more than retail!Ok, maybe that's not a big deal to you, but I usually see wines sold in restaurants for a 200% markup. So when places sell good wines for close to the retail price, I am a fan. A loyal fan.
<review# 497,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2010,3/19/2011,211,97,5,5,2>Still loving my Facelogic facials. I am also still allowing only these ladies to wax my eyebrows - these things are precious and I won't trust just anyone with them.This update concerns their new spray tans. I'd never gotten a spray tan, but on their opening weekend for the new spray-tan service, I went in and gave it a shot. Admittedly, I was terrified. I'd heard the stories and seen the proof of what happens when a spray tan goes awry - you become a resident of Oompa Loompa City, tubing the chocolate river being the orangest orange anyone has ever seen. So, right - terrified. Also, I wasn't totally excited about stripping to nearly naked to let somebody airbrush me. My soft underbelly would be exposed!Turns out, there wasn't much to be afraid of. Abigail was the aesthetician who sprayed me, and was very professional and put me very much at ease. It was like I wasn't even standing naked in the middle of a room! The tan came out great. I had been minorly concerned that it would be streaky, akin to a weird watercolor painting, but there was nothing watercolory about it at all. The color turned out great, and I looked like I'd actually seen the sun in the last 6 months. Psyche! I was totally a bronzed goddess for like 8 days.Good price for a good tan without having to lay out and get all that beautiful brown sun damage. The only downside is that it doesn't last too long, but that seems standard with a spray tan. Tips: If you keep up your moisturizing, the tan will last longer. Also, your skin will become splotchy as the week goes on if your skin gets too dry.
<review# 498,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2010,3/18/2011,234,170,3,5,5>How happy am I that this place is right around the corner from my house? Very. Very. Very.it's a necessity to me to have a neighborhood breakfast taco joint. My sister's boyfriend lives in Southtown also, so I had the benefit of already knowing which place to go. Taco Haven's breakfast tacos do not disappoint! If their tortillas aren't homemade, they surely taste like it, and I appreciate their extensive menu of taco fillings. I tried their house special, the Torres, on my first visit. I have to say, it was my least favorite of any of the tacos I've tried, probably because I was expecting the avocado to be sliced, and it was mashed instead, and I had texture issues with it. (Yes, I know I'm finicky.) But I loved both their potato, egg and cheese and their bean and cheese tacos, and I super love their green salsa, which is really spicy and flavorful.Note that if you order these tacos to go, as I almost always do, they're a little on the stingy side handing out the salsa--I ask for extra because the containers of to-go salsa are so tiny! Also, be sure to reiterate your order, because they're gotten mine wrong a few times. Seriously though, these are minor quibbles for some awesome tacos. Go if you haven't already.
<review# 499,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/26/2010,3/17/2011,38,53,,5,2>I'm pretty sure this is exactly the kind of place the Earl of Sandwich had in mind when he invented the sandwich ... pretty much we'll put as much of whatever you want between two slices of bread. Their concept is you pick a bag, check off what you want on the sandwich, give it to the counter person and in a few moments they give you the bag back with all this sandwichy goodness waiting for you.  The Earl of Sandwich would be proud.  I enjoy going here when I'm in the mood to be pleasantly surprised by a new sandwich combination because you can have a completely different experience each time you go based on what you check off on your order.  What I enjoy is being able to be creative and make a sandwich I normally can't or don't make at home.  After all that's the point of going out to eat.  And I am never disappointed at Which Wich? What caught my attention and got me through the door the first time was their Cuban Sandwich.  Lately I've been eating their Egg Salad sandwich.  It's hard to find a good Egg Salad sandwich in San Antonio.  Other sandwiches worth trying are the Corned Beef & Pastrami and the Wicked.
<review# 500,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2010,3/16/2011,146,167,1,9,3>Nails By Lynn is a great place to get a consistent mani/pedi for a decent price. Last year they updated all their chairs and tables. They always have current OPI and ESSIE choices for colors. They have a nice flat screen TV which is usually tuned into CNN so you can catch your news while you pamper yourself. A spa mani/pedi will run you about $40. I like Mary because she always does solid methodical work (I take my mani/pedis very seriously!) and Susan because she's so friendly and really knows what she's doing. Lynn is usually booked with her regulars, but if you get her get ready because she will do the fastest paint job you have ever seen in your life--and it's usually a pretty good one.
<review# 501,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2011,2/14/2012,48,167,4,3,6>I think it was Homer Simpson who said, "Porkchops and bacon, my two favorite animals." Well, if he had eaten at Dough Pizzeria Napoletana (DPN), he would have replaced one of those with the Pork Love pizza.Let me back up a second. I had this place bookmarked a while back and just hadn't gotten around to eating here until I saw Guy Fieri's show. Talk about effective marketing. All it took was for me to see Doug Horn (owner and executive chef) making all of his mozzarella there in the restaurant and I immediately moved this place to the top of my list.Went there on a weekday when it wasn't crowded and we got seated right away. The interior of the restaurant is very nice and adorned with what you expect an Italian place to be. Music playing ranged from Mario Lanza to Old Blue Eyes.  There was a nice patio area to sit on as well.Enough about the joint. On to the pizza. The Margherita pizza consists of their awesome pizza dough made of soft-grain flour, water, sea salt, and natural yeast. It is hand-tossed and because of that, qualifies it to be called Pizza Napoletana. Add tomato sauce, Mozzarella di Bufala, Parmigiano Reggiano and fresh basil to the dough and the Margherita is born. The pizza cooks in 90 seconds. It only took me 5 seconds to realize this pizza was special. The crust was crispy and had nice crunch to it. The tomato sauce had just the right amount of sweetness and you could tell not a lot was added to take away its flavor. The mozzarella was heavenly. This pizza was a winner in my book.Next up was the Pork Love pizza. This one has the same dough and tomato sauce plus their house-made Fior di Latte, salami, sausage, pancetta & speck. One bite and the saltiness of the pancetta mixed in with the sweetness of the tomato sauce is what stood out the most to me. As I got further into the bites, it was like I could pick out each of the meat flavors individually. But at the same time, they all blended together to make what I would say is one of the best pizzas I have ever eaten. DPN has something for everyone. So mosey on down and get some pork love from a pizza oven that has traveled thousands of miles to bring a taste of Italy to our sunny taco town.
<review# 502,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2011,2/13/2012,36,26,1,9,4>I think the number of check-ins I have here speaks for itself.  The Falls has pretty much everything I need for a great night out with friends. Yes, I have spent several Halloweens and New Years there and for a good reason. It's one of the few places I don't mind paying a cover. Buuuuut, if go on Friday, you can check in I think using Yelp or Facebook and you won't have to pay one! At least I think they still have that going anyway.The main area when you walk in has 2 bars, there are two bars in the back (my friends and I affectionately call it the "boom boom room") and another one on the patio. Needless to say, you shouldn't have to wait very long for a drink. If you do, you must be talking to someone or otherwise not doing a very good job of letting know that you want something.  I think they have some kind of drink special every night but Saturday so that certainly helps.As far as music goes, you can almost always expect a great local rock band to be playing in the main area every Friday and Saturday and some of the other nights too. In the backroom they have hip hop/rap going on with a DJ. Sometimes they'll even have someone playing acoustic out on the patio too. If you like local rock bands, they do the Falls Summer Concert series which is definitely worth going to. I'm not much into the UFC thing but they always have the fights on.There's a couple things to note if you're going to go... If you come on a Thursday/Friday/Saturday (or when they have a big event) get here early if you want a seat/table and if you don't want to park by Hobby Lobby. I have a secret parking place, but it'll cost you to get it out of me :)  I've heard/saw something about a dress code but I think just so long as you don't show up looking like you've been living out of a cardboard box for the past week then you should be fine. In other words, just put forth a hint of effort when you get dressed. Why are you still reading this review? Get over to the Falls!
<review# 503,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2012,2/12/2012,54,140,2,6,4>Our first experience was at the Perry's in Katy, and our server there let us know that one would be opening shortly in San Antonio.  We waited about 1 month after opening to try it out and the experience was very similar to the great experience we had in Katy.  The lunch portion pork chop of course was cooked to perfection and good to split between two people.  We tried their mac and cheese, creamed spinach, and sweet potato fries...all were great!  Our server was also very attentive and did a great job taking care of our large party (13).The only odd thing was our experience at the hostess stand.  When we arrived they looked at me like I was crazy for not making a reservation, even though there were probably only 10 other patrons inside.  The hostess even went as far as to asking a manager for assistance.  Strange?...yes.  I guess now I know, I should make a reservation even when it's not necessary.
<review# 504,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2011,2/11/2012,27,81,3,3,4>This place is a bit less Texas Honky Tonk than other restaurants in Gruene.  It's a very long restaurant/bar which makes walking to the bathroom fun when the place is full.  Their bar is beautiful with molded wood arm rests.Their sliders are fantastic but not for anyone dieting.  The patty was juicy and buns are very buttery.  The description literally reads "If they're not greasy enough, send 'em back".  The hot dog is huge, it is called The Big Dog after all.  I ordered it fully dressed with sauerkraut and jalapeño mustard with skinny fries on the side.  Fries are nice and crispy.  I've also had their garlic fries as an appetizer.  You can't lose with potato, garlic, and cheese!  It's very good pub grub, if that's what you're looking for.  The staff is always very friendly, even on those busy Gruene weekends!
<review# 505,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2011,2/10/2012,47,43,9,13,8>The Buddha Box sets the standard by which all other tattoo shops should be judged. The minute I set foot in the place it felt like a business in which I would be comfortable allowing them to repeatedly drill a needle in to my arm.I was impressed at the level of personality that the employees had and laid back but professional manner in which we were treated. It's not that I've been mentally abused by (most) my former tattoo artists, but I've never had one that I cared to remember their name when I left. The level of cleanliness and sterility is nothing short of clinical, as it should be. I'm not saying I'd want them to remove my appendix at the Buddha Box, but if I found myself in some life or death situation where they needed to remove it, they could, and I certainly wouldn't need to be concerned about getting an infection.My appendix aside, each employee is also OSHA Bloodborne Pathogen certified meaning not only are they educated in universal precautions and procedures of blood exposure as well as proper sanitation for their tools, but they are also ready for the coming zombie apocalypse.Are you?
<review# 506,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2011,2/9/2012,107,89,6,3,3>Oh man- I can't say enough about this place. I ended up here relying on the reccomendations of fellow Yelpers (thank you homies), and was not disappointed at all. This is our new favorite breakfast joint.There's a delicious dish called the Chalupa Roberto. It's a delicious fried tortilla with beans, meat, magic, crack and some delicious red sauce. Holy hell it's good. You can also get it with egg. I also had the papa and egg torta. The bread was deliciously buttery and the papa and egg and beans and cheese- orale! Delicious. It's very greasy though, so if you want salad and fresh fruit- go somewhere else.
<review# 507,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2011,2/8/2012,372,222,9,17,12>Food - 5/5Service - 5/5Price - 10/5Atmosphere - 5/5Best Dish: BurgerWOW!! In my opinion, Joe's Hamburger Place IS THE VERY reason why Yelp was created. Phyllis, the owner/cook/queen/endallbeall of the place is downright awesome. The "restaurant" itself, if you can call it a restaurant, consists of 6 stools, a freezer, and a kitchen. Don't be fooled by its exterior. This shack is home to the best burgers in town and honestly it's not even close. She opens the place at 11:30 AM and stays open until the meat runs out...which ends up being a maximum of two hours so get here fast! Joe's is closed every Sunday and Monday, I'm guessing she needs time off for those crazy Bingo nights! Notice how I gave price a 10 out of a possible 5. We ordered two burgers (cheese, onions, mustard, her secret sauce), two bags of chips, and two sodas and it came out to be less than $5.50 total. Wrap that around your head for a second. These are best burgers in town and they cost next to nothing. One really neat thing I enjoyed is the fact that there is no cash register--just a lead #2 pencil that she uses to do math right on the counter. I can't believe it's taken me this long to find Joe's Hamburger Place. There is absolutely nothing like it. The true definition of a hidden gem.
<review# 508,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2011,2/7/2012,72,119,2,4,2>Eddies has been a go-to place for breakfast tacos since I got preggers and lazy about cooking a breakfast after my Saturday runs. They have been consistently good (last visit was a bit off (they were a little messy and missed getting our bean and cheese on corn tortiallas instead of flour, but that was the first time in about 10 or so visits). They use fresh flour and corn tortillas, and great fillings with a HUGE selection of varieties, and a pretty speedy drive thru to boot. The salsa is a good complement to the tacos and they give you plenty with your order. I was sticking to the vegertarian varieties before I gave in to my craving for meat. Super-glad I did because they have one of the best picadillo tacos I've had other than homemade. They have a pretty solid chorizo as well. I'e yet to head there for lunch, but they have a some great drive thru specials that I'm sure to take advantage of soon. Just be sure to get there early--they close at 2 in main restaurant and 2:30 in the drive thru. They only accept cash, so be sure to be prepared.
<review# 509,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2011,2/6/2012,0,4,9,11,8>Great Pakistani food. My group ordered the chicken biryani, tama chicken, and paneer. Of all of these, the tama was what they recommended and I agree with the recommendation -- it's got the right amount of moistness to it and the spices, none of which I can name, were abundant in the dish. The biryani was by far my spiciest order, and the chicken there, like the chicken in the tama, was adequately moist. On that note, by the way, the spiciness of the food is perfect; it's around a 4 out of 6 if you're using Thai restaurant ratings. For most people, that will be a bit spicier than what they're used to. That's the point.About the service: I liked it. Our wait time was standard for Pakistani places. Plus, I hate being bothered repeatedly with re-pours of water when I go to restaurants, and we were fortunately left a pitcher of water on the table for us to pour ourselves. The 1-star reviews here seem like they've been written by prima donnas who use yelp not as a means to review food but for leverage when they don't feel like the most important person in the room, putting yelp in the same narcissistic arsenal as lawyer threats and "I'm telling my boyfriend." It's wankery over vague criteria which exist to further a princess fantasy, not to inform.
<review# 510,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2011,2/5/2012,11,60,4,6,4>Such good hommos-and I normally hate it! Oh, and the Jerusalem salad is just an amaaazing compliment. Try theTurkish coffee, it will wake you up out of a dead sleep!  I've been coming here for about 5 years now and the quality of food & service hasn't changed a bit. I have a hearty appetite so I've mainly eaten from the Main Course menu and my favorites were the Shawarma platter and the Gyro platter along with the kebab platter for 2.  The outdoor seating is very nice during the cooler weather.  The main thing I like about JG is that the meat is always tender without tasting like a grease bucket but never dried out;and the veggies and meats are always SO fresh. I can't say enough good things about Jerusalem Grill!
<review# 511,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2014,5/8/2014,139,197,5,9,5>I am so happy I finally ate here. My carnivorous friend caved and let me bring him, and neither of us were let down. No matter how you feel about vegetarian... This restaurant is a must try!Ordered the special, mushroom stroganoff. I eat way too much so I also ordered the macrobiotic bowl. I gotta break out my New England vocabulary for this...wicked delish. I'm a mushroom addict, and the strog was yummy. Tasted like a beef flavored dish to me...my meat eating friend agrees. My favorite was the macro bowl. Next to mushrooms on a pizza this is my favorite thing in the whole world. Creates a little competition for my last meal! The purple kraut is phenomenal, kale is dressed with delicious dressing, and the quinoa absorbs it all to mix with scrumptious black beans. A new staple in my diet! Lovely vegan cupcakes, delicious tea, and plenty of other options!!Atmosphere is great. Wide open space, casual wooden booths and a very nice shaded patio. Love at first sight. The staff is happy, helpful, and quick. 6 stars, really :-)
<review# 512,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2014,5/7/2014,22,110,2,7,3>This is the most amazing DMV I have ever been to.  Very friendly people to help you out. Very organized.  Took my daughter there for her drivers test.  The staff was outstanding.  Not at all what the cliche DMV is supposed to be.  If you need to get anything done go to this place, it will knock your socks off.
<review# 513,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2014,5/6/2014,12,114,2,4,3>This is our go-to Friday night dinner spot with friends.  Although the parking lot looks crowded the waits are never very long and the food and drinks are excellent.  The Blue Passion drink and Dos-a-rite are our two favorites...be careful with the Blue Passion, it packs a punch.  The nachos are the best in San Antonio....Patricia's Tacos are the best street tacos in town.  Great kids area out back, family friendly, wonderful wait staff.  This place is our favorite for Mexican food!
<review# 514,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2013,5/5/2014,56,23,5,5,4>I could probably get away with writing a review and just saying 'daaaaaammmmn.' and it would say everything I am about to say about this place.The pizza is very good. Can't expand on how good warm carbs + melted cheese + fresh topics can do to you. You know how this feels. The appetizers are amazing. I've had the summer squash and okra and was taken to appy nirvana. The okra has big ol bits of bacon in it. Out of this world.The ambiance is great. I brought a date here and she was, like, *really* impressed. She agreed to see me a second time and I am convinced that Stella is 80% responsible. Place gets pretty packed on weekends but halcyon is right next door so you can 'warm up' before you get a notification that your table is ready
<review# 515,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2013,5/4/2014,113,243,4,5,3>There is some serious drink making going on at TBA!  Normally, I"m not an order a cocktail of a menu kinda gal as I've got my favorite signature drinks.  However, I could barely decide which cocktail I was going to pick at TBA, they all looked amazing.  The one I finally chose was built upon a base of sweet potato bourbon I think, and delish, I remember that for sure.Its a smallish/intimate place inside, so a great place for couples, dates, or small chit-chat, but this is not the place to go to party down on St. Mary's.  I think my male friends felt a little out of place because they were the only dudes in TBA without a mustache, but everyone was still nice.Its kinda hard to find actually (intentionally?) and we had to do a few drive-byes and a walk around the block to finally get in!
<review# 516,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2013,5/3/2014,67,64,2,6,3>I really enjoy the convenience of this particular farmers market. Free/close/plentiful parking, wonderful vendors, and a whole foods market just a few short feet away in case you can't find everything at the farmers market.I few spots that I recommend hitting up are: the lemonade guy, revolution fresh pressed juice, olive frites amazing french fries (you must try the olive aioli), Koch farms grass fed meats, and Parker Creek Ranch organic free range chicken and eggs. There is also a women who is there seasonally who sells the most amazing orchids you have ever seen. My husband purchased one from her for me 3 years ago and it is still producing gorgeous blooms! While this is definitely a smaller scale market, they vendors that do come are high quality.
<review# 517,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2014,5/2/2014,16,102,2,6,3>We stopped in for breakfast on Saturday morning; luckily we went early because they were lining up by the time we left.Very cozy, homey feel. Our waitress was efficient, if not friendly. The owner (or chef - not sure which) was very friendly, walking around refilling coffee and checking on the guests.My wife had one of the specials - shirred eggs. The eggs were excellent.I had the cafe breakfast (eggs, bacon, gravy, potatoes, and biscuit). Eggs were cooked perfectly, gravy was really good, and the biscuits were incredibly light. Bacon was crisp but a little overdone, and the potatoes were al dente. All in all, a good breakfast. I do wish I'd tried something different - our neighbors' chicken and waffles looked incredible.Their coffee was really good as well.Definitely a place to try again.
<review# 518,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2014,5/1/2014,94,80,3,7,5>YUM-O! Seriousness on the delish food.  So ~ we (9 plus me) showed up for a happy hour and realized we thought we were going to Cappycinnos. OOPS.  But, the most amazing and delish oops of the year!. The very sweet and accommodating hostess (shout out to Heather!) was patient while we hemmed and hawed about staying or going. Ended up staying and were all very glad we did.  Mary was our fabulous server and made many very gracious accommodations like separate checks - so great! I was very excited to try the tuna as our fabulous CM Gloria had told me that it was a must try. SADLY, they only serve this at lunch! The staff were so great and tried and tried to get the chef to make if for me anyhow, but no luck.  I guess that just means I have to go back for lunch sometime. Oh dang! (that was sarcasm y'all).Ended up ordering the scallops and was very pleased. They were the most silky and expertly prepared scallops I have ever eaten.  The rice was also very good if a bit on the salty side. I snuck a taste of the brussel sprouts they fry and then coat in a kimchi (not fermented) sauce... def something to try if you go. They really have opened my eyes to how brussels can be when they aren't overly cooked and soggy as the ones from my youth. Topped it all off with a cup of yummy coffee (or two) and a very sweet and tasty desert that was chocolate and mousse and biscotti all in one. whew! Did I mention I started the evening with a very good house Pinot Grigio? NO - well it was wonderful and a nice generous pour at that! Get me a restroom on the first floor and that tuna on the dinner menu and I'll get you a fifth star!
<review# 519,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2013,4/30/2014,65,158,3,9,7>I can't believe it took us so long to try this place!  Really delicious food from great people!There is a sign at the counter where you order letting you know that good food takes time and that they are not willing to sacrifice quality for speed.  Even so, our food arrived in a timely manner- very fresh and nicely spiced (some heat, but not so much as to obscure flavor).Upon the owner's recommendation, we ordered the Tawa Fish, plain rice, and one of the specials, black-eyed pea masala.  Even though he said we had enough food for the two of us, we also ordered a paratha rolled with chicken.  We had tons of left overs, but they were happy to help us box them up.  Next time, even if I still order too much, I will also get the naan- I was coveting the glossy flat bread going out to other customers.  Food was delicious and reasonably priced; I am looking forward to a return visit.
<review# 520,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2014,4/29/2014,204,426,11,12,10>How can't one rate The Alamo 5 stars?  Don't miss it when visiting SA, but don't be shocked to get squaked at when jogging through the gardens.Listen, hear the "Alamo Talk", see the film and check out the gift shop.And don't, I mean don't, ask a local "Why did y'all build this Downtown?"
<review# 521,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2013,7/10/2013,50,150,3,3,2>A decent non-chain pet store but their prices for pets is pretty high compared to Petsmart and Petco.  They do, however have a nice selection of stuff and I will be back to at least peruse their pets for sale.  I can see why their prices are higher then others (their Ferrets sell for $160, where in Petco they are $130).  However, all the animals are HEALTHY looking reptiles, fish and rodents.   They also had a variety of choices, especially in the aquatics section.  The prices seem high,  but their animals seem more healthy then at the chain stores.   The staff was helpful,  at least the ones doing their job.  I watched 3 of them just stand at the counter and talk until someone on the floor noticed me and asked if I needed help.  It was mostly cause of this I gave them 4 stars.  So go by and visit Polly the parrot and Henry the catfish!  Take a look at their reptile collection (including a huge carpet python named Isabelle), and see if they have any puppies [NOT from puppy mills, bravo Polly's!]
<review# 522,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2013,7/9/2013,192,81,3,4,3>This place has saved me many times! I love flowers and I love the look on a recipients' face when I deliver my arrangements but to buy them can be expensive. I would go broke if it wasn't for Travis.  I spent about $80 in September and made three arrangements with beautiful, full roses. So this valentines day I told my boyfriend, "don't buy me or your mom flowers, I will make us arrangements!"  He spent so much on my roses last year and they weren't even big roses. We went o Saturday and we brought roses, filler and two vases ... It was less than $40! I made two arrangements and they were huge roses full of color and they are brightening up my day.
<review# 523,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2013,7/8/2013,36,119,2,5,3>My love of popsicles probably dates back to when I had my appendix taken out at age four.  Unlimited popsicles was the silver lining to being confined to a hospital bed for several days.  So I was excited to see a banner with a popsicle on it pop up (okay, bad pun) in my neighborhood.  I visited SA Pops for the first time today, after having a quick lunch at Joseph's next door, and while it wasn't easy to talk myself out of a chocolate cupcake from Joseph's, I'm glad I went with the popsicle on a warm day like today.  This is a really cute little place with very friendly service, and the word needs to get out about them.  We all need to do our best to eat more paletas.They had a great selection of paletas: pina colada, honey dew, cantaloupe, spicy watermelon, blackberry, and many others.  I tried the pina colada, and it tasted creamy and fresh.  Especially after a long, tedious meeting at work.  And...right in the middle of the counter is a giant ice shaver.  I can't wait to try whatever they make with THAT.They may be cash only right now--I didn't notice a credit card reader--so come prepared.  The owner thanked us for dropping in (she could tell we were first-timers) and gave us cards and flyers, since they're pretty new and want to bring in more business.  SA Pops is close to the zoo, Brackenridge Park, Sunken Gardens, and the whole St. Mary's strip.  If you're hitting any of those hot spots, I recommend stopping in for something frozen and refreshing and very San Antonio-esque.  I also plan to ask the owner whether they cater, because I'd love to have some fresh paletas at a backyard BBQ.  I'd like to see them do even more daring things with the flavors, post their daily specials on social media, have a loyalty card that rewards me with mucho free popsicles, and partner with other businesses in the area to do events.
<review# 524,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2013,7/7/2013,12,67,2,3,3>I was a little hard on Bcycle in the early days, mostly because I repeatedly got stranded at a station due to a problem with a card reader or something else IT related.  But the system continues to improve and expand, and has become an integral part of my life as a resident of the downtown area.  There are stations close to almost everywhere I need to go, with more on the way in the near future from what I hear.  The staff does a great job to keep the system up and going, and customer service is always helpful, even if they can't solve your issue right on the spot.  Seems like they're always running some kind of promotion for discounted daily or annual rates, and I enjoy seeing more and more people using the system. I know usage will continue to grow as more and more stations are added.  I relish the opportunity to explain how it all works when I find someone standing at a station looking befulddled.  I commend the Bike Share folks on their efforts and look forward to the continued expansion of the system.
<review# 525,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2013,7/6/2013,23,45,2,5,4>Just tried  this restaurant on Tuesday.  I'm always looking for a good vegetarian restaurant in a city known for high calorie mexican food and barbecue.The menu was diverse and I have to admit I was taken aback by the wheat meat chicken fried steak, not sure I am to that point yet!  There are several high protein items on the menu.I finally settled on the green burger with the kale salad.  We started with the hummus plate.  The hummus was made of pecans and served with an assortment of veggies and apples.  One word: YUMMY!  You could definitely make a meal of this appetizer.  My green burger was very tasty and full of flavor.  It was served with chipotle mayo, next time I may switch to their poblano mayo, it didn't have the heat of the chipotle but I thought the flavor was richer.Let me say that my fears about a bitter kale were alleviated with the first bite.  The kale had a nice firm texture and the dressing packed a whollup of heat.  It was so good.To conclude, I will be returning.  I plan on taking a vegetarian friend of mine from Austin here because she will not believe that San Antonio has this gem of place otherwise!
<review# 526,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2013,7/5/2013,101,497,6,5,4>I'm a girl writing a review for a men's grooming salon. hehe...So, my DTLBF (downtown living boyfriend) likes to come here for his hair cuts. He says they give the best hair cuts and you get a beer while you wait. On our recent downtown adventure, lucky me, I get to sit and wait while he gets his hair cut. Lucky me, I get to read some hilariously awesome men's magazines. Lucky me, I get to have a Shiner Bock beer in a frozen glass while I wait. I probably would've played some solo pool while I waited but some other guy beat me to it. I really like the facility. It's very old school, parlour type. Lots of chrome and wood every where. I can see why men like coming here. Such a manly place.Why don't they serve beer at the salon's I go to? All we get is Diet Coke and Red Wine. SCHMMMMUH!
<review# 527,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2013,7/4/2013,32,247,3,6,3>Happy Hour lovers look no further! I tried this restaurant after a co-worker recommended it and was not disappointed. During Happy Hour, house specialty drinks and appetizers are half off. If you are a fan of margaritas please try the Prickly Pear and Partida Margaritas. Both are refreshing and delicious! You will not be looking for brandy in the Zinc Sangria (it's definitely there!) and the 10 Cane Mojito is awesome. The calimari is fresh and has a great spicy taste! You can't beat the Zinc Salad at $3 - this salad is so YUM. Mixed field greens with goat cheese, cherry tomatoes, crispy onions, pecans, nectarine and a delicious orange-sherry vinaigrette. For an entree I recommend the Zinc Burger - aka the "Crack Burger" - you will think of burgers differently after trying this one. The Zinc Burger comes on a brioche bun with quality juicy beef, cheddar, a crispy parmesan tuille, bibb lettuce, tomato and sun-dried tomato aioli - you won't be sorry! The fries come with a mango ketchup - sounds weird, but it's delicious! The Margherita Pizza is just okay, and I found the Shrimp Po-Boy to be more breading and sauce than shrimp. Dessert fans will love the Brioche Apple Bread Pudding Souffle- DELICIOUS. I dream about this dessert - the brioche is soft and sweet, and the combination of apple and ice cream is so good. The service is good and this restaurant provides quality food in a classy environment that manages to remain casual and unpretentious. Be advised that if you use a credit card you will be charged an additional 20% until the charge goes through.
<review# 528,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2013,7/3/2013,66,149,4,7,8>Like one reviewer said; walking in here it's like being out of the country. I love it, the owners kids going back to the kitchen the woman in garb cooking behind the grill, all muttering a middle eastern language. Though you might not know what they are saying, they understand hospitality. Something else is stressed here- family & the importance of a family meal. The menu & the restaurant are designed with families or groups in mind, creating special seating & family style platters. If you come here & you want distinctly morrocan food, try a tangine. It's the Moroccon equivalent of a curry. Tagine is a very long slow cooked dish, traditionally cooked in a clay pot with thick developed flavors; similar to Indian & Thai curries but with distinct flavors.Important to note there is NO alcohol served, nothing. Also, the meat is halal. If my time in the middle east serves me right, those are both related to tradition & faith. When remember my traditional Morrocan hummus that I had shared with my family it & had stewed garbanzo beans, so when this was served to me as my hummus, I was not surprised. Morrocan hummus can sometimes translate into stewed garbanzo with peppers & onions in a rich spices, very tasty. I ordered the lamb kefta tagine (lamb meatballs) it was served in a clay pot with a thick developed sauce and a beautiful poached egg, all sopped up in rich middle eastern flavor. This was wonderful, what wasn't so wonderful but still good & hence not my perfect 5 rating was the rice, the bread & the vegetable tangine. Both the rice & bread a bit too dry and the vegetable tagine was lacking the depth & time needed to really have the developed flavors of a perfect tagine. It had a nice lemony flavor & the vegetables them self were cooked nicely but halfway cutting into vegetable & it had lost the flavor.I am very happy that this restaurant is here, as I can now escape to the pleasant reminders of beautifully rich Morrocan cuisine & enter the kitchen of some authentic skills. I plan on going down the options of all their tagine, then work to the couscous for 4- can't wait!
<review# 529,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2013,7/2/2013,82,258,2,3,4>This is a place which is part of the Dady empire of restaurants is nicely hidden in a small interesting complex on Broadway.  There is good signage to get you to the front door. The interior is almost rustic looking with a combination of minimalist decor and nice wood paneling and floors.  On a recent trip we ordered the 4 vegetable primi with roasted beets, faro salad, asparagus with salsa rustica and seasonal pickles. The stars of this group were the roasted beets which were perfectly roasted (tender yet with a slight bite) and tossed in a vinaigrette and parsley which really complemented the sweet earthiness of the beets. The faro salad was perfectly chewy with bits of charred tomatoes and onions thought the salad was too salty,...but was a good complement to the beets. The asparagus was just asparagus...perfectly cooked but I am not a fan of super thin stalks of asparagus..so was mildly unimpressed, and the pickles were perfectly crunchy with a nice spicy (not hot!) hit.  For the second course I ordered the cauliflower ravioli and my lovely spouse ordered the grilled radicchio (being vegan and all ..she could not order any pasta).  The ravioli was perfectly cooked with the cauliflower filling being just silkily divine and worked well with the lemon sauce (this was the only misstep in my opinion where the plate was oversauced with the ravioli floating in sauce which made a pretty sight ...but a bit too much sauce).  For dessert I had the walnut honey tart which was almost like eating a flat baklava.  Toasted walnuts in a thin layer on top of a slightly soggy crust but it was the perfect combination of buttery honey and crunchy walnuts with what tasted like a tamarind drizzle.  The service was quite good and the waiter seemed to disappear for long periods of time till we realized that he was also tending bar! so considering that he was tending bar and trying to serve two tables, he did a pretty nice job.The big thing about the place is that once we told the waiter my wife was vegan he really went out of his way to check on things and the kitchen made attempts to make things vegan.  Truly truly appreciated!
<review# 530,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2013,7/1/2013,94,341,3,6,5>I really like the Brooklynite. We popped in on a Friday night for post dinner drinks. We got a table right away and table service which was really nice. Our server/bartender was very knowledgeable and made a few great recommendations based upon the stuff we like. The drinks were well made, boozy and reasonably priced. The atmosphere can be described as tasteful, sexy grandma, I guess. You'll know what I mean when you go. This isn't a dive or a pick up bar, it's a place where grown ups can enjoy good booze in a nice atmosphere and not have to yell over a terrible jukebox. BONUS: If you get hungry, there are food trucks just outside the door which I found REALLY neat. GO down there and get you some....
<review# 531,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2013,1/26/2014,285,134,7,13,16>Before we moved to SA, we  spent most of our time on the "River Walk", but since we moved to SA, we tried to stay away from "touristy attractions".  We occasionally came here to bring friends and family that were from out of town. On one occasion, we spent the night on the river walk, during the Christmas Holidays, and I really got to see it in whole new way. We stayed there because of a business meeting, so a group of us took a water taxi down the river and really enjoyed the boat ride.  I finally got the see the "lock and dam", our version of the Panama Canal, which was pretty amazing.  As the taxi took us to our destination, I spotted some beautiful fish hanging below a bridge, I've always seen pictures, but you really have to see them in person to really appreciate them.  I am so proud to live in San Antonio, and had such an amazing time on the river, that I will try to make an effort to come here more often and soak in the beauty that this river has to offer.I'm glad I saved this one for my 100th review.  :)
<review# 532,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2013,1/25/2014,343,110,4,12,7>Don't just drive by and point at this new place, GO IN! Great Fish and New Orleans Cooking!Last night I stopped to get gas while on my way to San Antonio to eat. As I was filling up I saw cars outside and went over to check it out. They were not open and in the middle of training all of the new staff. They welcomed us in and warned us that they were training and had a limited menu. The awesome decor and remodel made me feel very welcomed and intrigued. Service - Our server, who informed us at the end of the meal that we were his first table to ever serve, was great and you would have never known he was so new at it. (There were a few stumbles but he is doing great.) He was very prompt with everything and took great care of us. We also met the owner, followed by who I believe to be the manager. They were both very friendly and went over and beyond to make sure we were taken care of. I always say the staff can make or break a place, so far the staff makes this place!Food - AMAZING! I never say this, but it honestly was. - Tomato Salad - Ok, this was not anything super special, but it was good. The tomatoes were something you could get at HEB, I was hoping for some farmer style tomatoes, but it was basic and good but a little heavy on the oil.  - Dave's Oysters - YUMMMMM Ok I know it is not hard not to mess something up when it has breadcrumbs, butter, and oysters, but they were so good. I typically would order Raw, but I was not let down and neither will you.- Pan Seared Trout - Perfectly cooked, moist, flavor, and served on the skin. Everything you would expect for a good piece of fish. Did I forget to mention the WOW WOW WOW Dirty Rice??? Ooo My, I want to go back just to get a bowl of it. Perfectly spicy with sausage and spices. GEEZZZ. I had to have a fork fight to keep my partner off my plate.- Sea Bass - MELT IN YOUR MOUTH! It is served cut thiner than usuall. They cooked it perfectly, as it fell apart in your mouth. Worth Every penny. The vegetables were cooked to perfection with a small crunch along with red potatoes. - Desert - SO SADDD!!! Because they were training they didn't have any, so I guess I will have to come back soon to try them. ; )- Bar - The bar is a fully stocked and seemed to be staffed by the right person. There were lots of laughs and good times coming from there. They also make all those NOLA drinks everyone loves.Overall - GO TO THIS GEM, It is so refreshing to see high quality, locally owned restaurants coming to the area. The bar area is very nice, and some of the seating looks like it is on a back porch in NOLA. Yum Yum Can't wait to go back! So glad I didn't go to SA. I want to make sure this place starts with a 5 star rating because they deserve it.
<review# 533,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2013,1/24/2014,245,102,9,14,14>I've been waiting with bated breath for this spot to open since Denise and Noel mentioned it to me.  For those of you that have been to The Point Park and Eats, and are familiar with the aesthetic Denise and Noel bring to their first establishment, this one will not disappoint at all.  The eclectic local art is hanging on all of the walls, giving Taps y Tapas a homey feel that fits perfectly in the Five Points neighborhood.  You can sit around in the back yard, sipping your beer and eating delicious offerings from Luciano while listening to (soon to come) live music.  You truly feel like you're at a chill back yard dinner party.  My dining partner and I went during the soft opening.  With most soft openings, I expect some hiccups and issues -- we had none of that.  We were greeted by a member of the staff literally standing outside waving.  That's kind of adorable, y'all.  Went inside and got the full tour, then of course, drinks.  I had Denise's always delicious sangria and my friend had a local beer.  The taps represent a great selection of higher and lower beers, with something for everyone.  I"m pretty sure I even saw a PBR tap handle, for you hipsters out there!  For the food, I ordered exactly what was recommended, since no one liked my idea of "Let's order one of everything!"  Buzzkills.  We got the braised shortrib, huitlacoche risotto, and the kale salad.  Everything came out quickly, and blew me away.  The short rib was served on a chile and some sorta cheese mash.  Not cheesy in the nameless chain way, but just enough to give it a hint of cheese and salt.  So so so good.  Also with the rib, they served sauteed chayote squash.  Simply preparation that really made the flavors stand out.  This was by far my favorite dish.For those who don't know, huitlacoche is also known as "corn truffle," or the black fungus that grows on ears of corn, and it's DELICIOUS.  Tastes, to me, like sauteed spinach.  The served this slightly inky looking risotto with crostini and fried squash blossoms.  So hearty, but fresh with the bits of sweet corn and diced tomatoes.  Stick to your ribs kinda food.My dinner partner is anti-veggies, but RAVED about the kale salad.  Kale, pineapple, jicama, candied pecans and queso panela made this delicious, refreshing, and surprisingly hearty salad.  Could easily make a full meal with an empanada on the side.  Those three dishes came out to somewhere around $36, and we left with three, THREE, to go boxes.  The food was so hearty, but not heavy, that we couldn't finish it all.  The risotto made a great breakfast the next morning, too!
<review# 534,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2013,1/23/2014,220,318,12,15,11>I like how the drinks are fancilicious (fancy + delicious) for less than $15. I like how there were just people hanging out here.... different kinds of people; not cool kids versus everyone else.This spot is gonna be the spark that sets the strip on fire (again).... which I hope turns out to be more blessing than curse.
<review# 535,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2013,1/22/2014,114,280,5,13,10>Two words: Gobi Manchurian!!! Get this dish and you will thank me later! I am always hunting for good lunch eats that are close to work. After reading positive reviews on Yelp about this Indian vegetarian place and learning that it is close by, I was determined to try it out. Today, I stopped by Pavani for lunch with a foodie friend. Man, evers road does have some good restaurants. I frequent this area for Thai taste and pho hong phat but never knew Pavani was just right across the street. I read it was a hole in the wall place so I was afraid that it would be dirty and unpleasant. But the inside was actually much better than I thought. I guess a hole in the wall has different categories too. This wasn't in the scary ass category for sure. They don't have servers here so you order at the counter and go get your own food. That's OK with me but we didn't get water to drink which was a bit out of the norm to me. We ordered masala rava dosa and Gobi Manchurian to share. Our orders were ready within a few minutes. The only complaint I have is that they serve food on plastic plates. But I knew I was eating at a hole in the wall so i was fine with it. The dosa was huge! It is similar to a type of Chinese crepe. It came with three different dipping sauce and a tiny curry bowl as a side. The Gobi Manchurian came with white rice. I did some research on this dish before hand. It is a stir fried cauliflower in spicy sauce with chopped onions and cilantro. It is a Chinese influenced dish. I am not vegetarian but I am a big fan of vegetables including cauliflower. This dish was made to perfection, the cauliflower was not too hard or mushy. It was cooked just right with the right amount of spice! I had the same satisfaction just as eating meat, but much healthier for sure. Oh, sooo tasty!!! The dosa was good, not great. Guess I am not into the potato and peas fillings. Maybe I will try the vegetable spring dosa next time. Or I'll just skip the dosa and get the Gobi Manchurian only!Overall, I was quite happy with my new discovery. The price was reasonable too. Now the Pavani has been added to my lunch go-to places!!!
<review# 536,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2013,1/21/2014,274,398,4,20,13>When you come here make sure to ask for the Chinese menu. This is where you will find the delicious authentic dishes. The service here is very good, attentive and efficient. The atmosphere is nice. The pork buns and the sesame balls with red bean paste filling are both very good ways to start a meal. I really like the sizzling plate squid and the hot and spicy chicken are both delicious. I would highly recommend this place for a most wonderful dining experience.
<review# 537,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2013,1/20/2014,107,89,4,9,4>FIDEO- that's what's up. Fideo is a delicious spaghetti like Mexican magical dish that I have a hard time finding outside of the Rio Grande Valley (that's where I'm from, y'all). Blanco Cafe is close to my condo so I figured I'd drop in and see what the fuss was all about...and I discovered they had fideo on the lunch menu. With picadillo. And delicious tortillas. It was like being right back in my hood. The service is fairly quick, but beware- it gets VERY BUSY at lunch time. The parking is also a little ridiculous- you have to park in the restaurant parking or you can get towed. That's pretty lame, but I see why people circle the parking lot five hundred times for just a chance to eat the fideo. The true test of authenticity is whether or not they sell Mexican candies at the cash register. Blanco Cafe gets an A+!
<review# 538,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2013,1/19/2014,52,67,3,5,3>Love it! Everything is delicious at Poblano's especially their tortilla soup. Prices are extremely affordable and they even have daily breakfast and lunch specials. Service is out of this world! They are so fast and so friendly, food usually comes out less than 5 minutes after you order it. I love the little "chalupa" playing cards they have underneath the glass at every table, a nice touch for a Tex Mex restaurant. And of course, the restaurant itself is always spotless and the restrooms are very clean. Try their sweet tea, it's so good. I will definitely be going back soon :)
<review# 539,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2013,1/18/2014,41,34,4,9,5>In what has turned into an inadvertent quest for the best barbecue in San Antonio and the surrounding areas, a friend and I stopped by The Big Bib for a pre-outlet shopping excursion lunch. I was not disappointed. The staff there is friendly and have a great sense of humor. The service is superb. It's a walk-up order place, but even after we sat down the staff stayed attentive to everyone by coming around to each table periodically. The food was very good. I ordered the lean brisket plate and enjoyed it with green beans and a scrumptious potato salad. They have a variety of sauces there (I think six) and I didn't hesitate to sample each one. They're all good! I liked the spicy bbq sauce the best. I will definitely return!
<review# 540,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2013,1/17/2014,62,117,5,8,4>I stopped in for lunch the other day and didn't have any expectations.I know that the family also owns Guajillos, which is one of my favs, so I figured Speisen would be good as well. I was wrong.. Speisen isn't good...it is AMAZING!!The ambiance is nice... a little more formal than most other restaurants in the area, and that is a welcomed change. (One reviewer complained that there were no children's menu... THANK HEAVENS!!! I have four children of my own, but I absolutely HATE going to lunch at a nice restaurant only to hear someone's child scream and cry while their parents ignore them and carry on their own conversation even though others cannot.) The lighting is not bright, and I felt like I left the heat of the day behind me as I nestled into my seat.I wasn't sure what to get, so I asked my server what they liked. After giving me three choices, I settled on Geschnetzeltes. It is described as Sliced Chicken In A Creamy Sauce with Roasted Potatoes. I came with soup and bread.. HOLY MOLY!! It didn't sound all that amazing, but the sauce was made with white wine, mushrooms and spices... all expertly blended to perfection. The chicken was boneless and extremely moist and tender. The soup was a beef broth with a large ball of masa in it... LOVED IT!I am so glad to have found this restaurant. I can hardly wait to go back and try more European food!
<review# 541,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2013,12/7/2013,25,26,2,7,4>This place is about a 4.5 for me. I was looking for authentic New York style pizza and this place as class as it's going to get in San Antonio. The crust is fabulous. Very thin and crispy. Homeslice in Austin is still the gold standard for me because it just seems a tad better somehow. It's something about the sauce that I can't pinpoint. But I don't have time to go to Austin everytime a pizza craving hits so this place is awesome. If you are looking for NY style pizza, come here. If you want authentic Italian, go to Dough or Barbaro. If you like really substantial, standard American style, go to MAARS. They are all different types of pies and each place does it well for each indicidual style.
<review# 542,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2013,12/6/2013,161,338,2,6,6>What a great place.  A whiskey distillery in our backyard.  And with the new laws past in October, you can buy cocktails and bottles of their whiskey and vodka in the store.  A nice gift shop where you can browse while waiting to take a free tour.Allen is a great tour guide and fully explains each step of the spirit making process.  My favorite is the barrel storage room where the smell of aging single malt whiskey fills the air.Can't wait until January when the single malt will finish aging and be ready to buy.
<review# 543,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2013,12/5/2013,90,15,4,10,6>We went for their grand opening on June 28th and had an outstanding time, so we went back 3 days later to try out their "all day Monday happy hour." My take after 2 visits: this place is outstanding.First off, this is an upscale SPORTS BAR, *not* the kind San Antonio might be used to (aka don't expect to find $1 brisket tacos here.) The walls are filled with TVs so there isn't a bad spot in the house when you want to watch the "big game." The owner is a huge UT fan, so we can only imagine how crazy the place will be come Longhorn football season.Second, these guys have done their BEER research. Not only do they have a couple San Antonio breweries on tap as of 7/1/13 (Ranger Creek + Branchline), they also have some Real Ale & Pedernales flowing in addition to the standards like Shiner, Miller Lite, Dos XX, Thirdshift & others.Third, their FOOD is phenomenal! So far, we've only tried 6 items off of their "Starters" and "Flatbread" sections of their menu but we haven't had anything we did not like. Favorites so far include the Margheria Flatbread & the Green Chili Beef Nachos. Last--but by *no means* least--their SERVICE is out of this world! We were seated in the dining room and Chris was our server. He was amazingly calm and collected even on the grand opening and handled our party of 8 with class. When we sat at the bar, both Kayla & Bailey were extremely attentive and the fact that they introduced themselves, called us by name and had time to chat was definitely a nice touch. As long as the items I list above continue, I do not see why Cover 3 wouldn't be around for many, many years. San Antonio's been a long time waiting for a sports bar like this.
<review# 544,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2013,12/4/2013,169,83,2,9,5>First, let me characterize Chris, the owner...Sharp, witty, dedicated, sarcastic-by-demand, and focused on excellence. Now, to my brief and useful review...Rise is spartan. Rise is convenient. Rise has exceptionally accurate beignets (I am a New Orleans native). Rise has wonderful pastries, cinnamon rolls, paninos, and kolaches. Oh, and "Dirty Cup" is a great name for an 80's band...
<review# 545,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2013,12/3/2013,119,309,5,7,3>I've been anticipating the opening of this establishment since I first heard of it in May. Today was opening day and I got there at opening time for lunch. At long last! It was wonderful! I got a mixed plate and shared it with my boy. The offerings were brisket, pulled pork, a pork rib, sausage and ham with 2 sides. I chose cole slaw and potato salad. When I go to a barbecue place the first time I like to get as big of a sampling as I can. That was I can see whatthe house does best. In this case it was all aces. The meat was definitely the star of the show. The brisket was tender and moist. It had a great smoke ring. The big surprise was the ham. I like ham but usually don't get too crazy for it at BBQ places, but this ham was really good. The smoke flavor came through it just so and the ham itself wasn't too salty. The sausage was good, not a huge standout but it was like Ringo Star; when the rest of The Beatles were that talented, all you really have to do is keep time. The star of the show is the pulled pork. Best I've had in a long time. They serve it glazed in a well balanced sauce. It has just enough flavor to enhance the meat, but doesn't overpower it. The smoke flavor was well penetrated into the pork which was nice. The sides were good, but I would likely try others next time. All things being equal this lived up to my expectations. The restaurant area itself is very well laid out, and it's complete with a backyard and deck, along with a play area for kiddoes. My boy loved the slide, and he was less than thrilled about leaving. I told him that we would be back. I'm thinking another lunch later on this week. I still need to try the chicken and turkey.
<review# 546,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2013,12/2/2013,838,696,7,10,8>What a great change! I'm happy to have Leon in the neighborhood! This is a total change from the previous bar at this location, Revolution Room. The decor is completely different, and they have an awesome outdoor patio which is perfect for chilling in the shade with a cold one. I enjoy the artwork inside. The bar inside is basically divided into two bars- there's the one that used to be Rev Room. They've added some artwork, but it's basically the same thing. The other bar that used to be the sports bar, or Karma, has been completely revamped. They have a buffalo that serenely overlooks the patrons. It has an old timey western feel to the whole place. So they have a specialty shot - you gotta try it! Weirdest shot I've ever experienced- it's a cheeseburger shot. Tastes just like a McDonald's cheeseburger. It starts with a bloody mary type shot, Worcestershire Sauce, V8, and some other secret herbs and spices. You shoot that, followed by a silver tequila shot, then follow that with pickle juice. It was one of the weirdest shots I've ever had, but it did taste exactly like a McDonald's cheeseburger. So strange. The bathrooms haven't been upgraded, like you'd think they'd have been, seeing that they revamped everything else. The bartenders are super cool, and they are fast and friendly! They have bands that play out on the front porch, which was great. I'll certainly be back!
<review# 547,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2013,12/1/2013,82,55,2,8,4>Need a break from the overdone, commercial chain coffee places, or the "we all copy Jamba juice" supposedly healthy places? Then go here. Sad thing is an out-of-town friend showed it to me and it is right by my old office on Broadway. Got a green juice that was perfect after a workout and their gluten free snack choices are unique and healthy. My friend got a tamale she loved.This is a very cool place and I will definitely be going back there for fresh coffee without the "overkill."
<review# 548,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2013,11/30/2013,76,65,2,6,4>My husband and I came here on a Friday afternoon while exploring in New Braunfels.  I tried to check in on Yelp, but the application would not let me leave San Antonio. :(Anyhow, as soon as we walked in a very cheery staff member told us to, "Make ourselves at home."  We bellied up to the bar since we were only there for a few minutes and the patrons there were very friendly.  They told us where to go on the river, shows, restaurants, etc.  We drank the Faust IPA which we both loved because it was not too filly or hoppy.  We had a bratwurst puff pastry with their homemade chips.  I am not a huge sausage fan but this sausage was really good.  It wasn't very greasy and surprisingly lighter than most sausages. It paired really well with the IPA.  I normally don't like to drink beer with my food but this combination really went together.  My husband and I both agreed.  We split the meal and it filled us up nicely without being too filling.  We are still talking about it three days later and will head back up there soon. I just hope Yelp lets me check in next time.
<review# 549,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2013,11/29/2013,209,60,4,5,4>Over the course of 13 years, Lupita's has consistently dished up some of the tastiest tacos I've had the privilege of purchasing.  My usual are any of the breakfast offerings (mainly Chilaquiles and Bacon/Egg/Cheese), Carne Guisada, and Barbacoa.  The salsas, both roja and verde are exceptional.  As far as drinks, the horchata and jamaica are tasty, and they offer several flavors of Jarritos.
<review# 550,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2013,11/28/2013,40,18,9,4,4>Ahhh, Barbaro. I've been here twice so far. The first time was with a friend and we were immediately seated at a high table next to another couple (a chair was in between us, so it was okay.) Our waitress wasn't available for much questioning, but we went with our starving guts and ordered an appetizer and 2 pizzas. The cauliflower salad (I forgot the proper name) was AWESOME. We wouldn't shut up about how great it was. "Oh my god, this is good. No, it's like really good. Have a told you that I really like this salad?" I'm sure the couple next to us were like "stfu". Anyways, after that we got the kale and hash brown pizza which just made me wish I could eat this for breakfast everyday. We got the smoked mozzarella pizza as well, which was just as delicious. I will say that the dough is not my favorite in town, but I'm really there for the toppings anyways. OH, they don't skimp on toppings. That bad boy is loaded to the edge. I came a second time and sat at the bar with another friend (I have a lot of friends). We ordered a bottle of champagne (not sure which, but I know it wasn't Andre). After a nice buzz happened, we ordered the Benton's bacon pizza. Mainly because the bartender was like "Have you ever HAD Benton's. Bacon...?" And we're like nooo and he's like you need to. It was delicious and I'm glad Benton decided to make bacon. For all the little bbys out there who don't like to walk more than 20 yards from their car, no. Yes, there is little parking. It's a residential area by all means, and all that walking will do you good after a couple pizzas. Don't let that deduct a star from your rating. I'm sure if they could knock a house down to put in your precious parking lot... they still probably wouldn't. I however live two blocks away so, ha! I'm going back for the ricotta cheesecake tonight.
<review# 551,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2010,8/20/2010,157,156,2,4,2>I went to this nail salon in 2005 for a mani/pedi. I remember really liking the attention I was given and liking how my nails looked. I'm glad that nothing has changed. I went in for a mani/pedi today because I wanted to go to a different place but not necessarily a new (to me) place.I brought my own polish: OPI Alpine Snow for the French tip and Princesses Rock to go over the nail rather than using the standard clear polish. My nail tech was great. She listened to what I wanted and was chatty but not overwhelmingly so. During the pedicure I got an awesome leg massage!This nail salon also does some waxing but since I didn't get any I can't rate that yet. I will say that the salon was clean and tidy (ALWAYS important). I will definitely be back!
<review# 552,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2009,8/19/2010,221,1159,1,4,3>After living in the heart of Tex-Mex for a while, I've seen two distinct types of the aforementioned cuisine:The first is traditional Tex-Mex - the dishes like chili con carne, nachos, and chimichangas, and the variations like soft-shelled tacos and cheddar cheese - the things that are not inherently Mexican but have been eaten for so long by Americans that many believe them to have originated south of the border. The second type of Tex-Mex is more of a nouveau -Mexican, which takes Mexican ingredients and Mexican dishes, but constructs them in ways that are decidedly not Mexican. I see very little of this type of cooking in the city, and that's a shame, because we often use the concept of "traditional" cooking as an excuse to remain in our comfort zone and avoid trying something new. It would seem to me that this type of cooking would be especially prevalent in a place like San Antonio where EVERYBODY is doing traditional Tex-Mex, but judging by the reviews on Yelp, most places can't even get that right. Regardless, Rosario's falls into that second category of Tex-Mex, the one that aims to escape the boundaries of the traditional and play around a little bit. It's not a giant leap from the old standbys, but it's enough to let you know that something's different in a very good way.The main dining area of Rosario's is a giant room with the bar in the middle. It's a very open space, which provides for some bad acoustics as the large crowds which have gathered to eat all try to talk over one another. The volume at which I had to speak to my waiter was more akin to what I would use at a club than most restaurants. The complimentary salsa features roasted chiles and is quite tasty. I went with the chorizo and potato quesadilla  that others have suggested here and found the flavor of the chorizo to be masked by the potato and cheese. My entree was the flautas especialles, which featured my choice of meat, spinach, and chipotle mushrooms (whatever that is). They were crispy, featured decidedly Mexican flavors, and were also decidedly not Mexican. The barracho beans featured almost as much pork as beans. The meal went down well with a Modelo and I left full and happy. While the food was good, it's probably on a four-star level for me. What gave it the extra star was that Rosario's is doing some things that not a lot of other restaurants are doing - experimentation - and sometimes that's the only way to get out of the old doldrum and make something unique.
<review# 553,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2010,8/18/2010,10,67,1,2,4>I am an absolute fan of this place. Ive had Indian before on Fredricksburg rd. but it was mediocre at best. This place makes quality food and maintains such a clean environment. They don't use sticky vinyl table cloth, and the people that eat there are good fun also. I spoke to a man from Ireland and a couple from an African nation. Really worth going to if you're looking for fine dining exotica.
<review# 554,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2010,8/17/2010,234,170,4,5,5>One star for their mozzarella and burrata made in-house. (channeling Ina Garten): How bad can that be?Another for the service that's helpful and attentive, but not overly fussy.A third star for pizza made in a screamin' hot wood-burning oven, and a fourth for the magnificence of the crust alone. It's on the thin side, but is still a little pliable and not too crispy, and has great smokey flavor from its few minutes in the oven.Other reasons to throw in the coveted fifth star: the italian wine list with tons of affordable choices, great ambiance and a patio, and the super awesome toppings on their pies and specials--the pizza from my last visit had burrata, roasted mushrooms, a nice fruity olive oil, a fried egg, and freaking shaved truffles. Yes, please!
<review# 555,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/3/2010,8/15/2010,17,56,2,5,1>Working in outside marketing/sales causes me to be just that - outside. A lot.  Something I don't really mind in December but loathe once May rolls around.  I spotted this place while picking up some cupcakes next door (sadly, they weren't for me. I had to give them away. 'Tis better to give than receive, right? Whatever...) and remembered when I had Pinkberry-envy from Californians not shutting up about the FroYo fad.  I was hot. FroYo is cold. Match made in heaven. I like that the place is self-serve. Sometimes I just need the smallest nth of sweetness to cure my craving.  The guy behind the counter (who looked like what some have described as the owner) was happy to explain the process to me.  They had an array of flavors but I ended up choosing a little mix of Original Tart and Strawberry.  The Original Tart was DEFINITELY my favorite. So crisp, clean and, well...tart. They had a nice little buffet of mixins' that you could add on top, but I opted out. The only thing that really bugged me was the price.  You pay by the ounce here and I think I remembered it being something like .40ish an ounce.  I had 3 small plops (only way I can think of to describe it! ha!)  of the Original Tart and 2 plops of Strawberry.  There was definitely no way that what squeezed out of the machines equated to anymore than 1/3 cup of FroYo and my total came to $2.59.  The way my mind works, I thought  "for only .31 more, I could have a whole pint of Haagen Dazs sorbet..."  No it isn't highway robbery, but I was just a little shocked at the price.  Still, it was cool and refreshing, much more than ice cream, strangely, and absolutely perfect on a hot day.  I'll go back...if my fiancee's paying ;)
<review# 556,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2009,8/14/2010,34,56,,4,5>As a freelance consultant  I find it difficult to work from home all of the time. There are occasions where I feel isolated and distracted but at C4 Workspace the feeling is quite different.I discovered C4 by accident as I was surfing the web.  I had heard about the concept of co-working before and knew it was happening in other cities but this was something new for San Antonio.  At least to my knowledge.  What I found was really something more than a place to set up my laptop and tap into wi-fi.  What I discovered was a place that met my immediate professional needs but also became a place where I felt kinda like family.The people that run C4 are pretty cool and very welcoming.  They really seem to what to help everyone that comes through the door.  Debbie, one of the partners, is great about introducing everyone to one another and facilitating network opportunities--which have come in handy.Also, Todd (owner/partner) and Chris always seem to be up on new web/tech applications and are always willing to share their knowledge.  Without them realizing it they've really helped me (and others, I'm sure) keep up up to date.  Many of my friends and acquaintances think I'm always in the know about all the services and web apps on the net, lol, but I always have to confess about my teachers.Aside from the community at C4 some of the other perks are the conference room space available for meetings, the phone booths for personal calls, Oh, and did I mention their mascot Jerry?  A super cute pup that seems to make everyone's heart melt.  Plus, they have events all of the time.  From art shows, job mixers, beer brewing, movie screenings and panel discussions, I find there is always something interesting going on.Whew, did I say all of that?!?  Well, I suppose it's easy to write when you truly enjoy a place.  I don't give up  5 stars to just anyone, ya know!To sum it up, when I go to C4 I really don't mind going to "work", and I don't think you would mind it either.UPDATE:  C4 Workspace is still an awesome place I just thought I'd mention Chris (one of the computer wiz's) has moved up and on so now you get to see the friendly faces of site managers, Key and Jose!
<review# 557,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2010,8/13/2010,211,97,3,5,3>Goomba's has become my go-to pizza joint for a quick lunch on the south side of SA. It's set up in a cute diner-style, checkerboard patterns and whatnot, a pleasant atmosphere but nothing special. For $4.95, you get a slice of pizza with one topping, a salad, and a drink. Sounds typical, huh? NO.This "slice" of pizza they refer to... it's ENORMOUS. It's actually more like a slab of pizza. Thin crust, about 8" from crust to point, maybe 7" across. That's-a big pizza slice. They have a good variety of toppings, more than just your typical pizza-meats. The salad is more than is expected of a side salad - lettuce, tomatoes, chick peas, olives, and a banana pepper - dressing on the side.Goomba's has several other lunch specials (as well as a whole menu of standard items), and all are reasonably priced.The kitchen is quick and the staff is friendly, and we're able to drive the 10 miles each way and get our lunch ordered and eaten in way less than an hour.
<review# 558,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2010,8/12/2010,24,81,2,12,4>This is a great service!  The food is always fresh, delicious and "packed with care"!  It's such a simple service - just a few clicks and you'll have fresh organic food delivered to your home or office.  I love love love the grassfed beef!  It is the best!  The vegetables are always perfect, never too young or too old.  And the cheese is so fresh.  The only thing I would prefer to change would be the way the default baskets work.  You are automatically scheduled for a weekly delivery based on your last order; if you don't need anything for the following week, you must remember to cancel that order.  I wish it was having to place an order rather than having to cancel an order - but that's just me!  That might be something most busy folks love about this website; I however sometimes forget to log on and cancel and then I have too much food (not that that's really a big problem)!  Overall Greenling rocks!  Yay - I'm a fan!!
<review# 559,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2009,8/11/2010,22,52,3,3,5>When I used to work in the Austin Highway area in the late 90s, eating at Tong's Thai was a weekly experience where eating just the combination fried rice was a meal in itself. And although this restaurant is still pretty much in my neighborhood, for some reason have not been here in quite a while.Always I gravitate to the Pad Wun Sen on a Thai menu. Off the lunch menu: glass noodles sautéed with chicken, green onions, celery and carrots and bean sprouts in a garlic/ginger soy sauce. This was pretty good but I could taste the thickening agent for the sauce.  Whether it was flour or corn starch or something else, there was a hint of something that didn't quite belong.  Something almost raw tasting.  But this didn't stop me from cleaning off my plate.Potato soup was delicious.  Wish the bowl was bigger because my bowl was quickly emptied.I let the waiter pick my bubble tea for the ride home.  It was called Tiger something or another with a combination of mango and other tropical fruits I quickly forgot. Sprinkled on top w/ peanuts which I learned sank to the bottom and were only sucked up through the wide straw when I was almost finished w/ my drink.  The tapioca pearls were tasty and plentiful. All in all it was nice to be back at Tong's Thai for some good food. The interior had been remodeled since last I was here and it appears to have picked up a hip; eclectic crowd.  Was I really the oldest one in the room???  You should try it again too.
<review# 560,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2010,8/10/2010,60,112,2,4,2>Great pizza; great beer selection.  They also have strombolis and deli-style subs.My favorite pizza is the Mama Mia - Pepperoni, Italian Sausage, Beef, Black Olives, Mushrooms, Onions, Green Peppers, and Jalapeños.  I have also tried the meatball sub, and it is both filling and delicious.  They have over 200 beers including a decent selection on tap.The owner and staff are always courteous, and their place is always clean.  The place is pretty roomy, but it does get crowded on Friday and Saturday nights.  Best of all, it is just around the corner from my house.
<review# 561,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2011,8/7/2011,234,170,11,9,10>Sparky's is like a gay Cheers: a super friendly, low-key hangout spot where you can relax with your friends. The only difference is, you're likely to hear Lady Gaga and the like playing on the stereo. And ya know, sometimes you wanna go where everybody knows your name.In all seriousness though, Sparky's isn't a gay club, it's a gay bar. There is no wild, shirtless dancing to bad techno here (at least, none of the times that I've been). Rather, it's a really chill spot with great drink specials. Smoking is limited to outside only (hooray! hooray! hooray!), so you won't end up all stinky and gross from coming here. The bathrooms are always clean, and during busier times, even have attendants on hand for extra TP and the like. Especially in comparison with the rest of the gay bars on the strip, Sparky's is a winner. Be careful, though, with those doubles. They are served in pint glasses, I kid you not. PINT GLASSES. This makes them more like quadruples in my book. This made for an extra-inebriated Bettina on my last visit (Sorry, Lori M, for making you drive my "spaceship car" home.) Also, the music they play here rules. Lots of '80s and fun, dancy stuff. Clean bathrooms + cheap drinks + outside smoking only = best gay bar in town.
<review# 562,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2011,8/6/2011,118,76,3,6,5>Total small DIVE but great as a first or last stop off when out and about on a Friday or Saturday night.The drinks are strong (VERY strong) and who can hate $1 shots? Strong SHOTS! love it!!!Last saturday they had a DJ playing and I had to say, it was pretty fun.  A dive-y bar but kept relatively clean. The decor is modern and done well, even the lighting is pretty impressive for a dive bar.  They are located in a little strip mall, since they are the only business open that late parking isn't a problem.  No attire specific for this location, I was in a dress and heels and the girl next to me in basketball shorts.    Fizz looks pretty new, so I'm hoping that they catch on in the neighborhood and can stay in business.  We were there for last call and they probably had no more than 10 people inside.  All in all a good find! I'll be back!
<review# 563,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2011,8/5/2011,107,261,1,3,2>This review is really about the summer camps that the San Antonio zoo offers. Hats off to a well oiled machined that keeps my children chattering about into all hours of the night. Last night my nine year old announced that she had to do "research" and then proceeded to not only type up her findings on a giraffe but write them out, incase others couldn't read the small print. Yesterday my son was up with camp shirt and backpack on at 7:30. Camp doesn't even start until 9:30.What does that tell you? 5 stars....
<review# 564,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2010,8/3/2011,32,123,1,4,1>Great park for running or walking, with or without your canine companion!+flat, well maintained trails+lots of shade+5k loop+owners are good about cleaning up after their pets+trash cans throughout the park-trails could be better marked for newbies (easy to get lost here)-easily flooded, stay away after a good rain
<review# 565,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2011,8/2/2011,838,696,2,3,4>This place was delicious! They offer a lunch special of two slices of pizza with two toppings each, and a soda for $6. What a deal! The pizza was New York style thin crust. The toppings, and the size of the slices were quite generous! The staff was friendly, and the food came quickly! The place was immaculately clean- they've even won a Blue Plate Award for their clean kitchen! The menu offered quite a dizzying array of pizza toppings! They also offer sandwiches, subs, gyros, and salads. Big G's might be a bit hard to find for the novice. It's located in the back of this strip center, next to a laundromat. In all, it was a great experience! The food and service was quite impressive! I'll certainly be back!
<review# 566,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2010,8/1/2011,78,151,2,2,3>Alright they get 4 stars because of their burger, which I only had a bite of, but my husband loved it! I got the veggie pizza. It was good, but covered in greasy cheese, which was unexpected from a swanky place like this! If not for the burger, they probably would have gotten 3 stars. We split a wine flight which was nice. They even give you a little card which explains each wine in the flight. My husband enjoys reading the description while I sip each one. I would go back, but maybe just for a glass (or flight) of wines...
<review# 567,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2011,7/31/2011,107,118,2,6,3>Gwendolyn is a refreshing (and welcome!) addition to the San Antonio restaurant scene. The place is small, with only a handful of tables as well as a charming patio overlooking the Riverwalk. The chef here focuses on fresh, seasonal ingredients, with all perishable goods grown/produced within a 150 mile radius. For dinner service, you have the option of either a 3 or 5 course tasting menu, with the bonus of amuse bouche. We opted for the 5 course, and every dish we had was scrumptious. The service was also quite lovely. The staff was attentive without being intrusive. I was told the menu changes every few weeks, which is all the more reason to return!
<review# 568,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2011,7/29/2011,232,93,1,5,3>One of the Best if not THE BEST place in San Antonio! I have been going for ages and I have never been let down by service or quality or experience. Fun for a first timer or a seasoned pro. The staff will walk you through anything you want, They have proper tea house seating and tradition seating. Small Private Seating rooms with pull curtains for groups of four or more and a wonderful selection of Japanese Beer. The Chefs are really Japanese and if you speak it then you get to hear them gossip! Its cute. The son of the owner still works there and he is probably one of the coolest cats from the 50's you will ever meet. There is a market in the same parking lot that has goodies. Its mildly priced. I love the cucumber salad they bring as an appetizer and the miso soup is delicious. Don't ask for lemons.. Trust me on that.  It is a local joint that is really cute and they grow a lot of their own stuff which is awesome!
<review# 569,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2011,7/28/2011,37,47,1,9,1>Would recommend these guys for any plumbing job! They arrived on time, were very neat and clean, polite, explained what they were going to do, and did what they came to do in WAY less time than the gal on the phone told me they'd be able to. They cleaned up after themselves, and everything worked great when they left. Can't say enough good stuff about this company. I'll be calling them back to take care of my a/c, as well. SOON!
<review# 570,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2010,7/27/2011,397,255,3,6,5>I finally had a chance to try out EZ's I was impressed right off the bat how family friendly EZ's looks. The dinning area which was really cool looking with an aquatic theme with fish decor, and with loud bright colors. The staff greeted us, and was very helpful in helping us make the right menu choices. I ordered the chicken tenders, my boys ordered the pizza and chicken tenders both with fries, and my wife ordered the chicken caesar salad.  The drinks are self serve with the average choices of sodas and tea. We waited about 15 mins to get our food not bad. My chicken tenders were alright, but nothing special. My boys like the curly fries, and thought it was cool that the pizza comes with them too. My wife like her salad fresh and had a lot of chicken in it. I did see the rosemary chicken plate on the table next to me; it looked really good and hardy. Something I would want to order on our next visit. The price for everything was rather cheap, because it was a Wednesday and on Wednesday kids eat free with every adult meal purchase. So we only paid like $18 for all four of us to eat; a great value in my book. My oldest son joined their Summer Reading Program. He filled out the registration sheet with some books he had already read for another reading program, and received some free stuff, sunglasses, coupon for a free 7" pizza, and a Tee shirt. The only problem was they only had big sizes, so I have new tee shirt. Overall I thought EZ's was worth the visit; my kids like it a lot and felt very welcomed. I know we return soon my boys were already planning our next visit. But, that being said I really thought food was average and nothing special. I give EZ's 4 stars I know I will return especially on Wednesdays for kids eat free day Yeah I'm Cheap and Cool.
<review# 571,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2012,8/28/2012,32,48,3,6,4>If you're at the intersection of I-10 west and West ave. you're naturally inclined to drive with the windows up, doors locked, and a little more aware given that it's not a safe neighborhood. But since I'm newbie in San Antonio, I stumbled upon this area by accident and I feel very fortunate that I did because I found this boot repair craftsman!  Although I did not get the elderly gentleman's name who greeted me and repaired the boots, he was very thorough and professional about inspecting the work that needs be done to repair your shoes. He can only speak Spanish but, his craftsmanship is worth learning the language.    The building itself has tons of catholic paraphernalia, and he is always watching spanish talk shows and novelas on a sofa behind the check-in counter!  For $75 I got brand spanking new leather soles and my boots polished to a beautiful slick black!  He accepts cash only, is closed on christian holidays and the parking is very hard to access!
<review# 572,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2012,8/27/2012,245,102,1,8,5>Cute coffee shop! We were driving around randomly on a Sunday afternoon and happened on art of java. When we walked in, we were immediately greeted by the owner and a few updated special boards. Two boards were listing the daily food offerings, one listed the specialty coffee drinks. Now, these specialty drinks weren't typical Starbucks type drinks, rather interesting drinks like "Mary valentine" and "George's brain smoothie." The seating was a mix of leather couches, leather arm chairs and traditional wooden tables. Local art was featured on the walls, and there was a carpet area perfect for mellow coffee shop performances. I can imagine this place really having a great vibe, but it was noon on a Sunday, so it was understandably more sedate. Art of java offers a larger than normal array of options for your drinks, notably the sugar free syrup choices. We only tried the iced coffee, and opted for the cold brewed variety, which was massively more delicious than the typical large chain ice coffee.
<review# 573,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2012,8/26/2012,84,393,2,3,2>My grammy could make a mean bundt cake back in her day, and would make me extras when I was in college to freeze.  Now she has too many health problems to cook, and I don't always have the patience to follow the recipes.  Nothing Bundt Cakes is the only bakery in town that rivals what grammy used to make.  The lemon bundt cake is melt in your mouth amazing.  They offer red velvet, choc choc chip, white choc raspberry, lemon, marble, pecan praline, carrot, white choc, and cinnamon swirl.  All drizzled with thick cream cheese icing.  They offer 8 or 10 inch bundts, tiered cakes, bundtlets, or a dozen bundtinis, which let you sample most of the flavors.  The lady who runs the store is extremely friendly and helpful, and explains everything to her customers.
<review# 574,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2012,8/25/2012,838,696,2,4,4>Wow! So many serious sauces! Incredible! I got the two different "pocket pies" they had. Indian and Creole. They were really like empanadas, but I guess that's the SA way of saying it. I was blown away by the selection of sauces they had. Carrot Habenero was incredible. Their chipotle sauce out of this world! They had a pineapple one too, which was outstanding. All of them were much tamer than I thought they'd be, but some of them packed enough heat for such a hot day. The sauces were really appreciated, but the Indian pocket pie was spiced so much with curry, that it was so overwhelmingly spiced that the sauces were truly overpowered, and were difficult to enjoy with such strong curry. Not to say that I don't like a strong curry, but I wish I had tater tots or something neutral to sample all those sauces. I dunno if they had fries, but those would have gone really well. The Cajun pocket pita was delicious, packed with sausage and wonderful. The Cajun one wasn't nearly as spiced as the Indian one, but still great! The service was friendly! I liked getting the updates on where the food is, and what's going on!
<review# 575,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2012,8/24/2012,36,227,2,3,3>The perfect name for this perfect place.  Every city has one.  A place that matches or even overbounds the comfort of your own home - an escape.  Slight european, slight americana, there is a feeling here, an energy, balanced as if by accident, that never wanes - and it's only getting better.There is something healing about a double expresso, a good book, and a quiet cafe sidewalk patio.  Try it on a Sunday morning and you'll never stop.  There are shops here that inspire creativity and tastes that will make you believe again, that, indeed, to eat is to truly live.  il sogno, the Sandbar, C.I.A. Bakery, are all fine examples.There is often something going on for people to gather, be it an event or cause.  It is afterall, the perfect venue - just north of downtown in the center of this great city.  Every Saturday you can find the freshest ingredients for the weeks menu at the Farmer's Market starting at 9.  And if you want to really experience the Riverwalk, then start your venture at Pearl.  Paved walkways, exploding with multicolored foliage and local art, continue all the way to the downtown loop.  There are bikes to rent if your not into walking, or hop on the river taxi here.  This is also one of the most addicting places to run in San Antonio.  Go as far or as long as you want.I could write much more, but you'll just have to experience this pearl of San Antonio yourself.  Absolutely what I define as a best kept secret!
<review# 576,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/29/2012,8/23/2012,94,341,1,5,2>I pass this place every day on the way home from work and have seen their happy hour sign outside before. It seemed too good to be true! My curiosity was piqued and I had to try it out! It's good and the happy hour is cheap. We got a huge plate of tasty sushi for a very reasonable price plus I got a nice glass of wine to go with it. I only ate sushi and was pleased with the quality and presentation. There were a number of other menu items that I will go back and try. They had lots of noodle selections and I love me some noodles. There was some awesome all you can eat special that looked pretty cool. I think it was weekends only. They also had an extensive offering of fancy rolls on the regular menu. The happy hour menu included nigiri and maki sushi which was fine by me. It did not include the big fancy rolls on the regular menu. The service was competent and friendly. Overall assessment: Good place to eat some raw things.
<review# 577,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2012,8/22/2012,285,293,13,10,8>Is it at the bottom of a ramp in a windowless basement? Yes. Is it next to a sketchy motel? Yes. Did I think that it was possibly a scam? Yes. Does the name make me want to barf? Yes.But is it a great workout? Yes.As oogy as the name is, these bootcamps are ideal for someone who wants to work on stamina, stength, toning, and health, and doesn't want to spend hours a day doing it. The workouts are 30 minutes, held three days a week. There are morning and afternoon classes. No weights - it's all using your own body weight.It's a freakin hard class. Expect lots of pushups, burpees, things that make you want to kill yourself. But it's only 30 minutes, so even when it's so hard, you can push yourself through knowing it will be over soon.Jonathan, the trainer, structures the class in 30 second to 1 minute bursts of activities, so you never feel like things are going on too long.There are hair ties and bobby pins in the restroom if you forget yours.It's mostly ladies, but there are some men too. Unlike some bootcamps I've been too, men will definitely get a lot out of these classes and won't feel awkward.If you like a cool down, you'll need to do your own, as there isn't one in this class. For me, walking up that steep ramp to leave is enough.If you want a good, short workout that will show results and you don't want to have to join a gym to get it, try this bootcamp!
<review# 578,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/18/2012,8/21/2012,144,109,4,4,5>I stopped into Cafe Punta de Cielo today on my walk into work. After reviewing their pretty extensive menu, I decided on a Cafe Au Lait. The flavors are very smooth and clean. No harsh bite or too much acidity. Next time I want to try the Cafe de Olla-a spiced coffee.The interior is modern, fun and bright (much different than the Subway that once inhabited the space) and the staff is friendly and helpful. They sell all their beans for take home and they also have a grab-and-go lunch selectionsMy only beef with my pop in visit today, was that it took a long time. This isn't such an issue if you are a tourist and want to slowly start your day with your coffee and a news paper (as most of the patrons this morning were doing), but this sista' has to get to work! I think if you work downtown and have the time, you should give them a try. With far more seating than the Starbucks down the street, it would be a great place for a business meeting.I'm glad there is now more coffee competition on Houston Street.
<review# 579,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2012,8/20/2012,31,144,2,5,3>I cannot believe I did not finish this review as I so love this place.  To start with, its just a great place to hang out and try new food. They change their menus every few weeks so enjoy the food as you get it, as it may not be there when you get back.  The atmosphere is very friendly where the staff takes pride in telling you about their food.  You almost feel as if they will go to the back and cook it themselves for you.  But there is a reason they are proud of your food - its really, really good.Ben and I went and based on Christina's suggestion we tried three different items on the menus.  Spoiler alert - these items were not there the next time I went.  Okay I had the most yummiest pork belly in a red sauce and wrapped within some special uncooked dough.  I think they tapped into what is the Essenes of yumminess and came back with this dish.  It was one of those dishes that you just want to eat until you have to release the top button.  We then tried the smoked fried chicken.  Okay the pork belly still rocks as the best but this was really really tasty also.  What a unique thing to do - smoke a chicken and then fry it.  It was smokey and crunchy - another hit.  The last item was the green beans with a pigs ear.  Kinda tasted like it sounds.  If you like green beans that have been steamed - you will be very happy.I recently went with a friend and again was met with great hospitality from our server Amada.  She also recommended three plates, but we were not too hungry so we stuck with two - and were happy with our selections.  First item was corn in some type of cheese and lime gel and topped with popcorn.  Yes Popcorn.  What a great flavor and texture combo.  We did learn we were suppose to mix it up to ensure the lime gel was properly dispersed.  My friend Liz for some reason got all the sour notes since we did not know to mix.  The second item was a BLT sandwich.  This is not the typical BLT - well you are at the Monterey so don't expect the normal.  It had a fried green tomato that was perfect in texture and in flavor.  The bacon on the sandwich was about 1/4 inch thick and the most dried salty porky flavor.  Lettuce is lettuce so not much to say there.  It was topped with some red sauce that really brought all the flavors home.I recommend this place wholeheartedly.  It is such a unique place and the servers have always been great to me.Eat well
<review# 580,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2012,8/19/2012,157,156,2,5,2>I had a great experience here with my little brother. I took him here while my parents were on vacation. I thought it would be a great way to spend time with him while waltzing off with a new creation.He chose an angry birds piggy bank and I chose a margarita glass for my sister's upcoming 21st birthday. We went on Saturday at about 12 PM. It wasn't overly crowded but there was a birthday party going on in the party type area on the right.There is a good selection of items on their shelves. Children of both genders will find something of interest. You may want to warn the kiddos that they won't be able to leave with their piece that day. I received a call back on the following Thursday to inform me that the pieces were ready for pick up.Both he and I were satisfied with our experience. The staff was friendly and helpful. We had no trouble finding anything we may have wanted. This is a great activity for kids but I also enjoyed it as an adult. If you're in need of a unique gift, I'd suggest checking here. You will find something for everyone.
<review# 581,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2011,12/6/2011,44,42,4,4,5>Great Thai food at an affordable price! I gave 4 stars only because of the less than stellar parking situation but nevermind about that. They have a nice lunch special menu with lots of different options. As soon as you are seated for lunch they greet you with soup. Not sure what it's called but it is delicious and is a great hangover cure. I do know that it has chicken, cabbage, carrots in it an it is delicious. I have had the red curry beef, green curry chicken, and the drunken noodles. All were fantastic! Also the staff is probably the quickest I've seen at refilling your drink. I bet you won't be able to let your tea or soda fall bellow half full at anytime during your visit! They have a couple Thai beers and a decent wine selection too, and it won't break your lunch budget, they are very affordable. I haven't visited for dinner yet but I will soon. They rate their spice level from 1 to 6 I told them to go to 11 (nod to spinal tap) and I was left with a runny nose and hiccups for the next couple of hours but it was worth it!!  One lunch at Bangkok makes a hard man humble.
<review# 582,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2011,12/5/2011,125,331,1,9,6>Ya' just gotta love this place!!!  I am especially impressed with the northern part of it that has extended the river walk up to the old Pearl Brewery.The new (actually 2-3 years old now) extension is sooo awesome and much more family friendly than the section in the downtown area.  I don't want to criticize the DT portion because it is awesome too, but the northern extension should not be overlooked.The northen extension seems much more natural and more "park-like" as opposed to the bars and restaurants that line the DT section.The northern section also has numerous pieces of art work adorning it.  From giant fish, to hobbit like/cave like systems underneath trees, yeah they got it all!Great place to take the kids as well as the family dogs - lot's of people walking dogs around here - GREAT job on the extension San Antonio!!!P.S. don't forget to check out the river barges going through the river "lock."  It's slow, but it's an awesome "dude" thing to see.
<review# 583,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2011,12/4/2011,14,42,5,4,3>This place is a must eat... Warning...come hungry as you will and should be eating a whole lot here. Secondly, vegetarians beware. Impeccable service coupled with awesome food. This is truly a heaven for all carnivores alike. Once you sit at your table, flip over the green card to get the green light and let your eating journey begin. You will be delighted by all types and cuts of meat from steak to chicken to lamb. The salad bar is an epic treasure at it has an incredible selection of salads, meats, pastas, cheeses, etc. Eat until your heart is content. You may have to end up hailing a cab as we were not able to drive home after eating our hearts out.
<review# 584,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2011,12/3/2011,32,166,2,7,4>My work colleague and I really enjoy our monthly lunch adventures.  We choose different places relatively close to our place of employment on the far west side of town, and we have tried everything from Peruvian to Philippine in our neck of the work woods.  A surprising number of different cuisines are represented out west, if you let Yelp guide you off the beaten path.  Today, we brushed off our passports and ventured to El Salvador, and we were so glad we did!  Atlacatl is a hole in the wall on a strip center off of Culebra, outside the loop.  Our server was enthusiastic and guided us through the menu.  My fellow lunch adventurer and I ordered Salvadoran versions of aguas frescas--hers was beautiful: pineapple based with chopped fresh fruit on top.  It looked like something you could enjoy while lounging under a palm tree, and it was delicious.  I had the Salvadoran version of horchata--surprisingly pink in color (like strawberry milk!), it was creamy and cinnamony.  Neither drink was too sweet and complemented the many menu items we sampled.  We took our server's suggestion and ordered a combination of appetizers: tamale (big and wrapped and steamed in a banana leaf!), yuca (holy moly fried starchy goodness), plantanos (sweet and dense) and a beef empanada (great flavors of corn, meat and carrot well balanced together).  All were tasty and came with interesting condiments and salads that really brought out the flavors in the various dishes (salad and salsa for the yucca, crema for the plantanos).  Mi amiga had the bisteca, which was very tasty thin steak in a tangy sauce, served with rice and salad.  I opted for the pupusas--a complete lunchtime bargain at roughly $2.00 each; I ordered 2 and enjoyed them both, especially with the sides, a slaw and a  fresh tomato salsa, which I added to my pupusas at our server's helpful suggestion.  San Antonians looking for a Central American dining adventure should definitely check out this spot!  The only miss was the sign on the door that said the credit card machine was not working--be prepared and bring cash.
<review# 585,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2011,12/2/2011,7,43,3,3,2>Okay...as much as I love this place for it's atmosphere, great beer selection, and as an alternative to pizza chains...the pizza itself is disappointingly straight forward, no frills. Well...I guess thats not a bad thing. When you're looking for that familiar taste of a classic pizza, look no further than Pizza Italia. They do exactly what they claim to do...and nothing more. But if you're looking for a pizza that transcends pizza...that is outside the proverbial pizza-box, keep a-lookin. I made the mistake of judging the "new" pizza Italia for it's bland margherita pizza, that I had when they first opened their new location. I had become accustomed to the tasty pepperoni pizza slices I had enjoyed many nights, before a show at Jack's. The margherita experience kept me from returning for a while afterward. When I came back a few months later to give them another shot, my plan was to stick with the tried and true. The classic pepperoni. As far as pepperoni pizza's go, I have to say this is right up there somewhere in the top. Everything is delicious and fresh. The sauce can't be "topped". The dough is definitely "upper crust" and...okay I ran out of puns. Oh, and the pepperoni...okay I wont go there. Besides the pizza, I recently got hooked on their baked ziti. Mama mia, la dolce vita. More than anything I find myself craving that on a weekly basis.I'll keep coming back to Pizza Italia for cold beer and great pizza. It beats the hell out of their competition across the street anyway.
<review# 586,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2011,12/1/2011,12,31,2,6,1>No one was more excited to have This restaurant open in San Antonio! Seriously no one, I contemplated camping out by  the coming soon sign when I first saw it, while walking out of that one restaurant...hmm what was the name of that other place...something about a yard err...It was only two of us but we get really excited about food so we just order to our hearts content.Anyways, the shrimp tostada bites are still top notch equivalent to ATX.Chicken artichoke stack was also amazing, chile relleno, and mushroom enchiladas were all well executed. I'm glad this place is in our city, also I recommend this place to everyone and have not disappointed! It is fairly inexpensive as well. I read some of the low ratings and don't find them to be justified. Seriously who the hell orders a burger at a southwestern restaurant, there is so much to experience the menu is certainly creative. Bleh anyways, explore the menu let yourself be intrigued and have fun.
<review# 587,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2011,11/30/2011,99,42,,4,3>The whole cupcake trend has been popular for some time now & San Antonio is starting to catch on! Probably the best cupcake shop in San Antonio. I love going there and I used them on two special occasions (my best friend's engagement party & my boyfriend's birthday).  Great flavors my personal favorites are "Jessica Rabbit" (red velvet) and "Pink Champagne" which they use actual pink champagne to make. The location is cozy & cute. Prices are inexpensive. They have large cupcakes & mini cupcakes which are my fav because the are usually so rich that a mini is more than enough. I even had the opportunity to meet the ower Kate because my sister is considering using them for her wedding! She's very sweet! The shop is shabby chic. At the front of the shop it's like a boutique where they sell purses, jewelry, etc. In the back of the shop they have a little art area for children & a very cute sitting area that is perfect for a group to sit & enjoy cupcakes. I highly reccomend this shop, it's wonderful :)
<review# 588,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2011,11/29/2011,38,493,2,3,1>Tito's doesn't get as much buzz as the Mexican restaurant up the street, but we preferred Tito's food. It was delicious and fresh. The place feels old and authentic, nestled in King William in an old building on Alamo. The only complaint we had is that the server mixed up our order, but the stuff she delivered was very tasty. I was very happy with the chicken in my enchiladas. My wife was somewhat less happy with the beef, but she's really not a beef person.I found Tito's tasty and comfortable. I'll be back.
<review# 589,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2011,11/28/2011,91,43,2,4,4>There are some places that you walk into and you can see the history. At the downstairs bar in Hotel Havana, you can feel the history.Located in the basement of the legendary Havana Hotel, this downtown gem is a must stop for anyone looking for a good drink in a great bar.When you step off the elevator it feels like you've stepped back into the 30's or 40's and onto a different continent. Having lived in Europe I know a little something about old world drinking establishments. And this place in on par with any I've visited across the pond. When I'm here I feel like I could be in Spain or England. It's that good.The drinks are good, maybe a little pricey, but you're on the Riverwalk & I feel like I'm paying for the ambiance as well and I have no problem with that at all.So if you are feeling adventurous & want to skip the posers & tourists that make the Riverwalk the Riverwalk & Stone Oak, Stone Oak, then be bold and make your way to the basement of the Havana.UPDATE!!!! UPDATE!!! UPDATE!!!!Since this review Havana has open their new bar, Ocho.Simply put It is without a doubt the best thing to hit the Riverwalk since the museum extension open. Located on the same site as the old Cool Cafe, Ocho brings a new sense of style and refinement to an area that could always use more.Even though they have a full bar I recommend giving the house specialty drinks a try. From the St. Martinique Punch to the Hemingway Daiquiri these are full of flavor and pack a pretty decent punch. I'm just glad that I can call this place my neighborhood bar.
<review# 590,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2010,11/27/2011,190,18,2,2,3>Homemade Italian, FTW! The service here is exceptional.  The Linguine ai Vongole (linguine with clams, white wine, olive oil and parsley) was wonderful -- took me home to the New England Italian food I so miss.The space is small and intimate. Dress is dressy casual. Listen up boys: This is a very nice date venue -- says classy without being pretentious.
<review# 591,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2010,8/30/2010,7,46,4,6,2>First and foremost, I'd like to thank each and every Yelper! who Yelped Panda Inn! Just when I'd given up on finding good chinese food in San Antonio, I looked to Yelp! for help. I have to admit, I was a bit skeptical bc I have had the worst chinese food of my life here in town. I was most surprised when I saw the "Panda Inn" pic come up in the reviews because I drive by this place like every other day. I always thought the place was abandoned! Once I got inside, it was like a time warp:-) The carpeted front counter (the sides) were so out of the 70s, as well as the art on the walls, and the dusty stuffed pandas which were a little on the creepy side:-/ But, that doesn't matter! The food is what matters! And at least a B on the front window. Wait, I forgot to check for that. Does San Antonio even have the restaurant's cleanliness grade on the front entrance?Anyhow, the rice was good, and the chines chicken wings were huuuuge! Almost the size of a drumstick. I ordered the house special rice and the chinese chicken wings. Yum!I did have to wait 20 minutes for takeout, but it was 6:30pm when everybody else was ordering take out too, and there was a small crowd inside. I would call it in next time.
<review# 592,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2010,8/29/2010,62,15,3,4,3>In the back of my mind, the jazz music was playing...John Mayer was singing along with his electric guitar riffs in the background echoing off my wine glass.  That's the way I imagined my night at Copa would end.  It all started with my love affair of the hummus so magnificently spiced that I swear it was spiked with pork.  "Is this vegetarian?" I asked the waiter.  My first waiter I ever experienced went out of his way to ensure me and my date had a memorable time and genuinely enjoyed our date.  Whether he knew it was our 100th or 10th time was not relevant..."There is no pork or animal fat in it...and you're welcome."  I enjoyed his sly response as I welcomed his matter-of-factly tone to something I was sure would be an unfavorable answer.  Nonetheless, I ate up.  And up and up.  Tonight me and my sister went back for happy hour after having such an unbelievably good visit the first couple of visits.  Again, I have a fondness for the hummus and tonight it was 50% off so for me, it was a good night.  Immediately after being sat at the bar however, we encountered the hell of all wine bartenders.  "What would you like?" she said in her most uninviting voice.  "A red,"  I said.  "Not too dry, you have a lot of selections," I said...she gave me the look that implied that she was not there to help me choose a wine (blasphemy!) but simply to pour a glass to not accompany the hummus I ordered and disregarded the vast selection.  (I'd like to think I have a somewhat thorough wine knowledge.)  I ended up ordering a Tempranillo that I somewhat enjoyed followed by a garnacha that I'd trot the globe for.  To accompany our chickpea tastings we ordered up a three cheese pizzette.  It was no Dough, as it was a little bit soggy in the middle but it was able to curve my workplace hunger.Now, this place would easily get 5 stars for every other experience I have had (as well as every glass/bottle and serving) except that tonight I met she-b**ch and her earth name was in the form of Lucy.  I ordered the chocolate cake since it looked gluttonizing on the menu.  When it came to my table though it was cold, and tasted like it had been refrigerated for hours.   After a few bites we decided this could not be eaten enjoyably and asked if it could be exchanged for another dessert like Crème Brulee.  There were some words about why this couldn't be exchanged and all in all I ended up with a seemingly, previously frozen dessert that we were unable to exchange for a fresher one (blasphemy #2!).  This inevitably led up to my (surprisingly) unhappy response to a place I favor so highly on my lists of places to frequent.  I will most likely venture here again though against my better will to exchange in a what must be, holier than thou hummus experience and not so usual wine lists...who am I kidding...I love this place.
<review# 593,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2010,8/28/2010,42,75,1,6,3>This place has a great menu for reasonable prices. I have liked everything I've ordered so far: the crab cakes, salmon salad and shrimp poboy. They also have reasonably priced wine flights. Inside reminds me of some of the restaurants we'd go to before moving out here from Calif, definitely a good ambiance.  You can sit on the back patio which extends pretty far back and not lots of noise.
<review# 594,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2010,8/27/2010,74,116,1,2,1>We stopped in for breakfast this morning and we were thrilled. We ordered the White Chocolate Mocha and we both agree that it was the best we have EVER had. We both ordered the Crab Benedict and we were not disappointed. The lumb crab was so yummy. I had the potatoes and hubby had the fruit. The roasted red potatoes were cooked to perfection. Our waitress was hip, fun and friendly. This is definitely going to be a regular for us. We took a Blueberry Muffin to go for the boys (they are huge). I had a bite and it was very good as well. There isn't anything bad that I can say about this place except that I wish it were closer to Fort Sam Houston!!!
<review# 595,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2010,8/26/2010,19,29,2,3,3>I had a work hour to kill, so I needed a place to work virtually vs. spending time driving.  This place filled that need.  It is cozy, it is eclectic with it's used leather couches, wooden tables, etc. They have books and puzzles and a TV in the corner  that was playing Friends while I was there.  What I was a major fan of is by every table there was an electrical outlet.  Hooray!  My phone, laptop, or some electrical device is usually dead when I work virtually.  I also was NOT heckled by any means by the young lady Barista; other posters mentioned unpleasant experiences w/some staff.  The other patrons ranged from college kids to two businessmen to a couple groups of 50+.  My tea was $1.85 after tax.  Cool.
<review# 596,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2010,8/25/2010,117,143,3,6,3>Aloha mai e!If you're ready for the only authentic Hawaiian food in San Antonio (at least as far as I know) then you're ready to make the drive, bradda, to Aloha Grill.The family that owns and runs the small restaurant has been in San Antonio for decades, but maintains strong ties to Hawai'i, especially since  they still have family on basically every island in the volcanic chain. What's that mean to you, mainlander? It means you get to munch on delicious potato chips made from spuds from two-three different Hawaiian islands.  They're different colors because the potatoes absorb the volcano-enriched minerals in the island soil. Yup. Awesome. Feel free to dip them into the mango papaya "salsa" they're served with. It's unique and very tasty.It also means if it's your first time having Hawaiian, or just want to have a classic, you're gonna want to try the Huli Huli Chicken.It's rotisserie cooked chicken breasts with a bed of sticky white rice, but what makes it truly worthwhile is the huli sauce. It's homemade and doesn't have a bunch of preservatives or artificial ingredients. It's made with real honey, so you know it's good.Oh but wait, there's more: coconut creamed corn. I'm not an alliteration fiend, you read that correctly. It's corn. It's creamed. It's got coconut amazing deliciousness mixed right in. Do me a favor and TRY not to eat the bowl and possibly your fork after you've devoured this side dish. Be sure to tell the folks at Aloha Grill "mahalo" at the end of your meal, you know you'll want to.WAIT! Don't overeat! You have GOT to save room for dessert. If you need to decide between the haupia (gelatin-like dessert, flan-ish) or the mango pie, well, good luck. But I can tell you from personal experience the mango pie is AMAZING and homemade. Just like my Hawaiian (best friend's) mama used to make.I could go on and on about the true Hawaiian hospitality at this aptly decorated restaurant, but you really owe yourself a visit. Their hours are also very islander, so here's your unofficial notification (also on their website):LunchMon thru Fri, 11:00 AM to 2:00 PMDinnerTues thru Sat: 5:00 PM to 8:00 PMNow komo mai e ai (come in and eat)! Aloha!
<review# 597,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2010,8/24/2010,75,101,6,5,5>This is the ONE thing that I miss about living right off of Stone Oak Blvd. Nothing else and I mean that whole heart-idly. NOTHING ELSE. We never went to Green Fields with the intent of getting everything off our grocery list. I like to get grass fed beef and no steroid chicken when I can and this place is a good place to do that. When my better half is in a grilling mood, I talk steaks and I always think about the fillet from Green Fields. I have purchased fillet Mignon here that was wonderful and probably the best I've bought anywhere and the prices on the wine are stellar. They always have little tastings going on, but those do nothing for me...they only make me want more. We've also come here for some occasional produce, but I have been slightly disappointed with that sometimes. When you find something on sale there, it's usually priced much lower than HEB, but the quality sometimes is questionable. We've also grabbed a chocolate chip cookie and muffin from the bakery and they were AWFUL. Yeah, that bad that I had to Internet scream it. They were both hard and dry and tasted either old or like the person they've got baking is just confused. Basically, I had to rate this review on the meat we've bought there, as well as the wine. They carry one white that I used to buy for three bucks a pop and they're the only place I've found that carried it and I miss it. I really miss it. Meat and Wine Selection and Quality=5 Stars Price of Meat and Wine=5 Stars Produce=2 Stars (Can be hit or miss) Bakery=1 Star Price of everything aside from Meat and Wine=2 Stars I suppose in my mind, that comes out to 4 stars. Don't try to reason with my logic. Just go with it and know that you'll find a good steak here and a good bottle of wine to go with it.
<review# 598,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2010,8/23/2010,285,293,4,5,3>Wonderful! Went on a Tuesday night at 7:30. I've tried to go before on weekend nights and left due to the long waits, so I made a reservation about 45 minutes before. The restaurant wasn't too full when we got there, but you never know.Inside, the decor and staff is very impressive. Suited managers, white coated wait staff, huge wine room, low lighting. I've seen a few complaints about the noise, but it was fine for us.The food was awesome. We decided to split everything, which we told the waitress, and they thoughtfully served our courses in twos. Started with the lobster bisque, which wasn't as sweet as most. It was a little peppery even. Delicious with some of the fresh bread. Then we had the sashimi tasting of ahi, salmon and halibut. Everything was very fresh. Then we split the chopped salad which had all kinds of seafood, walnuts and a bit of bleu cheese. Afterwards, we were still a bit hungry so we ordered the blackberry cobbler, which came fresh out of the oven in a cast iron dish. It was bubbly and gooey and had a scoop of vanilla ice cream on top. Perfect.We didn't get any wine, but the wine menu was extensive, with a many whole bottles and a decent selection of wines by the glass. Definitely going to come back, although we will probably always make reservations first.This place is kind of pricey, but we had an appetizer, meal, salad, and dessert for $57. We opted not to do individual meals with sides, because the sides can add up and are almost too much food for 2 people.
<review# 599,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2010,8/22/2010,72,69,4,4,3>Food here is always good and served in Texas sized portions. Sitting in the sunroom is nice, esp during those San Antonio summer days when it is beautiful outside, but one prefers not to be out in the scorching heat. Two main words for you mr/mrs/ms review reader:ONION RINGS.Once-you-dive-in, you-can't-stop addicting! They are mos def in my top 5. Of course, this is my opinion which is the "i prefer my onion rings big and thinly battered or crunchy" type as opposed to the stringy or sweet kind. Ranch dressing rocks here...(yes, i review Ranch dressings)
<review# 600,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2010,8/21/2010,88,312,2,6,5>I've been a FB fan of this place for a longgg time and had intended to stop by when it initially opened - better late than never, right?!  After eating lunch at Mad Hatter's , and none of us wanted to go home, we decided to check out The Friendly Spot!  **The Liberty Bar wasn't an option since they only had a few beers on tap and only table service before 5 p.m.**It was a scorching 95 degrees when we plopped our butts down on the colorful lawn chairs.  Thankfully the space has a few big trees to provide shade for the thirsty guests.  We were there on a Sunday and the beer specials were:  $2 Shiner longnecks and $3.50 Racer 5 Beer - we ordered a few of both.  They have a great selection of beer and it's great to see a place like that in Southtown!  We need more of it down there!!The crowd is a mixed group of families, couples, and overall age range.  A DJ showed up around 4 p.m. to entertain the crowd with oldies but goodies.  If you're strolling around Southtown, stop by and have a brewski!!  It's a great alternative to the Flying Saucer.
<review# 601,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2010,10/30/2010,117,143,6,9,5>For something completely different and "not typical San Antonio" visit this swanky spot on Loop 1604.Located in a shopping center, like so many of San Antonio's bars, this current hot spot offers an elevated experience, great music, and a lush smoke-free atmosphere.They recently decked out the upper deck (yeah I said it) with beautiful cabana-style seating, perfect for a celebration. There's a bar inside and one outside, so you shouldn't wait too long for a drink. Want to make absolutely certain you don't wait at all? Order bottle service, have your space reserved, and get spoiled by the amazing cocktail waitresses!The dress code is pretty straightforward: men don't show up in t-shirts, shorts, or flip flops, ladies dress like you're actually going out someplace nice (because you are), and they generally don't have any issue. I've asked the staff to outlaw Ed Hardy wear...I'll get through to someone some day.I hate waiting in lines, and most of my friends feel the same way. Inevitably there's almost always a line at Ivy Rooftop (you'll see why when you get there), so to avoid waiting get there a little early (9:30-10p should be good).Please drink responsibly.
<review# 602,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2010,10/29/2010,285,293,4,3,1>After a couple days after my tuneup, engine was making weird noises. I called Gabe, he said to bring it in. Turns out, the power steering fluid cap was loose and fluid was coming out. They filled it back up, tightened the cap, drove it around to test it out. Then Tim asked me if he could clean off my engine. I asked if the power steering fluid would hurt the engine. He said no, he just hated that the engine was dirty after he'd cleaned it already, so it bothered him. So he cleaned my engine for me.All of this was free. I just thought it was awesome that Tim is bothered by dirty engines. We all have our funny work quirks, things that bother us. Way to look out for my car, guys!
<review# 603,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2010,10/28/2010,72,69,4,5,5>Oh, how my taste buds *heart* you JM. They were flooded with pleasure & amazed every time i took a sip of that appropriately named beverage. Some might think "How can someone mess up a smoothie? There's only like 5 ingredients." Well, trust me...YOU CAN. i've had some pretty horrible ones- be it too grainy, made with too much ice or the added elements taste like crushed up pills. Not this one sir/madams-This Is Smoothie Heaven. My Man shares my enthusiasm and he's a bit of a smoothie connoisseur (it's a thing). i can freakin taste the freshness of the fruit! Medium and large sizes come with a free boost. For all you sports fitness fans-they have a wide variety of supplements and vitamins available. i'm totally willing to pay a tad more for these perfectly blended, chilly beverages...
<review# 604,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2009,10/27/2010,34,56,5,5,5>This is such a fun spot!  If you like out of the ordinary and quirky places you should definitely visit the Toilet Seat Art Museum.  Barny Smith is the owner and artist and is quick to share stories of inspiration for each of his seats.Part of the draw to this place is the plain fact that it's so unbelievable!  What's even more boggling is that Barney has even made an appearance on The View!  He'll even show you a recording of it.If you are looking for a fun and memorable outing you should consider visiting Barney Smith and his toilet museum.  Note:  Hours seem to vary.  You just call to see if the museum is open.  Also, the museum is in Mr. Smith's garage.
<review# 605,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2010,10/26/2010,70,182,4,6,6>Biga easily earns its five stars.  They have stellar service, excellent fare, and an atmosphere unrivaled on the otherwise touristy Riverwalk.  All the food is delish, from the signature salmon pizza app and Hawaiian onion rings to the halibut main; and if you skip out on the sticky toffee pudding dessert you shouldn't be allowed to dine at nice places ever again.  The wine list is surprisingly well rounded.  There are plenty of private dining options, and I'd recommend booking a table by the window so you can see out onto the river below.
<review# 606,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2010,10/25/2010,34,64,6,7,5>It took my parent's constant nagging and an upcoming weekend at ACL to get me to get a haircut.I despise getting a haircut, not because of any trauma but mostly because of convenience. Since my freshman year at Trinity, I've been going to a barber shop close to the corner of Wurzbach and Ritteman.  It takes a long time to get there, a long time to wait, and a long and often itchy drive to get back to campus.Why go through all the trouble?I was sick of getting crappy cuts.Then a friend told me to try Doo or Dye.Yes, the outside looks like... well I don't know what, and the website looks like the 90's era internet puked on it, but they know hair. And better yet, they know Asian hair. This is the first place in San Antonio I've found that has Asian (or more specifically, Japanese) hair style magazines. Even though I've never used one, it was a bit reassuring to see.Flower gave me my cut, and I've got no complaints save that she left the back a little long. But you know what? Thats isn't a problem because they offer a 7 day satisfaction guarantee on their cuts.Piercings, ink and taste in music be damned, they know hair. I'm definitely going back... maybe by graduation.
<review# 607,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2010,10/24/2010,88,312,1,1,1>Where do you take out-of-town visitors who want to stuff their faces with puffy tacos?  It must be Los Barrios!  I mean, Bobby Flay did have a Throw Down with these folks for a reason!  The chips and salsa on the table were great!  Chips were perfectly crisp and hot!  I had the Snacking Platter # 2.  My favorite part was the burrito!  YUM!  My sister and my friend had puffy tacos.  The tacos were tasty and not overly greasy.   I had never been to this place before, just the Redland one, so I was pleasantly surprised that the food was absolutely delicious!
<review# 608,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2010,10/23/2010,157,156,1,3,1>Goomba's is a great place to get a cheap and delicious lunch on the South Side of San Antonio. For just under $5 you can get a drink, side salad, and HUGE slice of pizza.My coworker suggested this place for lunch one day so we phoned in our order. The staff faxed us a menu and we called it in. It was ready shortly after we arrived (It's only a five to ten minute distance from my job to this location).The staff was very friendly and the tables were clean. I used to work at a restaurant so I praise any place that can keep its restaurant pristine.
<review# 609,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2010,10/22/2010,234,170,6,9,7>I just got home from my first visit at Boudro's, and I'm happy to report that it did not disappoint. I admit, I was a tad skeptical about the quality of the restaurant anyway 1) because i've been feeling all kinds of jaded lately, and 2) it's on the Riverwalk. Although it's a bit too hot in August for my preferences, the patio, right on the river banks, is quite lovely, albeit in a touristy way. I wish the seating inside felt slightly less cramped, but I was very pleased that our table for ten was swiftly accommodated right on time, and our drink orders were taken and delivered promptly. Glad to say that that level of service was maintained throughout the evening. A few words about the menu: there didn't seem to be a clear-cut section for drinks, but their margarita with Patrón, Cointreau, and lime juice on the rocks, while not on the menu, is divine. True to form, I imbibed one too many, but only because they were so good. ;) I was also pleased with my entree, the grilled seafood platter. The standouts to me were the seared scallop (served with some kind of cilantro chimichurri-ish sauce), and the fish filet. The lobster was yummy enough, but not so tender, and my shrimp were almost cold, but I still appreciate that everything was flavorful. The sides were a jicama vegetable slaw, which was just the right amount of vinegary to wake your palate up, and a corn pudding, which complemented the smoky grilled seafood and provided just the right starchy note.The tableside guacamole was also a hit (I think every single person mentioned the orange juice as significantly contributing to the unique flavor), as were the crab and shrimp enchiladas, which I did not get to taste, but garnered their share of ooh's and aah's.  The table passed a couple of desserts to share; I had a couple of bites of the bread pudding--full of flavor, not too sweet, and the perfect texture.I'm new to (living in) San Antonio, and am still getting to know the city. I'm so glad to find another restaurant that I liked as much as Boudro's, and will definitely be back soon to sample more from this downtown gem.
<review# 610,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2010,10/21/2010,17,56,3,7,6>Tonight, a friend insisted we head over to this place once she had heard that I was a Florio's Virgin. And my happily full belly is quite thankful! I walked through the doors and immediately took in a deep breath of delicious pizza smell. We went around 8:15 on a Tuesday night and didn't have any issues with service or waiting a long time to get our slices.  We sat at the bar and chatted it up with Patricia while we waited. (She also has a fab cake business - Patty Cakes. But I digress...).  When our slices came out, they had a perfect sauce to cheese ratio and a slightly crisp crust held it all together! They didn't skimp on the olives on my friend's slice either...it was covered!  We weren't planning on dessert, but after talking with Patricia about her Red Velvet Cake, we were sold!!!  She told us a couple special tweaks she makes to her recipe, but I won't divulge those secrets here, you'll have to try it for yourself!  The cream cheese frosting is just oozing with sweetness and the slight hint of cheesey flavor. HEAVEN! She also makes cheesecakes that I hear are legendary but you have to catch them when you can - I hear they go fast!  I will definitely be back to try more...I have my eye on the white pizza with ricotta!!
<review# 611,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2010,7/26/2011,28,83,,3,2>The record store (IMHO) caters to those who love them some Metal...   that said - they have a fine collection of punk and its many sub genre's too.They bring in an number of new indie releases in various formats and they also carry music form local acts.  (San Antonio, Austin, Texas)What often gets overlooked here is the incredible Zine/Magazine/Book stash at the back of the store.The store also has a rather large collection of band shirts...  most are metal bands - but if you don't own an Iron Maiden shirt, you should probably correct that as quickly as possible.They also have some other local shirts available like - Keep SA Lame.
<review# 612,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2010,7/25/2011,65,131,3,3,2>yes i realize im giving a burger place 5 stars. Its nothing fancy really kind of a dive. But when it comes to a cheeseburger with fries this is better than any fast food! You order at the window then sit and wait. When I was a kid this place was john the greeks and we went there a lot so just being in the building again was cool for me. They have a big tv that plays sports a little too loudly in my opinion but it was mostly city workers and men in uniform. Food came out fresh and hot after about ten mins. I was full 2/3 of the way in but while my dad and husband sat there and talked I managed to finish it! Fries were cut fresh none of that frozen crap. Dang now I'm hungry!
<review# 613,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2011,7/24/2011,37,164,6,6,6>Dear Los Patios: Shame on me!I have no valid explanation as to why it took me so long to find you. Yes, I'd seen your enticing "shop, dine, discover" sign from 410 - but was always on my way somewhere else, and never took the time to investigate.  From the moment I first pulled on to your secluded drive, though - and was actually able to bask in your beauty and serenity - I've been furious with myself for not stopping sooner.Going forward from this point, I PROMISE to think of you first when I need to purchase a perfect gift; find an accessory or jewelry; dine in a lovely and tranquil environment; acquire a plant or floral arrangement; or just browse, on your exquisitely lovely acreage!As Ever,Shawn M.--------------------------------------------------­---------------------------------------------*AHEM (tries to wipe dreamy, smitten look off face)*  So here's the short and long of it:North of 410 - tucked very neatly between Salado Creek and Northeast Baptist Hospital, and concealed by a veritable forest of graceful live oaks -is the shopping venue known as Los Patios.I am simply astonished that no one else has reviewed this location; perhaps, like me, other people just don't realize it exists. It's not a venue that you'd go through on your way anywhere else, and since its resplendence isn't obvious from the road, why bother, eh?Well, I'll tell you why.  Imagine a mysterious, magical setting dotted with tree-lined, sun-dappled paths, and beautiful buildings - housing wonderful little boutiques with stunning merchandise...Voila: Los Patios!I regret I didn't find my way here before Christmas (sorry, Krys, this would have been perfect for your "shop local" list!).  But in the meantime, there's Valentine's Day - and even sooner, National Answer Your Cat's Question Day, National Blonde Brownie Day, Measure Your Feet Day, Australia Day and National Kazoo Day [yes, REALLY. You seriously don't think I could make these things up, do you?].So go, meander, look, dine, buy....just save me a parking space, okay?  PLEASE??  Or I'll be really miffed that I let you in on my secret!
<review# 614,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2010,7/23/2011,28,69,1,3,5>While not the cheapest place around, one of the best in my opinion for one stop shop action.  They carry all of the best brands, Mountain Hardware, Patagonia, Marmot, North Face, Benchmade, Surefire, Suunto, etc...Plenty of climbing, camping gear, hiking shoes/boots, basically all of your outdoor goodness.I work overseas and these folks are super cool when it comes to shipping and answering questions via email also.  Big plus!I think the 2 star rating is a little harsh from the fella looking to score SCUBA gear outside of a dive shop...I don't mean to be rude, but REALLY GUY...GO TO DIVE WORLD.Every time I am in town, I stop here to browse and I've NEVER made it out empty handed!
<review# 615,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2010,7/22/2011,202,256,6,3,2>"...and do you think that by saving poor Catherine you can finally stop those lambs from screaming?"Hell no!  Season that bad boy up and slap him on some pita bread with grilled onions, red ripe tomato and that garlicky tzatziki cause I got a hankering for some Gyro action, yo!(I apologize for stooping to the vernacular, but there it is.)I have sworn my eternal allegiance to Mina and Dimi's when it comes to Greek food in San Antonio but unfortunately I am rarely out by Lackland so when the need arises we look elsewhere for it.  Papouli's is a nice fix with all of the fresh flavors and choices one would expect from a Greek joint.  Good seasoned lamb, nice tangy feta, soft pillowy buttered pita and some really excellent creamy hummna hummuna hummus.I think the time has come for the Gyro sandwich to go mainstream and replace some of the less interesting burger choices lining the highways and bi-ways of our burgeoning city.It's Greek to Me, Papouli's, Mina and Dimi's, Demo's, if you haven't tried them then do yourself a favor and do so.  If you're a little intimidated with the menu then just order a Gyro with fries to start and go to town, the rest will come later."...fly away now little Starling.  Fly, fly, fly."
<review# 616,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2011,7/21/2011,43,53,,7,2>We went here on a referral from one of their regular customers, and were really glad we did.  The manager was very friendly & made excellent suggestions.  Hubby & I decided to order 2 different burgers & split them.  We had the Flaming Flaco & the Jalepeno Ranch Burger.  We liked them both but preferred the Flaming Flaco.  Their beef is very flavorful & each burger is cooked to order.  it takes a little longer but well worth the wait.  We are very happy to have found such a great burger place so close to home & the prices are awesome!  Looking forward to going back & trying breakfast.They also have a pool table & their were some folks who were enjoying it a lot.
<review# 617,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2011,7/20/2011,1439,1280,5,12,8>Okay, so you'll have to forgive me, since I *do* give Sichuan Cuisine mad props for being so absolutely yummy; however, I'm still an Asia Cafe in Austin, TX fan first.  BUT - I will not let it deter me from giving them all the awesome credit they deserve!I mentioned Asia Cafe because that was the first place (and closest at the time) I'd found out had authentic Chinese food.  And even though I go on regular trips to Austin for volunteering, gas was about to damn near kill me!  So you wouldn't imagine my happiness when I found out about Sichuan Cuisine.  I was worried though but tried to remain as open-minded as possible about what they would have and if it would hold up to my standards - especially since Asia Cafe had set the bar up as high as they did.I was really craving ma po tofu and twice cooked pork (belly) so my bff and I headed straight here and relished the menu!  Wow.  They had the tofu and pork plus spicy fish (but they call it boiled fish with spicy sauce).  We ordered all three (hungry geocachers that we were) and decided if anything was left, it would be tomorrow's lunch.  :)  I'm glad we did.  Now, their ma po tofu is not as firm as Asia's Cafe but no matter - the flavor made up for everything.  The twice cooked pork & the spicy fish was also spicier than Asia Cafe's!  Wowsers!  I was crying and smiling all at the same time!!An additional note, the employees are really great.  As soon as we walked in, we weren't sure if we were supposed to seat ourselves or wait (there wasn't a sign available) and one of the guys walked right up to us and told us to help ourselves to wherever we wanted.  I ended up talking with one of the ladies that worked there and told her I was craving REAL Chinese food - not Americanized Chinese food - and she laughed and said, "No.  That's not here."  It sure wasn't and I'm absolutely happy about that!::: (\_(\*: (=' :') :**.. (,(")(")°..*`»
<review# 618,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2011,7/19/2011,96,305,6,5,4>This review may or may not be biased because I've never actually had real "Texas BBQ" before, and I tend to be the type of guy who falls in love with the first good thing that comes along his way and gets heartbroken years later... but I digress.Rudy's seems to be under an odd impression that it's the "Worst BBQ in Texas" and seem to pride themselves for it. While I commend their sense of humor and unwavering dignity even in the face of negating superlatives, in all sincerity this place is beyond amazing.My particular experience involved me accidentally stumbling upon this place after a long day of baking in the hot Texas sun in Seaworld. At first glance this placed looked like some sort of gas station, until I gazed upon the huge neon sign that read "home of the worst BBQ in Texas." Intrigued, I stepped into the cabin-esque structure to find what resembled a butcher's shop, serving whole chunks of dry/moist brisket, amazing roast chicken, sausages grileld to perfection, with a side of the most amazing sweet cream corn I've ever had in my life.Although my experience might be slightly different given the specific circumstances of my visit (this was the first restaurant I visited on my first weekend off from military training at Fort Sam) but this place is magical on a cool summer's night--good food, good people, coupled with a few lone stars and the fact that this place somewhat has a hidden feel to it since it's kind of out in the middle of nowhere. (right next to the freeway, somewhat isolated from civilization)I can proudly say that after having dined at Rudy's I have for the first time in my life experienced that "being at the right place at the right time" feeling--actually reading back on this review, I realize that I've done a very poor job at elaborating  my exact thoughts and sentiments about this place, but this place is awesome beyond words, and I intend to revisit so I can put up a more complete/relevant review for this place.PS. this place is super military-friendly; they offered me a 10% discount during Memorial Day weekend...
<review# 619,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2011,7/18/2011,169,43,9,15,7>I moved to San Antonio about 5 months ago from California, & not being able to eat any more Filipino home cooked meals my grandma & my mom would cook me was really depressing :( This whole week I have been having a really bad craving for Filipino food (especially Pork Sinigang & Kare Kare), so my boyfriend decided to take me to Lily's today. YAY!The lady behind the counter greeted us with a warm hello and was very friendly, & when I looked around the place it reminded me sooo much of the Philippines & home.  While looking at the menu all I could say was "Ooooh they got menudo! Oooooh they got dinuguan! Omg they have Crispy Pata!" I didn't know what to order because they all looked good. I ordered Kare Kare, Sinigang Pork, & the Menudo not knowing that every order you make comes with a plate of rice. Oh well! I was in a hurry to have the waitress take our orders I didn't really read the menu that much. I loved how they showed TFC on their television screen. Reminded me so much of how my grandma would put it on when she cooked. We waited about 10 minutes for the food, & when it came out I could not wait to dig in, it looked great & smelled delicious! Their portions were a bit small though =/ but it was okay. I was so hungry I even ate the extra plate of rice. The Kare Kare was PERFECT! I can honestly say, it was better than homes. Sorry grandma! The Sinigang was sour just the way I like it. My boyfriend thought so too! The Menudo was okay, I had better though. My boyfriend loved it. On our way to pay our bill, I noticed they had sticky rice cakes! Also known as Puto. We bought two so I could let my boyfriend taste it for the first time & he loved it. Our total came out to be $22? Which was great! I think it was about $5 a meal plus $2.99 for the Puto. I will definitely come back here again. Service was great, food was great, the portions were small though but it was okay! If you want authentic Filipino food, Lily's is definitely the perfect place to go!
<review# 620,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2010,7/17/2011,204,426,5,5,6>The worst thing about arriving at the airport? Remembering that you are not wearing socks. The best? Vino Volo! You thought I was going to say getting felt up by TSA right? Vino Volo is a nice little retreat carved into the airport situated near the food court and a crappy souvenir shop. Go on in, get comfortable, charge your electronics, have a glass or two and stay awhile. My last visit yielded two new finds. Llano 2005 Viviano Cabernet and Trinitas 2005 Old Vine Zinfandel. Gotta love those coasters! The coaster you receive details the wine you ordered. Can you tell I really must clean out my purse? I had such a nice time that when I had to leave to catch my flight I left my cell phone charging just so it could soak up the ambiance a bit longer. No...I mean I had a bunch of wine and halfway to my terminal I remembered that I left my cell charging. Duh. Vino Volo almost ruins the $6 glass of crap most airlines pass off as a nice glass of wine. I take that back, any booze in the sky is nice.
<review# 621,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2014,7/18/2014,117,143,1,12,9>Finding a good, reliable shoe shine in San Antonio isn't easy. Your first visit to see Angel and his son will change all of that!Quick, courteous service, and a hot liquid shine that lasts! If you're getting your shoes shined by anyone else, you're wrong. They're located behind North Star Mall on Rector, inside Joseph's Men's Store (suite 132).Don't forget, they only accept cash.I'll probably see you here, so say hi when I'm sitting next to you getting the best shoe shine that money can buy.
<review# 622,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2014,7/17/2014,29,98,4,9,7>Definitely in the top two BBQ places in San Antonio for tasty, tender, moist meat. I had the pulled pork slider - perfect smoke on the meat and two types of bbq sauce available on the table. Very nice sized sandwich and the bun was perfect - soft brown on the outside and soft and fresh inside. I got it with a side of spicy cream corn. Wow, it was so delicious! Perfect bit of heat and so yummy. They are working through some opening kinks but the food is just as amazing as it always has been in their truck. Congrats to The chef and crew!
<review# 623,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2014,7/16/2014,130,134,2,5,5>Wanted to try a new place, but it had to be a burger (One of those days).  We settled on Iron Horse because we were in the vicinity. Drove up and got a front row parking space.  We walked in and were met immediately by a nice young lady.  When she found out we had never been there, she really took her time explaining ordering, food, drinks, etc.We both ordered burgers and a large combo of rings & fries.  We got the large order due to Yelpers comments about the quantity of rings on the small order.The food was served really fast, and it was really fresh (no sitting under some old heat lamp).  The burgers were really big, and the large order of rings & fries was more than we could eat.So how was it?  It was good, and we will go back.  Was it the best ever?  No, but we will give them another chance to change our opinion.If you have kids, they have a great play area out back underneath the giant pecan trees. They have a large bar in one area, and they had the Spurs playing on all their tv's.  It is not really a sports bar though.
<review# 624,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2014,7/15/2014,29,100,5,8,5>Simi's, I love you. You always seems to cheer me up when I'm starting to get hangry. You have a way about you that I just can't explain. Your buffet, though small, is always hot and fresh. Your samosas are always light and crisp and the perfect beginning to the feast that awaits. The chicken Tikka Masala is always tender and delicious. It's a very mild flavor, but it complements everything else on the plate so well. When I'm feeling virtuous or need to keep vegetarian because it's Lent and it's Friday, you know exactly what to do. You provide me with plenty of veggie curries, yummy channa masala, saag paneer and perfectly cooked and spiced lentils. Your naan is always, hot and fresh. It's soft with the slightest crispy char for textural contrast. Your greatness isn't limited to your lunch buffet. Your servers are always friendly and professional and never let me see the bottom of my glass. Your iced tea has a delicate spice of cinnamon and cardamon. You are always prompt and accommodating to my annoying take out orders. Even the way you package your take out orders is perfect. Overall, Simi's, you're my favorite Indian restaurant in town. Though, I may try others, I always come back to you.
<review# 625,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2014,7/14/2014,167,36,6,7,6>Welcome to the adult's only playground! Man! They really have everything to entertain the kid at heart. Pool, darts, play station, Jenga, sports games, and UFC fights...need I say more? Honestly, when I walked up to what was formally Nice Racks, I was expecting a place that was more divey than this. I didn't expect the place to be so well put together. There's plenty to do, and more importantly, plenty to drink. Everyone I've encountered here was really great. The bartenders and service are quick and friendly. I sat in Bekah's section and her bubbly personality was contagious. She's definitely my go-to girl! (And should be yours too.)I only tried one specialty drink, and that was what I docked a star for. It was a margarita with a jalapeño liquor in it. I was very excited, but very let down. Next time I make my rounds and stop in, I'll try a new one and give y'all an update!
<review# 626,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2014,7/13/2014,43,77,3,8,6>Stopped in for breakfast this past Saturday & will say that I foresee a lot of future visits while they are open. Had a BL raspberry doughnut & preceded to buy the remainder in their kitchen to take home & share. Quiche was spot on. Perfect crust, moist eggs with the right amount of filler. Coffee if I had to guess was intelligentsia. The vast patio has a nice view of the river, is covered and has fans. A very relaxing setting. If you enjoy The Monterey, Barbaro & Hot Joy, you will enjoy Wild Beast.
<review# 627,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2014,7/12/2014,80,87,8,9,5>I'd like to address the comments on how "greasy" Taco Palenque's food is. Dear friends, this is a taqueria. If you are counting calories or concerned about your arteries, go eat kale at home. Also, those lamenting how super flat and/or "paper-thin" Palenque's tortillas are, must be a little confused. Let me assure you that tortillas, even the flour ones, are not supposed to look like pita bread. Am I a fan of Taco Palenque? I'm a fan of tacos, and TP's tacos are outstanding in all of their different formats. I've never had any of their soups, plates, parilladas or desserts. Just tacos and quesadillas. I highly recommend the tacos caseros, adobada and pirata. Even their basic fajita tacos go unmatched by their rival fast food chain. No this is not gourmet Mexican food. The place is not fancy. The staff is sometimes distracted. The tables are not always super clean. But if you really wanted any of that you wouldn't be at Taco Palenque. Be lucid and, above all, be reasonable. Taco lovers, late night owls, lonely depressed folk, and netflix binge watchers, hear me out: You deserve a real tasty taco with juicy meat that is seasoned just right and a tortilla that gently wraps, yet never overpowers, the goodness you deserve to put in your mouth. OMG I almost forgot to mention my absolute favorite part. Their portions are ridiculously generous. One taco can actually turn into two tacos and they give you extra tortillas because they know this.
<review# 628,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2014,7/11/2014,204,426,,8,7>Citrus is beautifully flooded with daylight during lunch and sleek and sexy when the sun goes down at dinner service.On the upper level of the Hotel Valencia, less for the awesome balcony seating, one can easily forget they are in downtown San Antonio.  Not that you would want to, it is just very different from other downtown dining options.The menu is limited, but changes seasonally and is well thought out and well executed.  I like comfortable dining even if the setting is formal but I found the dinner service to be a bit too casual.  The service was a bit slow even thought we indicated early on that we had 8pm tickets for a nearby performance.  I would absolutely return for the pasta and paella bar lunch and would consider giving dinner another try.Notable, the music during dinner service was amazing 90s alternative hits.  The music completely did not fit the setting but man, we loved it.
<review# 629,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2014,7/10/2014,119,309,,15,4>Great sausages and authentic German sides are what they offer at the Dresden Cafe, and what great offerings they are. From the moment we walked in we were welcomed as new customers. We were also offered samples so I tried the full gamut. On the mildest end of the spectrum there is the Brat. There's is a true version of this standard bearer. On the hottest end is the Czech sausage. The heat was there but not right up front. They also have a fresh garlic which is much milder but with good garlicky flavor. Going into it the Hungarian had my attention. When we lived out in Palmdale there was a Hungarian Deli where we used to buy wonderful sausages. Dresden's didn't disappoint. The most unique standout was the Valencia. It was a spicier sausage that was flavored with a touch of orange zest. The spice on that one definitely builds as you consume it. So I opted for a Hungarian and a Valencia. I got my son a brat wurst ans we shared some mashed potatoes and sauerkraut. The sides were also all made in house and the kraut was more like a vinegar based slaw than like canned kraut, way better! Everything was delicious and made from scratch including some wonderful mustards and curry ketchup. The prices are amazing and that along with fast friendly service makes The Dresden Cafe a winner! I look forward to bringing my wife here and a six pack of German beer with us in tow!
<review# 630,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2014,7/9/2014,245,102,6,8,7>This place is so unassuming, but it's a great little hidden gem in my current hood.  Yes, it's a recycled Pizza Hut, so the ambiance is a little weird, but are you really going for sushi on Nacogdoches for the ambiance?  You can get a bento box for lunch and get out of the door for under $10.  For me, their bento boxes are at least 2 meals, but for most people, it would just be a very large lunch.  Trust me and go with the bulgogi.  It's delicious!For dinner, you have the option of any of the traditional or specialty rolls that most places around town have.  The selection is huge, but unlike that other popular place, everything isn't deep friend and cream cheese laden.  They also have other dishes if you're not as adventurous and just want something like an Americanized Chinese dish.  They won't judge you for that order, but I will.  I'd love to keep this place a secret so I can still get in and out for lunch in half an hour, but I want them to stay open!
<review# 631,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2009,6/30/2010,38,53,4,9,4>Garcia's is the real deal.  This restaurant, family owned and operated, puts out some of the best, authentic Mexican food in San Antonio.  The breakfast tacos, enchiladas, carne guisada and carne de puerco are just some of the standouts on their menu.  Known for their Mexican food, they also have a variety of local favorites including the Garcia Burger, chicken-fried steak and the brisket plate.  I've been eating brisket my whole life and Garcia's gets it right.  Their brisket has a real smoky flavor and a juicy tenderness that sets theirs apart.  And the service will make you feel like a welcomed guest in someone's kitchen. The Express News Critics' Choice list Garcia's as one of San Antonio's best for Mexican food. Colorful, informal and reasonably priced, you can't go wrong eating at Garcia's.
<review# 632,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2008,6/29/2010,122,156,4,5,3>YAY!! We finally found a decent Japanese restaurant in San Antonio with FRESH FISH! The place definitely doesn't hold a candle to the spots in SF, but this has been the best Japanese restaurant me and the bf have been to so far. Since I spent Christmas in Texas and neither one of us have family out there, we had Christmas dinner here with a bunch of other medical interns. Thank god I could dive into my yummy food and ignore all the doctor mumbo jumbo! All the sashimi we had was really fresh - definitely get the charashi to get a some bang for your buck! So I can't complain about the sushi because everything we had was great. BUT Pat ordered some toro nigiri and it cost him TWELVE DOLLARS! Holy crap! Uhhh...obviously he didn't look at the menu before he ordered cuz his eyes nearly popped outta his head when he saw the bill.
<review# 633,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2010,6/28/2010,74,299,4,4,4>Who knew there existed a restaurant nestled in between Flying Saucer and New Balance?  I came in on a Wednesday night, and was seated outside in the perfectly lit patio.  We were brought bread with homemade butter and ricotta cheese, and raw carrots & celery in a light oil.  Our main courses of salmon and clams both came with pasta and were not at all heavy.  Portions are just right (smaller than most restaurants)..  Our dessert of chocolate torte and gelato was freshly made.  Throughout the meal, the server was very attentive if a little odd in her humor.  The setting inside was very nicely decorated and most patrons were well dressed.A couple dining here should expect to spend $60 and up for dinner.I'll be back for the happy hour, as I hear they have a good selection of two for one appetizers and drink specials, albiet a small bar.
<review# 634,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2010,6/27/2010,46,30,2,2,1>Needing a pick me up after a tough Friday night pub run, I scoured the town for a place with bottomless mimosas for a Saturday brunch and came accross Madhatters.  After rounding up some of the other poor running souls we took ourself in and stood in line to order a meal + mimosa fishbowl.  We sat outside on the enclosed patio and it felt quaint and a perfect environment for a small group gathering.  The whole table stuck with two slices of bread with different variations in between combos.  I'd have to say everyone agreed that the food was so-so and we all had food envy for the other patrons that had gone with the scrambles and breakfast burritos.  The experience treated us well in that we loved our fishbowls, walked out feeling better than we did walking in and will stick with the breakfast items next go around.
<review# 635,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2010,6/26/2010,32,32,3,5,3>El Taco Tote, is a regular place for my wife, daughter, and myself to visit.  The reason we regularly visit is because its one of the few AUTHENTIC MEXICAN restaurants near us.  This is a far cry from Tex-Mex, which I completely cannot eat (except for Migas) because everything is smothered in greasy cheese and sauce.  El Taco Tote is a refreshing departure from that.  And to top it all off its prices cant be beat!  And for my fellow gluten-free peeps out there, most of the menu is meat and build your own tacos, so its safe by simply asking for corn tortillas.When we first started coming to El Taco Tote (the one on I-10 near Wurzbach), we quickly figured out the best menu item for us and it just so happens to be their specialty.  The "build-your-own" fajita style meals are great.  You have meat options out the wazoo!  Barbacoa, Pork Adobado (similar to Al Pastor), bistek, shrimp, beef fajita, fish, sirloin, chicken fajita, and chicken adobado just to name a few.  And they even let you split a full order and have two half orders of separate meats to let you mix things up.  As I said my small family comes in orders the "Platter for Two" and this comes with 2 drinks, plenty of (2) charro or refried beans, (2 cups) great rice, and all the salsas you could shake a stick at.  And all for around 16 bucks!Overall the menu is extensive with an excellent variety of options, the food tastes fresh and not processed, and the salsas and tortillas (both corn and flour) are homemade and to die for.  My wife tries to sneak home a few extra cups of their salsa every time.  Its great to have this quick, good tasting taco joint close to home.  And to top it all off they have a bunch of TVs to show all the world cup games!
<review# 636,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2010,6/25/2010,220,318,1,2,1>The deco is modern, but the place is unassuming.The food is deceptively simple: sandwiches, and salads...but with a loving attention to detail. My only gripe is the lettuce on the sandwiches is shredded iceberg instead of some green, leafy delicious.I've enjoyed everything I've had, but I highly recommend:pobalano soup (my friend almost crawled into the bowl)sweet potato friescurry (split the large portion if you can) (not a spicy curry; just delicious)
<review# 637,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2009,6/24/2010,202,256,3,3,4>How could I have forgotta about La Fogota? "13 years it's been and yet..." Our fine city has so many great places for Mexican food and some not so great so you really choose based upon your location when the desire strikes. Living so far out in the suburbs the chances of that desire striking while you are in the neighborhood of Vance Jackson and I-10 is not very likely. Today, however, returning from Florida and not having any time to eat along the way, we had to have Mexican food and we had to have it now! By the way there is a reason this country is filled with all levels of Mexican restaurants in the most remote places you would least expect a Mexican restaurant, because our food is good! I say this because South Florida is filled with Cuban restaurants and that movement remains regional and the reason for that is. Well you get the picture. La Fogata is a San Antonio institution and that's why it has managed to thrive in this area that would not expect people to go out of their way to visit. Today we had one lunch special and one mixed enchilada plate. The special was a combination plate of grilled chicken fajita strips served with sauteed onions, cilantro, fresh green onions, avocado slices, fresh tomato slices and pico de gallo. More than enough for two tacos and delicious. Accompanying it were three jumbo ancho glazed fried shrimp which were sweet, spicy, tender and perfect. A cup of their chicken caldo completed the deal and the server could barely put the plate down before my wife had attacked the caldo. Oh, and I had ordered the lunch special. The enchiladas came with one green smothered in a tart tomatillo sauce, one beef with a well seasoned filling and rich chile con carne, and one cheese filled with a great Oaxacan typed melting cheese and another delicious gravy atop of it. It is so great to be home!!!
<review# 638,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2009,6/22/2010,74,116,2,4,2>Excellent Customer Service!I called for an appointment and the first Saturday appointment available with my stylist was three weeks away. Not bad for a high end salon. I booked the appointment for Saturday at 1pm. Thursday night I got an e-mail confirming my appointment for FRIDAY at 1pm. I started to panic because I had already waited so long to get my hair done! I replied to the e-mail stating that my appointment was booked for a SATURDAY, not a FRIDAY. About half an hour later, I received another e-mail with an apology that stated that they could confirm an appointment on SATURDAY for me.I arrived about half an hour early on Saturday. My stylist was running behind because of the mix up with the appointments. It was not a big deal for me, I had no problem waiting. She is worth the wait.However, I was not prepared for the wonderful reception. Dana came over and apologized and wanted me to know how important I was to them. She had catered in lunch from Little Italy and fixed me a wonderful plate of the yummiest Pasta. She made sure I had something to drink and promised me a small gift before I left.My stylist did a great job, as usual. Upon leaving, I did not see Dana anywhere and the receptionist that took my payment did not mention my gift. Of course, I am not tacky enough to bring it up so I left without one.The next day I received an e-mail from Dana. She wanted to confirm my address so she could forward my gift. Wow, I am just blown away at how awesome this place is!
<review# 639,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2010,6/21/2010,5,16,1,5,3>Rainy, Thursday afternoon.  Stop in to check them out.  Great!  My daughter and I shared a Mango Margarita (happy hour is from 2-7!).  It is made with fresh mango and is very smooth and delicious.  We also had the Mini Fiesta Sampler that had 3 mini beef tacos, 3 mini chalupas, and 3 mini enchiladas (1 poblano, 1 chipotle, 1 cilantro).  All 3 of the enchiladas rocked!  The cheese used is muy delicioso.  The flavor of all of them was amazing.  The tacos & chalupas were tasty, nothing super special about them but, really, what can you do to make beef tacos or chalupas fancy?  I highly recommend Tito's.  Can't wait to try breakfast there!
<review# 640,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2009,6/20/2010,99,76,6,7,5>I had a perfectly wonderful planned lunch of salmon packed away in the office kitchen. But the siren song of the 18th & I (EYE) st hot dog cart got to me. For two bucks a pop, you get a yummy yummy yummy half smoke with chili, melty nacho cheese and Siracha sauce. Top that off with some Crystal hot sauce and you have sheer junk food lunch perfection. The lady in charge of the cart is a real sweetie pie too.
<review# 641,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2010,9/29/2010,397,255,6,8,7>I never have been a fan of reading, I only read when I have too. You know, new toy manual, bank statement, speeding ticket etc.. When I started taking the kids to the library to get some books. I thought to myself "What the hell, I should pick up some books myself." Well it didn't take me long to figure out that I'm a really slow reader. I was in the first half of James Patterson's Jack and Jill and it was already due back. I searched around town and the Internet for a decent price to purchase the book with no luck. Then remembered Half Price Books, and found a coupon somebody posted on Twitter. So, with a %50 coupon in hand I venture over to Half Price books. I was surprised to see that Half Price Books, had a big selection of used CDs, DVDs, and old school vinyl lps. I found a lot of records I grew up with, Van Halen I, Kiss Army, Willie Nelson and the grand one of them all the Saturday Night Fever soundtrack. I wish I could have bought them all, but I will on my next visit. The staff was friendly in answering any questions I had, and they also saved the book for me when I called earlier.  My only gripes about Half Price Books is that they charge 1/2 off of the cover price, not the 1/2 of the sale price you might get at another store. So for a newer released book; you may be able to get a brand new book for just a couple of dollars more. My other gripe about Half Price Books is no matter the condition of the book its still only half off cover price. But, in my case Jack and Jill is over 10 years old and I got a good deal. If you sign up for their email newsletter they will send you coupons. I give Half Price Books 4 stars, If you shop around you might be able to find a better deal on a new book.
<review# 642,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2010,9/28/2010,78,151,1,2,2>I found out about this place through Yelp. I've been going to Starbucks a lot lately and while I'm not anti-Sbux, I'm definitely pro-local business! Since I'd heard so many things about the Chai latte here, I decided to get one (iced, of course...it's September in South Texas!). I got the Tiger Spice flavor of Chai (I was unaware Chai could come in flavors...). I also got an oatmeal chocolate chip cookie. After she warmed up my cookie and both employees gave me crap for my Starbucks cup (I'm trying to reduce waste, c'mon! LOL!) I took a seat at a small table and set up my laptop.My word is that a GOOD CHAI!!! I'm no connoisseur, but it was SO good! And the cookie (I may be a connoisseur) was also SUPERB! After a bit the guy (possibly a manager or owner) asked me if I liked it. He must have been reading my mind because I was having trouble focusing on my internet browsing due to the deliciousness going on in my mouth! He suggested that if I'm ever going to come in and stay a while I should order a hot drink because they do 'latte art'. I remembered seeing pictures of this here on Yelp. I told him I definitely would, but I needed it to cool down a bit outside! The ambiance is great. There's even a long table with dividers on it so you could potentially set up your laptop and have some privacy while still enjoying the atmosphere. I think I'll bring the hubby here when we're looking for a place to chill for a bit.
<review# 643,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2010,9/27/2010,107,118,2,13,6>I finally made it out to Leon Creek Greenway for a run here one weekend morning. I was more than impressed. The main trail is paved and quite wide, and the scenery was beautiful on a gorgeous spring day.The patronage was a mix of runners, walkers, and bikers, the large majority of whom seemed to have good trail etiquette. I started my run from the entrance on Babcok, and ran to the Bandera entrance before doubling back. The run was fairly flat, with a few rolling hills. I was amazed to find I didn't feel like I was in the city. Unless I was running by the few houses that line the trail, or under a city street overpass, I could have been in the country for how it felt. I did not stray from the paved path, but there were many unpaved trails that branched off that seemed perfect for a little mountain biking. The trail is dotted with small ponds. It was a wonderful break from my normal street runs through my neighborhood. I do wish there were more water stations located on the trail, the only ones I saw were at the parking locations.
<review# 644,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2010,9/26/2010,34,173,3,2,2>Do you like butter?Would you consider yourself a pro-butter person if it came down to a vote against the health conscious mindset?  If so, this burger is a treat.OMG the buns.  The buns.  They are sweet, buttery goodness.  It really makes you wonder why everyone doesn't use buns as tasty as these.  Even if you're not a burger fan, these buns alone would make that burger slide down your throat with delight.  If you take a look at the menu, you can tell that every ingredient is perfectly cooked in butter.  I'm assuming that it's butter, and not oil, because each bite tastes so juicy with meat and savory grease, but not in an oily way.  It's like the difference between buttered bread, and bread soaked in olive oil.  It's just got a real smooth quality that makes it that much better.The meat is a real healthy portion, and unlike most quarter-pound burgers, the meat retains a lot of volume and flavor after cooking.  I ordered a half-pounder and it was a half-inch thick and still sticking out of he bun all the way around.  It's a nice generous portion.The fries were delicious.  The tater tots were normal.This may not be the most special burger in the world, and the variety of the burger selection is pretty slim, but everything on its simple menu is done well.  I left feeling completely satisfied, if a little, well, fatty.
<review# 645,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2009,9/25/2010,37,164,,5,4>La Marginal is located in a small strip center just north of Loop 410 on Nacogdoches - unless you are specifically looking for it, you are likely to drive on past without noticing.Well, please do take notice: this is an excellent restaurant with unique decor (and sometimes, live music!).I've had their ropa viejo (yum) at dinner, and their lunch buffet.  On the buffet, the succulent roast pork and garlicky yucca were most memorable.  Less noteworthy was the arroz con gandules - rice with pigeon peas - which is supposed to be the national dish of Puerto Rico.  Alas, on the day I was there, the arroz had too much salt - and too little of other seasonings. As delicious as everything else was, I am willing to concede this may have been a fluke.Parking is somewhat limited, and getting in and out of the lot is a real pain in the neck (especially with ongoing widening of Nacogdoches: will this NEVER be completed?!?).  But trust me, it's worth the hassle!
<review# 646,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2010,9/24/2010,41,74,4,6,4>Hands down my favorite Greek restaurant in San Antonio. To most people who live way beyond the fringes of Loop 410, they'd have to wonder what would drag them out to a nondescript strip mall on the city's far westside. Well Mina & Dimi's for sure. Long popular with employees from the near by Lackland Air force Base, Mina & Dimi's have built a steady crowd of die hard fans that will pack it in for lunch time. Mina & Dimi's offer Greek dishes that are not found at a lot of the more popular Greek eateries, so if Med. food is something new to you, you will definitely find something here you might have not tried.What's best about Mini & Dimi's is the parties they throw every so often, It's about $60.00+, but you get a four course meal with wine to suit each dish, belly dancing, plate throwing and more belly dancing. The last time I went, the place turned into a mad house, a raucous party, I think even the cops were called because it was illegal to have that much fun! Why Dimi would have bottle rockets in his kitchen, I do not know?
<review# 647,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2010,9/23/2010,204,426,5,8,8>Despite it's unfortunate Stone Oak location which could impede me from checking it out before 6pm, The Green Lantern is a welcomed addition to San Antonio's list of watering holes. While sitting at the bar last night, discussing scotches and enjoying the awesome music, I thought to myself that with a little less pristine air conditioning and a bit more grit on the floors or brick walls that I could fool myself into thinking I was in Manhattan or Chicago.  We found our new favorite scotch last night my friends, who would have thought that Glenlevit would ever be dethroned but it did indeed happen.  Cragganmore 12 year.  Nice.  I had a glass of wine, a Cabernet and Syrah blend.  Green Lantern does not have a wide range of wines whatsoever but I won't be enjoying a wine the next time I visit as, well...did I mention the scotch?  Mallory L. mentioned a HH, but we stopped by after 9pm on a Friday, our tab for one wine and the scotch was $18, on par with expectations. Make a trip to the Green Lantern, descend down the outdoor concrete stairs.  Behind a heavy, dark, green lit door awaits a truly unique bar experience.  Enjoy.
<review# 648,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2010,9/22/2010,228,312,5,5,6>Oh Sweet Baby Jesus! THANK YOU for bestowing culinary excellence such as Bohanans in our fair city of San Antonio.My friend and I have been talking about going to Bohanans for a little over 2 years now...we shouldn't have even waited that long. Delicious bread to start...added bonus: some toasted crostinis with whipped cream cheese and candied jalapenos. Fantastic!I ordered the 10oz filet...awesome! Best steak I've had in SA, hands down. Had a taste of the Akaushi filet....as my co-diner said "tastes like someone already chewed up my steak", it was so tender and rich. I preferred my filet, though. Had a taste of the venison - I didn't like it, but, don't listen to me cause I never do. The folks at the table who do eat venison raved about it. The pork chops were pretty tasty...the apple cinnamon glaze was the key component, I thought.Sides: LOBSTER CREAMED CORN!!! Out of this world!! The Au Gratin Potatoes were also phenomenal. The goat cheese mashed potatoes and mac & cheese were also good.Order the Cherry Jubilee for dessert: fun table side show to watch! Think my eyebrows singed a little. The French Press Jamaican Blue Mountain Coffee is a must, also. All this and two bottles of wine: $120 each!! BARGAIN! I'll be back...very, very soon!P.S. The Bohanans Bar downstairs is secksy and cool...a live jazz band was playing when we left. They also serve a partial menu.
<review# 649,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2009,9/21/2010,107,261,3,11,4>A good Italian Restaurant is very much relative when you live in South Texas. I knew what I was giving up when I moved here. Where I come from - little Italian places that took an hour to get to and three hours to sit at was the experience of choosing to eat Italian out. Famous Italian people's mugs and autographs all spilled over the Restaurant. No need for updating - just trying to keep the place a safety net. I think of this when I am at Papa Dante's. It is clearly a drive from North Central San Antonio, but once there, you spend hours eating, being loud, squeezing into the little bathroom. It is all part of the "please don't make old Italian" go out of style. The food is incredible and there is plenty of it. I had a regular plate of spaghetti and meatballs - I was eating for days. The kids options are exceptional and the dessert's, there is nothing like cheesecake. (Other than cannoli's of course) Papa Dante's reminds me of what it was like as a child to go eat Italian for the night.... and I mean, all night.
<review# 650,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2010,9/20/2010,52,218,1,3,1>I have only had breakfast here with the occasional happy hour but what I've had its been great!!  On a nice night sitting on the patio enjoying there many different margaritas is what it is all about.  I found there breakfast to be in generous portions.  Although there are cheaper tacos in town but the quality is great here and worth the little extra.  M-F they have 99 cent breakfast tacos.  The black salsa has great flavor and compliments the food perfectly.  Overall, I would recommend this place.  Have the burritos!!!
<review# 651,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2013,1/16/2014,113,243,3,12,4>My husband and I were very impressed with the Animal Defesne League Shelter.  We had been thinking about getting another pup for a while and when we got a flyer in the mail about an open-house, we decided to check them out.Its such a nice facility, and you can tell really pracice good safety with their dogs and cats.  When I walked in,  felt like I was entering a fortress!  The entire outside perimeter is fenced and so are each of the "units" where the animals stay.  InWe checked in at the front desk and filled out a short questionere.  You don't have to be looking to adopt, but they will let you visit with the animals and take them for a walk as well.  We told them what we were looking for and the receptionist gave us a map that explained where each category of animals was located: small, medium, mix, puppy house, cat house.  Aside from how well organized they are, the staff and volunteers are wonderful.  Especially the volunteers, remember they are giving their time to help you and to help the animals, awesome!  Our adoption councelor was really great too.  As a long-time "dog mother", she was still able to teach me a lot in the short time we met with her.  I also appreciate how they really work hard to make sure the people who are adopting are "forever-home" type of people.
<review# 652,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2013,1/15/2014,21,239,4,10,3>Floore's Country Store deserves a 5-star rating based on its musical pedigree alone. This Texas treasure ranks right up there with Gruene Hall as one of the classic music venues 'round these parts. Floore's draws some of the best acts in country and Americana music. The decor is pure down-home Texas, and the food is pretty good.But let's look at the realities of seeing a show at Floore's:1. Parking is horrible. I've been there twice to see acts playing on the indoor stage, and I've had to park a quarter-mile down the road each time. I can't imagine what it must be like when Willie plays the main stage.2. The physical space is awkward. There is a terrible bottleneck at the entrance, the bar lines are chaotic, and the restrooms are a joke.3. The indoor stage is too low, making it difficult to see the performers when everyone is standing or dancing. Of course, it would be impossible to raise the stage because the ceiling is so low.4. The acoustics are terrible. I don't know whether it's all the hard surfaces in the room or just a really bad job on the mixing board, but everything sounds muddy in this place.I don't understand the policy on reserving a table at Floore's. For a recent Friday evening show, I sent an email about a month in advance requesting a reserved table for four. I received a reply saying that I could have my table, but we needed to be there no later than 7:30 (for a 9:00 show); otherwise, our table would be given away. We arrived at 7:15 to an empty establishment. We ate and talked for a full hour before anyone else came in to claim their reserved tables. Perhaps these people were already in the know, but I'm mystified why we were told to be there so early.So for all the negative things I've said here about Floore's, you may be wondering why I'm giving it such a high rating. 4 stars means "I'm a fan." I guess I can say that about Floore's, despite its myriad shortcomings. It is indeed a great Texas venue, full of charm and history. But it's a flawed gem.
<review# 653,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2013,1/14/2014,88,178,7,12,7>The ladies that work here are outstanding! I personally love Lorraine. She is really easy to talk to and has no qualms about really making sure all of those unwanted hairs are gone. There are great little pictures on the ceiling for you to look at while getting hair ripped out of your unmentionables and all of the "wax slingers" are great at keeping up conversation to keep your mind anywhere but on what they're doing. They have a ton of cute cocktail inspired hairstyles or designs that you can opt for if you don't like the hairless look. And speaking of cocktails, you can even have a shot in the waiting area if you need a little liquid encouragement. They have started using a new wax that is white that they can use as either a hard or a soft wax depending on if they mix it and it does a great job at getting all of those tougher hairs while not completely wrecking your skin. This is great for me because my skin is super sensitive and having to repeatedly go over the same spot with regular hard wax is always a painful experience. Regardless of your slinger or what kind of wax they use, these gals really know their stuff!  Oh, and they have a frequent waxer card and after so many you get one 1/2 off which is great because at $55 a pop getting a Brazilian can break some people's bank (but it's sooo worth it).
<review# 654,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2013,1/13/2014,130,134,3,12,10>I feel a real connection.  Coming from a family that lost an ancestor (Lemuel) at San Jacinto makes the Alamo even more important.  Can you imagine how those people felt?  They knew they didn't stand a chance unless the Lord stepped in.  I get such a feeling of sadness, that I can't explain, every time I go.  I wonder if people today would sacrifice like that?Step in and take your cap off.  Go to each exhibit and really read them.  Make sure to visit the long barracks & the gardens.Please make a donation if you can.
<review# 655,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2013,1/12/2014,210,68,4,7,6>San Antonio's premier smoke shop. Vast selection of products in which the erudite staff will be more than happy to assist with any questions! A variety of starter kits to high end mods, such as Grand Vapor, Nzonic, and Turtle Shop, they offer very affordable prices for all of your interests and needs. Great prices and optimum quality? Hell yeah, I am so for that. They are the only shop in San Antonio with top-notch liquid such as standard, Jameson, and Space Jam.  If you're reading through this and feel like I am speaking in another language, don't trip yet. As mentioned before, the staff is open to help a newbie out! Also, every now and then, they will have a party celebrating local artists, famous and up-and-coming glass blowers, and businesses at Supreme Smoke Shop. In early November, Houston hip hop rapper, Devin the Dude, stopped by to show some love! Joy Photobooth (joyphotobooth.com) was also in attendance where guests were able to snap pictures for free and keep a copy of the photo too! Not to mention, one of San Antonio's biggest magazines, SA Current, was also there to grace the event with their presence as well as free beer! It was a great event. More to come for sure so be on the lookout!Meanwhile, check out the smoke shop for all of your smoking needs and remember: Keep it Glassy.
<review# 656,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2013,1/11/2014,56,23,12,7,3>You don't tell these barbers what kind of haircut you want. They peer into your soul and know exactly what your hair should look like. I have been here multiple times with multiple barbers and  each time I walked out looking mad deece. 3 days later I looked even better. This place is seriously the only place I don't feel embarrassed walking out right after a haircut. You know what I'm talking about.Not only do I get a great haircut each time, they give me a beer and unlimited arcade game action. Not a bad deal, I'd say. If you don't want to get a buzz on at 3 in the afternoon, you can get a Coke Zero too. Not a big deal.The decorations look like they gave a 17 year old kid a credit card and told him to 'go nuts' at a college poster sale. Still a cool shop though
<review# 657,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2013,1/10/2014,96,134,2,4,2>We came here for brunch after we were given the prospect of waiting 60-90 min for a table at Guenther House and we decided to ditch that plan. I'm sure Guenther House is amazing, but I am fundamentally against waiting for that long for brunch. My hunger would kill me before I get a table. I don't understand why brunch places never take reservations! But anyways, I'm glad that we came here because the food here is just outstanding. We ordered the pork and grits, and truffled scrambled eggs with lobster. I can't believe they gave you a whole lobster tail! The pork and grits were just so flavorful and maybe it's the first time I've had grits with pork, but I loved it! The inside of the space was very open and artfully decorated with lots of natural lighting. You wouldn't be able to tell from their modest front, but it's like a whole new world inside. We will definitely be back soon.
<review# 658,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2013,1/9/2014,16,102,2,5,3>Looking for a new restaurant to end a pub crawl, I stumbled across the reviews for this place here on Yelp. It wasn't what I had been looking for, but the reviews were excellent. I went to their FaceBook page and, between the last few specials listed and a unique beer they were featuring (Prairie Artisan Ale's Bomb), I had to give this place a try.Funky ambiance, built in an old gas station. It was too cold for us outside, but the seating inside was good - we got there early and so didn't get any neighbors until we were nearly done. That was probably a shame, because the group next to us were lively and fun.Our server wasn't the greatest. He was efficient, but not overly informative. I wish he had explained the specials better - they sounded much better when the waitress explained them later to our neighbors. He also didn't explain that this was a small plate menu. He wasn't bad. but obviously there were much better servers we could have gotten.Food was incredible. We didn't get the specials (see above why) and ended up with the kale salad, rice fritters, brisket chili,and crispy lamb. All were absolutely delicious.Prices were very reasonable (though the Bombs were $13.50 each! Ouch). Less than a hundred, even with the very expensive beers.We will definitely be back, though we may wait until spring and sit outside.
<review# 659,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2013,1/8/2014,10,171,3,20,3>I've been at the 1221 literally since before it opened over 2 years; I had to wear a hard hat to view the place. Prior to moving here I had lived in SA for 3 years but in the Medical Center. I can now say that after living here I will never go back to the rat race that is the Medical Center or Stone Oak. I've seen the downtown area really develop these past 2 years and 1221 is one of the primary reasons why. The apartments are smaller for the price but you're paying for the location, convenience and lifestyle. The units are cool with finished concrete floors, high ceilings, exposed pipes, granite counter tops, etc. My place has one of the best views in San Antonio. I sit on my couch and my view is the downtown skyline. When New Years, Fiesta, or the 4th of July come around I become very popular among my friends as I have a great view of the fireworks and parades. As far as the apartments concerned I have no complaints.Office management has changed hands three times since I've been here but it's been a smooth transition all things considered every time. The current management, Lynd Group, is good. The office staff is nice and helpful. Maintenance is still top notch, responding to work orders within 24 hours. I must say compared to previous apartment complexes management these guys are the best. The amenities are great: parking garage, security gate from garage to units, 2 pools, 2 gyms, weekly food trucks on site, multiple BBQ pits, dog park, management sponsored parties, etc.No apartment complex is perfect and I will say some minor complaints I have are:Pool water sometimes doesn't look like it's been serviced.Dog crap not picked up in courtyards (resident complaint not management)Office closed on Sundays
<review# 660,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2013,1/7/2014,139,107,3,11,6>Very cute little coffee shop in Artisans Alley.The atmosphere strikes a beautiful balance between elegance and comfort with chandeliers, wood flooring, comfy seating and a "book of the week" (This week was Cooked by Michael Pollan which made me all sorts of happy) is posted on a chalkboard.The coffee is fresh and flavorful.  I had the Texas Pecan coffee which was rich in body and a bit smoky (oh it was a bit of heaven)  Even the cup it was served in had an elegant personalityThe food... I ordered the chicken salad and I was so very happy with it.  Nice fresh ingredients in the salad served over a bed of spinach with cranberries and pecans.  YumThe baristas were the sweetest nicest people who bento over backward to make our group feel at home.  If you are in Artisans Alley you MUST stop here!
<review# 661,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2010,8/9/2010,3,1,4,4,1>When I wake up on Saturday morning hungry for a burger and fries, this is the place I want to go!  Well, that gives you a hint about what time I wake up on Saturdays.  The Bracken Store and Cafe is cozy, cool, quaint and quite good.  They've got a keep it simple attitude and they're friendly like Texans should be.  There's memorabilia dangling from every surface including vintage photographs and a working jute box.  Note:  I'm gluten intolerant and that's another story, but if you are too, then you'll be happy to know that I can eat Bracken's fries!  Sorry, only Celiacs will get this, but it's important.  Trust me. The small cafe has a hundred years of history that you can feel when you walk in. Some heavy hitters may be sitting at the bar watching the cook while they eat.  After you order at the counter, you can sit in a booth and play footsies with your honey while you sip on a soda you self-serve and listen to some tunes.  They'll bring your comfort food. We like the cafe as a destination Harley ride.  The loop we like to ride goes something like this:  From Hwy. 281 North of San Antonio about ten miles North of Loop 1604  take the Bulverde exit onto FM 1863.  Travel about seven or eight hilly miles across the Cibolo to FM 3009 and head south on 3009 about ten miles to FM 2252 (also known as Nacadoges Rd).  Head South again on 2252 about five miles into Bracken and look for Second Street.  Turn left.  The cafe sits on the corner of Second and Bracken Rd. a block down.  After you stuff your face with a great burger or some fried shrimp, take FM 2252 South again to Evans Rd.  Turn west on Evans and wind your way back to Hwy. 281.  The loop will take you about an hour so it's perfect for a morning ride that gets you back home before the summer sun melts your helmet!One fun fact: If your timing is right, you can get an up close and personal look at the train locomotives that stop to do some locomotive business right across the street from the cafe.  We asked.  The owner says the engineers don't come in to eat much.  I stood in front of the engine, its heavy breath heaving and snorting.  Asked hubby to take a picture.  Just as he did.  The engine let off steam (or gas or whatever they let escape) and I jumped out of my skin.  Everybody watching got a good laugh.  I almost peed my pants.Thank God I didn't lose my burger.  Now that would have been bad! See pics of Bracken Cafe and Store on my photos here...
<review# 662,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2010,8/8/2010,12,9,2,4,3>My family and I have been going to Kim Tran's Vietnamese Restaurant for years.  They have a very good menu that includes your standard Americanized chinese food and also excellent authentic Vietnamese cuisine.  My personal favorites are the lemongrass chicken noodle bowl, crab and asparagus soup and the spring rolls.  Not to be confused with summer rolls, the spring rolls at Kim Tran's are stuffed with meat (pork?), rice noodles, and carrots, fried, and served with lettuce, cilantro and fish oil.  They come two per order and are cut into pieces, making them a perfect appetizer to share with the table.  The crab  and asparagus soup is delicious - the base is similar to egg drop soup and includes plenty of crab!  A bowl of this soup and an order of spring rolls are one of my favorite "crap day" meals and always satisfy!Kim Tran has recently changed locations into a brighter storefront facing Eisenhauer Road.  Open weekdays until about nine and Saturdays for lunch and dinner, this restaurant has some of the best food and service I've experienced in San Antonio.
<review# 663,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2010,8/7/2010,41,90,1,1,2>San Antonio's Best Kept Secret!I love the Landa Branch Library. It's a beautiful library set up in an old estate in the old money area of San Antonio. The staff is amazing at this library and are really on top of things. In addition to being a library with lots of books, Landa also has DVDs for rent, for free! I love picking up movies here since I'm a college student on a budget. I can even put DVDs on hold through the online catalog and pick them up at my convenience. If you have some extra time, stop by Landa and explore all that it has to offer both inside the library and out around the grounds!
<review# 664,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2010,8/6/2010,22,35,2,4,3>After almost 6 months of telling our pool service company to stop coming by I am happy to report that Leslie's has done a ton of things in helping me maintain my pool. It's not just a store that trys to prey on the ignorance of pool owners, but instead actually empowers us. They provide a friendly service in testing our pool water every month for levels of different chemicals and then tells us just what to do. If it needs chlorine, acid, shock or whatever, they tell you after the test. AND, they don't try to sell you on products you don't need!! I have to be honest, I really thought they would try to pull some scare tactic in selling me over priced chemicals and other things, but to this day I have spent about $150 total in chemicals! And that will probably last me throughout this summer. This is almost 6 months after getting rid of our pool guy, and we were paying him $180 a month! So this certainly makes financial sense. The people there are very helpful and knowledgeable on what you need to do to ensure your pool stays clear and without stuff trying to overtake your pool. I am still new to taking care of my own pool and so far she's clear as can be and my water has always been within all required chemical levels. I make sure to check it once a week with some strips I got from Leslie's as a way to test the water between monthly inspections. the girl at Leslie's actually steered me away from the more expensive test strips and sold me the cheaper ones because "they're just as good as the more pricey ones." How cool is that? So yes, they are very helpful and willing to go the extra mile to make sure you know what you're doing and understand what is going on in your little oasis. The only bad thing is that if you go in while it's busy, you may have to wait. Performing the tests they need to do on your water takes a few minutes, and if there is only one person there, you can imagine the log jam of customers. But that's a small price I'm willing to pay for their services and expert knowledge. Everything there is also reasonably priced. Aside from chemicals, they also sell a whole assortment of pool related things from underwater robot cleaners to noodles to float on. Another service they provide is any fix of a robotic cleaner, all you pay is the part costs. It's free labor and testing, again, how cool is that!?!? Very good place to get you going on your path to pool independence and getting rid of your pool service if that is what you're willing to do. Great customer service and the staff is very knowledgeable in what they say.
<review# 665,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2010,8/5/2010,270,226,6,6,7>We've done this twice. Once as a tourist, and another time as a resident. Why would a San Antonio resident hop on a tourist boat? Well, I have the perfect excuse: I was green with envy as I watched others sit their comfy bums in a boat while I dragged my over-baked body along the pavement. So forking over less than $10 for a mini cruise meant I can be quizzed on Texas history trivia without worries of being graded. I can also take in the sights without having to dodge slow walkers, there's no need to feign polite smiles at eatery host/hostesses that spend most of their shift reeling in customers, and best of all, no need to walk that much in cute shoes and still look and feel breezy.
<review# 666,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2010,8/4/2010,71,65,2,3,2>The McNay is a museum with life.  It feels like you're visiting the home of an astute art collector -- which is appropriate because it's derived from a personal collection.The exibits are diverse and engaging.  Many pieces are easy to fall in love with.It's a perfect getaway for the afternoon.  And once you finish with the museum, the grounds are a great place to wander. The old colonial home, the well manicured grounds, the ponds, and the moving scupltures, provide a true opportunity for escape from the Alamo Heights neighborhood.
<review# 667,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2009,8/3/2010,161,338,1,6,3>Now that's what a burger should taste like.  And I get to tell them I want my burger medium and they will cook it that way?  That's a bonus.  Burgers are big and juicy, the way I make them at home.  It looks like a good place to let the kids run off steam while drinking beer or wine and eating some good burgers.  They have a large wine selection for a burger joint, though I'm not sure what wine pairs well with burgers and fries.  I'll stick to the cold beers iced down in front of the ordering line.The only complaint is the parking.  There are cars everywhere and I thought we were about to witness a fight when someone felt "their" parking spot was taken by another patron.  Next time we go I'll park on the street to avoid any potential to offend the Volvo station wagon guy.  He obviously thinks he has reserved parking.
<review# 668,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2009,8/2/2010,35,235,4,9,5>So, I've lived by this place for almost 5 years, but never really noticed it much due to its location in a little used strip mall. Well, I decided that due to its close proximity, I should just so ahead and check it out. I stopped in for an iced coffee on my way running errands. Once I entered the door, I decided that I immediately liked the place just based on the atmosphere. Books cover an entire wall. It kinda reminded me of the quirky little coffee shop on Friends that had the mismatched coffee mugs and shabby chic decor. After placing my order for an iced caffe mocha, I skimmed through the menu. Nice selection of coffee drinks, pastries, and sandwiches. The prices are a steal! I was close to getting an $.80 cookie, but decided that my drink would be enough (I got whipped cream on the top). The drink was sooo good. So much better than Starbucks, and way cheaper. Next time I go, I will try either the tiramisu or the cannoli. I took one star away because they are closed on Sunday. What's up with that? That would be the perfect day to pop in for some brunch and a leisurely cup of coffee.  Other than that, though, really cute little hangout.
<review# 669,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2009,8/1/2010,176,153,1,8,4>El Milagrito has my favorite mexican breakfast in town!The tortillas are homemade and incredible. They cook the potatoes with chorizo, which makes them incredibly flavorful but not TOO greasy. The beans are perfectly done and have just enough flavor of pork fat to let you know they're authentic. The barbacoa is outstanding. Both the red and green hot sauces are flavorful and spicy as hell.The bathrooms are a little sketchy and the servers don't speak very good English, but don't let this stop you from going to one of the best kept secrets in San Antonio.
<review# 670,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2010,7/31/2010,169,227,5,6,5>My biggest fear of moving to Cow Country was my diet.  About a year ago, I decided to become vegetarian as a protest to factory farming in the US.  It's been extremely easy in Seattle -- vegetarian restaurants are everywhere (partially thanks to the heavy Asian and Indian population), grocery stores carry an abundance of vegetarian products, and most restaurants that aren't vegetarian have veg friendly cuisine and helpful staff.When I go to any city, for work or pleasure, the first thing I do is check Yelp.  I log in, punch in vegetarian in the 78207... What's this?  A Vegetarian restaurant right around the corner from where I live?  OMGIWILLBERIGHTTHERE!I took a seat outside as it was a beautiful night, and around the corner pops Cody, my server.  We chitchat about recently arriving from Seattle, how glad I am that they're there, and had him give me his recommendations.  Although they sounded mighty tasty, the buffalo chicken (texturized vegetable protein) sandwich sounded amazing.  I ordered the quinoa (pronounced KEEN-wah) tabbouleh as my side, and Cody told me all about the wonders that is quinoa...I'm now going to be incorporating more of it into my diet thanks to him!Lickety split, my food walked around the corner... well, carried by Cody.  It looked incredible.  The sandwich was healthy sized on what looked to be a locally made bun and the serving of tabbouleh was healthy and looked delicious.  My first bite of tabbouleh and I was in love.  The texture! The flavors! The incredible healthicity of it!  I was made a lifelong customer in one bite.  ...then I had a bite of the Buffalo TVP Chicken Sandwich...Flavors I haven't had since I gave up meat came flooding back from deeply repressed memories! The bread was like nothing I had ever had.  The TVP was perfectly crispy, wonderfully textured, and tasted just like buffalo chicken.  I think I detected a hint of blue cheese and I saw a few spinach leaves on the sandwich as well.  It was outstanding.  I sat there and rolled my eyes and made orgasmic noises as I savored each and every bite.I find out that the bread is baked there at the restaurant.  I would buy it if they sold it (they don't) so I'll just keep coming back as a happy customer of Green Vegetarian Cuisine.The only thing remotely negative in my entire experience here was the parking.  There are about four spaces in their lot... the rest is street parking. I had no problems finding street parking... it was just, um, an interesting street.  By no means did it detract from my awesome experience.
<review# 671,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2014,9/27/2014,200,68,1,4,6>They're up to 24 taps now. Still among the best places to drink craft beer in the city. See my previous review for further details. Carry on.
<review# 672,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2014,9/26/2014,140,356,4,7,7>I ordered the $10 special : pizza, popcorn (bottomless) and soda(bottomless).  ... The pizza we ordered was  brussel sprouts, bacon and goat cheese super mouth heaven! !!!!!  I wanted a salad and ordered a Greek salad.   I thought the $10 price was a little steep until the salad came.  It was like a family size salad enough for 4 people.    Service was great. Facilities were clean.  Bathrooms are clean, seats are clean and the theater didn't have a nasty "theater pungent smell".  Great expiriance and I know I will visit again. 1 star for facilities1 star for service1 star for food1 star for bathrooms1 star overall experienceThat makes this a 5 star!!  Thanks Alamo Draft house for a great night!!
<review# 673,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2014,9/25/2014,274,398,8,16,15>Excellent greasy old fashioned burgers at a very reasonable price. The burgers are very nicely seasoned, the patties are well per portioned to the bun and they definitely have that nice ooze factor going. All good burgers should have that nice ooze of grease when you bite into them. The fried mushrooms, french fries and onion rings are OK but the burger is definitely the star of this show. For those who are really hungry they do offer a 3 pound burger.
<review# 674,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2014,9/24/2014,79,177,1,2,4>I am impressed by this restaurant.  If you're looking for a small quiet retreat for you and a special someone I recommend this restaurant. It is dimly lit they have TVs and intimate seating. They have an option that is called 'road trip' you pick a road trip and the sever  gives you three glasses of various wines for you to sample and I'm not talking sample size these are good size glasses filled with 3 different wines for you to try. Has far as the food I had the calamari and I thought it was good but not the best calamari I have ever had but it was good. Not a big fan of the food here but very impressed by the environment and the wine selection and service is remarkable.
<review# 675,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2014,9/23/2014,119,309,1,7,1>Got a menu in our mailbox earlier this week and so we thought we would scope them out for dinner. I was definitely feeling the Vietnamese side of the menu. So I ordered the pork ban mi. Somehow my order got confused and I ended up getting the pork and shrimp rice vermicelli. It was a happy accident as the man (who I assume was the owner) that is better and I'll just charge you for the sandwich. He was right! It was excellent! The hot and sour soup I ordered was also very good as was the coconut shrimp appetizer that we started with. My wife got one of the dinner combos of sweet and sour pork and for our little boy we got him the sweet and sour shrimp. All the food we ordered was delicious, their prices are very reasonable too. I would definitely go back if for no other reason to try one of those ban mi, and/or to try the pho.
<review# 676,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2014,9/22/2014,52,67,3,3,4>I looooved my dental experience at this Monarch branch! The staff is courteous and very professional. I went in for a root canal and a crown and everything was explained to me in detail. I was even approved for in-house financing which is super awesome as I didn't want to use my Care Credit card and rack up even more charges. The office itself is very clean and located in a nice little shopping center off 410 near Ingram Mall, and I didn't feel out of place like I did at the previous Monarch branch I used to visit on Fredericksburg Road. I have officially moved all of my dental records from that branch to this one, as I will be giving my business to this location from now on! The dentist/specialist/hygienists didn't even think it was weird while I texted and Facebooked during the work being done. Heck, I even took a selfie and posted it to FB during the whole procedure :) I highly recommend this Monarch Dental location.
<review# 677,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2014,9/21/2014,245,102,5,10,6>Obviously I have to mention how delicious the cupcakes, bar cookies, and even basic sugar cookies are.  Have you ever tried a St. Germain cupcake?  Fairly sweet, but delicate and wonderful, a perfect facsimile of the liquor.  The carrot cake cupcakes are my favorite cupcake to cram in my face over the sink.  They're chock full of pineapple, nuts, and carrots, but no disgusting raisins, because those are shriveled bits of death that no one should be forced to eat.  The minis come packaged in a 1/2 dozen egg carton.  Too cute!  What really takes the cake (see what I did there?) is the service.  A rather princess-y friend wanted strawberry rhubarb pie for his birthday, in November.  Both are out of season that late in the year.  I called another bakery, where a new employee couldn't be bothered to ask about special orders, I made a quick call to Bird Bakery to see if they could do an out of season custom order.  I get a call back the next day saying that they'd LOVE to fulfill the princess order, for exactly when I needed it, on very short notice, AND it was only $25!  How'd it taste?  Fantastic.  Service like that keeps me coming back every time.
<review# 678,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2014,9/20/2014,177,94,4,4,4>This is a secret gem of Southtown.  It isn't a huge store, not a Twin Liquors or Specs by any stretch, but they still keep a great supply of liquors and a decent beer selection.  Know you need something in advance? Go in and ask for it, they'll order it for you.  Very friendly and willing to answer questions.  I was there looking for a "unique" beer for a beer swap.  Found a couple that I had never heard of.  I asked the lady at the counter about them and got some amazing descriptions from her to help me decide which one to take to the beer swap.
<review# 679,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2014,9/19/2014,228,312,2,13,11>It is with a heavy heart that I write this review, but SAPA is doing GREAT work in San Antonio! They are striving to make San Antonio no-kill. Like them on Facebook to see updates of their fantastic work & maybe you'll even be available to help by transporting pets, adopting, or even fostering to save animals from euthenasia. They are always in need of simple, cheap donations like used sheets & blankets, bleach, or just an hour of your time as a volunteer. A donation of $50 can feed, treat (shots, spay or neuter), & adopt a dog or cat. PLEASE help these innocent animals who just want a home & family like any human being desires! SAPA has a location on Marbach & 151. The least you can do is share SAPA's Facebook posts trying to save animals who are about to be euthenized & need immediate homes/fosters...you never know, one of your Facebook friends may be looking for a new dog or cat & see their forever pet in your shared SAPA post. Please check the shelters before buying from a breeder! /rantThe heavy heart part? That people dispose of animals like trash in our city. The sad looks in the animals eyes who just want to be loved & given a true home. If you can't provide a good, hopefully forever home to an animal, please don't get one in the first place. The best part? SAPA, volunteers, & donations to help save each animal and make our city no-kill as well as more pet conscious/friendly!sanantoniopetsalive.org
<review# 680,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2014,9/18/2014,838,696,17,26,25>Tres bon, Spa de Paris! Francophiles rejoice! These guys are top of the line! They've got all the coolest, latest equipment to make sure that you get relaxed! They offer a variety of spa services, not just massage. They have a number of masseuses, who offer different styles of massage. The massage rooms are relaxing, and filled with really cool art, and calming music. The staff is friendly, and they have really good specials. The whole place was impeccably clean, which I really appreciate. Also, it's really cool that there's a french cafe across the parking lot, to complete the French charm of the place. Merci, Spa de Paris!
<review# 681,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2014,3/28/2014,89,232,3,6,4>Oddly enough I have not tried their coffee yet, but they have some tasty deserts! I am not a huge cake person, but I thought their chocolate cake was absolutely amazing. Their cookies and carrot cake were okay, but mmmhhmmm that chocolate cake! I am a coffee lover too though, so I really need to stop in there one of these days and check out what all the good coffee reviews are about!
<review# 682,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2013,3/27/2014,125,290,6,12,8>Two years since my initial review and La Marginal is still as amazing as ever!  There are now three different La Marginal locations but this is the absolute best one.  Better environment, better staff and even the food is better at this Naco spot.  I've strayed from my go-to Ropa Vieja (marinated shredded beef) onto the Platano Loco (roast pork, ham and cheese squeezed between two tostones) and sweet jayzus... it's.. just perfect.  I've also started ordering some yuca frita along with the beef empanadas and they're always piping hot and savory.  Oh, and spicy once I smother those bad boys in the hot garlic sauce.  Another thing I've come to enjoy at La Marginal?  Their booze!  The Borinquen is addictive and STRONG.  Seriously, you should probably stop at two because that third one is quite a doozy.
<review# 683,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2013,3/26/2014,65,131,3,7,6>Best sweet potato fries I've ever had! I decided to be different and order the fried chicken instead of a burger it was hot fresh and delicious. Will definitely be back for more!
<review# 684,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2013,3/25/2014,10,171,3,13,4>Moroccan Bites catered some of the food for a wedding rehearsal I was part of recently. I went to pick up the food and they had the order right and the food was hot. While I waited, they were very friendly, offering me free Moroccan tea (green tea with mint) and it was delicious.The food, lamb with rice, and several types of baklava, were all very good. I had never even heard of this place before but after this visit I definitely plan to have a meal there. It was also encouraging to see all the awards this restaurant has received, including: SA's Top 100 retaurants, Best Moroccan in SA, and Food Network endorsements.
<review# 685,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2014,3/24/2014,47,28,5,11,9>i love this store. forget the abercrombie and bia snobs at platos! you want rock, sexy, and affordable? this is the place to go. you need to sell some clothes? go see Cheryl shes nice and wont make you feel like your burdening her thrifting. def one of my all time fav stores in sa. texas trash is awesome =)
<review# 686,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2013,3/23/2014,114,70,4,11,8>Fantastic. Los Valles is a San Antonio treasure. They have delicious aguas frescas (I love the piña), generously sized and perfectly seasoned fruit cups (pre-made or customized), and yummy corn cups. Everything is fresh and beautifully presented (the fruit and colorful aguas look so pretty through the large glass windows).If you are in the mood for something more substantial to nosh on, their tacos are pretty delicious, too.
<review# 687,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2013,3/22/2014,139,107,3,8,5>I LOVES ME SOME JUICER HEROES!!!!My boyfriend is there almost every day and I wish that I could be there every day!  I have been impressed with their juices (he brings them home for me) for quite a while now, but only recently went in to the storefront myself.  The experience was refreshing.  Boyfriend was sick with a sinus infection :-( When I went in I asked the guys working there what would be best for his condition; the guys hopped to and not only showed me which juices would be best to get him going again, but they explained exactly why each ingredient in them would help him and even added in a few "boosters".  It is quite obvious that the employees here love what they are doing, believe in what they are doing and know a lot of the science and nutrition facts in what they are doing, and what they are doing is making me into a Juicer Hero convert!Go try them you will love it too, and don't be afraid to ask the advice of the staff, they are more than happy to help.  Maybe that is why they are called Heroes.
<review# 688,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2014,3/21/2014,444,406,3,6,5>My bff requested jalapeño popcorn to bring back with me to San Francisco. She didn't know exactly where and I used yelped and typed in jalapeño popcorn.This business came up and I made my way here to pick up a large bag of popcorn for $24 and stuffed it in my backpack. They have an extensive list of flavored popcorn and all from sweet to salty. I just tried the jalapeño one and it tastes just like it sounds, eat slowly and don't sniff the popcorn, you'll end up sneezing from the powdered jalapeño seasoning. I'll come back here and try the other flavors cause time was short. You also pack the popcorn into tins of all sizes for gifts and such.
<review# 689,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2013,3/20/2014,99,141,3,8,6>I really like Revolucion. In addition to cold-pressed juices, coffee options with natural sugars, and tea, they also have a variety of delicious, vegan food (it tasted just as good to me when I was an omnivore as it does now that I'm a vegetarian. You can enjoy it regardless of whether or not you are vegan). The juices do tend to be on the pricier said, but because they're cold-pressed, you're essentially getting seven pounds of produce per bottle. You can reduce your cost a bit by bringing back the (washed) bottle to receive a dollar off your next juice. Personally, I like to keep a couple of the bottles for myself because they're the perfect size for the smoothies I make at home and take to work and school. The service is friendly. Everyone greets you and says goodbye. I know they are at different farmer's markets in San Antonio, and although I haven't been to them yet, I imagine they're just as friendly and personable there. The atmosphere is pretty great, too. They have free wi-fi, a few tables inside, a few tables outside, but plenty of plush, velvety chairs inside. One time when I was here, they had some kind of mother and child juicing workshop? I think the premise was that the kids got to appreciate all the different things fruits and vegetables can do, but I didn't really watch cause I didn't want to be the creep in the background. My favorites are the mean green juice and the green tea latte with almond milk. The only reason I'm taking a star away is because they frequently run out of almond milk.. I understand that, since it is homemade, but I wish there was some kind of backup plan!Overall, this is my favorite juice place in SA thus far.
<review# 690,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2014,3/19/2014,57,92,9,15,9>Los Cocos isn't in the greatest of areas, it's not in the barrio but rather close. Worth it though because it is a serious contender for the best mexican food I've ever had! So I was suffering from one of those hangovers that only a watermelon agua fresca can cure, for a brief moment I almost only ordered that at their little outside kiosk window, but something about the grilled meat smell and the fact that I saw they had corn in a cup (elote for lazies) made me walk into the restaurant area.It looks like a typical lunch restaurant in Mexico; tables are tacky simple, walls have no actual theme to their hand painted details (picures of fruit, agua fresca, the cheetos cheetah), little hut in the middle as a cashier station, and a Spanish crooner with a guitar even popped up for a song.  The salsa that came with the chips I wanted to drink with a straw, it was so fresh with a wonderful roasted spiciness. Watermelon agua fresca saved my life, I'll never complain that it's too sweet even if it is. The last time i had elote was more than a decade ago, and although the husband called it "funky," it's one of those nostalgic snacks that just put me in a good mood. The al pastor mini tacos were perfectly marinated and rather heavy on the meat as well as the obligatory onions, cilantro and lime. Husband got the pollo enchiladas verdes which were absolutely amazing, right amount of cheese, stuffed with tons of chicken, enchilada sauce was perfect. Portions are big, prices are low, service is quick, food is delicious!
<review# 691,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2014,9/7/2014,39,182,4,7,3>It seems that there has been a German invasion over on Bitters/West Ave. If you are looking for something authentic, but don't feel like driving to Fredricksburg, Brauhaus is the place for you. My company was stationed years ago in Germany; so they were the best reference to understand this particular cuisine. They all agreed that it was good. Hands down the best to me was the red cabbage... mmmm. They all got schnitzel and agreed the gravy was delicious. I got the Kasespatzle, it's like german mac-n-cheese only better. The croquettes were a little dense for my liking, however the rest of the sides were tasty. A nice touch to the meal was that the owner checked on every table, kudos to you sir. The beer prices were a little steep, but taking in account what side of town it is and the selected choices.... I can't really make a valid complaint on it. So keep up the good work and I'm looking forward to more meals at your establishment. Danke für das wunderbare Essen.
<review# 692,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2014,9/6/2014,43,47,9,10,5>I live thirty seconds from Magnolia Pancake Haus and I can honestly say I would rather walk five hours to Pancake Joes then drive to Magnolia.  This place is the definition of a hole in the wall, and I mean that in the best way possible.  I was going to take a picture of the wonderful omelet that I got but I ate the whole damn thing before I even thought of my camera.  I'm not sorry about it.  I got the jalisco omelet, the girlfriend got the banana nut french toast.  Both of us could have died happy in our seats.We will be back soon for sure.
<review# 693,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2014,9/5/2014,104,119,7,13,8>We've been on the hunt for decent wings for almost 5 years.  We were not blown away by anyone's wings..until now.  These are real, honest-to-goodness, full-sized chicken wings...with actual meat on them!  The owner and head chef, Wayne, puts a lot of love into his food, and it shows.  I had lemon pepper wings (the seasoning was a really flavorful rub), but he's got all sorts of flavors from mild to spicy, including some interesting ones like funnel cake (powdered sugar and cinnamon on chicken wings...I need to try this one next time).  The giant basket of fries we ordered (enough for 3 or 4 people) was crispy and not over salted.  My husband and son ordered the Philly Cheesesteak with grilled onions.  I don't think I've ever seen two people inhale a cheesesteak so quickly!  There was a ton of flavorful, wonderfully seasoned meat in this sandwich.  Even my son (who's a bottomless pit) was stuffed.  Wayne's Wings is tucked away in the ER Bar and Grill, so it's not the easiest place to find, but well worth the trip and the hunt.  We've found our go-to wing place in SA!
<review# 694,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2014,9/4/2014,169,83,3,7,7>We frequent Bar Blanco for two reasons - Sal and the simplicity of function. The options on tap rotate, the apps are delish, and I love the desserts. Take advantage of the Happy Hour. Kick it Texas-style with Sal,  look for Sameer (he's here somewhere), and enjoy the bliss of brew.
<review# 695,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2014,9/3/2014,125,290,8,11,10>I fangirl over Chef Weismann's frites weekly so when I was looking for a place to celebrate my anniversary, I knew it would be a Weissman joint.  Since il Sogno Osteria was the only restaurant I hadn't tried, it was decided and I made the reso.Arrived a little early but we were seated right away and started off with an antipasti plate.  Everything on that plate was phenomenal, from the octopus and cheese bites to the cured meats with fig jam.  After we ordered our entrees, the server sent their sommelier over who asked what we were in the mood for, brought out a few samples and ultimately recommended an excellent Italian white to accompany our dinner.  I ordered the salmon entree and it was flawless.  Top three salmon dishes I've ever had, easily.  My husband ordered the star of the evening, pasta.  He took his first bite and looked up at me, "this tastes.. different."  Yes, babe, it's fresh pasta.  I usually get offered a taste of whatever he ordered but after a few moments I stuck my fork all up in his dish.  Excellent.  Just the right amount of sauce (which was wonderful in its own right) and perfect texture.  Oh no, dear friends, the fangirling is not over. After we ordered the Tortino alla Nutella dessert, our server brought us out an order of complimentary Panna Cotta to celebrate our day.  So sweet and also AWESOME!  It's a hard choice, although the Panna Cotta was THE best I've had, the Tortino all Nutella was the winner of the dessert battle.  There aren't a lot of places that marry such a high level of service with insanely good food in SA like il Sogno so get here and experience it.  But don't ask for frites..
<review# 696,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2014,9/2/2014,285,293,2,8,7>I first came to Raw because I met Anna, the owner, at a Yelp event. She complimented my hair and I found out she'd taught several of the hairdressers I've had in the past. I've been going to Anna ever since.Now that I've been going to Raw for a couple years, I really trust Anna when she has recommendations for me. It's takes awhile to build that trust with a stylist, and Anna is always open to my thoughts and how she can make my hairstyle work with my life.All of the staff are very warm and personable, and you get a head and shoulder massage every time. I know a few clients who've complained about the prices. But I will always pay more for someone who knows what they're doing. I have a short haircut that requires frequent cuts and someone with a ton of expertise, and Anna has that. You get what you pay for, basically.The salon is very popular, so book your appointments in advance if you can. People tend to walk in and try to make an appointment, and on Saturdays, that's just not possible. I always book in advance.
<review# 697,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2014,9/1/2014,99,141,7,6,6>Not all HEBs are the same. Obviously. I think it's almost unfair how nice this one is compared to how desolate the one is close to my work. Anyway, that's not why you're reading this.It's a fantastic HEB.  They have everything I need all the time. The produce is super fresh, the healthy living section is actually really good (I rarely need to go to GNC anymore), really good beer, and the cosmetics section works well when you need something.  I don't eat meat and rarely eat cheese, so I can't tell you anything about the deli but the cheese section is HUGE. Furthermore, one time I came here to get a cupcake for my boo thang, but the bakery had just closed.  One of the other employees offered to grab a cupcake from the case, and I asked if he could write "thanks for putting up with me," on it with icing. Although he was willing to, he said he didn't want to chance it, since it's not his forte. HOWEVER, he gave me an entire icing bag to do it myself! I thought that was really sweet. The pharmacy is pretty right on, too. There was a small misunderstanding with pickup times, but the pharmacy tech had it ready for me within a matter of 15 minutes.  I'm still on my parent's health insurance (I'm not a scrub, just thankful for that little bit of the Affordable Care Act), and I'm not really sure how insurance works, cause the real world is scary, so he explained some of the process to me. I'm sure I looked dumb, but I appreciated his patience.Parking has never been a problem here. The cashiers need to take lessons from the dude who helped me at the bakery or the pharmacy tech. They're all really, really unfriendly. Tonight I bought almond milk, fake eyelashes, and a birthday card (whatev), and the almond milk was $2.88 and I had an in-store coupon making it $1.88. That's a really good deal! So the cashier said "that's a really good deal," and I was like "I know, right??" but she was actually talking to her coworker next to her about something unrelated to almond milk. That really annoys me. I've worked in retail before and I know how nice it is to have people talk to you like a person, so I'm always sure to say hello, but none of the cashiers here ever greet me or ask how I'm doing. So I ask them, but they give one word responses and then ignore me. Rude! However, I'll be back. I live closer to Central Market, which I love too, but sometimes I would rather save 30 cents on my cilantro, you know?
<review# 698,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2014,8/31/2014,444,406,4,8,5>Took me at least two years to research and find a bad ass MMA gym close to me, and after a few emails here and there I decided to sign up last August 2013 with Warriors Edge. By far the best MMA gym I have experienced and have not been disappointed. The trainers and staff here are very friendly and motivated to get you into shape. But of course still be tough on you!  I always have a good time working out and feel good afterwards, taking the warrior fit class at 10:30 and some evenings a 5:30. I want to do the warrior kick but that is at 5 am and they don't have it in the evenings. I'm too lazy to wake up they early, I eventually will sometime soon! They have tires to flip!!! The membership here is good for my budget and I had a good deal when I signed up! :)
<review# 699,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2014,8/30/2014,117,187,4,8,8>It saddens me when i walk into a new,  family owned and run place and it's empty.  Especially a place as good as this. Let's try to rectify that,  shall we. I tried the delectable 911 Rescue Sandwich (awesome)  and the wife tried the fried rice omelette (SO GOOD!).   Next time,  the beef bulgolgi house salad is on my list. + food is very good,  tastes fresh and is made to order (you can see the kitchen from the dining area) + eclectic and vegetarian options,  fresh and made to order (sells Orion Choco Pies) + friendly staff and very home-y feel (like a K-drama) + LOCAL BUSINESS! So put down the rubbish Subway sammich and get over here for some adventures in Korean/American deliciousness!
<review# 700,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2014,8/29/2014,95,251,4,9,8>I came here with friends, having no expectations whatsoever. I was pleasantly surprised! This place is a great option if you're having a craving for Italian food and you want something fast and reasonably priced. I didn't order a salad, thinking it would be skimpy and lacking in flavor like most salads that are served in a place that serves pizza... in my opinion. I ended up eyeballing my friends salads all through the meal and really wishing I had got one! They have salads to satisfy a vegetarian here!My food was really good. The sandwiches, the pizza. They have a good variety as well. Yes, much of it is something you can take the time to prepare at home... BUT, what if I don't feel like cooking? This is a great solution to that. They are friendly, fast, the place was clean. And, they offered a military discount. I plan to be back with hubby!
<review# 701,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2013,6/7/2014,444,406,2,6,3>I have been meaning to write a review for the longest time, but now I  have some time to kill... I discovered JH last year at the farmers market in New Braunfels. Before learning about their business, I use to juice myself, it was fun at first, but then it gets messy. I got lazy from cleaning the veggies and machine everyday, it is quite the process.I am always on the go so, JH is definitely the place to go for healthy fresh juices to stock up for the week. You can ask for your own mixes, and they are nice to do my request for carrot and orange, since I was going for the Gerson therapy recipe to help fight breast cancer as an alternative treatment, naturally. It can get pricey, but you know if you're going for health reasons, boost your immune system, and to feel energized than it is a great  investment for you and your  quality of life. Also follow them on Facebook, they always share information about juice of the day, health news, workshops etc.
<review# 702,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2014,6/6/2014,36,18,4,8,5>First things first: IF YOU ARE A TOURING BAND, this is the only place you need to play in San Antonio. In love with this venue. Hands down, without a doubt, 100% best sound system and sound engineers in all of San Antonio (and most of Austin, for that matter). Deric, Alex and their team have done a fantastic job bringing touring indie acts to our city, something that many local music hubs have failed at for a long time. Small Black, Gardens & Villa, Hank & Cupcakes, Thao and the Get Down Stay Down, Wild Child, etc. have all turned average weeknights into aurally pleasing experiences. Great beer and shot specials (Pabst + Jameson shot = $5) and a well-maintained restroom mean five stars, even though it's north of the 410 bubble. Call an Uber, take a Lyft, make the trek. Your ears will thank you.
<review# 703,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2014,6/5/2014,38,80,2,5,4>With one bite Trilogy has reset my whole order of top five best pizzas I have ever eaten and has caused chaos among my taste buds. It's as though I'm eating pizza for the first time. More research will have to be done to determine which order of my top five Trilogy will be in. (My pick-up order consisted of a Large Chicago Style Pepperoni and Mushroom Pizza and an order of the Quattro Formaggi Cheese Bread.)  Fín
<review# 704,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2014,6/4/2014,125,224,3,6,4>The pizza is awesome. The house special is killer,  pepperoni, bacon,  jalapeño, pineapple, double cheese. I also ordered the BBQ wings, they are very messy but good. We also got the XL pepperoni for the kids. It's also very good, and they deliver. The delivery was a bit slow but, it was a Friday night so I can't really hold that against them.
<review# 705,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2014,6/3/2014,95,251,4,8,5>Very good but pricey. The first time I came here was with a large group for lunch and I really enjoyed it so hubby and I came back for dinner. We enjoyed the food and our waiter was exceptionally good. The hostesses were ok, not overly friendly. I just can't get over the $100 dinner bill for 2 people which mostly consisted of pizza! I would have preferred a restaurant with more ambience and more variety in food choices for the price we paid. I would give them five stars if not for the excessive prices. I do not remember the lunch prices being as inflated as the dinner prices, or maybe I just ate really light the day I had lunch here. Personally, I would prefer to come here for lunch rather than dinner. Be prepared to wait no matter when you come.
<review# 706,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2013,6/2/2014,37,86,4,5,3>I had to resist writing my review the first time, because sometimes when I'm really hungry I think things are better than they are... so I waited to give this place a second try and be sure that it is really that phenomenal (it is.) I've been now for lunch and breakfast, and both are equally fresh and fantastic. Their sandwiches and bagels are lovely, and come with a fresh side cucumber/tomato salad. The chocolate croissant is to die for. They take their time to make each item and it really pays off... this is the only place in the history of all of my dining experiences that I haven't felt the need to reassemble my sandwich so each bite has all of the ingredients (OCD problems, I know...) The cafe itself is quaint and unique, and the gentlemen that work here are always professional and friendly. It's Kosher, but I don't know anything about this, so you'll have to look into that if it's important to you. It is tucked away a bit in the middle of a strip center, so I never would have noticed it if not for Yelp. I'm so excited to find this cafe and it is quickly becoming one of my favorites. Great place to sit and work (with good wifi) and have a healthy breakfast or lunch with good music and stellar service.
<review# 707,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2014,6/1/2014,28,210,6,7,3>If you ever have to go for Jury Duty in San Antonio you might notice that a certain number of jurors seem especially sedated after lunch.  You might think that they stopped at the bar across the street but, more likely, they went to Candy's and had a big, awesome burger for lunch.As much as Jury Duty sucks, Candy's is awesome.  The ambience is modest but the bugers are for real.  I have been fascinated with jalapeno cheddar burgers lately so that's what I went with.  The burger was packed with flavor and the jalapenos were perfectly grilled and softened up just enough.  Unlike some jalapeno burgers, this one packed some heat, too!  It was a big, greasy, serious, "2 hands" burger.  I waddled back to jury duty and spent the rest of the afternoon in a burger coma.  Other than an excuse to get out of jury duty, what more could you ask for?
<review# 708,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2014,5/31/2014,66,187,3,7,2>I'll just start by saying that I had a foodgasm here.  The homemade pasta was AWESOME and fresh and amazing.  I can't say enough.  Appetizers are unique and very good!  I don't like that they took our appetizer plate away without asking and it still had food on it!I'll forgive that thanks to their nutella tarte.  OMG... will be back.Make a reservation in advance!!
<review# 709,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2014,5/30/2014,50,73,4,6,2>Craving Agua Fresca like I had at Fiesta, looked it up & discovered this place. What a treat! Not only did I get exactly what I wanted, Cantaloupe Agua Fresca, with unlimited refills, but I also had a delicious crab filled chile Relleno! First, fell in love with the decor, beautiful, bright & artsy. They had these decorative humming birds hanging from the ceiling I so wanted to snag. Nice patio on a warm day, unfortunately, it was a little chilly for the patio. Sat down by a gentleman who delivered a warm smile & a neat little wrought iron "tree" to hang my purse on. Loved that! Our waiter was great! Friendly & attentive, steady refilling my Agua Fresca :D The chile Relleno was delicious! It was filled with just the right amount of crab, and cooked to perfection, not overly breaded. The perfect size, delicious smokey flavor & the price was right! Absolutely hit the spot! And the best was when it was time to go, I was so ready to buy a pitcher of the Agua Fresca, asked the waiter if we could get some to go & he brought out to large to go glasses without an additional charge! Super happy!!!! Will definitely go back!! They had a fantastic drink menu I would love to try out, filled with drinks made with high quality liquors & fresh fruits & juices! Next time!!
<review# 710,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2014,5/29/2014,147,125,2,8,3>I was extremely impressed with the level of attention and service I got from the Oil Exchange.  While it's a drive-through style oil change spot, they make sure you are comfortable (offering a bottle cold water) and aware of what's happening the entire time.  I was given an accurate estimate when I first drove up and given updates throughout the process.  When I paid, the attendant explained all charges to me and the rates were reasonable and comparable to similar places. Overall a very professional atmosphere and very professional attendants which I haven't found (not even close) at other oil change drive-throughs.
<review# 711,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2013,10/18/2013,125,290,15,16,21>When I was cruisin' down the street in my 64' (ok, it's an '11 but whatever), I passed this bar up and made an instant connection, "That's the SEGA font, yo!"  After some Yelp, Twitter and Facebook searches came up with little details, I texted up some fellow geeks and set a happy hour date.  The SEGA font was no accident, Slackers loves the gamers.  Instead of the usual tap handles, they use old video game controllers with a sign above them explaining that the NES is Bud Light, PS is Blue Moon, etc.  On the first floor alone you can find a pool table, air hockey, foosball, beer pong and Area 51 arcade game.  Take a little trip upstairs and there's the almighty Simpson's game along with Megaman, Ms. Pacman and Blitz to name a few.  Slackers is a great place to lose a few hours and a lot of quarters.  With their wide variety of beers (and ciders), the option of ordering in Jimmy Johns (or stumbling down a few shops over for some Pho) and whispers of Wayne's Wings showing up from time to time, it's easily my new favorite bar.
<review# 712,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2013,10/17/2013,17,47,9,9,8>Good Morning Il Sogno Osteria!  Let's do brunch!  I'm not going to lie, I've been hesitant to review you because I want you all to myself.  Our other friends may come over to play in the evening or possibly during lunch but you and I have a special thing going on in the morning.  I don't usually bring much to the table (so to speak) since I sit on the patio all sweaty from a run, you set out your nicest toys.  Your coddled eggs have just ever the dash of truffle and the 2 slices of bacon are amazing.  Your french toast is a feast for the eyes with three large pieces, that bacon, fresh fruit, and plenty of maple syrup.  And my favorite toy is the HUGE jar of Nutella you bring out with the other accountrement.  You french press your coffee and provide the option of vanilla sugar which isn't needed but it sure is good.  Quality is five-star!After play time is over, you charge what is a very reasonable amount for such a great experience.  But I am a spoiled brat and would love it if you served brunch later than 10 AM and served adult beverages.  None the less, I will whine and misbehave if too many others start to play in our own personal sandbox (at Il Sogno).  Actually, everyone should check it out, just not when I need a seat.
<review# 713,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2013,10/16/2013,86,141,3,5,3>I'm not a vegetarian, but I was intrigued by the possibility of eating meatless dishes. Both of my visits have been for take out. I had no expectations upon my first visit and quite honestly I thought that it was a walk up, order your food and leave kind of place. I was surprised to see the waiter service. The first time I ordered their special of the day, which was Orange Chicken (but not really) with their cilantro coconut rice and steamed broccoli. The price was affordable and didn't put me off. While walking out I spied their cupcakes and was kinda bummed I had missed out on that. The Orange Chicken was definitely orange and spicy. I really like spicy food and this had just the right kick. The broccoli was steamed perfectly, I always mess up steamed veggies at home. What surprised me was the rice. I wasn't prepared for the coconut as I don't really enjoy the texture of coconut. I powered through and ended up really enjoying the rice.After reading the Yelp reviews, my second visit was a call ahead and this time I got their Big Green burger with Tabouli. When I got their I decided I was going to have a Vegan cupcake, darn it. The burger was good and filling. I ended up only eating half of the tabouli because the mint was kind of overpowering for me. I've never had a vegan cupcake so I really had no expectations going into it, except that it was supposed to be a banana split. I think I scarfed it down so fast, I don't even remember what it tasted like! The servers seemed to be really nice and willing to answer any questions that I have had. Being a non-vegetarian, I had to ask what "wham" was because I instantly pictured eating a bite-sized George Michael. The second time, the server asked me if I knew about their plastic bag recycling offer. She let me know that if you bring in any plastic grocery bags that you can get a $5 gift card. You can do it ask many times as you like, as often as you like (obviously you have to bring in a fair amount) This was really awesome to find out because I have plenty of bags lying around and the intention to keep visiting Green in the future.
<review# 714,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2013,10/15/2013,32,166,4,3,3>After recently returning from a work-related trip to New Orleans, the first question my daughters (ages 7 and 9) had for me was "Did you eat any bendy A's?" Hell yes I ate bendy A's in New Orleans. No trip to NOLA is complete without a stop at Cafe du Monde for a cup of cafe au lait and a powdered sugar coated bendy A, also known as a beignet. My girls love those little fried squares of dough, and they asked if I could whip up a batch for dessert. Um, no. Instead, I saved the day by taking them downtown after dinner to Alamo Street Eat Bar. We stepped right up to the Where Y'At truck and placed our order ($5 for an order of 4). My husband and I grabbed a couple of Shiners on tap and we all sat at a table and waited, enjoying the cool vibe, the basketball game on the big screen, the kids running around, the good smells coming from the trucks, and the sounds from the DJ. The bendy A's were delicious--hot out of the fryer and powdered with sugar. We will definitely be back to the Alamo Street Eat Bar to sample other food truck fare, and we will most certainly grab an order or 2 of bendy A's for dessert.
<review# 715,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2013,10/14/2013,169,520,5,12,10>Five-star food and drinks in SA - here's why:First, as a new Texan transitioning from NYC, I did not enter Texas with much faith in the restaurant business.  Feast was a very pleasant surprise of tapas and cocktails.  DRINKSKING: Served in a very small martini glass, this is a classic cocktail: rye whiskey, orange bitters, cherryPRINCESS: Rum, Prosecco, Lime - sweet, delicious, light, not too tart or boozyTAPAS - We ordered for for a total of $60, which is essentially NYC pricing, definitely steeper than what we'd seen in Texas so far.  Here's the rundown: DUCK TOSTADAS: four freshly made, light and crispy tostadas are topped with a jalapeno slice, slaw, and tahini sauce.  I'd argue that they're a little light on the tahini and cilantro flavors.  The duck was perfect.TEXAS BOBWHITE QUAIL: finely cooked quail and a really tasty cold slaw; I've always seen on cooking shows that it is really challenging to cook quail, and although this was my first time, I think Chef Bowers has perfected this poultryAHI TUNA TARTAR: I love a good tuna tartar.  The mix of large tuna, fresh, colorful peppers, taboulleh, and mustard made for a perfectly light and refreshing tartar.  This was a great first plate.SWEET CORN FRITTERS: I wouldn't call these fritters, because they're not.  Fritters are flatter, dough-heavy, and crunchier than these.  Despite the misnomer, these are so fluffly and crispy at the same time.  I do not like cream cheese, at all, but the jalapeno cream cheese was a perfect match for these fritters.DESSERT: Chocolate, Caramel, and Graham Cracker strip is very decadent.  There was such a rich texture that we couldn't finish.  I think four people would enjoy splitting this small, yet potent, dessert.OTHER: The decor is nice, the service is gracious and timely (props to RJ), and the vibe is very social and upbeat.  This is great for couples and groups.  Many of the plates have enough bites for a group, but I suggest this spot as a two-person shindig based on my tasting experience and the portions and plating.  I would recommend a reservation, because sometimes this place is packed and others not at all.  Overall, Feast is an essential SA establishment for modern American tapas & cocktails.
<review# 716,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2013,10/13/2013,92,38,2,6,2>Visited this place for a proper meal on Sunday.  It was crowded but not too crowded.  We sat outside on the patio at the "bar" that while it offers a five or six seats, really exists to hide the tea and water pitchers, napkins, cutlery and all the other stuff needed to keep the restaurant going.  So, because this is the home for all that stuff the servers need, there was a lot of employee chatter around us.  Now, I'll go ahead and say that my collard green and hummus wrap was awesome.  As was the kale salad I had as one of my sides.  The homemade fresh sauerkraut was just okay.  My BF ordered avocado eggs benedict and he loved every bite.  I know this cause his plate was cleaned quickly.  Then, he tasted my kale salad and loved it so much, he ordered one, too.  Afterward, I had to have vegan ice cream.  The flavor of the day was Vanilla Coffee Bean.  It was tasty but could have had more coffee flavor.  I'll have to say that I really enjoyed the experience all-in-all, and love that they are dog friendly even though I'm not a dog owner.  The only thing that really bothered me was the apparent disorganization among the staff, and all their nit-picking and complaining amongst each other.
<review# 717,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2013,10/12/2013,32,60,4,7,5>I was so tired today that I thought I'd turn to yelp for something to be delivered. I ordered a small mama Mia I think it was called; pineapple ham and extra cheese. I also ordered a 10 piece of Lemon pepper wings because of the great review on yelp. The online delivery was easy and I was notified the food would be here in 45 min. 30 minutes later, and I'm opening the door to the nicest young man with extremely hot and wonderful smelling food. He was so polite, a nice change to some restaurants I'd been going to as I'm trying out new items. I tried the wings first..OMG. Sooooooo good! I am not a big eater but I could not stop eating the wings until I finished them all. Usually I will dip wings in ranch but it needed no dip. Loved them! The pizza was more like a size medium, definitely enough for at least 2 if not 3 ppl. I chose a thin crust and the ingredients were fresh but I think I was just expecting so much due to the amazing wings that I thought it was just ok. But to be fair, I had my mind still on the wings. Definitely look forward to ordering again soon!
<review# 718,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2013,10/11/2013,274,398,8,16,7>I have been wanting to try this place for awhile based on the positive reviews I have been reading from other Yelpers. I finally made it this week, the same week a very positive review appeared in the SA Express News. The article has had a very positive impact on business. My first visit I tried the marbled brisket, jalapeno sausage and a turkey leg. The brisket was out if this world wow. The turkey was also very good. I liked the sausage too just other places have sausage I prefer a little more. For sides I went with potato casserole and the chili beans. Both very solid. Went back to try the rib tips. Love the seasoning used on these. Absolutely fantastic. For sides I went with the green beans and the potato salad. Loved the big sausage chunks with the green beans. Back again. Chicken and baby back ribs with sweet potato casserole and cole slaw. Both the chicken and the ribs moist and delicious. Lots of meat on the ribs. Both good choices. The cole slaw is good and solid, a nice side. Would go great on a sandwich. The sweet potato casserole is a rock star. Delicious beyond description.They have four sauces all very good. I found the meat is so good on it's own. I have tried one dessert, the coke cake. So moist and delicious. Eventually I plan to work my way through the entire menu. And though a two meat plate is not on the menu they will make one up for you if you ask. This place is a rock star in bbq.
<review# 719,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2013,10/10/2013,21,239,9,10,5>Lou: I've been wanting to try that Vietnamese place by Ingram Park Mall.Bud: Pho Ha Long?Lou: Ever since they opened!Okay, I got that out of my system. I'm always one for a bad pun, and this one has been staring me in the face.I don't really know much about Vietnamese food, so my review is likely to sound like the blind men trying to describe the elephant. But I like this place enough to take the chance. The office lunch crew has made two trips to Pho Ha Long, and I've been happy both times. I had Pho Chín (noodle soup with well done brisket) on the first visit and Bò kho (beef stew) on the second. One of my companions (Elite Yelper Chris A.) swears by the Com Thit Nuong (pork slice grilled with ground lemon grass), which looks excellent. He's never offered to share, so I'm sure that's a good sign. I also like to get a boba tea, which is refreshing and fun to drink.The portions at Pho Ha Long are large, cheap and delicious. Everything is very fresh, the service is good, and the restaurant is clean. This place offers everything I could ask for in a lunch place convenient to work.So even though I still don't know much about Vietnamese food, I definitely know what I like. And I'm definitely a fan of Pho Ha Long.
<review# 720,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2013,10/9/2013,211,97,3,4,4>With open hours that are difficult to make since I don't work in the area (they're only open for lunch Monday-Saturday), I was finally off on a Friday and excited to be able to swing by.Wetmore Deli was sold to new owners about a year ago, so if you haven't been since then, definitely swing by and give it a shot. I'm not sure how the old owners ran it, but these new guys seem to have it down.We walked into the small deli in the shopping center and up to the counter where you place your order. The woman who was at the counter (one of the owners) enthusiastically answered all the questions I had about the menu. The meatloaf sandwich was sold out for the day already, which I was a little sad about... but you always know a menu item is great when it sells out! They make their meatloaf there every morning, as well as roasting the chicken and turkey every day too.Since I am very bad at decision making, I made my lunchmate split 2 sandwiches with me. We had the chicken salad sandwich and the Big Will. The chicken salad didn't have anything particularly exciting that stood out about it except that it tasted super fresh and homemade (because it was). It was good and the grapes in it were a nice treat too! The Big Will is a hot sandwich with turkey and 3 kinds of melted cheese on it. It was delicious and a lot of food -- my favorite of the two as well.Dessert was necessary, as usual, and we bought one of the peanut butter cookies from the display on the counter. Just like most of the other food in the restaurant, they were freshly made that morning. They were also enormous and delicious.Two drinks, two sandwiches, and a cookie put our bill at around $20 - pretty standard for a good sandwich. I was very full and happy when we finished. My next trip to Wetmore Deli will be a little earlier in the day so that I can try to get one of those meatloaf sandwiches!
<review# 721,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2013,7/30/2013,25,47,9,7,6>Montgomery/ Walzem  Location:Many may go for the fried chicken .....I stayed for the candied yams! A definite must try when visiting Mama Lee's. I had the baked chicken which was very good, good portions and ample side dishes.  Friendly service, although while we were eating, a staff member cleaning other tables came to our table and removed our vase w/ flowers to place on a different table.  I know, it's a small detail but it did bother me a bit...they could have at least waited until we finished our meal.   oooo and for the wide hipped curvaceous community (present company included)...the chairs were a wee bit on the narrow side.  Not crazy uncomfortable or tiny just an adjustment if you're not used to it :D
<review# 722,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2013,7/29/2013,92,38,11,7,9>Dear Fruteria Cucumber Margarita, Why do you continue to continue to taunt me with your deliciousness even two weeks after that first sip?  How could it be that you were the best margarita I've ever had, anywhere?  What is your secret?  The way you cooled and refreshed me was nothing short of remarkable.  I will be back soon to again experience the crisp, cold satisfaction you offer.  Please don't change. With love,Jen
<review# 723,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2013,7/28/2013,138,159,4,7,6>So I've put Bernard's on the back burner for quite some time even after hearing amazing things about their food. See,  It use to be located in a scary two room building off Palo Alto that I was so not going in. Then I believe it moved somewhere else that was tricky to get too or at least for my lack of direction self. However finally even after all the success and wanting to stay in the south side they are now currently making Stinson airport home. Lucky for me this is really really close to where I reside.The food is so good! You are getting real scrumptious Creole food! The owners made San Antonio home after Katrina and defiantly bring their home cooked magic to this place. I got sort of unlucky and they forgot to place my order with the rest of the tables.  Just meant I could try everyone else's plates! Everything was tasty I think I've had the best red beans and rice I've ever had! The fried chicken was crispy and the batter used is what fried chicken dreams are made of. Seriously... that yummy. After all the picking off of others plates I still managed to devourer my Cajun stuffed chicken. No idea what it was stuffed with but OMG was it delicious. The place itself has a wonderful charm to it. Louisiana is defiantly given its love throughout the place. Plus the perfect view of seeing planes take off and landing is great entertainment. The place still has it kinks from moving; the staff although sweet as can be is new and still learning the menu and functions of the restaurant. Also, the menu is currently limited due to learning of the new rushes but there are still plenty of delicious options. \it's defiantly a must try when you in the neighborhood.
<review# 724,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2013,7/27/2013,39,196,2,7,4>I've had easy business with George and his sons. A quote I once heard " The only thing cheap about beetles is their owners".  May have truth, but George makes it possible!George is a specialist who is neither a car salesman or an auto parts guy, but can be depended on for either.   His knowledge as a mechanic and machinist are unsurpassed in Texas' Volkswagen scene.  I built my dune buggy from 1958-1972 era parts, and couldn't have pulled off the project for as little money spent as with George.  I received a lot of advice from various sources (people, blogs, books) on this project. What I got from George has proven to be the most sound.
<review# 725,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2013,7/26/2013,21,239,2,4,3>How is it that I haven't gotten around to writing a review for Two Step? I love this place, and I've been there half a dozen times. Time to share.I've been to Two Step for lunch and dinner, and it always impresses. The staff is always friendly and attentive, and the building itself is a work of art.But how about the food? I've never had a bad meal at Two Step. Heck, I've never even had a mediocre meal at Two Step. On my first visit, I ordered the bacon-wrapped pork loin with bacon mushroom garlic sauce. It's even better than it sounds. Honestly, I could be happy eating nothing but this for the rest of my life.On my second visit, I went for the "loaded" beef ribs. When the waiter asked whether I wanted a "single cut" or a "double cut," I wisely (?) requested the double cut--I mean, who wants to eat just one rib? Well, it turns out that one would have been enough. This is an enormous chunk o' beef--Fred Flintstone would be happy with this thing! But I have no regrets because it was flavorful and delicious all the way through.For lunch, I've had the chicken-fried steak, which may be the best I've ever had. The burger and fries are good, but nothing to write home about. Fortunately there are plenty of other great choices on the lunch menu.The sides are also spectacular, but be aware that they're "family style" (i.e. huge). The broccoli, cheese & rice casserole is fantastic, as is the macaroni & cheese.Then there are the award-winning margaritas. Don't mind if I do.Sure, it's a little expensive for this part of town. But it's worth every penny. Go!
<review# 726,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2013,7/25/2013,86,141,3,6,4>I love Freetail. I really enjoy supporting local businesses and breweries and Freetail meets that criteria! I come here to drink, eat, and socialize.The beer is good, I really enjoy the Android app as it allows me to check up on what they have on tap daily. Their staples, the Rye Wit, La Rubia, and Freetail Ale are good offerings but not their best. The one thing that bugs me is the inconsistency with the knowledge of staff concerning their daily specials and their rotating brews. Sometimes you can get a pitcher other times you can't. The staff in general is really awesome. The only exception is this one waitress who looks like she hates her life and has the worst job in the world. She really is a wet blanket and I will scope the joint out to see where her section is to try to avoid her at all costs. The food, OH MY GOD THE FOOD! I haven't had anything yet that I don't like. Their pizza is always on point, their BBQ Brisket pizza is so good I would sell my kidney for a slice or three. Their Hippiebilly Cheesesteak (I have been ordering the Hillbilly Cheesesteak all this time, oops!) is equally as amazing with the queso. This place gets really busy during soccer games and Spurs game, but the clientele are friendly and I've never seen anything get out of hand. I also love their huge big screen that displays their current beers on tap and the social media feed. I think it goes without saying that I think Freetail is the best thing since sliced bread.
<review# 727,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2013,7/24/2013,274,398,5,9,10>Most excellent option for Jalisco style food on the north side. The restaurant is located in an old hamburger chain's easily identifiable building. Divey (but clean) inside and out. But the food is out of this world delicious. The prices are cheap cheap cheap. never feel as if paid to much. The service is attentive and friendly. If you want fluff over substance then drive on. If you want great food and a fantastic price then this is a place for you.
<review# 728,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2013,7/23/2013,84,393,3,4,3>What's not to like about this place?!  A beautiful outdoor setting on the SA River that's not touristy and doesn't require $10 for parking.  Sold.  This place is so relaxing on a nice day.  You can either grab a quick lunch on the run, or drink beers for a few hours.  Huge picnic tables populate the area, along with a Bocce ball yard.  If the kids get antsy fell free to walk them down the river extension to burn off some energy.  The food menu is limited, but each item is well thought out and full of flavor.  Don't miss the chocolate caramel salted pudding.  Yum.  Rotating beer selections with taps from Saint Arnolds and plenty of other outstanding brewerys.  Wines sold by the bottle or carafe.  I'm truly happy that this place opened downtown.
<review# 729,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2013,7/22/2013,119,309,2,6,4>Without a doubt the best Middle Eastern restaurant in the city! I had heard that this place was amazing so we had to make the trek, The moment that we arrived we knew that we came to the right place, At the front of the house there were preloaded sword-like skewers filled with chicken, kufta, and lamb marinating in a refrigerated meat display case. The meat was fresh and of very good quality. We were greeted warmly and seated. The owner came to our table and asked if we were familiar with the food. We of course are no strangers, so we get the dinner for 2.which got us 3 kabobs(one of each), and grilled veg. it also came with rice and 5 apps. We chose, hummus, dolmas, foul which is primarily fava beans and tomato and spices served cool, and a creamy cheese called labneh. We also got an order of falafel.  Everything was wonderful. The meats were nicely seasoned. In fact there  was this wonderful spice in the kufta that I just couldn't place. The chicken and lamb were also very good. The owner said his hummus was the best in the city, and I must agree. It was creamy and very flavorful with the sesame from the tahini just on the end, and the falafel? Perfectly cooked. Our dinner for 2 fed my wife, son and me very well. I wanna come back here very soon, I got to try their schwarma,
<review# 730,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2013,7/21/2013,33,558,2,5,5>Small, local ice cream shop hidden in the back road.  Got their banana split (~$5) and it was fully loaded!!! Filled up the regular sized to-go container.  Comes with 3 big scoops of ice cream (your choice of the 3 flavors), 2 whole bananas, whipped cream and all the candy /nut /chocolate / sprinkles toppings you want.  You can also add caramel, chocolate, and/or strawberry syrup.  SUGAR-OVERLOAD!  The 2 of us couldn't finish it---i'm sure it could feed at least 4-5 people.  I think they also serve coffee, salad, wings, & subs.  Huge portions, cheap prices.  Cute decor. Will definitely be back.
<review# 731,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2013,9/18/2013,150,163,2,7,2>BEST COFFEE in San Antonio!! I LOVE Aspen Brew! I believe they use beans that won some roaster taste competition in 2011 or 2012. Aspen coffee reminds me of the best coffee I've had in San Diego. I usually get the white chocolate mocha when I come here. Blended, iced, warm...it's alway soooo tasty. I'm not the type that likes bitter coffee. I like my coffee smooth and not too strong and they make it right at Aspen. I like starbuck's white choco mocha, but I can definitely say that Aspen makes it better. The prices are similar to starbucks, so I don't mind the prices.I've never had the food at Aspen, but they seem to offer good options so that you can have a meal here. They have quiches, sandwiches, salads, and soups. They also have your standard pastry and bagel fare here like starbucks. Aspen is a nice study spot and I can usually find a place to study here. I am excited that this place is relatively close to the medical center, since I'll be spending more time there for the next 4 yrs.
<review# 732,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2013,9/17/2013,12,67,2,2,2>Liberty Bar is one of our favorite all-around restaurants in town.  Between the location, ambiance, service and of course the food, it's a winner all the way around.  And if all this wasn't enough, they're supporters of KRTU (San Antonio's member-supported jazz radio station) which puts them well over the top in my book.We first became somewhat regulars at Liberty after trying several times to visit other nearby popular brunch spots, only to always end up with at least an hour wait.  Each time we ended up at Liberty, we found a relaxed vibe with no crowds whatsoever.  And thus our love for this place was born.Liberty Bar manages to fuse a homey relaxed feel with gourmet food and great service.  It's a vibe I can't recall ever encountering elsewhere.  The two rooms downstairs and bar/seating area upstairs are light and airy, and always very clean.  My fiancee also always remarks on how nice the bathrooms are.  The food is delicious and the variety is impressive, all without breaking the bank.  There's a relatively small brunch menu which is supplemented by the full lunch menu.  There is also a great late-night happy hour, which we didn't discover until recently.With a great location on the edge of King WIlliam, a Bcycle station across the street, and trolley service (if they ever finish all the street work on Alamo), there's no excuse for not stopping by Liberty Bar to check out this great Southtown staple.
<review# 733,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2013,9/16/2013,192,81,5,7,6>This local coffee place does a nice job of making you feel part of their family. The owner is a gem. Small house coffee is $1.25 and it is just as good, as Starbucks' $1.89 Pike Place. Yeah, maybe there isn't a "Gold" card but after adding it up after buying 12 Starbucks cups gets me 18 La Taza cups. There isn't  a drive-thru but walking into a no line place and having a pleasant conversation while getting good coffee is fine with me. I see myself becoming a regular and exploring the rest of their menu and company.
<review# 734,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2013,9/15/2013,42,98,2,7,3>So I, like a lot of people my age, have recently turned into a bit of a pretentious beer snob. I'm always on the look out for a cool craft or specialty beer whilst turning my nose up at name brands like Budweiser and ....cough...Miller. Yuk! I use to think that only The Sauce (aka Flying Saucer) or Hills and Dales could satisfy my beer taste buds but the Filling Station made me take a second look. After visiting here last Tuesday I realized that I don't need a tri-fold menu printed front and back of beers or a huge list of beers on a chalkboard that can be more like reading War and Peace. Besides, I'm not out to get wasted and risk my life on the highways full of wrong way drivers who do drink that much. I'm out to relax and try new beers; to get a taste of something different and the Tap Room provided the perfect, quaint place to do so. Note that quaint is a Realtor's term for small, because it is small. There's a chalkboard of about 8 or 10 beers and that selection alone is enough to satisfy tastes and give you a variety of selections: a few IPA's a few pale ales...it's perfect! Downside was the plastic cups. Icing on the cake was the deck of cards left out for customers with fidgity hands, like me!
<review# 735,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2013,9/14/2013,169,83,3,5,3>Much better vibe and appears to be more well-managed than its location predecessor, Roaring Fork.I like that this is now a true upscale sports bar/restaurant, adding 10+ televisions, more outside table space, and a fresh new menu.  The GM has come over to my table each time I've visited.My primary suggestion to him? ADD ANOTHER CERVEZARITA TO THE MENU, BRO!!!!  It's called "The Karrie" and contains a mango margarita with a Blue Moon in it.  Bring the artisan and watch it fly!Anyway, check out the Happy Hour, which boasts small discounts on beer, margaritas, and apps.  I'd like to have seen a bit more effort on the price break, but it is "upscale", right?
<review# 736,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2013,9/13/2013,7,64,2,9,7>This place is damn near perfect with the exception of the crowding hipsters on weekends. I tend to come during the week, after a long days work- less people and you get a better feel for the place. No Redbull and whatever type drinks, which weeds out 'that' crowd.. Thank god! The bartenders are some of the best I've seen. Drinks are NOT watered down and worth the price. The Manhattan and Old Fashioned are my favorites, followed by the Blue Grass Fizz. Going on a date that you want to actually have a conversation with? This is your place!
<review# 737,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2013,9/12/2013,76,65,4,5,4>Our first experience of Barbaro was of just the bar area -- hey it does have Bar in the name.   My husband and I had a little time and were interested in seeing how the place had revamped from it's prior coffeehouse status, The Foundry.  The menu piqued our interest and we were back, in the same chairs, the next night.  It was as though we never left the unique atmosphere. Service was good and the staff is very helpful and informative on assisting with questions in regards to  toppings, drinks, etc.  We decided on the Smoked Mozzarella pizza which is one the house pizzas after a waitress gave us her rating of the pizzas from 1-4.  This was her number one choice. And, she just may be correct.  We were very impressed. The pizza came out with perfect bubbles in the crust, all toppings evening distributed and cooked to a brown/tan perfection.  This pizza has hot sauce on it, but it's not very hot and adds to the flavor of the unique combination.  Fresh cilantro was the perfect topping choice to mesh together all of the flavors as we masticated on our savory bites.    This pizza was like nothing I or my husband's taste buds had experienced.  All of the flavors combined perfectly. For dessert, we enjoy a salad after a heavy meal.  We split the Lemon vin with Ricotta Salata and it was delightful. My husband used the simile, "This tastes like adult candy."  We will be back to try all the pizzas as we had a very difficult time deciding on which one to consume.  However, we picked a good one thanks to the help from the wait staff / bartenders. Viva Barbaros.  Welcome to the hood!
<review# 738,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2013,9/11/2013,82,258,3,8,7>This is a fabulous place tucked away in a corner of the thriving Huebner Oaks complex at the end of the row where the Saucer is located.Small bar area and fabulous happy hour was our first taste of this place. After having eating countless meatballs (fabulous value), mixed seafood salad, polenta with artichokes, a fabulous carpaccio and pretty much the entire menu....we are firmly in the Luce fans category.  We have had lunch and dinner on many occasions and have always had excellent meals.  Fish has been perfectly cooked through yet moist in the middle (I like my fish medium rare in the middle, but there is an art to cooking fish through yet leaving it moist...a feat that take serious skill), excellent steaks, mixed grill, pastas are perfectly al dente and sauced appropriately, and most importantly they are very receptive to changing their recipes or making things to accommodate vegans and vegetarians.  From the Italian-american classic like the chicken scarpariello to the Osso Bucco, its all wellmade and had a homemade feel to it. The only thing I have found is that the lamb on almost all occasions has not been perfect...either too fatty or overcooked.  But seeing that everything else is good to great...I can overlook the lack of lambiness in their cooking.The hidden secret is the pizza! Fabulously sturdy, yet light crust makes for the perfect vehicle for the toppings which in turn are the perfect lining to your stomach as you are soaking up the happy hour martini! Oh and the fabulous service just accentuates the experience of the place!
<review# 739,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2013,9/10/2013,95,251,3,11,6>This place is unique. Kinda different and in a good way. I like different! I love that San Antonio is becoming so much more vegetarian friendly and organic minded. I will happily come here and support a health conscious oriented business!I had a Mean Green juice. I believe it is the most nutrient packed experience I have ever had! I also enjoyed a vegan tamale that was quite yummy!I do recommend you try this place! I must definitely come back and check out the rest of their nutritious options!
<review# 740,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2013,9/9/2013,70,122,7,5,4>Pros:out of this world homemade Greek food, great serviceCons: "shady" location, dark restaurant interior could use a facelift, very busy at lunchtime, dining room is a little too small and crampedVegetarians: please try the vegetarian plate (or see more details below)Are you kidding me?! I didn't even want any fries. But then I tasted one. Just one. The fresh, hand-cut fries with just the right herbed seasoning made my mouth water. And then I took a bite of the beef souvlaki in a pita, sans onions. I almost cried. Because I bit my tongue. The food was so darn delicious, the small pieces of skewered and seasoned beef were so tender and juicy, the tzatziki sauce had such a nice garlicky coolness, the warm pita was so buttery that my over-enthusiasm led to my untimely tongue tragedy. But I got over it pretty quickly. I rampaged through the souvlaki, making more of a horrendous mess than a five year old throwing a dinner-time temper tantrum. I sucked my fingers of the french fry seasoning so much that they almost started to prune like when you stay in the bath too long. This food slapped me silly.Mina and Dimi's is dive-ish. It is in a "shady" part of town... disintegrating shopping center with iron-barred storefronts and questionable characters hanging around. If you brave this, the reward you will get is Greek cuisine done right. It may not look like much inside, but I assure you that the staff and the food will win you over. In fact, the inside is a little dark and could use a bit of a facelift. Regardless, you could put me in a dank, dark dungeon with some food from Mina and Dimi's and I would be just peachy.The platters are big. The gyros, wraps, sandwiches.. whatever you want to call them... are perfect portions when served with fries and a fresh Greek salad. Vegetarians would be well served with choosing from the delicious vegetarian plate, vegetarian sandwich, or vegetarian moussaka. I recommend the vegetarian plate, but for something more filling, go for the moussaka.I am surprised to see that this establishment only has four stars. This is one of my San Antonio favorites and the best Greek in town.
<review# 741,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2012,9/18/2012,211,97,15,11,12>My dad works in the area of Casa del Kabob and recommended that I try it because it was delicious. To that, I said "WHAT?! Delicious Mediterranean on the southside? You jest, Old Man!!!"  (Full disclosure: I didn't really say that. I probably said something more like "oh, ok.")So, I voyaged down SW Military. Just past the point where I thought I should turn around and head back to the highway that I'm more familiar with, I saw it - a gleaming beacon of gyros in a converted Arby's building. I parked in the small parking lot up front and headed in.Since that day, I've been back multiple times, and am always recruiting new people from my office to give it a shot. I always eat a gyro. It is always delicious. The gyro meat (beef and lamb) is tender and has a wonderful flavor, the white sauce is super mild and tasty, and the giant steak fries that come with the sandwich are, well, giant steak fries. My lunch dates always testify that their meals of kabob plates and chicken gyros are delicious as well. If you feel like you need an appetizer, give the baba ghanoush a try - it's awesome and fresh, with little chunks of eggplant throughout to remind you that, yes, it is made from real veggies. It's served with naan that is cooked perfectly.Every time I've stopped by, the owner is manning the register and the kitchen. The dining room is always at least half full, yet the wait for food is always pretty short. The food is extremely reasonably priced, too. If you're in the area, you have to give this place a try... and if you're not in the area, well, get to the area! It's totally worth it.(Incidentally, the only person I've talked to who was unhappy with Casa del Kabob was pissed because they took her Arby's away. To each his own, I suppose.)
<review# 742,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2012,9/17/2012,101,497,6,9,3>It's Texas, it's hot, people must flock to bodies of water at any and all costs! I will recommend if we (and I mean TEXAS) are in a drought the river will not be very much fun. If we recently had awesome rain, the river will probably be A LOT of fun. So pay attention to the weather people! The Guadalupe State Park has been around for years and most families hold their holiday traditions here. So be sure if you plan a trip avoid the Easter holidays and other holidays that bring people in large quantities outdoors. People get loud, messy and kids run crazy wild. Who has any fun when you can't even hear the water rushing and birds chirping!? Hint: Not me.Admission is something like $7 per adult, free for children under the age of 13. I'm not too sure about the camping rules. The park is open from 8 am to 10 pm, I believe. I've seen people bring their dogs and let them swim. I'm not 100% sure that's allowed. I know 100% glass bottles and openly display of ADULT beverages is NOT allowed. Always check the website for details, naturally.Any other time NON-HOLIDAY, this park is the TITS!
<review# 743,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2012,9/16/2012,305,113,3,2,2>My first visit to Tong's Thai was last week after many, many, many, MANY nights ordering take out. I have no idea why I've never eaten here. Oh yeah, it's because they DELIVER! This is definitely a hangover cure kinda place. Comfort Thai food! That being said, the restaurant itself is quite cute and ecclectic, parking is kinda nutty and the food- well, it's great!I'm a creature of habit and usually end up ordering the same things (ie- get the Tong's Thai Bowl with pork!) but I venture out and try a new thing every other trip here.I'm never disappointed. Ever. Service was more than solid. Definitely my most visited Thai spot for #1 convenience and #2 quality of product. I'm a lucky gal to have this place near by.
<review# 744,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2012,9/15/2012,50,49,2,2,2>Folks, I think I may have found my spot. I headed to Madhatters (is there supposed to be an apostrophe in that?) this morning for brunch with a friend from out of town. Immediately, I was taken by the adorable decor. It's funky without being too pretentious... very cozy and welcoming! After perusing the brunch menu for a few minutes, I decided on the Spinach Scram and, of course, a mimosa. Since I was driving, I chose to forego the fishbowls, but next time, it's on!Our food was delivered promptly, and it was fresh and delicious... as well as reasonably priced, which is always a bonus on a teacher's salary! Though I didn't try any of their teas this time around, I'll be back within the week to chill out and grade some papers with a nice rooibos. Maybe I'll see some of you guys there!
<review# 745,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2012,9/14/2012,19,154,3,7,3>After the first couple of bites into my pork banh mi, I had only one wish: "I wish this sandwich would go on forever." As a Vietnamese person, I can understand the hype around our sandwiches - they are pretty damn awesome and a great combination of salty, pickle tart, crisp veggie crunch, and hot marinated meat. The best part about French Sandwiches and what makes them unrivaled in the sandwich arena is their bread. Soft, yet crusty crisp without crumbling, and not so hard that it would ever cut the roof of your mouth. You can bite into these with impunity. "Be reckless, be bold, bite into it." At $7.50, the sizeable sandwich comes with a soup or salad or chips/pastry and a cream puff. BF opted for the French Onion Soup (with a chicken base instead of a beef consomme in this case, but still oniony and delicious). I had to grab a doggie bag.A nearby table was raving about the pate as well. I'll aim for that next time.
<review# 746,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2012,9/13/2012,63,69,2,5,2>Came here and brought two new friends to try the pizzas. They both raved about the crust and toppings. So now I have two more Deco devotees. I'm shocked and surprised that when I came here to update I saw things people had written comparing this to frozen pizza? I'm sorry, but that is just INSANE. This pizza is some of the best I have ever had, and it is so obviously fresh and delicious that I can only assume these reviewers were suffering from some sort of blackout and memory dysfunction, so I wish them a full and speedy recovery. You are in my thoughts, fellow yelpers. PS- sandwich wise, the shrimp poboy is yUm-O supreme. Yeah, that's a technical foodie term. Wings are the best in SA, bar NONE.ALSO- Deco now offering a delicious brunch that we have tried on both Easter Sunday and Mother's Day. The Belgian Waffle is delicious, and the strawberry butter they serve is unbelievable. Recently tried to mac and cheese with shrimp (greatness) as well as a breakfast pizza with chorizo, over easy egg and potatoes, coated in a light truffle oil. AMAZING. What a great meal. Our server was on his first day, on Mother's Day of all days, poor guy, but was very sweet and attentive. We enjoyed a patio sit, as always, with mimosas in hand and very satisfied bellies. Jacob, the owner, came to check on us, as usual, and everyone was very satisfied with a fantastic brunch. Also, everyone ordered so much food that there were naturally leftovers. I am here to state they were just as good at home later. Check out the best pizza place SA has to offer- you won't regret it!
<review# 747,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2012,9/12/2012,12,32,,3,1>I was hesitant about this place because a couple of the reviews, but I decided to go ahead and try it because not everyone is going to have the same experience. I ordered take out, Chicken Pad Thai, my absolute favorite that I've had in many different establishments all over the country. It was ready when they said it would be ready, so I was really pleased with that. The waitress was really nice, personable and helpful. They're close to me and they deliver, which is a HUGE plus when it comes to getting Thai. The food was REALLY good. I loved that they put tofu AND chicken in it, made it extra tasty! Will be returning many times over!
<review# 748,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2012,9/11/2012,78,74,,8,4>We found this little pizza joint on Yelp while in the area shopping. We realized we were hungry and scrambled to find something fast!  We chose three restaurants nearby and decided on what sounded best for that night. We entered and were greeted pleasantly by Giuseppe, the owner and his helper.  We ordered what is a typical pizza for us, pepperoni, ham (Canadian Bacon preferred), & black olives on a thin crust, with mozzarella cheese.  Green olives were also included, though this is not our typical style.  We also ordered a Greek salad, and a Cannoli for dessert.  The salad tasted great, and the pizza was AMAZING!!!!  This was the best pizza I have ever had!  Everything had the freshest tasting ingredients, and was hand made by the owner.  Better than the ones I had in NY when traveling. This was my first ever Cannoli, and I thought it was very yummy. My wife assured me that it was authentic and very good.Some members are complaining about the prices here, and I understand why. It was a little pricey, but I believe you get what you pay for here!  To compare this establishment to any cookie cutter chain pizza company would be ludicrous!!   We are happy to spend our money on an owner that takes this much pride in his work!  Can't wait to go back!!!
<review# 749,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2012,9/10/2012,24,81,,4,5>What can I say that hasn't been said already?  This place has it all; it's the perfect place for a night out with friends.  Great draft beer at great prices.  Delicious food provided by several food trucks.  Tons of space to sit and people-watch.  Depending on when you go, the vibe of the crowd does change.  Go early on a Friday evening and you will see more professional types just getting out for a happy hour with co-workers.  Stick around a few hours and the crowd is more the trendy-hipster-type.  Either way it's a chill, relaxed atmosphere perfect for anyone looking to have a few beers and eat some amazing food.  My one and only issue is the women's restroom - please put a mirror in there!
<review# 750,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2012,9/9/2012,7,44,,1,2>If you care about atmosphere. Starting off with the environment... If I remember correctly, it was a typical Vietnamese restaurant. This means it was a forgettable atmosphere, nothing to rave about. Just tables and chairs and maybe a few pieces hanging on the walls. More importantly, it was a clean restaurant. Parking wasn't bad. There was open parking in front and behind the restaurant. I ordered the chicken pho. The broth was delicious... Just the way I remember it since I grew up eating this stuff (I am also comparing this restaurant's pho with House of Pho). The chicken was a little dry... I've had better chicken in my pho. The service was pretty good. I was greeted and seat by the staff right when I walked in. They took my order in a good amount of time and I receive my food in a good amount of time. Reasonable prices. The small size was perfect size for me. Get the large size if you have a huge appetite since it comes out in quite a large bowl.
<review# 751,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2012,4/7/2012,140,168,2,11,4>The postcard describes this as "Delicious South American pastries made from two or more cookies bound together with Dulce de Leche, Nutela, or Peanut Butter, covered with chocolate".  Oh YEAH baby - these little cookies are addictive! And the shop is just adorable - like a little jewelry store, but with SWEETS! Everything is boxed or packaged with colorful icing and boxes and ribbons. I got several boxes from the charming proprietors to give as gifts - they were a hit with my friends. They can do the icing designs to order, so my neighbor just ordered some for her kid's birthday party. The nice couple that run this place offer you coffee and encourage you to taste whatever you like. A little pricey, but these little cookies are awesome. They also sell flavored pecans from their pecan farm. Treat yourself!
<review# 752,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2011,4/6/2012,63,117,4,8,6>Fig Tree my dear, you really make your patrons work hard for their meal. It was close to impossible to find this place and La Villita isn't even a through street. I suppose this prologue adds to the tree's overall allure. Because, behind its modest store front lies a secret garden waiting to entranced weary travelers with wondrous flavors and lingering aromas. Some friends and I came here for restaurant week. On the menu was capreses salad (Burrata/baby tomatoes/arugula/ balsalmic reduction), braised veal short ribs (polenta/wild mushrooms/ braising jus), and chocolate macaron (w/ chocolate gelato). Having eaten here, one will begin to appreciate and justify the existence for fine dinning. This isn't a place that many can just afford to eat every month or even every year. But, it's existence allows for true culinary creativity and evolution to take place. And, it's also what makes eating exciting. The star of the meal was the veal short ribs. Never have I been so enamored with such a complete dish that every component's flavor and texture existed in perfect harmony. In each bite you will feel as though everything in life is exactly the way it should be. The attention to details really set the dinning experience above anything else. Appetizer and dessert tasters compliment of the chef and a personal greeting from him at the end of our meal were special touches that made this a lovely summer's night.
<review# 753,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2011,4/5/2012,84,194,3,9,7>Awesome little place! Indoor farmer's market! Small, but well stocked and a diamond in the rough. These are the kind of family run businesses that I believe in and we Texans should support! I bought 2 gigantic tomatoes, baby bella mushrooms, a small basket of strawberries and a bag of spinach all for 8 bucks.  Everything looks so fresh, ripe and delicious! I will definitely be coming back!!! 5 stars all the way!
<review# 754,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2012,4/4/2012,232,93,3,5,3>I love this place. Its has a small town country bar feel but its not too far from the city. This place tends to have a lot of the up an coming artist but some of the big names too! I saw Jarrod Neeman here on a date last summer and loved it so much I came back to check out a few more bands. It has a great outdoor space and Awesome Bathrooms! I said it! I love me a clean potty 'specially at a bar! The beers are moderately priced. There are pool tables, a good dance floor, indoor and outdoor heaters and a lot of other cool things. They do tend to have a cover on weekends for the bands etc but its a neat place you can pull up to and park in the dirt and have a good time.
<review# 755,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/29/2012,4/3/2012,177,94,2,4,4>I have been wanting to come here since I started Yelping and I finally made it down here during my alotted "coffee time"Thus is such a cool little place. The Carmel Lattes are fantastic and apparently if you come in the afternoon they have happy hour with beer and wine. I will definitely have to check that out someday soon.The barristas are very friendly and were genuinely curious what finally brought me in. The latte was delicious and significantly cheaper than a Starbucks.  I will make sure I find a way to get down here again and do it as often as I can.
<review# 756,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2012,4/2/2012,274,398,4,10,7>There is a reason this place is racking up all the positive reviews, it is all that and then some. I love the atmosphere. Big windows letting in lots of natural light. The tables are nicely spaced so it does not feel like you are sitting on top or with another table of patrons. From the dining area the food area is in an easy to access elevated area. Nice little separation.The food is wonderful, nice selection of salad, soups, side dishes, wonderful flat bread and entrees. The service is friendly and attentive. This place is definitely worth many visits. Just go hungry as in very hungry. They got the cure for that.
<review# 757,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2011,3/31/2012,383,299,10,14,10>Probably the best Cajun and Creole food San Antonio has to offer. The wait staff is superb and attentive which made the experience even more satisfying. The seafood fondue was one of the most delicious things I have ever tasted. Yes, an odd pairing -- seafood and cheese, but trust me, it was delicious. The shrimp, crawfish, artichoke, mushrooms and the cheese complimented each other and it was overwhelming with flavor and texture. On top of that, the garlic bread served to eat with the fondue was tasty as well. The other entree items are fulfilling, flavorful, and on point. Neither the etoufee or the jambalaya were too heavy and was a very balanced dish. One thing I love about this place is how generous they are -- not just with the portions of the dish, but the amount of shrimp, crawfish, sausage, and chicken that they put into each dish. Thanks for not being frugal, it's appreciated and definitely makes the dishes more enjoyable. Seafood Fondue - 4.5/5Shrimp and Crawfish Etoufee - 4/5Chicken and Sausage Jambalaya - 3.5/5Gumbo Soup - 2/5 Great menu selection, decent prices, a full bar, friendly staff, and overall a pleasant restaurant. I plan to go back real soon because I want to try their fried oysters and catfish po-boy sandwiches! I suggest you make this your next place to eat AND Yelp about!
<review# 758,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2011,3/30/2012,55,34,3,7,4>I went to Flesh Electric for Father's Day for a fairly simple tattoo. Needless to say, I will be coming back for more work. I actually met one of the artists, Elloy, at a previous shop. Knowing he worked there compelled me to stop by.Matt was the artist that worked with me and did a great job with time to spare. All I wanted was a script name...Matt re-drew it twice to make sure it was to my liking. Let's just say...HE KILLED IT!The shop is bright and clean with a lot of art/flash/antique flash on the walls. The chairs are comfortable and the portfolios are readily available.If you want something custom, these guys can help you out. Stop by, check 'em out, get some ink. You won't be disappointed.
<review# 759,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2011,3/29/2012,169,43,3,6,3>We drove 25 minutes to go get some yummy looking cupcakes from Saweet Cupcakes, we got lost a little bit because the truck camouflaged with its surrounding stores in the corner so we did not see it right away. We approached the truck & immediately got an energetic hello from the lady working. She was very kind and perky, very good customer service. Dark Red Velvet: My fave cupcake flavor! It was very good, moist, and the icing wasn't that sweet which I loved.Chocolate Coconut: My boyfriend's favorite, he loved it. I really liked the coconut sprinkled on top but the chocolate icing was a little too sweet. Carrot Cake: It was okay and moist but it could've used a little bit more flavor.My favorite cupcake place ever is Sprinkles Cupcakes, but they don't have one here in San Antonio and we only get to buy some whenever we visit Houston. I've been meaning to find a replacement for Sprinkles but no other cupcake store came close to it, till I tried Saweet Cupcakes. Best cupcakes in San Antonio! 5 stars for the presentation of the cupcakes, taste, customer service, and how its here in San Antonio! Definitely would come here again whenever I crave cupcakes.
<review# 760,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2011,3/28/2012,34,101,2,7,5>I had a killer craving for brisket and I googled and yelped for an hour till I decided on this place. I went once and ordered two sandwhiches, I was pleased. The next week my friend from California was visiting and wanted to try some real Southern food that they didnt have in LOS ANGELEES. So I took him here. We ended up going 4 times during the week. I havent tried any other bbq places in San Antonio, but I really like this one.
<review# 761,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2012,7/8/2012,150,84,,6,3>I was trying to find a place where I could enjoy a nice lunch while also getting some work done.  I've gotten use to doing some of my work at local coffee joints, but I needed lunch.I called Paloma Blanca to confirm that they had wi-fi.  Not only did they confirm, they offered to set aside a booth for me that would be quieter.  They made it clear that there would be NO effort to get me to leave early to make room for other possible customers.I've eaten here many times and everything is delicious - from the enchiladas to the fajitas.  Today I had the Pollo Asado.  $7.95 for a grilled chicken breast with mushrooms, peppers, and onions served with rice and boracho beans.  The corn tortillas are very good as well (seem to be high end store bought or made here in the restaurant - I really can't tell, which is odd).The chips are not typical and are very good.  They serve them with two salsas - roasted and traditional.  Both good, but the roasted was a little bland this time.The service is top notch!  Lunch prices are very good considering the quality of the food.  The free wi-fi is the icing on the cake.
<review# 762,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2012,7/7/2012,305,113,1,6,4>Awwwww Luke! You're back! I dont know what was up that one time I went but service wasnt amazing and I was grumpy at the hostess/servers for giving me lip but FEAR NOT Yelpers!!!! The last 3 visits to Luke have been nothing short of exceptional. Oysters- delicious. Appetizers- perfection. The drinks (my fave being the French 75) and wine list- impressive. We had a huge table at our last visit and everything was spot on. We had to rush out of there earlier than we wanted to grab our seats for Corneyation and next time I promise we will stay until our bellies are full.For all my Gluten-Free pals, GO HERE IMMEDIATELY! Sure there are plenty of things we can't have but there sure are a ton we can savor and daydream about later. I will say that I feel horrible for my previous review (eventhough I gave it 4 stars). I know if Chef had been there that night our meal would have been a completely different experience. And you know what? It was my bad for not saying something while I was there and instead using Yelp to voice my problems. Lesson learned! My cousin is due for another visit and I know his tummy will be thoroughly satisfied this time around. So if you are a local or a tourist, a foodie or just a hungry girl looking for some yummy grub, this is definitely a place to frequent and acquaint yourself with.
<review# 763,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2011,7/5/2012,117,143,,6,3>It took two visits to Deco Pizzeria before I wrote a review, but I really just wanted to make sure I wasn't just imagining the awesomeness. Turns out this place is awesome.It's a casual neighborhood pizza place, if that's what you're looking for. It's a quaint and intimate date-night venue, if that's what you're looking for. It's a courtyard with a stage and live music, if that's what you're looking for. Regardless of what you're ACTUALLY looking for, this place has great food, reasonable prices, and alcohol. You're welcome.Snuggled in the art-deco part of San Antonio (yes, we have one of those), this locally owned-and-operated boasts a full menu of deliciousness to choose from. Unless you've got a food allergy you just can't go wrong with anything on this menu! They just added a shrimp po' boy that I plan on going back to try.Enjoy!
<review# 764,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2011,7/4/2012,101,63,2,3,2>This is probably one of the most unexpected treasures of the city. Housed in a mansion which was owned by art enthusiast Marion Koogler McNay are paintings, sculptures, and other artifacts aplenty. There is an extensive collection of theater related memorabilia that seasonally changes, something you don't see in most art museums.  An addition houses the special exhibits, recently a George Nelson retrospective and Sandy Skogul's Cocktail Party. A previous reviewer alluded to some surprises, and there are some, but the real gem is the courtyard with its serene koi ponds. The collection is well rounded with some modern pieces interwoven with some impressionist pieces. You never feel overwhelmed with all the pieces to gaze. Every Thursday after 5 is free as well as every first Sunday of every month.
<review# 765,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2011,7/3/2012,397,255,3,7,5>I have been to a Thai Chili and Thai Dee, and didn't like them as much I as I liked Thai Cafe. This place rocks!! On my last trip Pad Thai and Beef was so good I must have ate the whole buffet dish. This place has great service too especially for being a buffet restaurant. They raised the price to $8.99 for lunch buffet, but I don't care; I just can't get enough. This is best Thai restaurant in town. Upgrade to 5 stars Get Your Thai on at Thai Cafe...
<review# 766,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2012,7/2/2012,274,398,3,10,5>Eating at Winner Winner Chicken Dinner will make you a winner winner wow what a dinner.The MasMas Chicken Cheesesteak is fantastic. The chicken so moist and tasty. So cheesey and the bun light and fluffy like a cloud. Just makes you want MasMas.Then there is the Guac-a-Bolas, like wow on steroids. Crunchy outside, then a nice layer of chicken and hiding in the middle a chunk of avocado. Then add the sweet berry sauce on top and you have a tasty bite of yum.This is a must try truck.
<review# 767,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2012,7/1/2012,177,94,7,7,8>The name says it all!  Friendly.  Pet friendly, family friendly, and loaded most days with friendly people.  The 1st time I wandered into The Friendly Spot I was not sure what to expect.  I saw what looked like a bar as I was driving by but there is also a play land in the front.  Curiosity got the better of me and I parked and headed in.  I walked up to the bar and was more than a little overwhelmed by the beer choices.  I am a beer snob and was not expecting this type of a selection.  I had a feeling that I may have found a new favorite bar.  I started talking to the gentleman behind the bar, he introduced himself as Steve.  He made a few recommendations for me based on the beer styles I liked.  It turns out that Steve is the owner of The Friendly Spot.  We sat and talked like we were old friends.  At this point I am starting to understand the name of this place.  I ended up closing the place down that night.  Then got a complete tour.  Steve told me all about how he ended up a bar owner and all of the plans that he had for the place.  For the record he wasn't lying about his plans.  Most, if not all, of what he told me is done or is in process now.  The thing that really made me understand the name The Friendly Spot though was the 2nd visit.  I walked in and Steve walked up and said hi to me.  Not only did he recognize me but he also remembered my name.  Who does that anymore?  Now that I have bored you with my name dropping lets get down to the dirty details.The Friendly Spot has one of the best beer selections in San Antonio.  I can think of maybe 2 other bars that can even try to compete with them.  Roughly 200 to choose from.  The staff is amazing and very knowledgeable.  On numerous occasions I have been unable to decide on what I wanted.  I simply tell the bartender what styles I like and let them choose my beer.  Not once has their selection not been spot on.  The staff really know their beers!  This also helps me to branch out and try things that I have never had and may not have ever even heard of.
<review# 768,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2011,6/30/2012,36,119,1,3,1>Wonderful local spot!  The menu is limited but very tasty, and when you get a chance to talk to the owner, Mr. Williams, you will realize what a local gem you have discovered.  This is a place with history, charm, and warm encounters.The restaurant is set on the top floor of an old house just east of the Alamodome.  The bottom floor is both a museum and barber's set-up.  I recommend just trying what's on special and striking up a conversation with your server or Mr. Williams, if he is around.  I grew up in San Antonio, but had never been here until recently, and I will definitely be back.
<review# 769,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2011,6/29/2012,47,160,1,6,2>When my wife and I were preparing to move into our new house, we had pretty much packed every item we had away.  We soon found out our closing date was delayed, and turned to the Neighborhood Gourmet to cook for us (cause unpacking dishes would have been way to difficult).  The value is really through the roof.  In all reality, dinner for 2 could really feed 4.  We often made 2 meals out our dinner (and I'm no slouch when it comes to packing it in).The story of this guy is really cool (see Hecate F.'s review), and I really did like supporting him, plus it was nice to have "home cooked" meals instead of take out.  I wouldn't necessarily say the food was 5 stars, but it is very tasty at an astonishing price.  The only downfall is that you have to plan a day ahead to enjoy it.  Check out his website and give the Neighborhood Gourmet a try.  Menu's are published weekly and although there are limited daily selections, I never had anything that I didn't like.  Pick it up on your way home and enjoy!
<review# 770,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2011,6/28/2012,7,43,2,2,2>SAMA's collection is not as robust as other major city museums. But they have a good sampling of decent work from various cultures. I enjoy the Latin American folk art collection, which I think is unique, as most museums don't put much emphasis on Latin American work, much less folk art. I also like the contemporary art curator. Seems to be down with the people, showing local artists work and work by artists like Alex Grey. They even had him as a guest speaker, and drew a diverse crowd. I like that he's in touch with art of the popular culture and not just interested in art that gets talked about at rich peoples cocktail parties or that's published in Artnews or wherever it is that that boring contemporary art gets talked about. Wish they'd sell off some of their decorative arts and buy better stuff that also doesn't make me bored. They have an inordinate amount of pots vases platters etc. that must have been bequeathed to the museum or something. Anyway Stop by Tuesday evenings for FREE admission!
<review# 771,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2014,4/7/2014,107,89,8,15,7>HALLELUJAH!I finally found a San Antonio salon!After less than positive experiences at several other salons- a certain very popular stylist (whose name starts with L) who was highly recommended on Yelp who took smoke breaks during my hair color and cut session- I was exasperated. Where can a girl get professional service and not hear all about relationship drama/baby mama drama/drug riddled past? OR- the stylist from another well known salon who suggested that my adopted child would be like the kid from Problem Child (I'm not even making this shiz up). C'mon San Antonio, you can do better!Enter K. Charles. Yes, it's gratuity free- but the service far exceeds anything else I've experienced in San Antonio. The salon is relaxing, drama free and they use amazing Aveda products. Yes, they'll try to sell you some products, but I'm ok with that trade off without having the drama. I am so glad that after three arduous years, my mane has finally found it's home. Thanks Brittany!
<review# 772,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2013,4/6/2014,52,67,6,13,10>Hands down the best museum in town! Be sure to grab a map from the front desk so you can plot out which works of art you want to enjoy first. The museum employees are all very helpful and courteous and they enjoy hearing feedback about your museum experiences. Picture taking is OK so you don't have to sneak around like me taking pics for 30 mins before realizing that it's actually allowed :p Be prepared for a good walk, it took us about 2 hours to go through each and every single exhibit. The Luxury is right around the corner, too, food for thought!If you start your journey on the left-hand side of the museum, you will (conveniently) end at the gift shop, which is a nice way to end your adventure. Also, they have student discounts with your college I.D. along with a couple of times during the week when admission is free. Plenty of parking!There are so many works of art being displayed, it's truly amazing. While the exterior of the museum may be deceiving and have you skeptical (doesn't look like a museum - strange building can't possibly house a museum - almost looks abandoned) you will be quite surprised once you start seeing room after room of beautiful pieces.Art is food for the eyes and soul. Take your time and soak up all the beauty.You'll be mesmorized by the paintings and sculptures and you'll definitely be blown away on how various cultures express their creativity artistically. To me, it's always so impressive and amazing to know that someone hundreds of years ago managed to create a statue with perfect proportions. The interior of the museum itself is beautiful, very modern and up-to-date with window fixtures that I swear are absolutely perfect for each piece they shine light upon. With all of the vaulted ceilings and various rooms, it seems like each piece is perfectly matched up with a perfect display area. Even the museum is a work of art, with plenty of opportunities to look out of the window and enjoy a beautiful view of downtown or the San Antonio River. The entire atmosphere of the museum and the whole surrounding area is just really wonderful.  We will most definitely be returning, and I can't wait to experience their second Friday art party that I keep hearing so many great things about!
<review# 773,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2014,4/5/2014,114,280,6,13,12>The Medina river natural area and green way is huge!!! Deff a great place for a Sunday fun day. I initially planned on driving somewhere 1 hr outside SA to spend some quality time with Mother Nature but decided to come here instead since it is a lot closer. I love the fact that this place has a river running through. You don't see that a lot at the parks in SA. Even though it is still in SA, it makes you feel you are farther away which is perfect b/c you don't have to drive far at all to enjoy this hidden gem. I came on a Sunday and hiked for about 7 miles round trip. It took me 3 hrs to finish. I did the El Chaparral green way trail (paved, 2.91 miles) and back, Nogales trail (unpaved, 0.3 miles), part of the Rio Medina loop (unpaved) and Olmos Spur trail (unpaved, 0.15 miles). I was pretty tired afterwards but it was awesome! Since I came during the winter time the park wasn't that scenic and the river looked kinda dead. Surprisingly I saw some ppl fishing. I also saw birds but didn't get to see other animals (not that I wanted to see a snake!). But I am sure this place will look great when spring comes! I can't wait to visit again and update my review.
<review# 774,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2014,4/4/2014,84,393,3,5,5>Gaucho Gourmet is located in an industrial shopping center off of Isom Rd.  It is closer to the airport side where Jones turns into Sandau if that helps.  After seeing Stephen C.'s picture of the Nutella cheesecake it was evident that I needed to make my way over here.  What a nice surprise of a market.  Fresh cheeses that are reasonably priced, different types of bistro sausage, an olive bar, and a whole aisle of olive oils.  On Saturday's the deli area offers sandwiches.  I had the pancetta BLT, which runs $7, and for $3.50 you can add a Pellegrino soda and a dessert.  It came with a side of olives, and the bread was perfectly toasted and crusty. Gaucho Gourmet also carries Savannah Bee company honeycombs that add a nice touch to any cheese tray.  The market has small hand carts, but it's too small for push carts.  I'm not sure how easy it would be to navigate with multiple children, but it's doable.  I also forgot my reusable bags, which would have come in handy for the stuff I was carrying.  The market is open other days of the week, but the hours are limited so definitely check online before heading over.
<review# 775,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2014,4/3/2014,211,179,4,9,5>Thanks to Ash "The Hard Sell" M, I now have a new obsession!  Having lived in the Med Center for the last year, I've passed by this place plenty of times, but never stopped in until about two weeks ago, when I developed a strange pregnant lady style craving for Indian food.  Not knowing which of the many area Indian buffets to choose, I turned to yelp (and Ash) for guidance.  Thank you for NOT steering me wrong!  This place is wonderful :) Don't let the unassuming storefront fool you, what is inside is incredible!  I've gone at several different times and each time the buffet is fully stocked with fresh, hot offerings.  My fav is the veggie samosas!  Holy moly, can I put away plenty of those!  Their veggie rice is great also.  Staff is friendly and the place is kept spotless (as is obvious by their numerous blue plate awards).  They keep your glass full as you take your journey to a full (and happy) tummy. As a bonus, their dinner buffet is $1 to $2 cheaper than most other Indian places in the area.
<review# 776,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2013,4/2/2014,32,166,2,7,6>My friend and I had a really nice lunch at Speisen on a recent cold, dreary December day. We were warmly greeted when we arrived, and we settled in to a cozy booth. Our server thoroughly explained the lunch menu offerings to us. I settled on the French onion soup as a starter, and it was delicious. The broth was rich and flavorful, and the cheesy/toasty topping was killer. I had the Wiener Schnitzel and potato salad for my main course, and I embarrassingly ate every last bite of the thin, perfectly fried turkey cutlet. The accompanying potato salad was vinegary and light. I can't wait to return to Speisen to try their other menu items. We were tempted by the apple strudel for dessert, but we were too full to try it!
<review# 777,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2013,4/1/2014,74,116,6,11,7>How excited were we when our neighbors invited us to a birthday bash At Big Lou's Pizza? We had never been but it was definitely on our bucket list for Pizza in San Antonio. It was about A 30-minute drive from our home so I wasn't Positive it was going to be worth the trouble. Boy was I wrong. We saw theYellow glow of the sign with the clover and pulled in and drove to theBack of the building to park. It was a Friday night so there were lots of cars in the parking lot but we managed Rather quickly to find a parking spot. There was a long corridor/entry when we walked in with signs leading us to the Happiest group of staff at the counter. There was actually no line to the counter, Despite the fact that there were so many people there. The staff at the front Asked us if were here for a birthday and were all smiling and when we told them Yes, we were there for Tim's Birthday. They seemed very excited.We walked around to the other side of the wall and saw our party sitting around a bunch of tables that had been pushed together. They asked if we had ever seen the big pizza. I told them we had seen it on TV but they insisted we had not seen the one that was coming.A very friendly waitress came over and with pitcher's of soda and there were cups of ice and straws already on the table. My husband went to get us two beers from the bar. I told him that I wanted a Ziegenbock and he came back with a Killian's Irish Red. Oh, I love that man of mine, he knows me so well. He said the Ziegenbock's were only a dollar but you have to buy a minimum of five. That is quite a good deal! I believe this offer is only valid Monday through Friday.The staff began to come over and clear things from the middle of the table. They decided to add two more tables to be sure there was enough room for our full party and for what was to come...And then it appeared from the other side of the wall...Two men carrying the biggest pizza pie I have ever seen. It was a 62" pizza!  Half pepperoni and Half supreme. I had heard of the 42" pizza but it didn't even compare to this mammoth. The whole restaurant burst into applause and we just stared, mouths agape, as they placed it on the table. Every one at the table started taking pictures and then other people came over to take pictures. The star had arrived and with it, the paparazzi. We were given silverware in individual white paper holders. We were also given long rectangle-shaped metal plates that we could slide under each slice of pizza in order to pull it from the enormous pie. Now, I didn't have high hopes for the taste of the pizza since I figured the novelty of the size was what most people came to experience. However, I was amazed at how good it was. I especially liked the sauce. Now, you would think that big pizza was more than enough food to serve. But, not at Big Lou's. The staff come over with salads and wings to accompany the pizza! There was no way I was having any of that. Most of us couldn't even finish one slice of that pizza. My husband had 1 1/2 slices and the birthday man had THREE slices.Since it was a birthday celebration, the staff came over and had a big cardboard sign for the birthday man to wear along with a bucket hat. He got up on a table wearing the sandwich-sign. The whole restaurant sang to him and we took lots of pictures. It was such a fun night and the staff and managers came over several times during the night to make sure we were having a good time and to express how happy they were that we were there. Everyone wanted to know how I was going to rate this on YELP. I told them four stars but after reflecting on the night, how I could I give it any less than FIVE stars? Perfect Service, Quality Pizza, and the best part, a wonderful memory. Thank you Big Lou's and Keep up the Great Work!
<review# 778,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2013,3/31/2014,21,239,3,6,7>The San Antonio Express-News "Taste" section recently carried a very favorable review of Ray's, touting it as the restaurant that invented the puffy taco. But what really intrigued me was the "crispy dog"--a hot dog and cheese wrapped in a corn tortilla and deep-fried. I had to check it out!I couldn't choose between the puffy taco and the crispy dog, so I got both! The puffy taco was truly the best I've ever had: nicely spiced meat and fresh salad ingredients complemented by a crisp corn taco shell that wasn't too greasy and didn't fall apart. A triumph! But what I really loved was what had attracted me in the first place: the crispy dogs. This is raunchy, low-class food--a fried corn tortilla encasing a cheap hot dog and runny Velveeta-like cheese. It's good with a squirt of the provided yellow mustard and positively transcendent with a dollop of Ray's excellent salsa verde.The rest of the menu looks good, so there are still plenty of things for me to try. But I may have difficulty not ordering the crispy dogs again. Because I'm a regular at Gallo Pizzeria, I'm no stranger to this neighborhood. But I had never traveled the extra block to Ray's until this week. But now that I know where it is, I'll be back. Give 'em a try!
<review# 779,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2014,3/30/2014,88,178,3,7,7>I love this bakery/restaurant. Every time I come in I am always greeted with a smile and you can truly feel that sense of family within this establishment. The breakfast and lunch items are exceptionally cheap. $3.99 for biscuits and gravy with $1.00 addition for adding bacon or sausage. Those bad boys (I'm talkin' bout the biscuit) take up an entire plate and are so buttery that they literally melt in your mouth. Now, pair that with a hearty true southern cream gravy and you got yourself a meal that is sure to stick to your bones (or soak up any lingering hangover).Definitely save room for dessert because no matter what your sweet tooth desires they've got something for you here. The lemon bars are great, as are the strawberry cake and the buttermilk chess pie. Everything I've tried here so far has been exceptional. Definitely stop by and grab a bite if you're in the area.
<review# 780,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2014,3/29/2014,13,32,4,8,4>Where to start, where to start...Well, I'll start off with a gigantic thank you to Feast. Thank you giving my husband and I such horrible service that we felt the need to walk out. If it wasn't for you, we would not have ended up having one of the most delicious meals of our life. After our mediocre experience at Feast, my husband and I were in search of a tasty, new to us restaurant. Since we live in the King William/Southtown area and didn't want to travel far we thought why not Bliss. I've been wanting to try it since it opened, but never got around to it. This seemed like the perfect opportunity, so we went for it. Good thing we did. Yummy!! We had the oyster sliders to start which were fantastic. That candied bacon is to die for. For our entrees my husband had the duck foie gras and I the beef tenderloin. Phenomenal!! Everything was so perfectly delicious. Such a great balance of flavors. Oh, and my steak was cooked perfectly. For dessert we had the chocolate heart which was awesome and gluten free apparently. But above all else, the service was AMAZING!! After having such a bad experience at Feast, the waitress (hats off to Marcy for exceptional service) and hostess at Bliss made us feel like royalty. From the second we walked in, it was a billion times better than what we had just experienced only a few blocks away. We will most certainly be returning to Bliss.Thanks again, Feast! ;-)
<review# 781,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2010,11/6/2011,116,50,2,6,3>Some Sundays (or Saturdays, in this case - but usually Sundays), all I want is a good bagel w/lox, with all the fixings, a New York Times, and a cup of coffee.  Usually the most difficult component is the good bagel and lox, but now - mischief managed!This place is exactly how I think a bagel shop/deli should feel - unpretentious, filled with families and a couple of solo regulars, pastries, bagels, and Boar's Head meats and cheeses on display - heaven!  I got the everything bagel (The ET) with cream cheese, lox, onions, tomato, and capers.  Holy hell yes.  This is the breakfast of champions, and the bagel was spot on.  The only missing component?  The coffee.  Sooo bad!  It's just water dressed in brown.  I guess I could pick some up at Shipley's Donuts next door, but I wish I didn't have to.Regardless, I'll be back to sample some non-breakfast fare: their sandwiches looked mighty tasty, and I'm a sucker for a good Chicago-style hot dog.  Mostly, though, my Sunday mornings are now that much closer to complete!
<review# 782,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2010,11/5/2011,153,232,6,8,7>Is there any better comfort food than Earl Abel's fried Chicken?  No other food around can make me feel the same.  I miss the old location sitting under the coat of arms with my parents and grandparents for lunch after church.  Thanks to the hi rise known as The Broadway they moved into a Terrell Plaza on Austin Highway.I have not eaten in the new dining room, I prefer to pick up fried chicken from the to go area.  Gone are the grouchy and mean ladies who never stayed past closing time.  Now they have very friendly and helpful ladies who actually want you to have a good experience.  The chicken is slap your mama good along with homemade yeast rolls, mashed potatoes, gravy and coleslaw.  Did I mention the desserts?  Eclairs that are rich and delicious and all sorts of homemade pies that are to die for.If you are in need of some comfort food stop in and pick some up to take home to anyone who needs their spirits raised.
<review# 783,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2010,11/4/2011,75,101,3,6,5>The shops at La Cantera never fail to please my utmost girly side. I love this place. Not just to shop, but to just walk around and relax. My favorite person in the world and I decided to take a stroll there (making sure not to stroll right by Anthropologie of course!) on Saturday evening. There was a nice chill in the evening air and of course it's my favorite time of the year there because it's already all lit up for Christmas, which always makes me smile.This place is layed out in a fantastic way, almost like Fashion Valley in San Diego. It's functional, in my opinion and I always enjoy walking around there because the walk ways are nice and wide and it never feel uncomfortable and just stuffy. I think for the most part, San Antonio did a really great job with the stores that are in La Cantera. It feels comfortable and even though some of the stores are a bit pretentious for my taste, I avoid being bothered by that by simply not going in those stores! Clever huh?I will always miss my old familiar places back home in Houston, such as Rice Village and the Galleria, but La Cantera pretty much has them beat in my opinion...for the most part, a one stop shop!
<review# 784,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2010,11/3/2011,285,293,1,3,4>Fabulous dining experience! Used my Living Social coupon to get a great meal here. We didn't get a reservation, but we had no problem sitting at the full-service salad.I recommend the bar. The service was great and perfect.Started with the duck confit - delicious and salty. Moved on to entrees - I had the half order of bouillabaisse. I like that they offer half orders. Mine was delicious and had a generous portion of seafood for a half order. The dessert, a pumpkin cream cheese roulade, was AMAZING. It's served with Brindles ice cream. I love Brindles and love that they're offering local ice creams. One complaint - we were told there weren't any tables available for two and a half hours. We were there for two hours, and there was a table right behind us completely open the whole time. I know they're a busy restaurant, but that's kind of ridiculous.
<review# 785,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2011,11/2/2011,88,438,2,7,2>Dear men, please quit buying things off the rack and walking around in them. Yes, this means you. It's an economic fact that the best seamstresses gravitate towards the bridal business. You can make a lot more $$$ fitting a bridal party than you can hemming men's slacks. That's OK, everybody has to eat. For that reason, you should seek out the best bridal shop you can and see if they do men's alterations as well.My first time here I needed some adjustments to my tuxedo - great service and really professional. It was so good that I brought in five or six pairs of slacks for a variety of reasons (repairs, hemming, let out, pinched in, etc). In about a week I had them all back and looking better than ever. It can be a little costly to get the work done - about $20 per pair of pants, nearly $60 for the tux, but it's so worth it. This is going to be my tailor for as long as I'm in SA.
<review# 786,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2011,11/1/2011,34,173,2,5,2>Wow!  Restaurant quality comfort food, at an amazing price.The place's main drawback I assume is their location, as they're hidden in the back of the Bandera Trails (the one with the Gold's Gym) strip mall on the north side of the 1604/Bandera intersection.  By hidden I mean, behind the gym, the Blockbuster(they still exist!), and the Falcon Bank.Once we found the place, this was like a dream for my wife and myself.  A waiter opened the door for us before we even parked, and walked us through their menu of rotisserie chicken, pork, and caribbean small eats.Every meal comes with Cuban roasted refried black beans with just a bit of white cheese, similar to quesillo.  They reminded my wife of the anafre beans from her childhood Honduras, and they're cooked perfectly, not oily like *cough* Tex-mex refried beans, and not dry and cracking like some overcooked beans.  You know a place is amazing when the complimentary munchies are delicious before you even get to the ordered food.The rotisserie chicken is roasted like your basic rotisserie, and comes in three flavors -- Original, which should not be confused for ordinary, because the sauce is like a fantastic mix of pesto, cilantro, and a bunch of other rich flavors.- Jamaican Jerk, which despite their claims, is not really spicy, but sort of a sweet barbecue with a richer sauce, complex and terrific.- Honey Pineapple BBQ, which we have yet to try.The pork ribs are also cooked perfectly, so they pull right off the bone, and mixed with any of their three sauces.I also like their Cuban sandwich, which has a deep sweet mustard to go with ham, roasted pork, and cheese.The potato wedges are nicely spiced, but otherwise ordinary.  Slaw consists of slightly pickled shredded cucumbers.All in all, this place has the best roast chicken I've had in San Antonio. As it is, the place is just a casual comfortable restaurant, where you can order almost anything on the menu for $8, leave half your food, and still go home stuffed and satisfied.
<review# 787,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2011,10/31/2011,70,182,2,2,2>Great location, good food, awesome portions.Let's get this out of the way:  the "limit two" margaritas aren't nearly as strong as Canyon Cafe would like you to believe.  And they come in one of those stupid shakers so that whatever you don't have in your glass just gets more and more watered down. Chips are awesome.  Mix of three types, standard corn, sweet potato, puffed rice (with a touch of sweetness).  Salsa's good, but nothing to write my parole officer about.All the entrees are of ample size for sharing but typically oversalted.  Memorable mains include the applewood salmon (but a major offender on the "way too much sodium" list), the mango chicken thing, and whatever fish they have that day topped with shrimp.  The "grilled veggies" are typically tossed heavily in oil, but if asked ahead of time, they're always accommodating to back off.Drinks are good but not terribly potent (as mentioned above, but applies to all beverages).  Happy hour is "portion distortion" and not really any better value than anything else in the Quarry.And yes, the white chocolate and pecan "tamales" they bring with the tab are amazing.
<review# 788,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2011,10/30/2011,42,179,13,7,2>I can't help it:  Despite being a tad sore with the owner, I really like this place and can't resist the yummy-yum-yum goodness of VN Bistro.Although I have visited the restaurant before (when they were a part of a gas station), I did not fully appreciate VN Bistro until it moved locations.  Perhaps my appreciation is due to the new and greatly improved ambiance?  Perhaps I am just awed by their ability to break my association between Vietnamese food and Valero gasoline as quickly as they created it?  Or perhaps, I'm just thrilled to FINALLY have a decent, non-chain, non-Mexican-or-Fast Food restaurant within the immediate vicinity of my home?  It doesn't matter -- all I know is that my prayers for a tasty, healthier restaurant within a 2 minute drive from my home has FINALLY been answered!The restaurant itself is clean and attractive and would not be embarassing to bring a friend or date to.  It is open late (til 9 pm), conveniently accessible from the 1604 and Braun intersection (just cut through a parking lot), and very affordable.  During dinner time, complete dishes range from approx $5 - $10 with most selections being approximately $6.50.  However the best feature is the food which is not only yummy but better suited for the health or weight conscious person than most other nearby options. Although it is definitely NOT the best Vietnamese food I have ever tasted, it is probably one of the best in San Antonio.The owner is very friendly and personable.  He chatted with me during my 1st visit and recognized me (as well as tidbits from our conversation) by my second visit.  The rest of the staff is not as friendly, dedicated or enthusiastic.  Although not necessarily rude, the remaining staff generally seems oblivious and unconcerned.  if only they cared enough to say it, I could easily imagine each conversation with them ending with "Oh well".  Sadly, they don't care enough.WARNING: THE REMAINDER OF THIS REVIEW DESCRIBES AN EXPERIENCE AT THE RESTAURANT AND IS MOSTLY FOR ENTERTAINMENT ONLY.  STOP READING IF YOU ONLY WANT THE SUMMARY:As mentioned previously, I have one small, trivial gripe.  I was given the wrong order during one of my restaurant take-out visits and the owner reacted oddly.  I picked up the order shortly before close and didn't notice that the order was incorrect until I brought the food home, performed my nightly chores, changed to my night gown, and opened my takeout bag approx 13 minutes after their stated closing time. Not wanting to search for a phone number or drive back only to face the risk of noone being available, I decided to make do with what I was given.  Because the mistake was unintentional and the replacement food also tasted good, I was only slightly disappointed by the mix-up.  The next day, I went back to re-order my dish and satisfy my craving.  As I contemplated whether I should mention the mix-up, the owner, again, recognized me, stating "You were given the wrong dish yesterday."  Happy that he noticed, I immediately affirmed his statement with a "Yes."  "You should have came back." he said, "We made the dish for you and put it here for you but you did not come back."  So I explained that I did not realize the mistake until after closing time."You should have come back." He repeated, "We stay after close to do things here.  We thought you would come back and had the food ready for you"  He then asked if I enjoyed the dish that I took.   I responded that I did but would have preferred the dish that I ordered.  "But you enjoyed the lo-mein?" he asked again.Slightly put off by the lack of apology and subsequent implication that I somehow benefited from the error, I asked if he could charge me for the incorrect dish today (the $5.95 lo-mein) but give me the dish I originally ordered (the $6.95 chicken and egg roll rice dish that I paid for yesterday)"Don't worry," he said in response as he rung up my order for the $6.95 dish and a thai dessert) "we'll call it even."  But as the cash register rung up to $10.76, he realized that I was not seeking forgiveness but, instead, was asking for my dollar back:  "Oh . . . lo mein is $1 less.  You just pay me $10 and we call it even."  My head screamed "I should be forgiving the extra 32 cents that I paid yesterday, not YOU!  Why don't you get this?" (by the way, don't try to correct me on my calculation.  Due to the nature of my job, I have a tendency to automatically factor in tax ramifications and having my head scream "32 cents" to account for sales tax is a more accurate depiction than having it scream "24.").  I immediately contemplated boycotting VN Bistro,  It wasn't a matter of money.  It was a matter of principal!  But sadly, my lips longed for their next encounter with VN Bistro and betrayed my mind with simple whisper of "OK" as I sat down and waited for my order.
<review# 789,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2011,10/29/2011,168,80,3,6,6>Question: Could this tiny little shop be more blissful?!Answer: Absolutely positively not... it's perfection!This little treasure is off the beaten path and tucked away in Bracken Village.  It is hands down, my most favorite store in all of the San Antonio area... and I get around... in the shops that is!  It is filled to the brim with sassy jewelry, cute clothes, funky shoes, a whole wall of Vera Bradley, kitschy knick knacks, and tons of other nifty little items just dying to jump right in your shopping bag and make their way home with you!  My description really isn't doing it justice.  You just need to see it for yourself to truly understand that it's awesomeness knows no bounds!  The prices are reasonable on the jewelry, and right in line with what you would pay anywhere else on the designer items.  You could go and spend an hour looking every day for an entire week and still find things you missed when you go back the next time.  The inventory is rotated regularly so if you see something you like, snatch it up right then!  The shop is family owned and they're in the store working most days.  They're always willing to offer an opinion when asked, and never hesitate to recommend their favorite pieces.  Bottom line, the customer service is excellent!  They use Facebook to notify their loyal customers of sales or new inventory and that's pretty handy.  It may be a little out of the way, but it's worth the trip for sure!
<review# 790,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2011,10/28/2011,211,97,3,4,4>I, like nearly everyone in this city, have been hearing about this place non-stop for a while, especially since Man vs Food featured it on their show. A few friends and I finally decided to give it a shot to see what all the buzz was about.We found parking easily but wandered in to find a terrifyingly long line of people at the register. Luckily, the line moved quickly, as since most people order pizzas, each group ordered theirs and moved on as a bunch. After you order, you pay and are seated by a waitress.As we were led to our table, I couldn't do much but stare at all the tables we passed with my jaw dropped. The place was packed and there were SO MANY PIZZAS everywhere. Some of those pizzas were the gigantic 42" pizza for which Big Lou's is so famous. I was aghast at the sheer amount of pizza on one huge pizza plate... they seemed to be enjoying it, though.My table of four ordered a regular-person-sized pizza and some garlic-cheese bread sticks. The bread sticks were... amazing. So soft, so greasy, so cheesy. I ate WAY too many, so didn't get to eat the amount of pizza I would have liked, but the pizza that I DID manage to shove into my mouth was wonderful as well. The crust is great, the toppings were piled on, and the sauce and amount of cheese rounded out the pizza in a great way. Though I can't personally vouch for the 42" pizza, from what I saw it didn't seem like the best option there. It really is gigantic, so unless you have a large amount of people, it'll take forever to eat and get cold. Also, the pizza is still cut into giant triangular slices, so what you get is a nub of crust on the end and 41" of a long floppy pizza slice triangle. Now, that might be your thing - I'm not judging... it just seems like ordering it would lead to cold floppy pizza disappointment instead of gigantic fatness (which is my goal).The waitress we had was not the best. She was slow with refills and stopping by to check on us, and kinda seemed like she was a family friend rather than a waitress that had applied for a waitressing job. However, aside from taking a little longer to get refills, it was no big deal and wouldn't affect my wanting to return... and return I will, perhaps after a 3-day fast.
<review# 791,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2011,12/16/2011,43,53,1,3,2>I have been in San Antonio all of my life.  I visited Artisans Alley many years ago and ate at a little restaurant that has since moved to another location. It seemed like the place wasn't being taken care of back then.  I wanted to visit Bin 555 so I decided to go back to what is now known as The Shops at Artisans Alley.  Going back after all of these years was really cool.  The grounds are clean & well cared for.  The shops are unique and they have 2 restaurants.  I got a tour of the Pomegranite restaurant and found it to be very nice with lots of windows and a beautiful little private "party" room that will comfortably seat 10.  The menu has some great sandwiches, soups, & beautiful looking desserts.  I'm looking forward to going back & trying The Pomegranite. I had lunch at Bin 555 (tune in to their business for my review).  I went through the Garden Store.  It was really cute and, if I were into gardening, I could see myself spending a lot of money there.  I was ver excited to see that Shayne Sauce Foods has finally opened a store front and it is right across from the Pomegranite.  Having spent a lot of time in Fredricksburg because I love the shops and quaintness of the area, I would recommend The Shops at Artisans Alley to get a "quaintness" fix without the 1 1/4 hour drive.  Stroll the boardwalk and enjoy shops that include antiques, jewelry store with workshops, clothing, unique gifts from Mexico, garden store, and many, many more.
<review# 792,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2011,12/15/2011,109,306,,2,2>I really liked this place. It's only been open a few months but the staff was friendly and the place was nice. One half is a restaurant and a bar in the other. It seems to cater more to the older crowd but they have some AWESOME salsa music on Thursday nights. I actually ended up meeting the owners who seemed very friendly. They were just sitting at the bar enjoying the festivities. Can't quite give it 5 stars because I have not had the food yet but if it's as good as the service and atmosphere then I'm sure it rocks too.
<review# 793,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2011,12/14/2011,47,125,,3,2>After reading all the awesome reviews of this little coffee shop I knew I had to see for myself. Now I know it's just coffee but I love this place! The ambiance is so modern and laid back, yet quiet (a definite plus). I absolutely love the decor. The cubicle like seats in the corner offer a perfect working space.I think the foam art just tops off the amazing coffee. It's so creative and puts a smile on your face. Now don't walk in expecting a menu board like starbucks. You will notice the coffee options to be limited but they also offer smoothies along with other beverages. Their prices are lower than most coffee shops which is amazing they have managed to stay away from gouging prices on a simple cup of coffee. I absolutely love this place and will most definitely make an effort to visit them more frequently :)
<review# 794,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2011,12/13/2011,204,426,1,5,3>Hubby and I enjoyed a Friday night dinner here on a cool evening.  There was an occupied table on the patio and heaters and we thought about joining them, until Hubby noticed the stroller.  We sat inside instead and noticed while looking around that the stroller actually had a sweet little pug in it and not a potentially crying baby.  However I will note that this IS a great place to bring a baby.  Noted.We were sat and Hubby tasted two wines he was deciding between and settled on one.  The waiter was very sharp and it was nice of him to bring both of the wine choices by the table.The Roasted Poblano Quesadillas were an awesome starter.  They were hot and flaky, smoky with poblano and comforting with yummy melted cheese.For our entrees, we each enjoyed the Southwestern Salad with romaine, black beans, tomato, red onion, avocado, corn, monterrey jack cheese, tortilla strips, and a cilantro lime dressing.  This salad is fantastic both in taste and serving size!Picnikins really impressed, the service left nothing to be desired, the food was fresh and flavorful, the atmosphere was smart and stylish and while somewhat quiet on the evening we went, there was a friendly dinner crowd.  Overall, Picnikins is a great addition to the area and while it does not signal 'San Antonio' to me at all I for one am sure glad it's here.
<review# 795,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2011,12/12/2011,133,93,,5,2>Stopped in here tonight on a whim, great little pizza place.  Stout's is owned by the same people as GAme Town pizza and they refer to this location as their 'grown up' restaurant.  For only being open for four days it was fabulous!  The food spoke for itself - very good!  The service will get better, as well as the atmosphere and I look forward to coming back closer to the grand opening which will happen in December.  Stout's support local Texas wineries and breweries as well.  On Thursdays they have a special, $21 for a large pizza and a bottle of wine.  And they will cork the wine so that you can take it home if you don't finish it there.
<review# 796,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2011,12/11/2011,85,159,1,2,3>Nicavid's had me at 'house-baked beer bread'. I have had a great experience on both my visits. On my first visit, I got the Hawaiian Hula (ham, fresh pineapple, Swiss cheese, shallots, lettuce, and honey balsamic vinaigrette on toasted honey wheat bread) and got the David on my second (roast beef, salami, Swiss cheese, roasted bell peppers, lettuce, shallots, and honey balsamic vinaigrette on toasted beer bread). Both sandwiches were awesome. The Hawaiian Hula was not as sweet as I had expected; all of the flavors played in harmoniously. The David was very different from the Hawaiian, but equally delicious. Savory roast beef and salami with the honey balsamic make for an addictive combination. Their breads are my favorite part of the sandwich: fresh and airy with a touch of sweetness. Yum! The carrot ginger soup as well as their mixed green salad (with kalamata olives and sauteed onions- two things I love dearly) with Italian red wine vinaigrette are excellent as well. The employees are super cool (Hi Derek!) and will lead you in the right direction- although I doubt there is a wrong direction in this place. Nicavid's also offers lunch specials were you can get several combos depending on your hunger. The prices are good, the portions are ideal, and the satisfaction is definitely guaranteed. Keep in mind that the place is being remodeled so it does not look great, but definitely clean. Also, their hours are limited: Monday through Friday from 7am to 2pm and closed on the weekends.
<review# 797,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2011,12/10/2011,108,275,2,2,2>So glad this is close to where I work.  Have been here at least three times before but just haven't had a chance to review.....absolutely LOVE the Beetroot salad!  I dream about this.....blue cheese crumbles, pistachios, sherry vinaigrette ..... Oh so delicious!  Pair this with half a sandwich and my lunch is perfect!  I have also tried the soup special on different days and have not been disappointed.  Love coming here for a healthy meal alternative to fast food.
<review# 798,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2011,12/9/2011,23,109,2,2,1>The first time I was at Esquire, years ago, it was a divey hole in the wall which I tracked down based on a GQ recommendation.  I realized two things:  One, it was a legitimate, hair-on-your-chest dive bar, and two, I am not a man (despite loving my GQ magazines), so I had a drink and went home.  I love the new(er) Esquire because they've kept it a little gritty around the edges (dark, narrow space) but also classed it up (wall paper, pressed tin ceiling); it feels like what I imagine it originally felt like when it opened post-Prohibition.  It also serves legitimate food now.  Our group found the fancified bar food pretty yummy (the fried pickles and fish sandwich were especially satisfying) and shockingly cheap for river walk fare.  However, it's time to stop talking about Esquire like it is a restaurant, and talk about what it really is:  A delicious drink-making factory.  Between the table we probably went through about 10 different types of drinks, and there wasn't one that wasn't enjoyed and finished.  The dark and stormy, with house-made ginger beer, was especially delicious, and the Pimms Cup also received many compliments.  The drinks are mostly 20s/30s style, with plenty of egg whites, lemon, falernum, and honey syrup to go-round.  Highly recommend Esquire Tavern.  Highly, highly recommend making a dinner reservation so you can eat and drink in leisure, without any waiting at the bar.
<review# 799,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2011,12/8/2011,34,64,2,2,3>So I'm surprised my last review of this place got ROTD for today considering its about 6 months old at this point. That said, I actually stopped in today on my way back from the farmers market.So whats changed since my first review:Coffee and Tea: They've got a larger selection of beans and loose teas. I think most of their beans come from Counter Culture over in Durham, NC. While I'd like to see a local roaster there instead, the quality is still pretty good.Breads: The selection is dwindling! I suppose that the competition from vendors at the farmers market doesn't help, but when I was there, they only had 4 or 5 selections on display. I guess they are working on refining their selections.Pastries: The selection is still good as ever, but I've noticed that the larger versions of the cakes are gone. Maybe there just wasn't a demand.Drinks: Their agua frescas are amazing for the summer. Grab one and hit the farmers market if you are there on a Saturday.
<review# 800,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2011,12/7/2011,84,393,1,7,3>I want to leave a review for the Brackenridge Park Parking garage because I think a lot of people visiting this area forget about it.  It's not uncommon to see people running across Broadway with their children, since the parking lot at the Witte is often full.  The Brackenridge Park Parking garage was a six million dollar project funded by the city of SA.  This parking garage has the coolest architecture I have seen of any garage.  It blends in with the trees, and has three cool looking silos in the front.  The best part: it's FREE.  You can park here and you are right next door to the Witte, or you can take the park train to the zoo or the tea gardens.  If you have seen the crazy zoo parking, then make a detour over here.  The kids will have fun riding the train, you won't have to fight for your parking space, and you will get to utilize some of the $6 mil that our city dropped on this.
<review# 801,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2011,2/25/2012,51,79,1,7,2>Been coming here for a while for my fill of Korean of food.  In San Antonio, I'm only aware of Kiku and Il Song Garden.  For those in the med center area, it's a little bit of a drive, but it can handle large groups and has lots of yummy korean dish choices.Food: I never leave hungry when I eat here.  The Korean food is good and there are options for vegetarians and meat-lovers alike.  For me, I usually get their tofu soup (song du boo) and it has great seafood in it.  There are the usual small side dishes that are refillable, and there's quite a bit of variety.  If you want to get marinated meat, you have the option of having them cook it in the kitchen or at your table (where you can do it yourself).  Not in the mood for Korean?  There's also sushi available.  Service: The wait staff is nice, but sloooow.  This is rather apparent when it's dinner time, so if you go, I suggest going for lunch or at an off hour (aim for right before the usual dinner hour of 6).  If you have time to chat with your friends and hang out, then this is the place to be, but if you need to have a snappy meal, I suggest finding a different venue.Ambiance:  It's clean and well-lit.  There are TV's if you decide to go alone and want to enjoy a good meal to yourself.  They have a nice little koi pond that's fun to look at.  I like that there is a light house attached to the roof - adds a little goofiness.Pricing: More on the pricier side, but you get what you pay for.I keep on coming back to Kiku because despite it's slow service.  I suppose that speaks to the quality of their food!
<review# 802,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2011,2/24/2012,45,159,2,3,2>The following conversation took place at Cerroni's a few weeks ago, with a coworker:Me: So, what are you getting?Co-worker: Probably the salad and a slice, what about you?Me: Probably the sam...looks around and spots a giant lasagna at the pass, behind the register...HOLY CRAP! What's that?! Yeah, I'll be getting the lasagna.This lasagna was one of the best I've ever had: melted cheese and meat in every bite, with just enough sauce to tie it all together but without it being sloppy.We were here for lunch and a manager came over twice to ensure we were happy with what we got. My only gripe is the parking, which is kind of odd because they have a couple of spots on the side/front and everything else is out back but I'm really nitpicking at this point.
<review# 803,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2011,2/23/2012,32,166,1,5,2>Come on out to the Far West side to Romo's, a few doors down from Tacos Y Burritos Metro Basilica 2, another remarkable restaurant in this area!  My husband and I had lunch here today, and I was so pleased to see that the dining room was bustling in this off-the-beaten-path gem; most of the patrons were taking advantage of Romo's Restaurant Week 3-course lunch menu.  We opted to share a few items, starting with the duckodent fries, which were densely flavored and peppery.  I liked them even better than the truffle fries that I thoroughly enjoyed on my last trip.  Both the shrimp po boy and the Philly were excellent sandwiches.  The bread was just awesome, the tender steak was well seasoned, the shrimp were huge and panko-crunchy, and the chipotle mayo was a spicy standout.  We were too full for dessert, but we will be back soon.  Nice atmosphere, courteous waitstaff, and perfect portion sizes make this place a five-star in my book.
<review# 804,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2011,2/22/2012,53,201,1,11,7>I had the California Wet Burrito! It was awesome! It's just a burrito on a plate with a side of guacamole and a side of sour cream, But it was a full meal wrapped in a tortilla! I also tried the fish tacos! they where pretty good, a little better once I added some of the guacamole in there!! This is not a TexMex joint. This is for real MEXICAN!!! Everything tasted really fresh, and they have a patio for out door dining, I really hope this place does well, because I've been wishing for a new non chain restaurant north of 1604 off 281 for months!!  The food is new and exciting. I can't wait to try more of the menu. I will be back soon!
<review# 805,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2011,2/21/2012,117,187,9,10,6>Vietnamese restaurants in San Antonio are hard to come by, let alone good ones.  We'd been to this place when it first opened under the old owner, but for some reason the chef had gone MIA before we were even seated.  Not discouraged by our first experience with this place, my wife and I tried this place again when we heard ownership (or at least management) had changed.The pho (Vietnamese soup) is tasty, the vermicelli bowls are is good, the bánh mi (or sometimes called bun mi) sandwiches are spectacular (easily the best in town IMHO), and the combination fried rice is one of the few, if not the only, places I know of in town that actually uses Chinese sausage in the recipe (thank you!).  I hope this place lasts longer under the new owner/management than it did under the original.  This place is easily one of the best and most authentic places in San Antonio for Vietnamese and one of the tastiest pace in general in north San Antonio.The Good :+ good food (HUZZAH! real chinese sausage in the combi fried rice and excellent bánh mi sandwiches)+ decent pricing (pho and vermicelli bowls may be a little pricier versus other places in town; but the banh mi prices are really fair for what you get)+ A tasty & adventurous alternative to the normal bland/boring/unhealthy eateries in far north San Antonio.+ plenty of seatingThe not-so-good :- this place can be a bit challenging to find for those who are unfamiliar with this area of town or layout of the new shopping area (across the parking lot from Dickey's BBQ Pit (which is not very good IMHO)).- they need more advertising...I'd hate to see a place so good (and so close to my house) go under b/c people don't know about it (hopefully this yelp will help)- restroom needs more/better lighting (dark is classy, but not practical in the restroom)- some dishes may be too adventurous for the "P.F. Chang's" demographic- some prep times seem disproportionate to the dish~~~ Matt's Nonthreatening Tips for Whitey* ~~~1. Pho is pronounced "fuh", not "foe" - like "fun" minus the "n"2. Pho (properly prepared) is delicious and pwns chicken noodle soup in cases of upper respiratory and throat ailments, congestion, colds, and cold weather.3. Vermicelli bowls are ideal for warmer weather, as the noodles and vegetables are served cold(ish).4. Nuoc mam (or fish sauce), in spite of it's translation, does not taste like fish.  It is excellent in vermicelli bowls, rice plates, and used to dip Vietnamese eggrolls in (so live a little).5. Sriracha (properly pronounced SIR-rotch-ah) sauce is a type of chili sauce, NOT a brand name.  The bottle with the rooster just happens to be the most prevalent brand called 'Tuong Ot Sriracha' (like Heinz to ketchup and French's to mustard).  This sauce goes well in almost everything; especially pho & vermicelli bowls (be mindful not to "oversauce" and avoid rubbing your eyes or handling your "wedding bits" if you touch the sauce with your hands).  The other names you may have for it are not clever, original or fresh, just juvenile.*DISCLAIMER: Matt is half-whitey and half-Vietnamese and is not clever, original or fresh, just juvenile.
<review# 806,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2011,2/20/2012,88,178,4,5,4>If I could give this place 10 stars I would. I take my husky Toby here every few months, and although he hates it, I love it. I can take as long as I want at any one of the bathing stations and it only costs me $14 (according to weight)! Given that taking my dog to a groomers just to be bathed and dried costs easily $55+ this place is ideal for cost conscious pet owners. I easily spend an hour or so here cleaning my dog with the provided deshedding tools, clipping his toenails, washing/conditioning, and blowing out his undercoat. The staff is wonderful and Melissa the owner is always warm and courteous and willing to lend a hand if you need a little extra help. Not to be forgotten is the location. Nestled among quite little shops and eateries on N. Main the inside of the shop is pop modern with stylish twists (totally up my alley) this place has it all!
<review# 807,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2011,2/19/2012,78,151,2,7,2>This place is great! Friendly staff, great products! I love it!I'm SHOCKED that I haven't written a review for A.R.T. yet! I've been going here for over a year! Stephanie is the best! I go to her for waxes and facials all the time! She's so very nice! Veronica does my pedicures and she's great, too! She always says hi to me, even if I'm not there for a pedi. The girls at the front desk are always very courteous and knowledgeable. A couple months ago I needed a donation for a silent auction and they were more than happy to oblige! I've never waited very long for service. It's always a joy to visit this spa! I only wish they did hair!They've had a couple Groupon offers and what they call an "ARTpon" which was only available to e-mail subscribers (they only send one e-mail a month at most, I'm sure). I almost always snag a Groupon or package deal when they become available!
<review# 808,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2011,2/18/2012,25,23,3,5,4>Aspen's Brew previously known as The Grind is a great way to kick off the morning. Huebner Road is not the calmest of roads in the early hours of the day. Stress, horns, and lights invade your consciousness which will leave you jittery and nervous. But when you walk through the tinted glass doors of Aspen's Brew dim lights relax all your tension. Coffee aroma flies through the air like beautiful spring butterflies. Big grandfather chairs are scattered about the cinnamon colored floor. Couches line the walls and little pine tables stand at attention. Chocolate colored walls turn to aluminum shelving different coffee machines, mugs, and coffee beans.  Desserts glisten from a lit up display case begging you to take a taster. Warm conversations of regular coffee drinkers sprinkle through the coffeehouse music. Crinkling sounds of local newspapers and tapping of the fingers on a keyboard chime away. The ambience within these walls can be found no where else. Vanilla Nut Brewed coffee is tickling my taste buds this morning. There are so many flavors and choices of coffee, breakfast, and lunch on the blue menu dangling above the register. If you need a quiet place to study, blog, work, or just enjoy a solitary cup of warm delicious coffee Aspen's Brewed Coffee is the place to be. Come by and see for yourself you will not be sorry. I am sorry to Starbucks although I am a Starbucks lover it simply can not measure up.
<review# 809,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2011,2/17/2012,18,125,1,11,4>In my opinion, literally the only decent, non-Dim Sum AUTHENTIC Chinese place in San Antonio.  We have been there three times already and have been pleasantly surprised every time with the authentic Chinese food.  Some of the cold appetizers are only so-so and some items are a little salty but the menu is a dream come true for good Chinese-starved S.A.  I would recommend the following: both the Chengdu and Sichuan style dumplings, Chong Qin Crispy Spicy Chicken, the Sauteed String Beans, the Dan Dan Noodles, and just about anything from the "House Special" section of the menu.Service is also super nice and the quantity of Mandarin-speaking diners in there at pretty much all times speaks to its authenticity and quality.
<review# 810,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2011,2/16/2012,23,140,1,2,2>Well I have been putting it off for a while but here is my review for Wurzbach Ice House! I like this bar alot. It is big, there are always a good amount of people there where it isn't too packed. This is the only bar I know of that has a ping pong table! There are also three dart boards and two pool tables. The drinks are pretty cheap and they usually have a decent happy hour. One thing that makes this bar just a little different than most is all of the windows. You almost have a 360 degree view of everything outside because of the amount of windows. This bar is a must stop if you are out having some drinks!
<review# 811,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2011,3/28/2012,34,101,2,7,5>I had a killer craving for brisket and I googled and yelped for an hour till I decided on this place. I went once and ordered two sandwhiches, I was pleased. The next week my friend from California was visiting and wanted to try some real Southern food that they didnt have in LOS ANGELEES. So I took him here. We ended up going 4 times during the week. I havent tried any other bbq places in San Antonio, but I really like this one.
<review# 812,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2011,3/27/2012,12,31,5,4,3>I'm usually not ever near places like these, and by these kinda places I include hooters, bikini's etc...anywhoo I've been here three times and all three times I've had the Fajita torta, under sandwiches. It's delicious and greasy in a good way and for the price its def worth it. Don't care too much for the servers, it's borderline umm very young looking and there is a whole lot of male patrons. You can make your own decisions, but I really like the torta and like frequenting this place once a month or so.Haven't had the other food, but seriously the torta is the best! fajita!
<review# 813,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2011,3/26/2012,150,84,2,1,2>This place has become a lunch staple for me.  I use to only go here for breakfast, but their lunch specials are as good as their breakfast tacos.I've had the steak ranchera, pork tips, and just about every other special they have.  They're all good and are priced from $5.99 - $7.99 and include tea.  The flavor of the steak ranchera is awesome, but the cut of steak is mediocre at best.  Of course, for less than $8, what can you expect in a steak.  The cut is known as a 7-steak.  It reminds me of a poor man's T-bone.  It's got good flavor and is a good size especially for the price.One last thing: the chips are probably the best you can ever get! Incredible!
<review# 814,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2011,3/25/2012,838,696,3,2,3>Right across from the Greek Orthodox Church, this place is totally legit. I  would climb Mount Olympus for their gyros. Demo's is the Zeus of the SA gyro scene! Demo's is fast- they can crank the dishes out when this place is packed with the lunch crowd. Their taziki sauce is wonderful. I've gotten the salads a few time too- which were huge and delicious! It's a spacious dining area- and it is so beautifully decorated! The giant dolphins in the floor are awesome. The 2nd floor offers intimate dining. They have unlimited soda refills. I always have liked their after dinner mints! Theirs are extra delicious.  The place has always been clean every time I've been. Always a great experience. Parking can be difficult. Their lot always makes me nervous.
<review# 815,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2012,3/24/2012,46,93,,3,4>Man, I hope this place survives.There's so much to love about Grassroots Coffee (as I recently found out) but will it stand the test of time? Read on...First the upsides:- Coffee.  (Duh).  This places serves up a fantastic cup - bold, robust and good to the last drop, to steal the Maxwell House line.  Affordable, too!  About $2 for a regular coffee.  And there are many, many drink selections and specialties.- Location. Grassroots is close enough to the Quarry and Broadway, yet off the beaten path on W. Sunset.  The shop is connected to some furniture store with uppity old ladies.  Just so ya know...- Seating.  Much of the furniture inside the coffee shop is for sale (I think), and it's really, really comfortable.  Bar stools, leather club chairs, and round tables for groups.  Oh, and there's a side "terrace" with lounging chairs and big umbrellas.  Kind of awkward with it being surrounded by concrete, but nice nonetheless.The only downside is I heard the baristas stressing and worrying about not getting enough business.  Don't know how long Grassroots has been around, but it was typical entrepreneur stuff like location, limited hours because of the adjoined furniture store, selling coffee during the summer, the fact that it's OFF the beaten path, like I said earlier, yada yada yada.So do the world a favor, and stop by Grassroots.  Let your taste buds experience a real cup of outstanding coffee.  Bring a friend.  Leave a tip.Perhaps the only reason I don't come here more often is the fact that Grassroots is about 20 minutes from my home.  Don't know if they have restrooms.
<review# 816,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2011,3/23/2012,194,166,3,4,2>"Girl I'll house you. Girl I'll house you. You're in my hut now."This was the subliminal message calling to me when I randomly stopped by a taco truck off St. Mary's on my way home from a club. I wanted enchiladas and grooved to the background house music across the way. Alas, I didn't have enough cash on me when it was time for me to order. After politely declining a taco offer from a few drunk college boys, the house music playing across the way kept calling me.Slightly defeated from not getting my late night snack, I decided to go check out where the music was coming from and entered a converted house/patio club type of joint. It was a total chill spot with a couple DJ's playing soulful house music and several hipsters hanging out. I was only there long enough to order one drink and get hit on by a guy named Ruben who kept trying to analyze me ("I'm a psych major and you intrigue me") before it was closing time. It was enough time to let me know that this spot is my type of scene (despite my new stalker). I'll definitely come to this 'hut' again.
<review# 817,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2011,3/22/2012,94,341,4,4,2>The neon signs on the outside boast whiskey and steaks. The steak was decent. The whiskey collection was average.BUT, this place is cool and way funky. It sits in the midst of more high falutin places like Sandbar and Il Sogno but holds its own with its charm and good eats. Uneven wooden floors, rickety tables, friendly staff and good home cooking.  The onion rings are some of the best I've had in a long time.  The food was a little under salted for my taste but I'd rather have that than the other side of the coin. Of course, I've been known to salt a bacon cheeseburger so I don't know if I'm the best judge of appropriate saltiness. We just missed happy hour but they had domestic beers for 2 bucks a pop. I will be going back to try the catfish.
<review# 818,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2011,3/21/2012,190,445,7,4,3>ok.. so  I read the reviews and Neely seemed to be the go to girl. So about a month ago I went for an underarm wax to gage my comfort level since i planned to go back for a Brazilian. You want to trust the person messing with your hooha, which should be rule of thumb ladies.. lolNeely was awesome. I liked the fact she wasn't a 20 something sorority girl. She's older, funny and puts you at ease. So I decided to go back. When i went back it was during their "Happy Hour" meaning Happy Hour prices AND you can have a drink from their bar..yes I'm serious.. which will calm you if you've never had a Brazilian or haven't had one in awhile. Once you're done, there is a "Wall of Pain" you can write on..to commemorate the experience..awesome.P.S. They also have a frequent waxer card and a 2nd location that offers up a free thong with your brazilian in lieu of offering a "Happy Hour"
<review# 819,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2012,3/20/2012,1439,1280,5,9,8>I remember when this used to be a Mexican restaurant and when it changed to an Indian restaurant, I somewhat wondered how it would work with another Indian restaurant close by.  As time passed, I had heard a lot of great things about Bombay Hall and I knew I had to try for myself.I finally came in and was impressed with just how fresh and how good the food was - especially coming in about thirty minutes AFTER a lunch hour rush.  The employees were friendly and as Daniel L. mentioned, very attentive.  The samosas were delicious, the tikka masala was oh-so-yummy, the naan was hot & tasty, and the mango custard & gulab jamun were the best items to top it all off.  A happy diner was I!The price was good too - about 22 bucks for 2 people and 2 teas.  :)::: (\_(\*: (=' :') :**.. (,(")(")°..*`»
<review# 820,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2011,3/18/2012,24,81,2,2,2>Sure, the exhibits don't change and it's $7 a person, but the kids LOVE it!  They have all kinds of fun, interactive activities for the kids that never get old (at least to the kids).  As an adult, you might get bored of the exhibits after an hour of visiting, but this isn't for the adults, it's for the children!  They have plenty of things to keep your child busy, such as the bubbles, the airplane and of course, my nieces' and nephews' favorites - the floating rubber balls and the grocery store downstairs.  I have taken my nieces and nephews here on plenty of occasions and they just can't get enough.  In my opinion, this is one of the best places to spend a hot summer afternoon with a child.
<review# 821,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2014,7/29/2014,175,175,1,7,5>Let's get straight to the point here: This is the perfect spot to study, but under few circumstances. 1. You must be able to tolerate some chatters. It's usually pretty quiet and you'll have the background music playing (usually oldies or modern rock), but everyday between the times 10am - 1pm, there's a crowd. But no worries, I always come up with solutions. Earphones and Pandora. Get you some. 2. Be an early bird. They close at 6pm everyday, and at 3pm on Sundays. So if you're one of those people that likes to sleep in and begin studying in the afternoon, you should probably go to Local Coffee or something. You're gonna get kicked out.3. Cubicles. There are 4 in the back. Come early and grab one-- it's THE spot to study. Comfortable chairs, power outlets behind the desk, SPACIOUS desk. I need all of my study materials laid out a certain way before I can begin studying. It's not OCD, go away. Just kidding, keep reading.4. The coffee is average. I would actually suggest Local Coffee if you've come for GOOD coffee. Olmos' Chai Latte, on the other hand, is delicious. My go-to drink is in-house Dirty Tiger Chai (2 shots). 5. Military discount! And a pretty good one, at that. Don't remember the exact percentage. 6. Get the Olmos balance card if you're a frequent visitor. You just might get a free drink one day! Okay, so it kind of veered into random tips after #4, but you get the gist. To sum it up- come here to study, grab a cubicle, and order a Chai Latte.
<review# 822,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2014,7/28/2014,60,127,10,13,11>** Warning**It's likely that you will get lost in this little bitty park (please refer to the the yin/yang trail signs).  You may also twist your ankle while running and jamming to Rick Ross' Maybach Music because the 'paved' trails haven't been paved since Rick was in prison (please refer to VH1's Behind the Music for further information on that). Other than those two things, this park is swell. The meandering tree lined trails curve around the central hill. There are gentle, and some steep, inclines to challenge those leg muscles because if you're going to eat the tamales and poboys, you have to be willing to jog uphill every once in a while. Maybe that's what the yin yang signs are about....balance...The view from the top of the hillis great and must be even better near sunset. Challenge yourself by sprinting up the rocky, unpaved slope of the hill and feel the burn!
<review# 823,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2014,7/27/2014,139,197,11,12,7>Thank heavens there is a good spot you can trust for a Brazilian wax in this city. I miss my girl in Vegas every day, but Wax Bar has come to my rescue. I saw Lorraine, and she's phenomenal. Friendly, interesting, talkative, sweet, and very good at what she does. The employees appear to know it all about waxing, and that, my friends, is very reassuring. Maybe I've been doing this for too long, but Lorraine didn't even cause me to flinch. Small strips, very quick, very careful, and precise. Prefer a design? They'll do it. I'll be back for Brazilian and brows in the future! And sorry y'all, no photos for this review ;-)
<review# 824,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2014,7/26/2014,5,53,4,12,7>At long last!It's been quite a wait for us seeing as we missed their "farewell pop-up appearances" at the Monty. While it was comforting to see some old HJ standards on their menu, Chef Quealey has branched out in several directions, including our first encounter with Indian cuisine outside of their traditional venues.Our favorites tonight were the tater tots, black curry, and salt cod dumplings. Dashi ramen, lamb noodles and springrolls  also great. The family wine geek salivated over the awesome list of Rieslings, even though I told her the wine budget had an upper limit this evening. There's also a great cocktail menu that we look forward to exploring next time.It was nice seeing a lot of familiar faces from Monty and Barbaro, even though our server was new to us, she definitely was very well versed on the menu selections. the building re-do is almost worth a visit on it's own. Great job all around!!
<review# 825,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2014,7/25/2014,77,365,6,5,5>SOLD.I am absolutely in love with their pulled pork sandwiches. We ordered our food "to-go" and it came with two containers of the pulled pork and half a loaf of Texas Toast. It was kinda weird to see just a random loaf of bread, but I'm sure as heck glad they put it there. I'm just glad I didn't have to eat pulled pork on my crappy wheat bread at home. My favorite part is the spicy kick the pulled pork has, as well as the barbeque sauce. It was just the right amount of spicy. Delicious and made for excellent leftovers the day after. The ribs were also spicy and tender. I could absolutely tell that they had been left to marinate in some delicious spices and rubs. I love that all of my food at Rudy's had a tiny bit of a spicy kick. Even if you don't like spicy food, you'll like this. For real.I was not a fan of the creamed corn. My husband devoured it like it was the last batch of corn the world will ever offer. I just didn't like the sweet cream mixture. It was a total preference though, as everybody else in the house loved it.Excellent potato salad with just the right amount of mustard. I'm not a mustard fan and this was perfect. Actually, I'm not even a potato salad fan and I had two servings of this with my pulled pork sandwiches. Now the best part....the peach cobbler. What in the hell are those chefs doing back there? Amazing. That's all I'll say about that. Get the peach cobbler. Don't look back.We'll be back. Other than Soulman's in Van, Texas...Rudy's is my new favorite.
<review# 826,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2014,7/24/2014,211,179,2,6,7>Absolutely loved this place.  Situated in the middle of a strip mall with a Whataburger to one end and Papa Johns to the other, I'd passed this place numerous times and always wanted to give it a shot.  I am so glad I did! The staff here was excellent.  When placing my order she was able to provide me with insight (and warning) as to what was in each taco and how spicy it can get.  I settled on two papa al la Mexicana and one papa ranchera.  The tacos were HUGE.  Anyone who knows me, knows I can throw down w/ some breakfast tacos, but I couldn't finish all three.  The green salsa they have was amazing.  I covered those tacos and went to taco town!  But be careful-that stuff packs some bite!  I was just about sweating, but it was so good, I didn't care.  Needless to say, they will be seeing my face back again.  Big delicious tacos, friendly and knowledgeable staff.  Yeah-they won themselves a regular.
<review# 827,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2014,7/23/2014,29,89,4,8,7>i've been in San Antonio for a year now, and every Chinese restaurant I've been to taste like crap. Literally, it's all expensive nasty crap, but Kim Wah restored my faith that decent Chinese food can be found in this town!Ordered some items off the "authentic Chinese menu" and it was pretty freakin good. Got the BBQ pork, bokchoy, and the sweet and sour shrimp? BBQ was the most on point thing I've tried. Taste exactly like BBQ pork we have back in Dallas. Bokchoy was a little oily, but that's how most asian places make it anyways, and the sweet and shrimp was freaking amazing! They didn't cheap out on the shrimp either! Huge shrimp!! Love this place and will come back because yo, it's better than most of the other asian restaurants around.
<review# 828,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2014,7/22/2014,109,104,3,4,4>I have been waiting to give my review for awhile now and have waited partly because I have a love/hate relationship with this establishment. I hate it when I go and I am working out and then I love it when it's over! It was hard for me to find at first but if u remember "ramp" you will eventually find the basement where the action happens. The workouts are only 30 minutes so if you are in shape this could possibly be your warm-up, even though it may not feel like it at the time. I'm just saying that if you are in shape you should probably be doing more than three 30 minute sessions a week ( come on Kara (me) get busy!). If you are just getting back into working out then this is perfect because even though, while in the moment, you think you might die, it really is only 30 minutes and it will be over soon enough. One positive change I have noticed is the fact that I am STRONGER! When I was unable to lift my body into a push-up from my knees on the ground, I am now able to do quite a few "real push-ups!"  Also as stated below Jonathan is a really sweet instructor. I even wish he was more hard on us, at times, but do not tell him! #workit
<review# 829,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/1/2014,7/21/2014,94,80,1,6,5>We recently adopted/rescued a 6 month old lab from the Bulverde Shelter.  One of my dear friends recognized my complete ignorance on the subject of fur babies and set her (the puppy) up with fabulous peanut butter treats from Woof Gang. So sweet! Boy oh boy is this puppy a happy girl! I finally made my way down to Woof Gang (its a bit out of my normal ' hood) and sure wish I had stopped by sooner.  No need to get treats anywhere else! They have a wonderful selection of 'clean' treats for your pup in a large variety of flavors... the standard peanut butter, apple, etc but, also some really unique ones like the Pumpkin Spice Hearts my doggie is now loving!  The selection includes softies and crunchies as well as 7 oz and 10 oz bags. We will be heading over here for a special 'iced' treat when it's time for her birthday treat.  The store is so cute with a variety of packaged dog foods (they even carry large 35 lb bags) and accessories. Toys range from the indestructible to plush with lots of varieties in between!The service was outstanding and they have a customer loyalty program that earns you a point for every $10 with a reward coming at 20 points. Bonus: Pooches were everywhere (bring yours!) and they have a 'spa' where grooming is done.
<review# 830,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2014,7/20/2014,65,131,,5,4>I really really enjoyed my meal here. Our waitress was fantastic. Sadly I don't remember what my dish was called. Chicken, bacon, tomatoes. Um it was fabulous. The macaroni was cheesy and creamy. Red cabbage is tangy and crisp. I wish I could have tried more. The fried mushrooms are portabellas. And the bread they serve oh I really want to get back here and soon!
<review# 831,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2012,7/30/2012,16,102,2,4,2>A coworker suggested we try this place. Having been terribly disappointed at most Schertz restaurants, I was reluctant. But we gave it a try tonight. And damn, it was good!I started with a pura vida gave mergarita. Skip the 1800 top shelf and go straight for this one; I had to fight my wife to keep her from drinking mine.Then we started trying to decide on dinner. Macaroni and cheese made with gruyere and cheddar - and bacon? Deep-fried black-eye peas? Sweet potato pulled pork tamale? And we were still on sides and apps.We ended up trying the mac and cheese, "It's the Primal Stoopid" grilled cheese, and the Selma Speed Trap burger with garlic aoli ad o-ring garnish added.The burger was excellent, but the Primal Stoopid was incredible - grilled cheese covered with bacon and ham, 2 eggs, and a fantastic beer cheese sauce. And I would come back just for the mac and cheese.Service was excellent. Sierra was our waitress. To be honest, I wasn't expecting great service from a young girl with a nose-ring but she was friendly, attentive, and very helpful.They play metal and old rock music, but almost too quietly. The rock-n-roll decor is understated but sets a good mood for a fun meal.CBQ is definitely a casual place; I won't be taking the wife here for a romantic dinner. But for a weeknight burger this close to home, I will definitely be back.We've been back several times since I first wrote this review (posted on another site) and have yet to be disappointed. Some things were so-so (deep-fried black eye peas) and others were far better than we expected (the pulled port tamale and the blue cheese bbq chips - a great take on nachos). They also have a decent selection of local and craft beer on hand.
<review# 832,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2011,7/29/2012,7,205,,1,1>A nice startup restaurant owned and operated by talented young chef, Lynn Oefinger in an historic building that used to be home to La Normandie restauarant.  After La Normandie, Ms. Oefinger has some big shoes to fill, and she's off to a great start!Dinner started with wine, followed by a delicious house salad that was perfect in size, presentation and taste.  I ordinarily don't like sweet/sweetish dressings, but the house dressing was very nice.  The two dinner rolls were piping hot and very good.  I might suggest that the butter served with the rolls be either whipped butter in a dish or individual pats of butter on a plate (the ones that come on little cardboard squares), as opposed to foil-wrapped cubes. My friend ordered the cranberry glazed chicken breast, which came with asparagus and sweet potato mash.  The chicken was perfectly done, and with the cranberry glaze - perfect.  The asparagus was very good, but a bit overcooked.  The sweet potato mash was delicious!  The combination of aromatic spices was perfect.  Though their presentation on the plate could have been better, their deliciousness was absolute. The fact that they weren't liquefied into baby food was a nice plus.  The small chunks of unmashed sweet potato were very welcome.I had the grilled tenderloin.  This simple plate came with green onion/garlic roasted potatoes and broccolini.  I ordered this generous portion of beef medium rare.  It came to the table medium, which isn't a show-stopper for me.  The tenderloin was unremarkable.  It was unseasoned, but a little salt & pepper helped.  Additionally, it didn't have the melt-in-your-mouth characteristic one expects from tenderloin.  I'm no expert on beef, but I do know perfect tenderloin when I taste it.  This piece of beef was tender, but seemed a little wettish/dry, like it had been immersed in or injected with water by the seller.  I've purchased nice cuts of beef from a local meat market here in Castroville that had the same unappealing trait.  I don't buy beef there anymore.  Adding a light herbal seasoning to the tenderloin is humbly suggested, as is a quality control check on the beef.  Hopefully this was just a fluke.  The roasted potatoes were spot-on.  They were cooked and seasoned perfectly.  Lightly crisp, fully cooked, yet still wonderfully firm.  The broccolini was similarly delicious and perfectly cooked!We took our dessert, maple pumpkin cheesecake, home.  I'll be having it for dessert tonight and will update this review then.CHEESECAKE UPDATE 11/14/11:  Delicious!!!!Our server was very sweet and efficient, if a little inexperienced.  Having worked in the restaurant industry many years ago as a waiter in a high-end private restaurant in Arizona, I cut new servers a lot of slack.  Last evening's server is no exception.  She got a 23% tip for her service.I would like to suggest that Le Chat Noir add dimming switches to dining room lighting where they don't currently exist.  The lighting in the section we sat in was very bright and harsh.The selection of music played was a very nice mix.  Overall, I have a very favorable opinion of this new restaurant, and highly recommend it to anyone.  I will most definitely return, and continue to support this very local, very small, but very lovely little restaurant.
<review# 833,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2012,7/28/2012,188,95,5,14,7>Most pleasing brunch I have had in a while in San Antonio. I left with a grin on my face and a way too full tummy.Feast is such a hidden gem in the King William's district, it's white exterior stood out in the midst of the colorful neighborhood decked out in fiesta decorations.  Endearing patio seating and a very contemporary interior design describe my first impression of Feast. We were quickly seated and I just love the clear chairs, white tables, and clear glass lights that hang delicately above.Feast offers an array of food and genius cocktails. The bf ordered the Dutch (apple cider, lime and bourbon) - It was way too strong for my liking but my bf seemed to enjoy it very much.  Now on to the food:1. Blintzes: when I read the description, framers cheese was a part of it, I immediately crossed it off my list but I am glad my bf convinced me to try it. The rose syrup has the perfect sweetness that paired perfectly with the richness of the cheese and with a hint of lemon. I absolutely loved this dish and wish I could have finished it all but I was too full :(2. Fried Egg Sandwich: seriously the BEST egg sandwich I have EVER had. Even though the egg is runny, but it's the perfect runny-ness, the egg wasn't oozing out all over my hand, the tomatoes balanced out the richness of the chorizo. O-M-G is all I can say to describe it. If you could have seen my face when I took the first bite, you would be convinced to order  this. Every. Single. Time.3. Chili Mac & Cheese: spicy mac & cheese goodness. Not to cheesy, not to watering. So perfect.We each ordered our own and shared the Blintzs but BE WARNED, I personally think the portion is very decent so next time, I will definitely try not to be so greedy and only stick with one dish... With decent prices, a great environment, friendly servers and most importantly, amazing food, Feast will be my #1 brunching place to go in San Antonio. I cannot wait to come back and indulge in some sinfully delicious food again.
<review# 834,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2012,7/27/2012,32,166,,3,3>My husband and I enjoyed a rare date night last night at Bella on the River. We used to love frequenting Dolores Del Rio, formerly in this spot. We enthusiastically approved of  what the new owner has done to clean up the space while still maintaining its funky, somewhat bohemian vibe. While the main courses looked delicious, and the sides sounded tempting, my husband and I opted for lighter fare and shared several small plates for dinner, salads, and dessert. The wine list is very nice, and we enjoyed glasses of prosecco and a bottle of dry rose. The two major standouts of our evening were (1) the Pork y Polenta--deliciously seasoned, fork-tender pork over crispy fried polenta rivaled a dish my husband had years ago in Italy and (2) the pistachio cake--dense and moist with a wonderful, creamy pistachio icing on top. We enjoyed the piano player's music and banter and the people watching--this place is very romantic, with the majority of tables being two-tops nestled closely together. Bella provides a charming date night experience on the San Antonio River.
<review# 835,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2012,7/26/2012,134,336,5,6,6>you just won me over with the banana chocolate cupcake!! now i honestly went to the boardwalk on saturday night looking for Saaweet Cupcakes Truck but since they weren't there I decided to give this one a chance. It's a pretty damn obvious truck being all bright red and with LOTS of logos on it to let you know it's a bakery you can't miss it. Downside: BOTTLED WATER!! I know it's tradition to wash it down with some milk or hey its san antonio a sweet tea but this girl eats her sweets and drinks cold bottled water. Plus it's kinda hot out there now, a little clear liquid would keep the customers alive and well. *suggestion!* Pro: It's open late on Saturday night. I think they shut down at 9pm which is awesome for me because sometimes I just need a second cupcake past 8pm. Now the cupcake: the banana cupcake is light with nice gooey chocolate chips in the batter topped with a medium amount of frosting and two chocolate chips. it's just perfect ;) demolished in 5 Sheryl Sized Bites and voila it was donezo. This place is worth the 30 minute drive from my side of town and down the very dark road off that leads to wetmore... aya.
<review# 836,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2012,7/25/2012,48,167,4,5,3>Catholics have the Vatican. Muslims have Mecca. And now burger lovers have Big Bob's. This place is the holy land for burger aficionados. Upon walking in, the first thing I noticed was how clean the place was. The second thing was the smell of flame broiling going on. This place is a gem in what otherwise would be a neighborhood that has seen better days. Big Bob's is adding a little sparkle back to Hildebrand.The menu has something for everyone. You got burgers, fries, onion rings and plenty of beers (60) to choose from. They have hot dogs, pizzas, wings, etc... But enough about that. This is about my visit here. Like a compulsive gambler in Vegas, I went all in with The Big Filthy burger. This burger was awesome! Take the regular burger, throw on refried beans, jalapeños, cheese and Bob's chili. This is a 100% eat with a fork burger. The chili's meat even had the flame broiled taste. I can only imagine that Bob browns his beef on the same flame broilers and then throws that in the chili. Genius! The beans were very flavorful and when paired with the cheddar cheese and jalapeños, I was knocked on my butt with delight. This burger is a winner.The french fries are handcut and so fresh that you would swear they were just flown in that day from Idaho. The onion rings are a great choice too. Lots of Yelpers rave about them but I have to say I liked the fries better. I will definitely try the tots next time. Maybe even throw some chili and cheese on them because I roll like that.Big Bob's is a great place to get your burger on. Get there early because the place gets packed. They also have TV's and live music happens most evenings/ weekends. For my fellow techno-geeks, they have free Wi-Fi. Burgers, fries & free internet? That's the triumvirate of awesomeness
<review# 837,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2012,7/24/2012,89,112,2,3,3>Came across this place after a walk at Comanche Lookout Park & I'm so hooked. I love their aguas frescas (pineapple is my favorite), & their breakfast tacos served all day are really a great deal. Just recently I had their taco special including three breakfast tacos and a drink (lemonade only, I think?) for $2.50! Their chorizo and egg taco is really tasty.Snow Flurries serves Hawaiian burgers, deep fried twinkies and oreos, asada tacos, and various other plates and items. Oh, of course, they have smoothies and sno-cones, & to say they have plenty of flavors is an understatement!The service is a bit slow sometimes, so expect to wait a few minutes to get your drink, even if the restaurant is not crowded. Also, the inside of the restaurant would look so much better with a new fresh paint job and a few fix-ups. An electrical socket was popped out of the wall in the dining area, for instance. Truly a nice treat on the north side.
<review# 838,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2012,7/23/2012,59,97,3,6,3>Took the ladies' handgun course with my sister since she had no knowledge on guns. Their class was informative, interactive, and entertaining. They never made the class of beginners feel as if they were lacking in any way. TSI is planning on opening up their new store in May which is a big improvement over having to drive 15 minutes between class and the range. They also mentioned gaining a female employee for those that feel more comfortable with a woman's opinion.Top notch and reliable company with great communication. I'll definitely be seeing TSI again as I signed up for one of their CHL courses. Highly recommend, and at their low prices - a steal.
<review# 839,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2012,7/22/2012,97,85,4,7,5>I was early to a meeting and stumbled upon this place. The place was pretty full, so I decided to sit rather than search for another place to eat. It was definitely a hit. This is another one of those no-bullshit establishments where their showcase is the food. Sure, they have an area sectioned off for reserved seating, but the rest of the place is just an eatery and a good one, to boot!The lamb tagine was really good. I really enjoy a good lamb shank, and when I took my first look at the dish, I was surprised to see dates. Initially, I wasn't fond of the idea of having sweet lamb. I set my differences and preferences aside and took the dish for what it was. By the last bite, I wanted to go on a gluttonous rage and get the entire lamb on the table! There is one secret that was passed on to me by one of the waitresses. They have specials for the weekend that aren't listed on the menu. Driven by the language school in Lackland, the restaurant has opted to have off menu dishes for traveling foreign military members who want a taste of home. Don't worry, it's not an exclusive thing... they'd much rather save on costs from reprinting menus. So, if you decide to hit this place up on the weekend, ask for the off-menu specials before going for the menu.
<review# 840,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2012,7/21/2012,85,31,2,2,2>So my friend and I watched a movie at the Alamo Drafthouse in the same area and afterwards we were thinking about where to go for dinner. We saw Acadiana, didn't know too much about it (I thought it was some sort of European restaurant...haha!) and decided to drive closer to see. Well, turns out it's CAJUN! So we agreed to have dinner here!The ambiance and environment are definitely interesting, in a good way, and I liked it! Our waiter was Jeremy, a very passionate and interesting guy. (more on that later). I, being a Vegetarian, usually have limited options wherever I go and I was happy they had "The Country Platter"...which includes your choice of 4 vegetable side dishes and either corn bread, a biscuit, or hush puppies. I ended up ordering corn on the cob, mashed potatoes (because apparently the rice had "no flavor"), fried okra, and cole slaw. I was also going to order the corn bread, but the server insisted that hush puppies would be the best option!So my friend had made up her mind to order Cajun Boudin, which came with red beans and rice. She also wanted to get the peach cobbler...with the meal...on which our server kept making sure that's what she wanted. lol. anyhow, he also asked her if she wanted to have it before dinner...on which she agreed.Then he came with our orders...mine was correct...except he missed the hush puppies to which he remarked "they are on their way" and brought my friend her cajun boudin. A few minutes later he came back and said that "he forgot about the peach cobbler" and just brought out one to her 'on the house' - which was awesome!We were almost done, he asked me if I wanted dessert...which I didn't...but he was passionate about saying how the mud pie and bread pudding were awesome!Oh then he realized he owed me my side...so he brought out corn bread and a bottle of honey (I'm totally confused at this point, because I thought it was some rendition of bread pudding...haha) and he said that he knew he owed me corn bread (keep in mind he insisted I get hush puppies and forgot that.) and said I had to try it with honey.Still confused, I went to open the bottle and water just splashed on the table. It was like water broke and there was an emergency. lol! So I told him and he apologized, bringing out a 'catering container' with honey and two sealed honey packets.The cornbread, and most of the sides I had were great! The cobbler was heavenly!My friend didn't like the cajun boudin, remarking it lacked cayenne and that kick you expect...when she told this to our server, he said he didn't like it either and that he would have told us, but he didn't want to ruin the mood. He was honest, so point granted.The reason this place doesn't get 5 stars is because of the inaccuracies...but the service compensated. :-)I would definitely return. :D
<review# 841,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2012,1/19/2013,84,393,2,3,6>Lunch here is so good now that cold weather has arrived.  The sandwiches are served on fluffy french bread, and with choice of soup or salad.  The french onion rivals that of a great steak restaurant here in the city.  There is a small selection of baked goods at the front.  There is also a vegetarian sandwich that only runs around $5 (with soup!) at lunch.  The only reason for not giving 5 stars would be lack of sweet tea and no small pastry in the lunch bag.
<review# 842,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2013,1/18/2013,25,319,3,6,6>Fantastic hidden gem in what used to be Artisan Alley -- I think they call it The Alley, now. Regardless, it is a fantastic little spot! The hubby and I tried it for our anniversary. Instead of going the way of a "normal" meal, we did our little trick of appetizers. Food -Grilled goat cheese with preserves! Wow. I wanted more. In fact, I've already tried it at home. Thank you for inspiring me! Sea Salt Frites - We chose the spicy version. INCREDIBLE. I have never been to a nicer restaurant and actually liked their version of fries. Usually, they seem so out place, but HERE: NO way. They had the perfect crunch. The perfect spices. The perfect aioli. I had visions of my trip to Europe while I ate these! Serrano Dates - Perfect selection to go with the Riesling we had selected (from their actual 555 bin, no less). Artisanal Charcuterie and Cheese - Get it. Wonderful combinations of textures, taste, and richness. SUPERB. Drinks - The wine list is vast. We were very happy with the Riesling we selected. We also tried the Sangria. Good, but all in all, probably my least favorite thing. The Da*n Fine Old Fashioned was exactly that! I was sneaking sips of my hubby's! Service - The service was thorough and unrushed. The waiter offered insight to the menu and drinks without being overbearing or condescending. Fred, you were a great waiter! All in all - Can't wait to go back!
<review# 843,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2012,1/17/2013,101,63,2,3,3>Summer is just not summer without rooting for the home team, especially if that home team counts a puffy taco as a mascot! I've been a fan of minor league baseball for awhile, since it allows the masses to enjoy the time honored tradition of America's sport without having to deal with all the loco-ness of MLB salary caps, crazy licensing, and having to walk 2 miles to find parking. But, I digress: last night, I went with a group of friends to see the Missions, and for $15, received the following: a plastic clapper, a baseball hat, a pennant, 1 ticket for the game (duh), small soda, hot dog, a bag of chips, crackerjacks, a coupon for a free burger (with purchase of a drink and a side), AND once the Missions won, fireworks! A great time was had by all, and there were the usual in between innings antics.  Plus the puffy taco, there's also Ballepeno, yet another mascot, and Hebuddy and a little guy I named Toothy also made an appearance. Parking is pretty easy and only cost $5.   So for $20, you get a baseball game, a ton of swag, and get to see 4 mascots. Not a bad way to spend a Saturday night!
<review# 844,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2013,1/16/2013,41,91,3,3,3>After a string of really rather "meh" restaurants, I was leery about going out...would I be stuck in a rut of mehness?Fortunately, Lemongrass helped me escape the rut with delicious Thai food (and really, what better way is there to escape such a rut?).  My date and I ordered a noodle dish (Thai MaMa, sort of a pad thai-ish kind of dish with more veggies) and the wild curry (a red curry not based with coconut milk).  I was very pleased with both dish - the curry had decent heat and was spicy without being overwhelmingly fiery.  The noodle dish was similarly heated and had a tasty and sweet brown sauce that made for tasty leftovers the next day (always nice).  Service wasn't really great, but nor was it so bad that I felt compelled to really whinge on about it or take off any stars for it.
<review# 845,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2012,1/15/2013,28,373,2,3,3>Bobby J would be happy to know that his burger joint is still churning out the very best burgers in San Antonio. In my opinion, these burgers are the cat's ass, or the bee's knees if we have any youngsters Yelping... The patty is slightly charred on the outside from the griddle, crumbly when bitten into, and with just the right amount of grease. Buns are buttered and toasted on both sides - nice! There's a nice choice of cheeses, and numerous sides. If you're really hungry try the Godzilla burger weighing in at 4.5 lbs with cheese for about $32. I didn't give 5 stars for two reasons. First, they limit refills to just 1 then you must pay .75 per refill. Second, when ordering the "meal" you can't substitute for a different side (it comes with fries) nor can you pay the difference to change your side. If you want tots or rings, you gotta buy them separately. If you don't like Bobby J's burgers, there's something wrong with your mouth!
<review# 846,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2012,1/14/2013,177,94,8,11,8>First I need to give a shout out to my bartenders here!  Nick and Mike You Guys Rock!  All of the 1919 bartenders are awesome but these 2 are generally there when I come in and I have gotten to know them and discuss different cocktails and possible new recipes. Now about the bar.  There are not words to describe the drinks that these guys put together.  I have been coming to 1919 at least once a week for a couple of months now.  I am fairly certain that I have tried everything on their, extensive, cocktail menu.  Now that I have said that they will change the menu and I will start over again. If you are not a patient person and are not willing to wait a couple of minutes for them to create you cocktail then you are in the wrong bar.  The libations are literal drink creations.  They do not have a whole lot of premixed anything here.  It takes time to make a drink  and it is worth the wait.  So please calm down and enjoy the show as the bartenders do their work.The drinks here are amazing.  Not only do they have any and all of the classic cocktails but they also have a lot of their own creations.  They have a number of different apothecary jars full of different spirits.  They are being infused with different flavors.  Ever thought about a Strawberry and Serrano Rum?  What about a Corn and Basil Tequila?  There are more but I can't think of everything they have.  They use these, infusions, for different "Signature Cocktails" and for some great shooters.  My favorite drinks?  So glad you asked. I have 3 favorites right now.Tru Azul: Do you like Margaritas?  This is a spicy (very spicy) adaptation of a margarita.  It is amazing but keep a glass of water handy.Rathbone: Remember the infusiins I was telling you about? This is made with one. Basil and corn infused Blanco Tequila. The corn really stands out in this drink. Add in an absinthe laced glass, lome juice and some ginger syrup and you have my personal favorite drink.Blue Grass Fizz: Bourbon, honey, lemon and ginger. This is my idea of a perfect summer cocktail. Sweet and smooth. Almost too smooth don't drink it too fast it is more potent than it tastes. There are plenty more cocktails and if you get overwhelmed just tell the bartender what liquor youlike and if you like it sweet, spicy, bold or whatever.  They will hook you up with something delicious.  Oh and 1 final thing.  The Rules are on the front of the menu.  Read them and Obey them.
<review# 847,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2012,1/13/2013,17,47,6,6,4>I never anticipated writing a review about a cup-cakery but here we go:  The Bird is the word!  My wife pulled me into Bird promising we would just take a look.  This, I found out, is similar to just 'looking' at the four-week-old puppies.  It was fair to say that the red velvet cupcake is the starter-drug.  After enjoying the wonderfully moist and sweet cake, I felt all my surroundings simply fade away.  Not normally an icing person, the icing on this cupcake was pretty good.  But I can't put my finger one why it was so good (perhaps drugs).  Kidding.  Maybe.  Needless to say we have been visiting Bird ever since.There are a number of other things they do well.  Lunch is pretty good if you're into sandwiches and chips.  Highly recommend the crunchy peanut butter and jalapeno jelly and the California club.  Not sure if they bake/make their own bread but it is solid.  I won't go on-and-on about the cupcakes but I did order a 12" red velvet cake for my wife's birthday and it was worth every penny.  It felt like it weighed 10 lbs.  Of sugar glory.  Seating is limited and lunch service isn't especially fast but Bird, welcome to the neighborhood!
<review# 848,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2012,1/12/2013,36,119,4,6,5>Things seem to come and go in The Collection, the shopping center at the corner of Broadway and Sunset.  I still remember when Pour le France was replaced by Chuy's, which is now Sol Y Luna (and was probably a few other things in between).  The rather unattractive sculpture of large shopping backs out front has now been painted white, perhaps in anticipation of an upgrade.  And the strip is notable for high-end, low-traffic shops that do not appeal much to me, such as Saint John Knit (which is great attire for wealthy women over 50 but not me).I say all that as a preface to excuse why I stopped paying attention to what pops up at the back of the strip, including Revolucion Cafe.  You're unlikely to just drive by, and if you're like me, you wouldn't expect a hip coffee-shop-cum-juice-bar to have sprung up near the nail shop, dog groomer, and massage parlor.  Thank goodness for Yelp or I would have never noticed this place, which is less than 2 miles from my home.Revolucion has all the perks (haha, get it?) of a coffee shop, but the juices and savory items set this place apart from the others.  Like Local Coffee, it is very clean inside (although not as well designed) and the coffees are thoughtfully brewed.  I followed the advice of some other yelpers and tried the iced latte with homemade (!!!) almond milk.  It wasn't your grandma's latte.  If anything, it may have been a bit strong for my sick-day palette, and it was enough for two people.  When I left the cafe, a lady on the street asked me what I was drinking and remarked that it looked really thick.  I think she may have been mentally handicapped, but she wasn't wrong--although it was more rich than thick.  When I got home, I doctored it a little by adding some agave and cinnamon, even better.  I also purchased a bottle of juice to go.  The juices are cold-pressed and come in a really cute glass bottle.  The bottles have a $1 deposit, so you can return them for your discount at your next visit.  Props to the person who designed the logo.  The juice I chose was pear mixed with something (apple?) and chia seeds.  YES!  CHIA!  I guzzled it as soon as I got home, and for the first time ever, I wondered whether juice with chia would be an amazing or a horrible cocktail mixer.  I will definitely be back, for the free wifi, for the vegan tamales, and for the lavender-infused honey.  But especially for the juice.  Do they sell juices at any of the local farmers markets?  I would totally support that.  FYI--juice with iced latte put me out 12 bucks, including the bottle deposit.  So this is on the high end for cafe prices--probably the only thing about the place that fits in with The Collection.
<review# 849,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2012,1/11/2013,39,182,5,6,4>Every now and then friends come to town and want to go somewhere other than the usual bar. So this is my go-to place for them. You think "gay bar," but wait I'm not gay and neither are they. No worries, Sparky's isn't wild crazy clubs on the strip. Except for maybe Friday & Saturday. They have music videos with the usual dance remixes, two main inside bars and one outside patio bar. In reality, I think San Antonio is pretty down to earth and when it comes to most of the clubs people just want to have a good time.It's a good spot to start off the night, hit up the rest of the strip while you're at it. However, we always end up coming back to Sparky's to finish off the night. One more thing, the bathroom update: There's either 3 or 4 stalls for the women's. I've never gone into the men's so I don't know. They do abide by the boys can't go into the girls restroom. Which, I don't mind because it sucks to have to maneuver the seat down with your foot because some guy used it last. As in a previous post I understand this can be discriminating and hopefully should be up to the women who uses the restroom to be understandable about this issue. Also, the drinks are pretty stiff, hit it up before eleven and get a double. I think it's $1 or $2 more. It is well worth the price, considering they have a heavy hand. The bartenders are always friendly and are good about recognizing you after the 2nd time. Also, this is one of the few places that I haven't had any problems with my credit card at the end of the night, it's been pretty accurate with what I've bought. Sparky's is worth it though, even if it's just to get away for the pricey downtown clubs.
<review# 850,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2012,1/10/2013,179,165,2,3,2>I went here for brunch on a Saturday with girlfriends. For a starter I ordered roasted garlic with Parmesan bread. It was de-lish!!! And for the price it can't be beat. I was craving a burger so I ordered the lamb burger with smoked Gouda. That also was very good. Service is on par; our server was very personable and friendly. Bloody Mary prices on the menu were $7 but when we got our bill they were $2.50! What a pleasant surprise. Liberty Bar is a must if you're visiting Southtown.
<review# 851,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2011,6/15/2011,92,78,5,6,3>First off, some logistics:A combination of not being familiar with the area and having a train cut off key intersections meant that I got here through the most circuitous route imaginable. And thumbs up to friendly reviewers for noting the bright blue roof-- virtually impossible to notice otherwise. Other tips for locating this place:*east side of the street*across from a Dollar General and a brightly colored Meineke auto placeTheir smallish-medium parking lot was totally full around noon on a Thursday, so I ended up parking at the McDonald's a few buildings away. I arrived frazzled and hungry, but that soon melted away... on to the food!I love Thai and I love buffets! Their $10 lunch buffet was a dream come true. (And I mean that literally -- I think I have actually dreamed about a delicious Thai buffet before.)The buffet was small, but variety was more than enough to satisfy. The food was absolutely phenomenal, and I'll leave it at that. Other things I liked:+ Service was earnest and top-notch. Lots of refills, instant dirty plate removals, very attentive.+ Lots of condiments, chilis, and dressings as well as little thingies (tiny bowls??) to hold them in.+ Plates were smallish, which kept me from getting overambitious with the food.+ Yummy desserts: pudding with tapioca balls, real ice cream.Not exactly negatives, but things to keep in mind:- Ambience is homely, rather than chic; the area is verging on sketchy. Purely aesthetically, not the most impressive first date place. Tong's Thai on Austin Highway would be more appropriate, I think. - The buffet items didn't have labels on them, and some were quite spicy, which I loved. But for those with children, careful at the buffet.Can't wait to try the menu items!!
<review# 852,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2010,6/14/2011,131,57,1,2,3>Magnolia Pancake Haus is hands down the best breakfast spot in San Antonio, nay - it is the best in Central Texas!Their pancakes are to-die-for but what strikes me about Magnolia is how consistent their entire menu is.  Their egg dishes are no joke, their oatmeal is super yummy, the juice is fresh squeezed and their coffee is some of the best I've ever had.  Try the Bacon Waffles - they have tiny bits of bacon cooked right into the batter. Yes!  In the batter I say.Get there early on the weekends, or bring a good book with you as there could be a pretty long wait.  But wait if you must - it is SO worth it.
<review# 853,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2010,6/13/2011,42,75,7,2,6>My girlfriends and I wondered into the Hotel Havana bar as our last stop on a Friday night. It was sort of a late night whim- you know, the kind you have after a few drinks when walking clear across downtown seems like a good idea...this time it was! The hotel is amazing with its simple yet charming decor; nothing gaudy or over the top. The most impressive thing about this place though, is the bar! Stepping off the elevator, my first thought was "wow". The bar was lit by dozens of candles, no other light source. The seating was arranged with several sofas and chairs surrounding some small tables. The bartender was great-very welcoming and excited about it being our first time. Definitely one of my favorite bars in S.A., you will just have to experience it for yourself!
<review# 854,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2011,6/12/2011,32,32,4,5,3>I have to say I really liked hanging out at the BBC.  As usual "the Dad's" were needing a place to hang out and have some beers for our regular night out away from kids, wives, and general daddy duty.  Previously we have gone to various bars and hang out spots across town, but apparently pool was on our minds and I stumbled across the BBC while googling and yelping for a place to go with billiards.The decor is great and that's what first caught my eye.  I knew this was a great hang spot and probably many people's "Cheers".  Prior to coming I called and asked about the pool tables and each time the staff on the phone were very friendly and super helpful.  They were excited that I was bringing a small group of dads and even that small group (10 of us) seemed important to them.  The manager asked what we were doing and who the group was, trying to get a feel for our needs for a bar/pool hall.  He was very welcoming and made me feel like we made a great choice even prior to going.Upon arrival I was sure we found our spot.  It's a medium sized bar with enough for a 150-200 people max.  The decor was eclectic and seemed to scream history, fun, and local flavor.  When we arrived the bartender thought we would be most comfortable in the pool area as there is a single row of movie theatre seating lining the walls and would  allow us to all sit together play pool and watch the spurs if we wanted.  She was right, it was a great spot.  Nice and small, but big enough for us to enjoy ourselves be a bit loud if we want and kick back a bit.The pool games are cheap (4 quarters is all it costs for a game). And the people who drift in and out for a game or two are as varied as the art hanging on the walls.  We played with a businessman type who had just worked late and wanted to relax before heading home, a hippie-ish student who was a pool shark, and a few other folks around our age (30 somethings).  The drink prices were pretty good considering the location near Alamo Heights, but the draft beer sizes were a bit small.  But there's something to drinking out a thick glass beer mug that makes up for its lack of volume.  The food is good as well, we all ordered burgers and fries and they were well done with excellent those thick steakhouse style fries.My group stayed from 7:30-11 on a Friday night and it was never too crowded.  BBC can be a great place to hang all Friday, as a first stop on a pub crawl, or even your last call pit stop.  We had a blast here and I'll definitely be back for some brews, pool, and a few laughs.
<review# 855,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2011,6/11/2011,47,155,6,7,6>Dude I love this place.  For you iron chef wannabes, you can cook to your heart's content.  You have a seafood recipe you want to try but don't know where to get it?  This is the place.  The staff is friendly and they have great online specials.  Service is great and you skip paying the middleman and get the freshest seafood in San Antonio.  Too bad someone reviewed this place.  I was hoping to keep it my secret.
<review# 856,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2011,6/10/2011,88,312,1,2,1>This place is usually packed when it's a First Friday night, but unbeknownst to most, this place is also opened Tues-Sat from 4 p.m.-midnight.The atmosphere on FF is jubilant and festive, but on the quieter nights, it gives you a chance to take in the bar and the outdoor seating in peace. The draft beer selection is limited but the ones they have are solid and CHEAP!  You can get a pitcher of a good German beer for $12!  Make sure you have cash, though.  The biergarten is large and picnic tables are plentiful.  If you're touring the King William area, this is a must stop location!
<review# 857,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2010,6/9/2011,109,306,11,55,6>This is one of the best urban clubs in the city. The demographic scene is predominantly black and the music is all hip-hop and rap. There are lots of V.I.P. areas surrounding the dance floor - some one level up and some two. The parking situation is horrible though so make sure to get there early. The cover charge was $5 for the ladies and I think $10 for guys. There's a dress-code to keep the hoodlums out and it's semi-upscale. The D.J. was good and kept a good mix of classic old school hip hop mixed in with the new music everyone loves - although I think it was a guest DJ. If urban is what you want come check this place out...
<review# 858,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2011,6/8/2011,52,218,2,2,2>Plain and simple I've never had anything bad at EZ's! My favorites are th poblano chicken sandwich and the Alamo bowl.  However, on a recent trip I tried the veggie greek burger.  Now if you know me then the thought of eating a veggie burger is not an option. However, I've recently tried to expand my palette although I don't know how daring eating a veggie burger really is.  I digress.  The veggie burger was amazing!!  The flavors are complex but blend well together.  The pesto is a nice touch.  I now hold all veggie burgers to the standard EZ's has set!
<review# 859,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2010,6/7/2011,24,81,1,1,1>I checked out this place after reading about it in one of the talk threads.  The moment I walked in I knew this was a shop I would come to visit over and over.  This place is loaded with all kinds of great gifts for that fun-loving quirky friend of yours or even for yourself!  I especially loved their selection of Dia de los Muertos art.  They also have plenty of fun books, handbags, jewelry, reusable bags, incense... I could go on and on.  This is a fabulous store in a great location.  Parking may be hard to come by - they have a small lot and street parking fills up fast.  But a walk down the street is worth it; you won't be disappointed with this shop.
<review# 860,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2010,6/6/2011,116,50,1,3,2>5 stars for "fast food" tex-mex?Oh hell  yeah.This reminds me of a Texified version of Hilbertos and Las Parillas back home, albeit on a larger scale.  It goes like this: order at the counter, ravage the chips/salasa bar, grab food from counter, stuff your face, keel over once fat and happy.This is my go-to spot for a quick lunch when I'm in the area, breakfast to nurse a hangover, and happy hour margaritas to induce that hangover.  Any time of day or night (god bless you, Margie's, for your 24-hour offerings), there is something to sate my Mexicravings.The beauty of Margie's is the quality of their elemental ingredients.  Piping hot, fresh tortillas (where I can still taste and feel a light dusting of flour), smoky frijoles, and hot DAMN their salsas - packed with flavor (and again, fresh).  I especially love the smoky dark roasted salsa.  It could make anything taste good.Their nachos are superb, too - smothered in real cheese and yet still, somehow, the chips don't get soggy.  That is magic, right there.  And their margaritas, while from a machine, don't taste like medicinal sweet and sour mix, and they pack a surprising punch.  So remember:  nachos, bean and cheese tacos, barbacoa, soft chicken tacos, fajitas, chalupas and even their caldo - I really don't see how you could leave unhappy, especially given their very reasonable prices.  Viva Margie's!
<review# 861,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2010,8/18/2011,285,293,3,7,4>Haven't shopped at many Asian markets in San Antonio, but I've been to several in Dallas. This one is the best one I've found in SA.Tons of produce and meats. It sounds like it's a Korean market, but they have other Asian foods there too. Went there looking for Chinese sausages, and they had them, along about four other kinds of sausage.Seemed like a good selection of canned foods too. There's a little kitchen there if you want to eat there.
<review# 862,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2011,8/17/2011,34,173,2,4,2>You ever go to the Post Office, see a Thai restaurant next door, and think "That place must be awesome"?  Well, it is.Thai Bistro is locked in the corner of a parking lot entirely too large for a handful of nondescript businesses -- Rome's PIzza has become PIZZA along with NAILS and BOOKS at the sexily named "Post Office Centre" shopping strip mall.  From the outside it looks like half the restaurant has been quarantined into a seedy Asian restaurant and the other half looks like a seedy Asian diner.  If you know your Asian food, this is usually a good sign.  On our first visit, the "restaurant" half was empty, so we were seated in the window table on the packed diner side by a tall happy man who looked like he could have been the owner.We ordered the Jungle noodles and the Massaman curry.  The jungle noodles tasted pretty much like Pad See Ew -- which was exactly what we were hoping for -- the sauce was neither too sweet nor too bland and the veggies were crisp and delicious.  The Massaman curry was filled to the top with fresh vegetables and beef.  The portions are super fresh, super generous, and super delicious.  It's just super.We had some sticky mango rice to finish off our meal, and not that there's ever a bad way to make sticky mango rice, but it was capital A-Awesome as well.We've already been to the place several times since our initial discovery, but Thai Bistro proves that some of the best Thai food can be found next to the Post Office.
<review# 863,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2011,8/16/2011,41,74,2,6,6>For anyone who is into the San Antonio "must eat" taco tours, El Milagrito should always make it into the list, somewhere in the top five. It's a top five taco house, a top five to take out of towners to experience "the real", a top five grab and go,  a top five to get a Mexican Coke, and in my case, a top five to walk the dogs tie them up get my grab and go with a Mexican Coke and hike it back home. I should feel so blessed that when I turn the corner of my block, the smell of comino, lard, chili peppers, tortillas, various meats and everything else that makes El Milagrito a delight overwhelms my olfactory senses instantaneously.Breakfast tacos are a standard favorite of mine. The carne guisada, picadillo, and barbabcoa win out when I'm carnivorous, however, their papas rancheras and nopalitos should not be ignored. With both of these tacos, rather than filled with either just potatoes and peppers (the papas) or just nopals, these items are created with nearly every reachable vegetable to the cook, onions, garlic, tomatos, peppers, etc. Dinner and lunch plates are standard hearty Tex-Mex platters. Familiar and comfortable, an array of choices, nothing surprising, most importantly, nothing unpalatable. Their house salsa, both the red and the green are totally amazing, hot, and if I could buy a bottle of it, I would.The restaurant, as most in San Antonio, is very casual and caters to a largely working class clientele. Because Milagrito has sat on that E Woodlawn and N. Saint Marys corner for 42 years, people from all over the city come out and make the trip and become established regulars.There was only one time El Milagrito has failed me, it was when I made my morning trek to acquire tacos and a Mexican Coke, and a sign posted in the door stated "Closed for remodeling." I had to go to a different place that wasn't all that great and lacked Mexican Coke.  My last outing was on one of the coldest days in the city, I made my order, and the cashier gave me complimentary coffee to warm up. Beyond some of the greatest food inSan Antonio, that is what El Milagritos is all about.
<review# 864,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2011,8/15/2011,117,143,7,10,7>It's time for a little English lesson with analogies, ready?ESPN is to ESPN8 The Ocho, as the Havana Hotel is to...? Did you say "Ocho Lounge," because if you did, you're correct!San Antonio's hottest new lounge has everything: Oompa Loompas swinging from the chandeliers, a photo-booth that prints pictures of your favorite thoughts, and a carnie named Zeth who grants you three wishes but then takes back two and misplaces the third. It's magical.Okay none of that is true. I got carried away with a Saturday Night Live episode. It's a long story.This place is great. It takes the ambience and antiquity of the Havana Bar and takes it upstairs. Literally. Overlooking a serene part of San Antonio's famous Riverwalk, this bar is a go-to for drinks after a first date, second date, or any date! It's also nice if you're not on a date and just happen to want a delicious cocktail. Keep reading.Their menu boasts the skill and precision of some of San Antonio and Austin's finest and most experienced culinary artists. They're gearing up for what's sure to be a great brunch spot at Ocho Lounge, and their menu shows it.If you're more of a night-owl, hit up Ocho in the evening and grab a Hemingway Daiquiri. It's a seamless blend of Bacardi 1909, lime, grapefruit, maraschino, and bits of real Hemingway, so you know it's good.They hand-cut their ice, slice all their fresh fruit (no frozen, pre-cut stuff here), and muddle like it's nobody's business; so pay attention while the artist behind the bar creates a masterpiece that just so happens to be drinkable.If you're going to stop by Ocho, let some of us know in a Talk or Event thread. We don't really need an excuse to go back, but it'd be nice to justify the addiction with fellow yelpers as company!
<review# 865,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2011,8/14/2011,168,80,,3,4>So I'm making a list of some of my favorite local eateries and I discover that I've never reviewed Mad Hatters.  EPIC OVERSIGHT!  What's not to love about the quirky and charming little tea house/eatery in the King William District?!  It makes me feel all warm and fuzzy inside every single time I go... and that's more often than I would like to admit.  Sometimes I go for the food, and sometimes I just go for the experience of drinking my tea out of cute little china tea cup.  Try the hummus, it's oh so yummy!  The sandwiches and deserts are delicious too.  The cup of fruit is legit... not all that tons of melons and canned cherries junk you get elsewhere... it's sliced bananas, strawberries, grapes, melon, and apples.  MMM!  They have plenty of seating, you just have to hunt for it sometimes because it's an old house with several rooms.  The outdoor seating is cool, and perfect for sipping iced tea on a warm day! The staff is friendly.  The prices are a bit expensive, but totally worth it once you see the quality of the food.  Embrace your inner-Alice, and go visit the Wonderland known as Mad Hatters!
<review# 866,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2011,8/13/2011,34,64,1,5,2>Went to the farmers market with a friend this morning and saw some life in the retail space in the new CIA building. Lo and behold, we found that the CIA's Bakery Cafe was open for business. Currently they are in soft opening and seem to be offering drinks and baked goods, but damn are they tasty (and also reasonably priced). Baguettes and Epi (or as my friend put it: Medieval club bread) are running around $3 with both sweet and savory baked goods also hovering around the $5 and under mark. Hopefully this is the start of great things to come from the CIA.
<review# 867,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2011,8/12/2011,70,182,1,13,10>Quick service, tasty food, and a great value.Thai Topaz is a great divey Thai place.  Lunch service is super fast, but not at a sacrifice.  We've had a party of seven, each with different orders, and every single thing came out right.  Lunch comes with comp tea (nice touch), mediocre salty soup, and an entree which is typically with rice.  As just about every person on here has mentioned, the mango chicken is absolutely amazing.  Spicy meals are spicy, flavours are balanced, and the ingredients are of above average quality for the price.  Thai Topaz is now in my top three go-to Thai joints.
<review# 868,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2010,8/11/2011,270,226,4,6,5>It felt like a shot in the dark when I first moved to San Antonio in my mission to find good care for my pets. There were very few Yelp reviews for any animal hospitals, and other sites had only negative scary accounts of their experience. So I tread carefully, and tried the best I could to pick a veterinarian service close to my home. My dogs have boarded and been vaccinated by Acres North since last spring. Their prices are reasonable and the staff is accommodating and friendly. It was a pleasant surprise to find that dog food comes with the boarding service. I've always assumed we should bring our own dog food, but it turns out asking for clarification yields positive news. Our previous vet up in Washington was wonderful as well, but their pet boarding service did not provide food, so I thought it was nice to know this little tidbit. However, if you value a baby wipe wipe-down, it isn't going to happen, but my dogs don't smell too doggie when we pick them up anyway. lol
<review# 869,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2010,8/10/2011,211,97,2,7,4>Hot tea. It's what I used to drink when I felt guilty about all the coffee I drank in the mornings at work. I started my habit using the cheap grocery store brands I knew I liked, eventually moving on to fancier Whole Foods brands. Well, grocery stores, I will buy tea at you NO LONGER! I have found something far better.While walking through North Star Mall, I was lured into Teavana (downstairs, down the hall from Victoria's Secret) by several employees with hot tea samples. Samples? Yes please. I tried a few of the samples and was wowed by how much better they tasted than my stupid tea bags from HEB. Refreshing, slightly sweet, and delicious! In the store, there were no less than 7 different pots of tea brewing and available for tasting. There are booklets around the store to help you figure out what kind of tea does what (antioxidants, relaxing, etc), and the employees are also really knowledgeable and helpful.When you decide which tea you'd like (I chose a white tea that was being sampled at the front, a blend of two types of leaves), you go up front and tell the TeaMaster (I made "TeaMaster" up, but will recommend it to Teavana as a job title). Behind the register are giant tubs of the dry tea leaves (that can be mixed together if you find two that work well as a blend), which they'll portion for you and you purchase by the pound. You also are supposed to buy a (refillable) tin that'll keep the tea leaves fresh for up to a year, but whether that's mandatory, I'm not sure.Admittedly, this tea is a little more expensive than what I've been used to buying at my grocery stores. However, the variety of the tea they have there and the willingness of the employees to help you find what you're looking for makes up for the increase in cost.
<review# 870,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2010,8/9/2011,69,33,4,6,5>For nightlife, cool scene, and no cover... Taking in the nice evening temperatures. DJs Wednesday through Saturday, a mixed crowd of young, old, dancing, chilling, drinking, sober... All kinds. First and Third Fridays JJ Lopez & Scuba Steve spin soul, funk, boogaloo, and every Saturday night you can look forward to DJ Gibbs.I love how you can see the Alamodome and the Tower of Americas over the DJ's shoulder as you tear it up on the outdoor dancefloor. Cute boy bartender, cheap drinks, really nice people... Everything you love about SA, and did I mention... No cover!
<review# 871,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2010,5/20/2010,107,118,4,7,5>I adore this restaurant. When date night rolls around, this is our go to place when we are in the mood for a romantice evening. We always order one plate at a time, spending several hours nibbling delectible plates over a bottle of wine. The food prices are quite reasonable here; it's the wine that puts it a bit on the pricy side.Just a note, I am borderline obsessed with the chevre grilled cheese sandwiches, served with tomato jam. They are a definite must-order.
<review# 872,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2009,5/19/2010,107,261,8,11,10>This park is where I learned to run. Enough said? Heck no.This place is magic... Lots of paved trails, lots of dirt trails, lots of deer and birds. The cardinals are amazing and the forest atmosphere makes me feel like they I am outside city limits. A family friendly park equipped with two full playgrounds, rock walls, soccer fields, and baseball parks, this park beats out all the other SA parks I have been to. Real people go here to run and walk and bike. Everyone is friendly unless they have their head down with earphones - it is a place where you can get lost in nature and the cost is the best: free! If its free, its for me!One tip: If you are looking to run more than 6 miles on paved trails, be prepared to double the park at some point. But you might notice a bunny or an armadillo you didn't see before.
<review# 873,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2013,4/2/2013,17,224,2,6,2>Popped in here to get some replacement jewelry and Audrey helped me at the counter. There was another gentleman there who was helping give suggestions to her based on what I wanted. She showed me a plethora of choices and my mind was pretty much blown because I didn't think I would have that many options. I had a hard time making up my mind and she was so patient and friendly with me! Due to her customer service I decided on a whim to get another piercing. Audrey also did my piercing and she had a good bedside manner. She and I had a conversation while she prepared everything and she did a good job. She was a very nice gal and I had a wonderful experience. The only reason I don't give 1 more star is I have had plenty of piercings done and my regular piercer (in another state, as I moved here about a year ago) whom I trusted implicitly, ALWAYS suggested a regular sea salt soak to heal the piercing. Audrey gave me a spray and I told her that was interesting, I've never done a spray before. I said something about also doing a sea salt soak and she said no, only the spray. I thought to myself, well that's not going to happen. I'm still going to do the soak as I've done that every time and my piercings have healed fine that way. She gave me an after-care pamphlet and lo and behold, inside it recommended a sea salt soak. I found this strange as she said she had been piercing for five years. Now, I'm not going to pretend that I don't sometimes slip with the soaks, but I know my body and feel comfortable with that to an extent. I just was slightly turned off by the mixed information. Luckily I've done this so many times and know what works for me, but if it was my first piercing and I talked to her vs. read the pamphlet I wouldn't know what to do! They have a very good selection of quality jewelry and are attentive. Due to that I'll return.
<review# 874,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2013,4/1/2013,18,57,3,4,2>I spontaneously decided to get my hair cut and found this place via a recommendation on Reddit. Thought the yelp reviews looked okay and decided to just go with whoever was available in the morning. My stylist was Jenn for a women's cut (wet). She did a great job! I had desperately needed a haircut after growing out a perm (which I had gotten overseas) for over six months.Great scalp massage while washing my hair. Professional. Friendly.My fiancé decided to try a different stylist out after I had gone. His cut looks okay. The back was a little choppy/uneven, but it's only noticeable if you're looking at it closely. Overall, his hair still looks good. His stylist was friendly as well.The overall look of the salon is very professional and welcoming. I like the fact that they have their pricing available online, but I do wish there was a section for the level of each stylist so it'd make it easier to choose when booking because they have so many! I would definitely go back again.
<review# 875,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2013,3/31/2013,117,187,4,9,6>If you watch enough Food Network, you sort of hear the same thing over and over again, "Use fresh ingredients.", "Don't freeze or reuse","Make it from scratch.".   The peeps over at Four Kings have definitely listened. Easily the best sandwich shop I've found around town, from a very delicious interpretation of the traditional Vietnamese sandwich (Banh Mi) to fortifying favorites (ham, roastbeef, turkey, etc), its really hard to get a bad sandwich (or anything else, the soup a is fab as well).  Their bread is fresh and delicious, usually a deciding point for any sandwich, they have obviously put some thought into bread selection and preparation, I am in love with their pretzel bread and their baguette (their kolaches are noteworthy as well); I'm glad you can purchase the bread and take it to go, just in case you feel adventurous and start creating your own bread-based concoctions (I've made burgers and sandwiches at home using the bread I bought here....fantastic!).  I've heard their most popular dish is the homemade chicken & dumplings, but they only serve it during the week and usually run out very quickly.The good:+ VERYVERY tasty sandwiches, soup, kolaches, bread, etc+ very friendly and helpful staff - local business+ can purchase bread a la carteThe not-so-good:- hours of operation, they close at 4pm and are closed on Sundays (and I love/work much too far to make it before 4pm on a weekday, thankfully there's always Saturdays).- they serve their most popular dish (chicken & dumplings) only during the week and usually run out quickly- could be considered pricy for sandwiches, but worth it IMHOOther:* limited seating area, BUT they are expanding* odd location if you are not familiar with area, its in the same strip mall as the WEST telemarketing build off Pat Booker
<review# 876,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2013,3/30/2013,32,247,2,3,2>I have been on the riverboat tour twice and enjoyed both of my experiences. They give discounts to military or Bexar county residents, which is a plus! Both of the drivers I had were friendly, knowledgeable about the riverwalk and San Antonio. I left with more knowledge about my city after each boat ride. I know that this is typically for tourists - but I love taking the tour around fiesta and Christmas just for the lights. If the weather is good it can be nice and romantic for a date night!
<review# 877,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2012,3/29/2013,28,373,2,2,2>Nice selection of burgers that you can then customize e.g. add a fried egg, bacon, cheeses etc.Size is great for me. The regular burger is quite big enough for most appetites. I'm a big guy and it filled me up nicely.Tons of seating indoor and out. Lot's of green grass for the kids to play in and it's fenced, too! Great place, reasonable prices, good food, and fun for the kids. What more do you need? I'll be going back.
<review# 878,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2012,3/28/2013,101,63,2,2,2>i'll keep this relatively short: good beer, great atmosphere, definitely not your texmex joint on the riverwalk. if you're from out of town, hang out with the locals down in southtown on a fun friday night, where you can dance the night away or watch some serious cloggers get down with their moves like jagger. also, where else can you BYO beerstein and BYO baby? every, and i do mean EVERY age demographic is represented at beethoven's and if you don't leave with a smile on your face, not many things in life can make you happy. parking can get crazy, especially on a first friday, so carpool if you can. there is a $5 cover charge that is cash only, and food must be bought with tickets: seriously, make like a boy scout and be prepared. oh yeah, food must haves include true german potato salad served warm, and a brat with sauerkraut.
<review# 879,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2012,3/27/2013,41,91,2,5,2>Being new to town, I asked a local friend, "So, if a friend came into town on business and was buying you dinner on his business expense account, where would you go?"  She recommended Paloma Blanca, for which I am grateful.They make guacamole for you table-side, which is both instructive to watch (I plan to modify my recipe based on that - a little orange juice with the lime for a different citrus note) and delicious to devour.DO NOT FILL UP ON GUACAMOLE.  This is important.  Resist!We had the huachinango de casa (red snapper with a Veracruzana salsa) and the carne asada.  The snapper was perfectly good and incredibly tender and moist...it just fell apart in the mouth.  The salsa atop it (onions, peppers, capers, olives) was delicious.  The carne asada was also perfectly cooked, tender, and delicious.  Portion sizes were, to say the least, very generous.  I took enough home to have another 2-3 meals (at least).Additionally service was excellent.  I drink water at a pretty fast clip and the server never let my glass get empty.  The server was also very knowledgeable about the menu and was more than happy to make suggestions (all of which were very good).I'll be back!
<review# 880,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2012,3/26/2013,179,165,2,2,2>I just started working downtown and I started exploring my lunch options. Coworkers alerted me of Guillermo's. I went today and it did not disappoint. I ordered the lunch sandwich combo with meatball cheese on focaccia bread and a side salad. The meal also comes with iced tea for $7.99. The portion is a good size; you will not leave hungry! The food tasted great too! The owner stated that an online ordering system will be implemented soon.
<review# 881,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2013,3/25/2013,113,243,2,5,5>Sometimes people will describe this place as a "Speakeasy", but I don't totally get that, although you do have to walk downstairs to get to their basement location.  They have a HUGE selection of every type of alcohol possible, and they specialize in class or old fashioned drinks.  The best thing about 1919 is their bartenders for sure.  They are what makes this place!  They are so knowledgeable and creative.  If you can't decide what you want, just tell them what you feel like and they'll even make up a cocktail just for you!  My husband couldn't decide, so our bartender took a heavy beer, an egg white, some bourbon, some other stuff, blended it and then literally lit it on fire!  It tasted so good and all of a sudden people were asking, what's that called?  I want one of those!1919 definitely started to get crowded after 9ish, so if you want a fun seat at the bar, go early.  Friends are fun, but I love watching all the action going on behind the bar!
<review# 882,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2013,3/24/2013,177,94,6,13,8>I don't even know where to start with this review.  Revolucion is a daily (sometimes twice daily) stop for me.  For those that follow me and/or Katy B on Twitter or watch the check ins you are aware that there is a vicious battle going for the Duke or Dutchess.  So far, 1/11/13, I am still holding on to my Dukedom.  Not for a lack of effort on her part though.  Anyway, it doesn't matter what you order everything here is amazing.  My usual is a Quad Cajette Latte, yes I said quad.  I may have a bit of a caffeine problem.  Anyway Cajette is a Mexican Caramel made with goats milk.  It is about the only truly non-healthy option on their menu. The Cajette is creamy and delicious and makes for a great latte.  They have numerous other options as well.  From the variety of teas to the numerous coffee options to their cold pressed juices there is something for everyone here to get their buzz going.  I almost forgot they have a few food options too.  Organic Tamales, Granola, Oatmeal and their, soon to be famous, almond milk to go with it.  On top of the fact that I love the coffee here the crew is equally great.  They will learn your name and know your usual drink.  They go out of their way to talk to you and ask how things are going.  It is really refreshing in the hurry up world that we are in to have people that generally seem to care about their customers.
<review# 883,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2013,4/12/2013,95,251,4,6,4>The washer broke while I was in the middle of a move! I had no idea where to go and feared the worst. I haven't been to a laundromat since college days and they were always dreary and sometimes shady places. I enjoyed this place actually!  It is very clean!  The Attendant was helping everybody and keeping the place very clean. High quality washers and dryers. Wifi. Flat screen TVs. Reasonably safe area. You never know when you might need a laundromat at the most unexpected of times and this is the place I would recommend.
<review# 884,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2013,4/11/2013,63,69,2,6,2>Really great Greek food for not a whole lot of cash? I'm in. My husband and I have eaten in the restaurant several times and ordered to-go recently for the first time. A checklist of the goods:Completely LOADED gyros. So much meat and goodies that I ate my recent one with a fork. Awesome.Delicious Tzatziki. You think it's an easy thing to make, but I have had some bad tzatziki in my time, and this place is the deal.Fast service. Really, truly fast service. We have always gotten our food within 5 minutes or less.Lovely interior for dining in. Just open and welcoming.The only thing I would change is that the fries have never been particularly tasty. They just lack any bold flavor and have always been pretty limp. But the gyros fill me up so much that it never really bothers me very much.
<review# 885,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2012,4/10/2013,84,393,3,4,3>The Granary is an amazing addition to the Pearl Brewery and to San Antonio in general.  Admittedly, I have only had the lunch experience and not dinner, but everything from the food to the service was spot on during my visit.  The BBQ lunch plates are 2 meats and 2 sides for $11.  Sometimes BBQ portions are too heavy and not a good idea at lunch.  The Granary executes the lunch plate perfectly.  The pulled pork and briscuit I had were moist, tender, and full of flavor.  The beans were this concoction of baked beans, black beans, smokey and sweet flavor.  The potato salad had mustard seed and vinegar.  There are a number of in-house brewed beers (they will even do a half portion at lunch if you have to get back to work), and also selections from Jester King.  I was worried that the sweet tea would be an afterthought.  Not so, plenty of sugar and lemon brewed in while it was hot southern style.  Everything is served on these convenient little metal trays.  Just order at the bar and they will yell your name when it's ready.  The Granary is in an old house off Avenue A, not in the building part of the complex.  It is a more modern casual set up with bench style seating so not for a fancy dancy dinner. There is some construction going on, but don't fret this place is totally worth the search.
<review# 886,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2012,4/9/2013,118,76,7,4,4>Los Roberto's is my favorite super-greasy-time to calorie slurge-mexican-dive in San Antonio.  The Roberts serve what I consider a traditional Californian Style Mexican food which gives me a warm and fuzzy feeling (or maybe its the beer or maybe the beans. . .) none the less, its DELICIOUS.Nothing beats the fact that its open 24 Hours, the prices are completely reasonable (if not low), everything on the menu is completely horrible for a diet and is dripping in grease, but I've got to admit that's what I love about it.  The kinda restaurant you run too on a day where you just don't give an F!Don't expect amazing service, calling in an order is ALWAYS an ordeal, the lines after 11pm on the weekend are atrocious (bar crowd flowing in) but I consider these only minor annoyances compared to the gloriously fattening super nachos, steak quesadillas, and tacos which are may favorite on the menu!if its late and you're thinkin' man some grease ball mexican food will just HIT the spot... run on down to Los Robertos!!! You can thank me later :)
<review# 887,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2012,4/8/2013,64,132,2,6,3>A food truck park, with quality, late night eats in the middle of downtown San Antonio, a city notorious for only having street tacos, monster nacho places, and your conventional fast food joints open past 12 am. I'm so proud of you San Antonians. Not that you did anything directly, but the fact that this place exists and is gaining in popularity speaks so highly of the direction that this city's food preferences are going. No longer do you have to shove mouthfuls of greasy, mystery meat topped with who knows what into your face after a night of drinking. Well, unless that's your thing, but if it is not, you now have options and quite a few. There are a bunch of different trucks selling burgers, sandwiches, and hot dogs, but the truck that caught my eye was the one selling gyros. Not your usual flatbread gyros, it was a mixture of lamb and beef served on a croissant like bread with a traditional Tzatziki sauce, feta cheese, and pickled onions. Throw back a beer while eating this and you've got yourself a solid night cap. There are picnic tables all around, sometimes a DJ playing, some moderately clean port-a-potties (how considerate), and very chill people eating amongst you. I recommend this place for late night eats after bar hopping or even as an alternative to bar hopping. They serve beer at two places until 2 am so you could potentially make a night of this place.Please support this place as it is definitely one of the few places in town experimenting with this model. I really want to see them succeed!
<review# 888,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2013,4/7/2013,7,46,2,5,3>I love this little bistro! Its away from all of the hooplah on the river and is nice and cozy. The atmosphere was great and it has a quaint courtyard with plenty of space, crawling ivy, and a water features. Great for date night, small luncheons, etc. Now... the food!The food was great! I had the shrimp skewers and rice. The grilled shrimp was the perfect blend of spicy, sweet, and savory. Just enough char to give it a nice smoky flavor and crispiness but still juicy. The rice was a sort of pilaf... I should have written this review soon after I left because now I cant remember what was in it. Just know that is was good! I tried a bite of my friend's burger and it was delicious. Dont know what was on it but it had a "top dollar burger" taste to it (without the top dollar price!). The service was good as well. The waitress was nice but not overly friendly. Im the type that hates to be bothered a million times during dinner so I was satisfied.
<review# 889,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2013,4/6/2013,65,158,2,3,2>Clubhouse food?  Normally, you'd never get me through the door to even try it.  Youthful memories of wimpy fries and bland burgers of country club food have kept me from trying the Quarry Golf Club.  Fortunately, a friend had none of my bias and chose the location for our bi-weekly wine group.Our party of eight dined on a Wednesday night when all wines under $100 were half price.  Although the wine list was not extensive, there were some great choices and they were priced reasonably.  As to be expected, the menu consisted primarily of sandwiches and salads.  The club sandwich was well prepared and generously sized.  The same could also be said for the rueben and the French dip.  There were some items from the grill available, but I hesitantly decided to order the fish and chips.  Fantastic!  I didn't expect much, but the quality surprised me; the coating was light and not greasy.Service was cordial and competent.  The place apparently has a great happy hour and the views from the patio at sunset are beautiful.  We originally had a reservation to be outside, but the weather did not cooperate.  Our indoor table was almost private, in a closed off area away from the noise of the bar.  It would be a great place for a casual business meeting.
<review# 890,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2013,4/5/2013,152,76,4,7,6>Blown away!!!! I wish I could give more stars. This place is what Mexican food in heaven must taste like. So most great real Mexican food places in San Antonio are honestly a lil dirty and dingy. This place was super-duper clean!! And the bathroom didn't have crazy sharpie all tagged on the walls and had a clean floor and everything. BTW- the bathroom light is on the outside of the bathroom... Don't be like me and look like an idiot searching for the light all stupid for five minutes. First off the salsa was great. Not too hot or too tomatoey. It took me like a year to order because they have pictures on the menu next to the plate name and literally every single thing here looked delicious!! I decided to go with the shrimp plate- so not Mexican, I know- and a tripas taco. The shrimp plate came with 9 (it said it came with 7) butterflies fried shrimp and toast, rice, salad with avocados and French fries. It was perfect. I was skeptical ordering fried shrimp from a Mexican food place but it was honestly better than some seafood places I've been too!! And then...the tripas... Omg!! I ordered mine 'medium' which was perfectly done. I wish I could buy their tripas by the pound. I would literally walk around with a tub of tripas all day and be happy (then again I am pregnant, so...) my hunny got some spicy shrimp plate that looked amazing but I was so caught up with my own meal I didn't pay much attention to his. He said we will defiantly become regulars here though so that means a lot coming from him. The tripas was only $1.75 a taco. Next time I will be trying their barbacoa which was same price also. I honestly haven't been anywhere where barbacoa was less than $2 a taco and actually good so I'm excited to see- my bet is its amazing!!
<review# 891,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2013,4/4/2013,63,117,2,2,2>If there is an equivalent of a "50 most sexiest men 2013" but for food, poached eggs would be #2 and poached eggs on Magnolia's smoked pork calico hash would be #1. We got a table for 5 within 15 min on a Sunday morning at 8:30. Granted a friend took the grunt of the work by reserving a table for all of the slackers who overslept (by all the slackers I mean myself). The service was exceptional, food arrived in a timely fashion, and we even got extra pieces of sour dough toast (although none of us really knew what to do with it, considering the abundance of food we already ordered) but a sweet gesture nonetheless. The food was amazing! Can't stop raving about the calico hash and eggs, as you can tell I'm rather enamored. Pancakes were fluffy and perfect as was the coffee. Everyone else enjoyed their food as well! Shout out to the Denver omelette for being one photogenic piece of work, I really had to stop myself from asking to try a bite of it.Thanks Magnolia for opening this spot so close to the medical center, but no thank you for the extra pounds I'll be gaining from the ease of access to oh so scrumptious breakfast. Current status: at maximum capacity from gluttony.
<review# 892,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2013,4/3/2013,52,218,3,4,3>For the San Antonio native you know this was the original location so like many of you it holds a fond memory to us all.  I can say with all certainty they have the best puffy tacos in town.  Although if your gonna hang your hat on puffy tacos then you better be good at it lol.  I am personal fan of the spicy chicken fajita puffy tacos. Henry's somehow manages to keep the the light airiness that a puffy taco should be but not instantly turning into a taco salad once you bite into it.  This is no easy medium to achieve but they manage to knock it out of the park.  This place rocks and if you've never been then do yourself a favor and order some puffy tacos up!  You won't be disappointed!  The location on Bandera road is just as good too!
<review# 893,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2014,11/18/2014,10,18,1,7,5>This place pleasantly suprised me. I can't for the life of me figure out why my group of 5 was the only table there but I hope others catch on to this great place. I ordered the fried rice omlette, which I asked the owner if I could have kimchi fried rice in it, and she did this for me, no questions asked! Inside the fried rice was kimchi, onion, and what seemed like pieces of ham, which was delicious, and very well seasoned with pepper. On top was a fried egg omlette, and it had little lines of barbecue sauce on it. It was sooo good! The portions are very generous, the rice and omlette was hot, the ingredients were fresh, and you can tell it was made with care. My husband ordered a 911 sandwich which had spicy pork, egg, lettuce, tomato, cheese and probably something else I am leaving out. It was on a french bread type of roll. I got to taste a little bit of his and boy was that spicy! He said it was the best sandwich ever. We also ordered the spicy Korean wings, these were dynamite! They were sweet but spicy, and hot and the skin was crispy, just the way I like. Others in the group ordered kimchi burgers and seemed to enjoy them.  Bottom line is you really need to give this place a try. The Korean dishes all look amazing and there are even pictures on the wall to help with ordering. The owners are accommodating and will answer any questions you have.
<review# 894,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2014,11/17/2014,39,85,7,7,9>Love this sports park. Very nicely put together. The parking is a little squirrely depending on the sport/venue, the security is iffy, and the wait is too long for concessions, however, the courts, fields etc are phenomenal. It's good to have a sports complex on the southside.
<review# 895,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2014,11/16/2014,147,125,1,10,6>Vegan special sandwiches are always delightful as are the non-vegan specials - my husband and I typically order from the special board when we go.  They bake their bread onsite and use only the highest quality ingredients.  They have a set menu, but their specials tend to catch our eyes when we go as they are chocked full of flavor and are served with a side (chips, soup or side salad).When they make their homemade lemon/limades, do yourself a favor and get it - always lip smacking good - hibiscus limeade is one of our faves.    Friendly service coupled with delicious fresh food make this one of our local go-tos for lunch each week!
<review# 896,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2014,11/15/2014,41,34,4,3,6>I absolutely love The Cove. I love it enough to buy a t-shirt. The location is cool, the setup is cool, the food is good, the servers are nice. It's just a great place. My favorite thing to order is the Lisa Special which comes with two fish tacos and a salad. The fish tacos are da bomb. And the salad is fresh and comes with a heart-shaped tortilla chip. So sweet.I brought a visitor from out of town to this place and he really enjoyed it. At first it was difficult to find places where we could eat that would meet his standards of local produce and meats, sustainably sourced, natural foods, etc (if you want to roll your eyes, do). This place won him over and I'm glad. What convinced him was the map of where and how the fish is sourced and a map of where many of the restaurant's ingredients come from. Usually from local farms in Texas. Plus they grow many of their own veggies and herbs onsite. On that particular visit both of us ordered the Lisa Special. I was delighted by the quick service and began eating with gusto. I savored each bite. The salad was dressed perfectly (lol) and I swear I gobbled the cute little tortilla heart with a big grin on my face. I was so happy. Midway through, my dining partner reached across the table and fed me his tortilla heart. I accepted it gladly before I realized, whoops he wants my tortilla heart now but I already ate it. He looked expectantly at my plate, saw no heart, and then met my eyes. ::Romance ruined:: The look on his face was so funny, though afterward I felt kind of bad that I didn't think of sharing my heart with him. Ha ha oh well. I've brought my mom here once too and she was enticed by almost everything on the menu. She ordered the roasted zucchini that she and I both tried. The dish was seasoned perfectly and had a really nice lemony herbal flavor.  I would order that again. A word to the wise, the sweet potato fries is a large order that is big enough to share. Protip: And if you do have leftovers they are perfectly reheatable in a toaster oven, just wrap them in foil and drizzle a teensy bit of olive oil. The Cove is a nice place to be with friends and it serves many functions. Everything from a car wash to a live music venue. You can have a fun and casual family dinner, have a nice date al fresco on the patio, or meet up with a group of pals to have some beers and watch sports or listen to music. You can also bring your dog and bathe it. Hahaha. It's everything you'd ever want (or didn't know you wanted) in a local dive.
<review# 897,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2014,11/14/2014,81,125,3,4,5>Art and yoga and mariachis and gorditas, all on the Houston St. cobbles where VIA buses usually roam... what's not to love?? Wicked kudos to Artpace for putting on a spectacular event year after year! It seems that over the years the focus of the planned art has become more upon the middle and high school teams, as opposed to pros... logical flow of things, I suppose, given how many fun interactive projects take place throughout the day to get families excited about and engaged in art, and the enthusiasm of the Artpace volunteers who staff them. Such amazing talent from these kids, too - I find it especially impressive, as I'm barely even capable of making a decipherable stick-figure, myself. The guerrilla haiku was a neat addition to this year's festivities, but I really missed the guided public-participation mural.. . Despite my stick-figure deficiencies, I can hold my own in color-by-number and always look forward to my part in that activity.
<review# 898,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2014,11/13/2014,70,122,2,7,4>Pros: Healthy vegetarian/vegan fare that only tastes like guilty food.Cons: None.Vegetarians/Vegans: This is all you.It has been a long time since I have been this excited about any restaurant. Though I am not vegetarian or vegan, I do enjoy eating such cuisine regularly. Plus, my girlfriend is vegetarian, so I get bonus points for that. Of all the vegan/vegetarian restaurants that I have dined at in San Antonio, Austin, Houston, Dallas/Ft. Worth, Boston, Los Angeles, Central California coast, San Francisco, Portland, and Seattle, Senor Veggie was the single most delicious experience. Obviously, I have eaten at a wide variety of vegetarian/vegan restaurants all over the country and I firmly believe that one of the qualities of a great chef is her/his ability to create something absolutely delicious and memorable strictly with vegetables. This is what Chef Jose Cruz brings to the table, literally and figuratively. He is a classically-trained chef from the New England Culinary Institute who holds the philosophy that vegan food should taste so good that whether you are vegan or not, you would consider the lifestyle. And this is exactly what he proves with his culinary skills.We chose to try the tofu lettuce wraps as an appetizer, after which I endeavored the SV (Senor Veggie) Burger with shoe string fries and my girlfriend attempted the tostadas. The four tofu lettuce wraps had a dressing that was out of this world delicious, while the produce, including romaine lettuce, kale, alfalfa sprouts, and jicama and beet shavings, was so fresh it tasted like they just picked it from the garden. The tofu triangles were well seasoned and fried, so they paired well with the crisp and fresh greens.My SV Burger was the best black bean burger I have ever had. Heck, it was the best non-meat burger I have ever had. And I have tried A LOT. The black bean patty was perfectly seasoned and not over-cooked/dry. The bun was fresh, locally baked, and stellar. The accompanying guacamole tasted perfect and had a wonderful fresh lime juice zing. The shoe string fries on the side were so fun to eat. I have never, ever seen them cut so thin. They were so flavorful and crispy, I ate them by the handful! My girlfriends tostadas, however, were the piece de resistance. They were topped with refried pinto beans, fake ground beef crumbles, fresh shredded lettuce, diced tomatoes, and cheese. It was outstanding and probably one of the best executed everyday fare that I have ever had.I tried dessert and was rather disappointed by the vegan chocolate cake, but I understand that vegan cakes are hard to keep moist. I did, however, take a pistachio baklava home for later and, in my eyes, it helped redeem SV's desserts. The baklava was flaky, buttery, and not overly sticky sweet.The service is friendly and the place is cleanly kept. If I could give this place 6 stars, I would. I love the food here and it has really outdone our local vegan joints like Green Vegetarian Cuisine and Vegeria. I cannot recommend this restaurant more highly.
<review# 899,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2014,11/12/2014,198,247,11,15,18>Four Kings is the first legit deli that I actually enjoy frequenting! I couldn't agree more with News 4 San Antonio that Four Kings serves up the best sandwiches in SA! The place is always packed during lunch which is always a great sign. You order at the counter and either Haley or Kelsey are there to take your order with big smiles on their faces! My five star rating is strictly for their outstanding pimento cheese on their house made rolls, it's completely divine! However, the pimento cheese sandy is only a "special" so if you're lucky and see it on their daily menu then get it! Here's the low down on the items I've sampled thus far:*Pimento Cheese: Spicy cheesy perfection, they are incredibly generous with their servings. Take some to-go if you LOVE it, I found myself waiting 2wks before I could reunite with it. *Bahn Mi Sandwich: Huge tender pork chunks with loads of fresh cilantro and HOT jalapeno peppers. This is not the bahn mi you're used to but Four King's yummy rendition. Try it, I was full all day! *Spicy Avocado Turkey Sandwich: Their homemade avocado and cream cheese spread will have your head spinning, I could have eaten the the spread with the roll and would've been content. They put loads of turkey in this sandwich.*Asian Chicken Wrap: This is the first wrap I've ever liked, the sauce and veggies used went perfectly with the seasoned chicken, so juicy. **Tuna Salad Sandy: This was pretty good, it was on the sweet side and reminded me of my toddler years when I would be dragged to an old school baby shower. Soups (ask for a sample before you take the plunge):**Pozole Rojo: A tad on the salty side, you could definitely taste all the chili powder and spices used. Lots of hominy and meat chunks.**Potato and sausage: Oh man this was so good, the broth was excellent and had a cheesy element to it with loads of potato chunks and small pieces of sausage (wish I had more). **Chicken and Dumplings: Meh. I wouldn't get this again, I felt like I was eating chicken pot pie filling with dumpling chunks. The CDumps were still edible but it was a tad on the heavy side. I'm still not done sampling at Four Kings, they even make their own pastas, I love that! I was never a fan of eating sandwiches out because they're so easy to make at home but I would never be able to replicate all the heart that Four Kings puts into their food.
<review# 900,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2014,11/11/2014,54,259,4,3,3>Had my first pizza, pepperoni and bacon, total Yum! This is some good pizza yo at very affordable prices. Neat, neighborhood, family-owned joint with a good beer selection. Very good, very filling food and nice service, they took good care of our little comedy group, we meet in their back room every Monday night for our clean comedy workshop. Thanks!
<review# 901,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2014,11/10/2014,95,251,2,7,8>The perfect solution if you have no time to cook and still want healthy meals! My hubby loves the food here! I have been overcoming a wrist injury and have been unable to cook recently. I decided to try out Zedric's so that we didn't end up eating fast food every day. I am also a vegetarian so that makes dinner preparation for me and my meatetarian husband a little tricky. Hubby loves coming here to pick out his meals for the week. This is a guy who hates grocery store shopping, especially with me because I like to read all the food labels. He loves coming to Zedric's because we are in and out within about 10 minutes and he even reads the labels for his meals here! He also started getting his lunch meals for the week. I might be out of a job as far as good prep at home goes. Grocery store trips are shorter since I am not buying ingredients for cooking. We find Zedric's to be cost effective for us since we have to plan meals around both vegetarian and meatetarian dinners. And what I especially like about Zedric's is that they cook healthy meals so hubby is getting good food. Whether we continue purchasing all meals or just some meals here, we are happy to have such a fantastic solution for during-the-workweek-healthy meals. I really appreciate this business being available to us!
<review# 902,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2014,11/9/2014,332,311,2,3,4>I am a fan of Romano's Macaroni Grill.  Before they were bought by Brinker restaurant group and expanded to every shopping mall in America, THIS was the original location.  According to our server, there was a flood in the late 90's that ruined the original Macaroni Grill.  I am happy to report that the building was restored and expanded into The Grill at Leon Springs (not affiliated with Brinker).  I can't help reminiscing about MG when I walk into the main dining room here...TGaLS is an upscale eclectic restaurant.  The chef is french and has daily specials which show his francoise style.  There also is a static menu, which offers a few of the original Macaroni Grill favorites.The service has been good and bad for the two visits we have had so far.  The first time was so bad I almost didn't want to come back.  But since we drive by this place several times a day, it is too convenient to avoid, especially if we want a nicer meal.  On our second visit, our server was what you would expect for a finer-dining restaurant.  As a bonus, we found out that Tuesday night is discount wine night!There is a big patio that has been full of happy hour people each time we have dined inside.  It looks like something that is a set for the "Real Housewives of San Antonio" considering the proximity to the high-end neighbors nearby.  There also are a quite a few happy-hour food specials, which brings in the "early-birds".The first time I had a prime ribeye, which contributed to my negative first impression.  I didn't finish it and I asked the server to box it up.  He never returned with it and we left having forgotten that we asked him to box it up.  The second time, my wife and I split the pot-roast, which is enough for two people.  Both times, we have enjoyed a seasonal salad: the Fredricksburg Tomato and Watermelon salad - truly scrumptious both times!They DO have a few options for kids.  The only negative with it is that the kids pasta is $11.
<review# 903,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2011,6/25/2011,514,316,4,10,11>I am going to be a fatty because of this place, and I'm perfectly ok with it. I pass this place every day on my way to work and it's hard to fight their amazing tacos. Corn tortillas are soft and hold an array of insanely tasty meats. The green pork is so tender and it falls apart in your mouth and the flavor is amazing. To be honest, I'm drooling a little. The staff here is great too, incredibly friendly and it doesn't take them too long to remember you. Don't pass up on these tacos.
<review# 904,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2010,6/24/2011,5,3,5,4,5>Pretty sure that address should read "118 Broadway".  I only know this because I work extremely close to this little place, and spend far too much of my money and time here (not that it isn't worth it!).Although it's a bit pricey, I'm addicted to Twin Sisters.  The chicken salad sandwich is great and always very filling, and they don't play around with their soups.  I wouldn't normally endorse paying $9+ for a half-sandwich and cup of soup, but it's really that good.  Oh, let's be honest.  My main attraction to this place is the baked goods... And maybe the staff.  Sweet potato muffins are my usual, but I get as giddy as a little fat kid whenever I see their homemade granola bars.  Don't be fooled, there's nothing healthy about them.  Sure, they have the standard rolled oats and sunflower seeds, but the whole thing is held together with some kind of heart-stoppingly-delicious-peanut-butter-glue.  I should probably be shipping these to starving Ethiopian children, but I can't help myself from massacring these things whenever they happen to sell them.
<review# 905,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2011,6/23/2011,231,60,,7,1>I was having a conversation with a friend about middle eastern food the other day and I was lamenting the fact that I missed the UK and Germany for their overwhelming abundance of kebab shops. Forget burgers; a good kebab is better any day. When you hear the word kebab, you probably think of the skewered meats, which although part of a good kebab shop, are not the only thing that I dream of when I hear the word. Think gyro. Think tastier. The Grecian gyro is the closest thing to a true Doner Kebab, but what often passes for gyros in this country are often subpar to begin with. Pasha is a Mediterranean delight and I'm thrilled that I finally tried it. I had a chicken  shawarma. It comes chock full of delicious grilled meat and the garlic sauce adds just the right kick. If you like it spicy, ask for some hot sauce (similar in nature to east coast style hot pepper relish - like the kind you get at Lenny's Subs). Served with a healthy portion of salad (that includes kalamata olives and pepperoncini - yum) with some of the creamiest feta you'll ever have. The place was packed at noon on a Friday and there was a slight wait to order  (you order first, then find a table and they serve you there), but I'd gladly wait for Pasha. I will definitely be back and will bring a lot of people here when they're looking to escape the everyday.
<review# 906,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2010,6/22/2011,72,119,2,4,3>I've been going to this studio for a few weeks now and have really enjoyed the Saturday sessions with Claudia. There is a decent range of ability even in the beginner class, and she's always willing to help with beginner and intermediate modifications. Her classes are Vinyasa flow and keep you sore in a good way for a few days. There is another instructor on Saturdays (they alternate) that does a little bit more of a free-form class. She's really into more of the New Age kind of practice and is open to her students suggesting the focus of the session. She promised us a good hip opening class next time if we remind her. I prefer Vinyasa, but I do like that we can have a bit of variety in the other class. The instructors are also good about adjustments, not trying to push those who aren't open to it (although you need to be to lead to more successful practice). The studio is small, but a good size to keep classes manageable. There are mats, blocks, and blankets to borrow if you don't have your own, and all are good quality. Class cards are kept on file so you don't have to keep track of one more thing in your wallet. Classes are $15 for a drop-in and can be as cheap as $10 with a 20 class card.
<review# 907,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2010,6/21/2011,220,318,4,5,9>Before Flying Saucer came to town with its dark wood, short plaid skirts, and good bar food, Hills & Dales provided the adventurous beer drinker with the most tantalizing selection.Now that the Saucer's here, the beer drinker has a choice:  the pretty bustle (and perhaps greater selection) (and, agreed, Jorge P, food!) in a strip center at the Saucer, or the outlaws-and-college-students dive icehouse just down the road in a little pocket of remaining 'country'. Hills & Dales feels a bit like being inside one of the classic rock songs on the jukebox. I like its laidback attitude. I like the way everyone feels like beer-drankin' family here. I like the way it's a little bit country, a little bit rock n roll. I like the way it feels like Texas.There's room for both the Saucer and Hills & Dales in town; just depends which scene you're feelin. Although both crowds are somewhat mixed, I doubt I'll ever have a philosophical conversation with a biker at Flying Saucer.
<review# 908,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2010,6/20/2011,23,109,7,6,2>Wha?!  Stumbling upon Cascabel's one star review was like having someone tell me my child was ugly-- because, honestly, Cascabel's is one of my favorite Mexican restaurants in San Antonio!  They have a sweet little patio, efficient service, and it's BYOB (and who doesn't like saving an extra dollar or two every now and then?).  Of course, the important thing is the food-- and the food is delicious.  It is interior of Mexico food, and it is NOT smothered in orange cheese (although they have caved and have added chips to the menu to appease customers).  So if you're looking to fill your Tex-Mex quota for the day, this is not for you.  But if you are looking for pork, chicken, or other items simmered in interesting sauces, with a satisfying cup of fideo to begin, you will love it here.  I do.
<review# 909,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2011,6/19/2011,15,32,3,2,2>I have always liked the word "joint". Maybe it was due to the famous line in Casablanca but I feel like whenever that word falls out of my mouth my demeanor seems a lot cooler. Whether this is true or not remains to be seen but what I can say is that I feel amazing whenever I step foot inside Sam's Burger Joint. Located on Grayson street, this great hamburger haven serves delicious food at an affordable price. My usual order of a mushroom-swiss burger with large fries has always hit the spot. I almost can't contain myself when my name gets called and I see a burger that has been made with care, love, and complete with the trademark SAMS logo etched on top of the bun. All burgers should taste this good.
<review# 910,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2011,6/18/2011,62,187,1,1,1>It is a real site to see when traveling in or near North Star Mall. The best view is driving by or parking and walking right up to the boots. Don't forget to check out the regional cactus that are around the boots. The best time to see the boots are during Christmas time when the mall covers them with Christmas lights.
<review# 911,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2010,6/17/2011,157,156,2,3,2>The best enchiladas and breakfast tacos in San Antonio. The prices are VERY reasonable and the staff is quick and efficient.The parking lot is small but that's probably because the restaurant itself is small. Come early to avoid Sunday morning crowds. On a Friday night you can get seated and served very quickly though.The tortillas are always perfect and the wall by the register has all sorts of fun bumper stickers and such that have funny sayings on them.
<review# 912,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2010,6/16/2011,181,124,6,5,3>I used to love Goomba's Pizzeria and it was my go to place to get a NYC slice until I fell in love with Florio's! The slice was as close to NYC as you can get! I ordered the pepperoni and meatball toppings and they were the shizznitt! The crust was damn near perfect. It had the crispiness that other places lack.I have never seen so many italian people in one spot so I knew this joint had to be authentic. I look forward to trying their specialty pizzas and subs. If you crave authentic NYC style pizza this place is a must!! Anyone who disses this place should be slapped with a nasty slice of Dominos pizza.
<review# 913,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2013,1/7/2014,139,107,3,11,6>Very cute little coffee shop in Artisans Alley.The atmosphere strikes a beautiful balance between elegance and comfort with chandeliers, wood flooring, comfy seating and a "book of the week" (This week was Cooked by Michael Pollan which made me all sorts of happy) is posted on a chalkboard.The coffee is fresh and flavorful.  I had the Texas Pecan coffee which was rich in body and a bit smoky (oh it was a bit of heaven)  Even the cup it was served in had an elegant personalityThe food... I ordered the chicken salad and I was so very happy with it.  Nice fresh ingredients in the salad served over a bed of spinach with cranberries and pecans.  YumThe baristas were the sweetest nicest people who bento over backward to make our group feel at home.  If you are in Artisans Alley you MUST stop here!
<review# 914,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2013,1/6/2014,114,70,6,13,9>One of my favorite grocery stores, ever. Wide selection of fresh produce, meat and seafood, cheeses, wine/beer, deli items... and the bakery is AMAZING. Dangerous for someone on a diet, but amazing none the less.TIP: If you are rushed for time but want to serve a delicious meal, check out their "take and bake" section in the front of the store. They have ready to go meals (stuffed peppers, lasagna, etc.) that you can take home, pop in the oven for 20-30 minutes and voila, dinner is served. Pick up one of their delicious salads to go with it and you're all set.
<review# 915,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2013,1/5/2014,125,290,10,16,10>I learned two things while at Heavenly Pho.  1. I've been pronouncing pho wrong for YEARS (sidenote: why didn't any of you tell me??) 2. Their pho is freaking delicious.  I had read a little blip about Heavenly Pho before they opened and marked my calender "finally, pho by apt." Stopped in as soon as I could and was welcomed by an open, clean restaurant with plenty of seating. Our server was very friendly (and obviously a little new and nervous) and we ordered up some shrimp rolls and pho.  The shrimp rolls are basically shrimp wrapped up in a wonton wrapper, simple and delicious.  I was little nervous about the pho but breathed a sigh a relief when a huge bowl (which was a small, go figure) was placed in front of me and the savory aroma hit my nose.  MMM MMM mmm.  The brisket was tender, the noodles were plenty and the broth (with a squeeze of lime and one too many dashes of sriracha) was one of the best I've ever had. Pho not your thing?  Along with vermicelli bowls, Heavenly Pho also offers some Chinese dishes and even some Pad Thai.
<review# 916,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2013,1/4/2014,169,520,6,8,6>This is a body-killer! I have found a new workout fix - here's why:Things to enjoy:Online reservation system - easy to schedule classesFREE lockers for your things right up frontStarts on time, respects your timeProfessional, knowledgable staff up front and in classMyriad class styles - the instructors are all different, so your body doesn't get used to anything!  This is key for fitness training.Things to dislike? NONE.  Even though my body was screaming for me to stop, I know the burn will produce major results.$100/month for the first month is a steal - I signed myself up for 15 classes in a month.$140/month after that... a little pricey, but if after my first month my body's rockin', I will invest the funds.Overall, I think Smart Barre is a gem of a gym.  The 20min drive is totally worth it for me, and if my lazy bum is traveling that far for anything that includes work, trust me, it's good.
<review# 917,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2013,1/3/2014,92,38,2,5,4>This place is fantastic. Good ice cold bottled beers from the Ice House and delicious food from the grill. Bar (Ice House) is cash only.  Restaurant takes cards and can give you cash. There's also an ATM over at Blue Star.  This place is perfect for relaxing after a long day at work or a long bike ride or run.  I don't know about you, but when I've been cooped up inside all day the last thing I want to do is go sit inside some more.  Same goes for when I've been out getting my sweat on - I don't want to go stink up some place with my run/cycle funk.  Ya know?  It's a good idea to put in your food order first because it can take awhile. They'll give you a number and bring it out to you when it's ready.  Then, head over to the Ice House and grab a cold beer, sit down at one of their picnic tables and relax.  So, La Tuna it is.  I mean, there are other places I like a lot but something about La Tuna just makes me happy.  Heck, I may go there tonight.
<review# 918,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2013,1/2/2014,99,141,3,4,5>This is easily my favorite restaurant in San Antonio. It is SO NICE to find a delicious place to eat and know you're making a healthy (or, depending on what you get, a semi-healthy decision). I've been a vegetarian for about 3 months so I'm used to making adjustments at other restaurants that have meat as a main source of protein, so going to Green is super enjoyable because it takes all the guess work out of it. My parents both eat meat, and they enjoyed their meal just as much as I did. We've had the "chicken" fried steak, tofu street tacos, eggplant parm, and mediterranean bowl. Really, everything is worth a try. I've been wanting to get the macro bowl for a while, but really I don't think you can go wrong with anything here. If you have an option of sides, go with the salad. It has sooooo many bell peppers and cucumbers and tomatoes. Its delicious. I tried the chipotle dressing and didn't care for it too much, so I ate it with salsa. Luckily the dressings come on the side, so you don't have to commit to one you don't like.Green is fun. There's plenty of indoor and outdoor seating, a small bar, and the place is just decorated so cool. I love the chalkboards, the collection of frames, and the t-shirts on the wall. It's been hit or miss with service in regard to friendliness, but they're always very quick to refill drinks (and I drink a lottttt of water and green tea. sorry!) They're closed on Saturdays, so just be aware of that. It's easily worth 5 stars and I couldn't speak more highly of it.
<review# 919,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2013,1/1/2014,32,166,3,6,4>My husband and I used to have a sweet tradition of heading to La Frite on rainy days. We would meet for lunch and share mussels and pretend that we were in Europe. The food, the decor, and the general vibe of the place allows you this momentary fantasy. Last night I enjoyed La Frite with a group of girlfriends, one of whom had won a "Dinner and Beer Tasting for Four" package at last year's Witte Game Dinner. We were treated to 4 well-conceived courses with beer pairings. We are a group of wine drinkers, so it was fun to try so many different beers, which were paired with a variety of tasty courses. After starting with a fun glass of Kwak (love the glasses and wooden holder!), we sampled salads (especially enjoyed the endive), enjoyed four bowls of mussels (each seasoned with a different broth--our favorite was the daily special, celery root), lamb chops, crab cake, and two desserts (chocolate Belgian waffle was a standout and a lovely lemon tart). Our server was informative and fun. We enjoyed all of the different beers so much that we didn't even miss our usual glasses of wine. The next rainy day, I'll be heading back to La Frite, and I might even sneak in a lunchtime beer with the obligatory mussels and fries.
<review# 920,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2013,12/31/2013,211,97,,4,4>I'm glad that the nearest pizza place near my house is also delicious, as I'm lazy and less likely to drive far for a quick bite on my more slovenly days.Pizza Italia is a smallish joint in a strip center. Inside are booths and tables, movable to accommodate larger groups, and outside is a good sized patio with some more tables. As other reviewers have mentioned, their beer selection is HUGE. While there are several types available to purchase in a pitcher, there is also a sizable cooler in the center of the restaurant filled with whatever beer your little heart desires.The pizza is good, and at a good price. With a few awesome specials (large pepperoni for $7.99 on Monday nights, and Tuesday nights get you a pitcher of Ziegenbock for $4.99), good food, and friendly staff, there are few reasons to NOT go.Also, if you're not feeling like filling up on pizza/pasta, Pizza Italia also serves up some really good big salads.
<review# 921,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2013,12/30/2013,54,259,2,8,6>We went here for the first time last night, got there right around 9pm,  I hope this place makes it because it's minutes away for us and could become a go-to spot for us.  Small, but cozy and intimate setting, somewhat narrow but I can live with it.  Nice, but not snooty or pretentious  They have a pretty good beer selection, I'm quite a beer snob and tried a Sam Adams Grumpy Monkey Belgian IPA and it was so good!  The pizza was excellent, would rate it right along with Stella's Public House or Dough, but more reasonably priced.  We had the house pizza and the sun dried tomato were so flavorful and juicy.  The crust was right in between crispy and chewy, maybe more on the crispy side.  We had a caprese salad which was sweet and spicy.  Pizza came out right as we were finishing our appetizer.  I like too that they had two large screen TVs for us sports fans, but they had the volume turned down and were playing music.   Our bill was around $45, with appetizer, two glasses of wine, one beer and a 16 inch pizza.   Overall, very pleased and will certainly be back.
<review# 922,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2013,12/29/2013,444,406,6,7,6>I've been here twice already and have not been disappointed with the quality of my food here, so extra star for a good burrrrgerrrrrr! You order, you get drink, you find table, you sit,  they bring food. That's all the customer service you'll get here. Oh, go try the spicy sauces near fountain drinks. I mix them with ketchup to dip the fries in for some fire. My favorite burger is the blue cheese with regular fries. That's all and wash it down with a cold beer or  big red. I like music and rock so it is fascinating to look at all the posters on the wall. I like to sit by Marilyn Manson.
<review# 923,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2014,11/8/2014,86,141,4,7,8>I came here with a rather large group of friends on a Thursday night. I had heard about Galpao Gaucho from an acquaintance and decided to see if any of my friends were interested. Our reservation was at 7pm, we all arrived on time and the staff seated us promptly. I was a little surprised by how small the restaurant was, but really enjoyed the casual nature of it, as opposed to the stuffiness of some nearby brazilian steakhouses. They explained the concept for everyone and off to the salad bar we went.The salad bar was not overly ambitious or pretentious like other churrascarias in town. It was some greens, chicken and tuna salads, various toppings, cheeses, and the big block of cheese. The warm bar had two kinds of rice, mashed potatoes, and battered bananas. I got a few things, but was ready for the meat. Once I turned my card over to begin the meat parade, the gauchos appeared out of nowhere like the wonderful meat fairies that they are. All the cuts of meat were cooked perfectly and seasoned even better (if that's possible!). The one thing that I really enjoyed was they had a picture menu of all their meats on every table. Which allowed us to make special requests of meats we may have missed or meats we really enjoyed. All the gauchos remembered what my preferred temperature for my meat was and only had to ask me once. If I had my card green face up, but said no to a cut of meat they would ask if I had special request, that meat would come out within minutes. My favorite meats were the top sirloin, Lamb leg, and lamb chop, although all the meats were wonderful. I even tried the chicken hearts! Their chimicurri sauce was addicting, I put it on every meat and it enhanced all the flavors! I have to say, that their quality and selection of meats was on par with Fogo, Texas, & Chama.The service was impeccable. The servers were prompt with refilling our water before they even got half empty, asking if we needed anything, as well as pulling our chairs out when we came back to our seats when we went to the salad bar or restroom. I never thought I would get better service at Galpao Gaucho versus their chain competitors.Truth be told, I'll probably never go to a chain churrascaria again, and will save all my unlimited meaty adventures for Galpao Gaucho! I didn't just give the 5 stars to Galpao Gaucho, they earned each and every one of them!
<review# 924,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2014,11/6/2014,25,319,3,5,3>I'm a fan. I used to visit another store in town, but became disenchanted with them after a few visits. This one, however, has been pretty good. I love the produce, which is why I predominately go. My kiddos can eat pounds of fruit in a week! :) Important to know: Wednesdays are the best at Sprouts -- that day they honor the week before and the current week's sales! Score! All in all - I'll definitely be back.
<review# 925,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2014,11/5/2014,41,136,3,3,3>Great food, wine list and atmosphere! Oyster sliders were my favorite...I like anything with Hollandaise sauce! The Mediterranean Branzino was excellent with olives and fennel. The service is excellent. if you don't know what to order, leave it to them!
<review# 926,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2014,11/4/2014,17,224,3,5,2>I have not found a better place in this city. To me, their sesame chicken is perfection.
<review# 927,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2014,11/3/2014,43,77,5,8,7>The old place deserved five stars and this one deserves more. San Antonio's best patisserie now also serves killer breakfast and lunch. To boot the space is warm, inviting and beautiful. It is great seeing folks who stick to making quality products with absolutely no compromise and move up. As much as I adored the quaint cottage the old Bakery Lorraine was, I am even more excited for their new venture at the Pearl.
<review# 928,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2014,11/2/2014,64,132,1,4,3>Wait, how does this place only have 1 other review?! That doesn't make ANY sense. It is FANTASTIC. I would imagine it would have tons of reviews since it's been open so long and is really such an amazing little playhouse. Anyway, we came here for a date night to see two one act plays: Haiku and Tuesdays with Morrie. We got free tickets,  which is what brought us all the way out to New Braunfels  (we live in San Antonio). The entrance area has pictures up of all the productions they've done, and had a small concession with wine, drinks, and different candies. Nothing excessive but enough choices to find something you like. The theater itself has actual raised seating so no matter where you sit you'll likely have a good view. Each of the seats has someone's name engraved into the arm rests; donors of the theater. Before the show started the director (I think) came out and thanked us for coming, asked people to be respectful of the actors and have a great time. We were sitting about 3 rows from the stage and let me tell you it was intense. The actors are incredibly talented and when they look out at that third wall, straight into your eyes, it is powerful. I cried during both shows they were so good (these shows were more serious in nature). It was opening night so they had a champagne reception with snacks after the shows ended. We had an overall amazing time. My boyfriend immediately signed us up on the mailing list and we both agreed we'd be coming back, free tickets or not.
<review# 929,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2014,11/1/2014,123,216,8,8,8>Have you ever read a menu and come across an item that just sounds really, really weird and possibly gross, but you end up trying it anyway and it happens to be the BEST THING EVER? That's pretty much what happened to me when I tried Slider Provider for the first time. Like the name implies, Slider Provider specializes in sliders, rather than full size hamburgers. They sell a combo with two or three sliders in it, but they don't have to be all of the same slider, which is nice. That made me a little more confident in getting what I thought would be a questionable slider. That slider is called the Goobster: a peanut butter and jelly bacon cheeseburger. Sounds horrible. Tastes AMAZING. Peanut butter clearly goes with everything, but I had serious reservations about jelly and cheese together. Somehow, it works. For my other slider choice was the Cowboy from Hell, a chicken slider (which was piece of chicken breast rather than a patty made from ground chicken) topped with serrano peppers, tabasco pickles and hot sauce. Despite all that, it really wasn't all that spicy, but it was delicious. For the most part, the chicken was nice and juicy and the pickles provided a nice crunch. While it took forever for us to get through the long line at the McNay's 2nd Thursday event, it didn't take long to get our food once we ordered. Like, less than 3 minutes. Those guys don't waste time!
<review# 930,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2014,10/31/2014,16,33,1,7,4>So one day my friend invites me to breakfast says lets go to Las Kekas, Well to my surprise this turned out to be a true adventure in Mexican food. Now like a few have mentioned below here this place is not your everyday Mexican food place, Las Kekas  brings to S.A Mexican food that is rooted deep in Mexico, flavors that have not been tasted in S.A, If you are looking for the next step in traditional Mexican food Las Kekas is the place whether for breakfast or dinner you will be pleasantly surprise as to what you have been missing. Thanks to the entire staff you made our visit an enjoyable one
<review# 931,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2014,10/30/2014,118,76,5,5,5>ALL THE WAY LUPE!!!!There is absolutely nothing bad that I can say about Lupe tortilla.  I've heard others complain about the wait time, however, we've had exceptional luck every time we've come (and we go quite often) and haven't had to wait more than 10 minutes for a table.  The wait staff has always been accommodating and kind to us as well.  This last time we went for an early Saturday dinner (after a long day on the golf course) and were so grateful for the amazing, quick, thorough and pleasant service we received.  Our waiter went above and beyond to ensure everything came out perfectly.  The food at Lupe is (in my opinion) some of the best in San Antonio.  Oddly enough one of my favorite foods from Lupe is the rib appetizer!  Delicious, split it with a friend, you will love it.  Next, you have to get the fajitas... I think the meal is FAR too big to eat yourself, so I would split that as well.  It's a TON of food, absolutely amazing, the tortillas are homemade, the guac and salsa are outstanding, I'm impressed every time!I love the indoor outdoor feeling you get with their bar/patio.  It's open, really reminds me of a resort style bar in Mexico (love).    So here's the breakdown:1. Some people complain of a long wait time (so expect that, it's good food!)2. Get the Ribs, Get the Fajitas - best things on the menu!! 3. Happy Hour, yes they have one, delicious margaritas!!  4. Enjoy the atmosphere, beautiful outside at night on the patio, love the fire pits and ambiance!I say it's great for date night, when you aren't rushed and want to have a cocktail or two and enjoy the atmosphere.  It's a little spend-y but I think worth it.
<review# 932,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2014,10/29/2014,179,165,3,8,5>I stumbled upon Mid-point Grill upon finding out that Taps y Tapas had changed their hours AGAIN and weren't open for lunch except for Fridays... Located in the old Green building, the interior hasn't changed much from it's greener days :) They have lunch specials which includes fries and a drink! They also have a grilled cheese/soup lunch special! I ordered the daily special- the chicken sandwich, and it was oh-so-yummy! It had bacon on it, and ranch! The fries were really tasty, too. From talking to my server, it sounds like they use ingredients that are local and organic. Everything was tasty and fresh and good and I will definitely be back!
<review# 933,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2013,5/22/2013,130,134,3,6,5>The best indoor rodeo in the world!  The competition was up to the challenge tonight.Toby Keith put on an outstanding concert.  It was really great that he brought some of our military up on the stage for a couple of his songs!Only complaint - wish they had more space between the rows of seats.
<review# 934,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2013,5/21/2013,285,134,4,13,8>LOVE this place! Best places are mostly found by word of mouth or by YELP.  A good friend told me about this hidden gem tucked away in an office park.  It actually is a working warehouse.  It supplies a lot of food for many hotels and restaurants here in San Antonio.  After hearing about this gem and trying some of their food at a party, I had to go.  So I made my way.  It was a little tricky to find, but worth the hunt.  It's a family owned business that is now open to the public and thank God, because now I can find some amazing delights from South America and Europe.  When I first got there, this nice lady(can't remember her name) gave me a tour of warehouse.  And off I go to shop.  My better half found Mr. Tango which is a blood sausage from Argentina, and its phenomenal!  They also have an olive bar and a variety of olive oils.  They have a deli counter that has some amazing cheeses and a variety of salami and prosciutto.  I also found (my favorite) foie gras in the freezer section!   I was in heaven!!   There was so many different spices, and different foods that I wanted to try,  I felt like a kid in a candy store. So if you like to cook, or know someone who does, this is a place to check out.  Sign up on their email list (either there or on their website) and they will send you their  weekly specials.
<review# 935,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2013,5/20/2013,60,309,2,7,4>Think about it.  Just how many places can you go to and be treated on your first visit as if it was your 10th year.  The owner/gm Brandon just struck up a conversation with everyone that walked in including me.  Not just a "Hi", but this guy knew some of the guests there already and was polite to the rest of us.  Simple decor, nothing fancy but some great shots or what I would think is the "Signature Hot Dogs" and a big menu with a variety of dogs and sandwiches.   I have since been there a few more times since the initial visit and I have never been disappointed.  Service is perfect, food is great, always clean, and mostly always a crowd.  You may have to park what some "mumbled" far, but it's not.  Get your cardio in... lol.  Here are a few tips, there is a condiment called "Stadium Mustard" which they have delivered from somewhere up north.  It's really good mustard on the dogs I have tried.  Also, the Pineapple Ketchup is a unique change to dip your fries and you MUST TRY THE PORK-N-BEANS.  In-house recipe.  I was impressed..   They have a website, so you can choose what you want before you get there and have carry-out.   Go give it a try.   Tell em Touchet sent ya..  I have posted several photos ..
<review# 936,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2013,5/19/2013,106,165,6,6,7>Someone kick me in the ass.  Why the hell did it take me so long to come here?Great little park just on the outskirts of town with a great selection of trucks all serving tasty, creative food.Even if you don't go for the food, go for the beer.  Yes. I said it.  The beer-craft beer that is.  The selection is pretty great and got to taste some gems I would not normally access to unless I'm in San Marcos or the ATX.The atmosphere is really laid back and they have outdoor and indoor seating.  The indoor seating is pretty cool, with art hanging on the walls and a projector for your tv viewing pleasure.As an added bonus, they have a playground for your little ones.The owners and their staff are super friendly and incredibly nice (we were there last night and my friend forgot her jacket and the owner let her borrow hers).  Talk about Texas hospitality!It just doesn't get any better than this.
<review# 937,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2013,5/18/2013,54,86,3,3,3>This truck is putting out some outstanding food! The duck confit tacos are just a little bit of heaven.  When I bite into the duck confit tacos, there is a moment of pure splendor as pineapple, crunchy duck, cream and cilantro come together.  I don't eat the, as often as I should, it might make my life more complete.All the other food on the truck is good, banh mi sandwiches seem to be everyone's new favorite, but I'm gonna stick with the duck.As always follow them on twitter and Facebook to find out where they're hanging out
<review# 938,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2013,5/17/2013,70,122,2,5,3>Pros: outstanding coffee, outstanding serviceCons: I wish that Local Coffee would open a location closer to the Medical Center, but a rushed cup of coffee in the busy Med Center would be against the principles of Local Coffee, and rightly soI love Local Coffee, this location in particular. It feels comfortable and, to be honest, a little less pretentious than the Alamo Heights location. Don't get me wrong, the Alamo Heights clientele are okay, but I prefer the Stone Oak location. Anyway, I am so happy that, along with Brown Coffee Company, San Antonio has an outstanding, honest-to-goodness coffeehouse with serious coffee chefs. Though Local Coffee does not roast their own beans, they have a stellar selection of roasted beans either to buy and take home or to drink at the coffeehouse. This includes Mad Cap, Counter Culture, Intelligentsia, and Cuvee.I particularly enjoyed my visit to this location because I sat at the bar in front of the espresso machine and had a very nice conversation with the barista. Jason, whom I highly recommend you go see at the Stone Oak location, was amazing. He somehow managed to carry on a great conversation with me, prepare beverages, and communicate with the cashier. Sitting at the bar and talking with the coffee chef definitely has its benefits. Jason was nice enough to let my girlfriend and me sample delicious hot chocolate, which we were curious to try. Rich, smooth, creamy, toasty, coconut-ish, and marshmellow-y is how I would describe the complex flavor of the lactose-free frothed milk and homemade chocolate sauce concoction. Jason also shared that Local Coffee is in talks with other famous coffee roasters, whose beans they currently do not sell, to bring their product to Local Coffee. Though I promised Jason that I would not name the companies they are in talks with, they are highly acclaimed, nationally famous roasters with a large following.My only complaint is that I wish Local Coffee had a location closer to my home in the Medical Center. Talking with Jason about this issue, he brought up a great point: the Medical Center's working professionals are typically in a hurry when getting their cup of coffee or coffee drink. This goes against the principles of Local Coffee. Coffee and coffee drinks should be meticulously prepared by the barista and slowly savored by the drinker. So, while the Medical Center might not be an ideal location for another Local Coffee, I think a location around Huebner or De Zevala and IH-10 would be much better. Who knows if this will happen? I can only dream over my cup of Local Coffee.
<review# 939,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2012,5/16/2013,200,68,4,4,2>All I can say is DAAAAAAAAYUM!We were at Friendly Spot knockin back a couple beers when we started getting hungry. Of course there was NO WAY we were eating at Friendly Spot, so we started looking on Yelp for some ideas. Expecting to be reminded of a host of familiar favorites, we were intrigued when something unexpected floated to the top of the Yelp pool: HOT JOY. With a name like that, we knew we had to look further. Turns out, Hot Joy is chef Quealy Watson's pop-up, located at his former home, The Monterey. Starting off with some tasty and fruity sake, we perused the well-appointed menu of smallish plates. Most items were between $7-14, and all sounded badass. We tried a good number of vegetarian dishes, such as a delicious soft tofu, and the sock-knockingly awesome kale-based Tiger Salad. In addition, my comrades and I made choosings from some amazing meat candy options. Chief among these was a pornographically delicious pho-inspired beef cheek that was literally disintegrating in my chopsticks. And that's only some of what we had at our table. And against his better instincts, my buddy ordered General Tso's chicken. Turns out, it was a completely fresh take on the classic roundeye fave. Holy bejeezus, was it all friggin good. And for dessert? More sake. No wonder I remember it so fondly. Go there. Prepare for a thorough culinary face melting.
<review# 940,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2013,5/15/2013,37,132,5,12,6>I am in LOVE with this place. My co-worker and I went on a cupcake testing spree in hopes of finding a place to use for a birthday party. This place was hands down the best. We ended up ordering an assortment of 36 cupcakes for the party and there was not one person that was disappointed. Their "filled" cupcakes are the best! I did have one flavor that I thought was just OK but for the most part, they very flavorful. The frostings are usually something special too. For instance the strawberry frosting has strawberries in it. The boston cream (which is my favorite so far) has a nice glaze of chocolate which is perfect for this particular cupcake. The cupcakes are $2.00 each which I think is very reasonable considering the love that goes into each one. I thought this was actually the same price as a sheet cake at Target or HEB and this way I could get a bunch of different flavors for my guest to pick from. I am totally sold on this place!
<review# 941,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2013,5/14/2013,42,31,5,4,3>I decided to try something new today !  After spending all my life on the Southside and passing by that funky blue building countless times on Pleasanton rd, I have always wanted to eat there, but it is kinda easy to pass up, because the road is soo long !  They have a coupon in this year entertainment book for 5$ off, which btw I got the book free with a new subscription to the the Express-News paper.  I checked the reviews on Yelp first and decided they were good enough to give it a try !  I have to admit the interior looks better than the inside and was expecting it to be a little more fancy inside -kinda ordinary looking despite having a fancy sounding name.  I ordered the Shrimp Enchilada plate and for $8.95 this was totally worth it, because not only do you get the enchiladas, you get garlic soup as an appetizer, and your plate comes with French fries, rice pilaf and a little salad ( lettuce) .  The garlic soup smelled kinda weird, but my mom said she loved it, so that was a good sign !  I started to eat mine and I really liked it too.   The 3 shrimp enchiladas were amazing with melted cheese on top and tangy lime cilantro sauce.  I did really good with my choice - the price was right and we were really satisfied with the great taste and service !   I highly recommend the Shrimp enchiladas, for being the first time trying them -I'm soo glad I took the chance and tried something new and refreshingly good  !  I did have one little complaint though- the ranch dressing I asked for , for my little salad was not really ranch dressing but I think goat milk cream ??  The waitress spoke very little English, so I think maybe she didn't understand ! Lol
<review# 942,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2013,5/13/2013,138,159,3,7,7>This review is way overdue on my part. So I really really like The Fruteria a lot. It's sort of in my hood and I'm thrilled for the new-ish addition. Like their slogan says it's a Fruteria by day and Botana by night. During the day they have such great breakfast/lunch/brunch menus. In stock with fresh fruit cups, granola bowels filled with seasonal fruit, scrumptious tortas, fresh pressed juices and a number of yummy treats. The salads are now one of my favorite things. I seriously crave the Manzana salad. Who craves salad? Not this girl.  It is defiantly a must try. Alcohol is served during brunch hours. I highly recommend the mango mimosa.  By night the tequila gets to pouring with their yummy fruit infused drinks and scrumptious botanas (snacks) for dining. Sharing plates is something you want to do at night. The guacamole is always refreshing, the queso fresco en salsa de chile guajillo is served with little corn tortillas and the flavors are just amazing. Everything we've tried had a nice kick to it. Even the spicy peanuts were tasty. The drinks are worth the price and going through the menu is always an adventure. I don't think I've had a drink here that has left me disappointed.
<review# 943,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2012,12/30/2012,285,293,4,6,4>Great coffee, lots of outlets, plenty of seating, and free wifi. I often need to leave my house to get some real work done, and Local Coffee is where I like to go to work and also people watch. The iced chai is less sweet here than at other cafes, and that's what keeps me coming back.
<review# 944,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2012,12/29/2012,59,97,2,2,3>Bf had a craving for "NY style" pizza. Did a search on Yelp - lo and behold this wonderful establishment. The owner provided us excellent, dedicated service, and they were fairly busy with to go/delivery orders (yes, they deliver!). I saw a drive-thru window, which I'm sure they utilize as well.Menu showed a $6 lunch special, and it seems you can order by the slice. The two of us had a 14" pepperoni pizza and garlic knots -- this was enough to satisfy our appetite, and was reasonably priced as well. Pizza: though it wasn't as thin to be considered truly NY, it was pretty good, and had a great crust. Garlic knots: Don't tell anyone...but I'm planning on ordering about 3 dozen of those babies for the next office potluck, and claiming as "semi-homemade".I had a pretty good experience here, and they definitely gained new fans. I'll be back to try one of their pasta dishes next time.
<review# 945,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2012,12/28/2012,99,428,5,10,10>Firstly, I have to say I am a huge fan of the Boardwalk on Bulverde. I go there every single weekend and check out some of my favorite trucks. This weekend the BoB was closed due to electrical issues and I had to find somewhere to share my food truck love. I've heard great things about The Point, plus it's extremely close to my house so this was a no-brainer, I HAD to go.The location is fantastic. Right off Boerne Stage Rd and I-10. When you get there, it's not very obvious unless there are a lot of cars (which on a Friday there usually is). The parking is sort of a pain because they have two small parking areas, the rest you have to park on the street which isn't a big deal. When we walked in, there is a huge jungle gym for the kiddos and a basketball hoop. Immediately, you see lots of seating areas, definitely gives you "The Friendly Spot" feel! There was five trucks tonight, all of which were different so there was quite a lot of variety. Two words: FULL BARYESSSSSSS! This was fantastic. They had all sorts of different beers, wines and mixed drinks. You could open a tab and just get drink after drink after drink which is handy. Every day they are open they have a different special, Friday was $2.50 dos xx and Sunday's are $4 sangrias and $2.50 mimosas! Yummy! Really neat. Bartenders are super friendly too, especially if you tip them *hint hint*.The trucks are great. There's a lot of different variety and there are different trucks that park here on different lunches and evenings! Also, there is a small house-like structure which is full of art. There's some seating inside, plus there's an ATM which is a bonus! Restrooms are also well taken care of and are inside too. All-in-all, a FABULOUS food truck park here in San Antonio. Another great addition for our mobile foodies. ;)
<review# 946,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2012,12/27/2012,1439,1280,19,15,16>Are you kidding me?  I can't check-in because my GPS says I'm "too far" from here?  I'm standing in the middle of this place talking to one of the employees!  Arrgh!Sorry about that folks.  It's almost lunch and yours truly is getting cranky for some food and a nap.Another geocaching adventure took me off the main drag in NB and my partner in crime and I inadvertantly found Got Toys.  At first my freaky side thought it was an adult store.  But then I realized I was wrong.  No worries - I still love this place!  If you're familiar with Toy Joy in Austin, then you already have an idea of some of the things to expect here.  Lunchboxes and coffee mugs adorned with The Avengers, Star Wars, and Superman... magnets that say, "Jesus would slap the sh.t out of you." (of which yours truly did end up buying)... magic kits... stuffed animals/plushies... and everything in between.The prices were very comparable to that of Toy Joy (or Spencers if you're not family with TJ).  Parking is cramped but I noticed customers parking at the curbs around this business too.   Employees are UBER friendly!  If you want to see something in action, just let them know and they're more than happy to demonstrate the items for you.
<review# 947,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2012,12/26/2012,113,243,3,3,3>Yum! Stopped in today for my first time to grab something to go for lunch.  Very impressed!  Half the place is a normal upscale type of grocery store and then there is an entire other section that is all prepared foods and meals to go.  Its almost overwhelming all the choices you have!  The food looks great and seemed very fresh, most of the different food counters were making it as people were ordering.It was crowded, but obviously they know their lunch crowd and checkout was a breeze and fast!   For San Antonio newbies like me, Central Market is actually owned by HEB.  My friends at work were teasing me that some people call it the GUCC-E-B because its fancy smancy!  They also have stations to charge your electric car...
<review# 948,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2012,12/25/2012,106,165,5,4,4>Been eyeballing this tiny shack for a couple of weeks and decided to try it tonight.Damn. For a little place, their shit is pretty good!We had the carne asada mini taquitos and 2 tacos norteños, chicken and asada.The mini taquitos got great reviews by the girlfriend. They came with standard onions and cilantro.On the tacos norteño, i thought the chicken lacked flavor but the asada was outstanding.What makes these tacos are their homemade. Yes. Let me say it again. Homemade flour tortillas. I normally don't eat flour tortillas and just eat the filling but these suckers were cooked to perfection: a nice crunch on the outside while preserving the softness inside.Think of it this way. Like good barbecue does not need barbecue sauce, taco fillings should stand on its own without the help of salsa. The tortilla is just the vessel to get these tasty bites into your gut. However, the tortilla at this place, really elevated the tacos-went from not liking the chicken to scarfing that lil fucker down. And the asada, well, that lil mofo never had a chance-gone in 60 seconds.Lesson of the story boys and girls, don't judge a food truck by it's spinners.
<review# 949,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2012,12/24/2012,46,6,5,10,6>Pier 67 Ocean Grill serves up the best fish tacos you'll likely ever find in San Antonio. And It consistently does this from a very unassuming food truck at the 281 food park. While their truck may be pretty straightforward, their food is anything but that. Their fish tacos are offered in a variety of styles to suit your tastes: I opted to try their Baja and Chipotle Cream styles. Both were absolutely delicious, sporting fresh toppings and featuring perfectly fried fish nestled in corn tortillas. The fish was neither oily, undercooked  or dried out and had the right amount of bite to make this taco perfectly balanced texturally. The flavor of the fish was mild but flavorful enough to not get drowned out by its accompanying sauce and toppings. And those toppings and sauce worked in perfect union with the fish to take this taco to heights of flavor only dreamed of by other contenders to the throne of "best fish taco".  I also sampled their ceviche tostada, and this too was tasty. I opted to add a little of their hot sauce (El Yucatero, Red and Green Habanero) to this as I felt it needed a little kick. The flavors in their ceviche are bold and stood up well to the addition of that heat and the crunch of the tostada was most welcome and complimented the whole experience perfectly. And finally, I have to mention their fries which I also enjoyed immensely. They use crinkle-cut fries which they sprinkle with what appears to be a light touch of seasoned salt after coming out of the hot oil. The fries have always been cooked correctly when I've ordered them and are accompanied by a chipotle cream sauce for dipping. This sauce takes the relatively ordinary fries and elevates them to more than just a mundane side-order. These were very gratifying. Overall, Pier 67 really knows what they're doing and if you are looking for a fish taco that you'll forever compare all other fish tacos to, this is the place for it!
<review# 950,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2012,12/23/2012,78,74,4,8,5>After eating at three other highly rated Mediterranean restaurants, and pretty much agreeing on their 4 star reviews, we were shocked to see this 5 star establishment was set up more like a Freebirds than a sit down place. Upon entering we had already lowered our expectations a little, to be honest. This was not due to the place being dirty or anything, we just had expected a full service sit down joint, since we had not bothered to read the reviews completely before showing up.  ;-POkay, this place way exceeded our expectations! Just like in Joey's review, the employees were very helpful and friendly.  They made suggestions and advised us on how to get the most bang for our buck. My wife and I both got a plate dinner and made it a combo, which allowed us to also get a drink and an additional side item. The plates came with the protein of our choice, rice, hummus, vegetable salad, pita bread, numerous add ons, and for our side items we both chose Dolmas. Every part of the meal had amazing flavor and freshness!!! I kept looking at my wife and commenting on how good everything was, and how surprised I was!  Both of our meals came out to $20.55 w/tax, drinks included!  This just became one of our top new "go to" places!  They are open till 10pm nightly, so we can even go late if we need to!
<review# 951,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2012,12/22/2012,31,188,2,5,3>Stopped by for a power lunch... and was so happy I did.  They do a weekday pre fixe for lunch, I think they are calling it the metro lunch, only $12.  Smaller portions, but man... so good.Salad:  Awesome, i think they had like everything in there, including what tasted like mint or something. Light dressing, excellent.Entree: fish and chips. The fish is definitely in a beer batter, you can taste it. Two good sized pieces. Only complaint that it was pollack and not cod. Probably bc of the cost.  I'm not a big fan of pollack, but the batter was killer.  The chips... sort of soggy but still edible.Dessert: Keylime pie. Not your traditional keylime pie.. it's more like a bar ish.. but it's so deliciously limey and tart, with just a lil dusting of the zest... they really took the time with the fresh cream to make a quenelle... it was just heavenly.Other things ordered:  paid a little extra to get a crab cake (extra charge for just the cake versus in a sandwich cus it's a larger portion).  It was definitely crab..., not overkill on the mayo...barely if any... huge lumps of crab, panko... fluffy, not flattened or squished... so good.Onion tart... if you like carmelized onion, you need to give this a try. it's tiny, but savor it... it's this amazing mix of cream cheese and goat cheese (?) topped with a mountain of caramelized onions... Lobster bisque... the only disappointment. It was so overly salty, that i couldn't even eat more than a couple spoon fuls.I want to go back for dessert...  good wait service, I'd have to agree with the others, cheapy decor.. white and blue.. and a little odd seating area, but other than that, the food is so delicious!
<review# 952,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2012,12/21/2012,17,79,3,6,3>This place really worked with me. I gained so much weight between buying the dress and the fitting time (hey, it only takes about 5 pounds to make that dress not fit!) hat it became necessary to get the dress in another size. They were able to get me another and just charge shipping and restock fee. They did a good job with the alterations and when I told them that I was not pleased with something, they fixed it for me to a satisfactory level. I was probably more difficult than most brides, and they worked very well with me and were always curteous.
<review# 953,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2011,5/28/2012,44,42,7,4,5>BRING THE CATS BACK!!! I love this little bookstore! However I hate the fact that they are no longer allowed to keep the cats inside the store! San Antonio told them to 86 the friendly little furballs ) ; however they still have a stellar selection of used books! Every possible category accounted for!... Well maybe not "every" category but they also have a good variety of old retro/antique books and the smell of the inside pages is worth the price alone. Also they have tons of used DVDs and VHS tapes as well so if you're like me and still collect movies to watch movies on your VCR then that alone will be a good reason to frequent nine lives, tons of great titles! They even have a small rack of used but cool clothes (i found a cool retro 80's NASA shirt here for a ridiculously cheap price). So turn off that video game, stop watching Justin Bieber on tv and go find yourself a good book!!! It's time for a reading revival and nine lives book store has books so cheap you can purr about it all the way to your favorite reading chair. P.s. Meow.
<review# 954,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2012,5/27/2012,54,86,8,10,9>Truth: I hugged the owner when she described her idea of brunch :)  These ladies are cooking up some good, ol' fashion, no bean havin', greasy, spicey, make you wanna slap your momma its so good, chili.  I had the Roosevelt, and man oh man was it delicious!  Tamales, fritos, chili, and an over easy egg on top with cilantro.  Since I'm a perfect bite kind of girl i mashed it all up together and it was so yummy.  The chili is just ground meat with no beans (cause this is texas, ya'll) and the real spice was on the back end, so you may take your first bite and think "oh this ain't so bad" and then it'll hit you, and it'll keep on hitting you with every bite you take.  I talked to the owner after dinner and she gave me the history of the name of the truck.  Apparently, these ladies are not the first chili queens, back in the early part of the 1900's there were chili queens out on the streets serving the local workers and then health codes were invented and they had to shut down, so now they're back in their new food truck for the first time since the 40's.  so yay! for incorporating local history into your new local business.These lovely ladies are setting up shop at alamo eat street bar (the old Acapulco drive-in)
<review# 955,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2012,5/26/2012,17,47,2,7,3>Well then, I didn't expect to have such a blissful dinner.  I would be remiss not to recommend Bliss.  I insist that you dine at Bliss.Ok, that's out of my system, let's talk.  It can be risky dining at a restaurant that is younger than the wine you enjoy during dinner.  With this in mind, my expectations were not high going in to my most recent visit to Bliss.  I can safely say that whatever my expectations were, they were greatly surpassed.Bliss has a clean, airy feel to the interior having plenty of windows and exposed brick walls in the main dining room.  The bar has limited seating and the front room can get crowded but there is ample overflow out front and on the back patio. The menu succeeds in that guests are not overwhelmed with options and those presented are creative without being exclusive.  We greatly enjoyed the raw bar whereby fresh oysters were accompanied with a delicate vinegar and onion sauce.  The salads struck me as balanced in flavor and were perfect courses for us.The scallop entrée featured carefully cooked scallops seated on top of spinach and grits which had excellent flavor without the sometimes typical overpowering dose of butter.  Normally I am harsh on scallops as an entrée but this is one of the few I look forward to ordering in the future.  The duck dish was beautiful.  The flavors of the duck and foie gras accompanied with a really good black pepper sauce stuck with me.  I prefer my duck a little more rare than it was served on the last occasion here but this is not something that will preclude me from trying it again.The grapefruit tiramisu was phenomenal.  On paper I was not very excited to give this a shot but I was fully won-over by this show-stopper.  Don't let me convince you because you should really try it yourself and render your own opinion.  If you end up enjoying it as much as I did, you can't say I didn't warn you.I think others have commented on the wine list.  My thoughts are that the price ranges will accommodate all customers.  The varietal offerings were thoughtful but I might like to see different bottles offered to that end. Reservations via OpenTable were easy and resulted in being seated quickly.  You should call if you are interested in experiencing the Chef's table.  Plenty of parking is available.  Oh, and the coffee was great!  Attention to detail.  Cheers to Bliss!
<review# 956,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2011,5/25/2012,60,112,3,4,4>Being new to sushi, I am discovering the difference between good and not so good sushi.  Niki's Tokyo is simply amazing.We were greeted right away and waited about 10 minutes before we sat down.  The place is small, and you have the option between sitting down Japanese style, western style, or at the sushi bar.  Being that this was our first time, we opted for western style.I am a fan of the Kirin Ichiban beer so I ordered the 22 oz beer.  My wife ordered the Japanese green tea and being the tea connoisseur that she is, she loved it.I may have been over my head when I ordered the sushi mix when I ordered the seven piece mix.  The sushi is extremely large, but I've read that it is acceptable to grab the sushi with your fingers.  So I did.  My favorite is definitely the salmon and tuna.  I also discovered that I am not a fan of the octopus.Overall, my first visit to this restaurant was an awesome experience.  Great service and great food.
<review# 957,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2012,5/24/2012,25,23,3,5,4>I work for Bike World these days and I kept seeing Local Coffee Logo's all over our Bib Shorts and riding jersey's I knew there was a coffee shop some where near just never had time to search for it. However today I was just doing some cruising and stumbled across a little shopping center tucked away on Sonterra and as luck would have it Local Coffee was right at the corner. I could not pass this opportunity up even tho I had just guzzled down a grande coffee from Starbucks. Pulled up and was greeted with the laughter of two little girls sitting on a picnic table outside the chocolate bricked building fiddling with crayons and pieces of a split muffin while the mother read a paper in the brisk spring air. Opening the doors there was no blinding light to shock me as I opened the large door just the soft dim light glow of the outside accompanied by a few wall lights shinning onto funky little paintings. Oak little tables stood scattered about the room. Couches were nestled in the back corner with larger tables near by for those in need of some work space. As I turned towards the counter I am quickly greeted with a smile and beautiful place, sweet smelling treats. Pumpkin muffins, Pecan crusted Apple muffins, Coffee Cakes, Bagels, spread out and ready for the picking. Chalkboard colored boards dangle off the wall with many different options. I was distracted by the first item and decided not to look any further, French Press Coffee for only 2.00 umm yes that is for me. You are giving a very unique option upon ordering; to go or for here pretty standard however if you drink it there you can drink out of really big mugs :) I love coffee and coffee mugs, but I had to have it to go because I did need to get myself to work eventually. But having the option really added five points to this already swanky atmosphere. Soft music flew in the air, bouncing off the black colored rafters above and falling down to the chocolate covered floors only to bounce back up to my ears. I tried out the sofa and took a few pictures of the art dangling near by. FYI sofa was very comfortable. The room was calm and the coffee scent was flying. My pumpkin muffin was moist and tasty. Then my french pressed coffee........look out Aspen's Brew and Starbucks....Local Coffee just took the whole cake for me and being that I work across the street, I knew after  one sip, no coffee can come close to this. Which was not even one of there specialty coffees! That is the real kicker right there, I can not wait to go back and try everything else Local Coffee has to offer. Looking for a great Atmosphere, Great coffee, or just a nice place to relax check out Local Coffee. Best coffee shop in SA that I have found. Great service, Great products, just Great. My words can honestly not do this place an ounce of justice you just have to go in and check it out for yourself.
<review# 958,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2012,5/23/2012,18,125,,7,1>My daughter and I went here today on the recommendation of a friend and I was not disappointed.  From what I have heard the owner is Vietnamese from Louisiana and hence the bifurcated menu options - you have Cajun  on one side and Vietnamese on the other, but dang it works.We got pho, a grilled pork + rice dish, and popcorn shrimp and fries.  To begin, the pho was basic but good - I'll be going back.  The grilled pork and rice dish at first seemed under-seasoned on appearance but I thoroughly enjoyed it once it crossed my lips, so I learned again to not overvalue the "look" of things.  Finally, the real standout was the popcorn shrimp, which makes we wonder how good the other Cajun items are on the menu.  Somehow the shrimp inside the perfect breading encasement was tender, sweet -- I just really can't describe it but I could have eaten pounds of that stuff and although I will check out for Heaven two days earlier than originally scheduled, I'll take it for that heart attack-inducing shrimpy goodness.I can't wait to go back with my wife and try the banh mi sandwiches and the boiled seafood options - I saw two little old ladies gorging on boiled crab and it looked scrumptious.
<review# 959,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2012,5/22/2012,157,156,,4,5>I LOVE this place. I was introduced to this place by my boss. She came to a bachelorette party and had a great time so we picked a class and did it together as team building. Since then, I've come to three more classes.These are fun, very beginner oriented painting classes. They're not serious lessons. You can bring in your own alcohol and snacks to enjoy during the lesson. The instructors make it easy as pie to make your own beautiful creation.All of the instructors are very friendly and approachable. Within two trips the owner and one of the instructors knew who I was. I cannot recommend this place enough.
<review# 960,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2012,5/21/2012,28,83,2,4,2>NOsH is one of my favorite late afternoon spots to meet up with people I like to have drinks and share small plates of food with.The ideal trip to Nosh should go like this.Find friend you haven't talked to in ages that you've been meaning to catch up with.Commit an afternoon at Nosh between the hours of 4 to 6, where you can then proceed to doing something different afterwards like seeing a Movie, Play, or Proper bar hop.Nosh offers a small plate special between said hours of 4~6pm where you can pick up one offering : Green Chilli Macaroni for a regular price and you can select a second for only a dollar.   Highly recommend pairing said Mac n' Cheese with the breaded Shrimp.Happy Hour also happens to coincide with the small plate offerings so be sure to try out some of their drinks.   I recommend the Bloody Mary offered here... they make sure to have the vodka soak with a variety of things to heighten the drink experience.
<review# 961,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2011,5/20/2012,37,47,1,1,1>Oh man. I loved this place. First, you walk in, and the ambience catches you. Big, open ceilings that go up to catwalks and staircases that belong in an old quarry. Stone archways that are just gorgeous. Then you start smelling the different dishes as they go by...all SUCH good smells. They bring you chips and salsa...but the chips...wow. They have a basket with a mix of sweetly seasoned chips, some savory, and the salsa is tasty without a lot of fiery spice. The service was ok, but the manager did make it by to ask how everything was. I could barely answer because I was so busy eating. The fish taco was really something. Nice crisp taco shell with an actual fish filet in the shell. Nothing else. The fish was tasty, nicely cooked, and juicy. The pitcher of margaritas could have been left behind, since it didn't seem to have any alcohol in it, but it was still tasty. I look forward to going again, and frankly, can't wait to get more of those chips.
<review# 962,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2012,5/19/2012,25,26,4,11,6>This place is pure genius and I would like to hug whoever thought it up. I kept seeing it and I wondered "is it a restaurant"?. Is it a store? Is it something like Nutrisystem? That was my big fear. That I would walk in and it would be some salesperson trying to pressure me into spending hundreds of dollars for a weight loss plan with a slick sales pitch. But My Fit Foods is not that. It just fresh healthy food portioned out for you so it takes the guess work out of diet. You can walk in and just buy one meal for a quick lunch if you want or you can choose to take the 21 day challenge in which you meet a nutritionist (free) and they put together a plan for you. All you need to do is go pick it up twice a week at the store.I know a lot about diet and exercise so I really didn't need the nutritionist. I just needed to take the guesswork out of calorie counting, carb count, and glycemic index and it's AWESOME.  I also get bored with food so I need a lot of variety and frozen dinners are nasty. So you are sayin....yeah but what about the food? I can tell you it's delicious. Think about all those nasty Lean Cuisines you've had in your life tying to lose weight? It's NOTHING like that at all. It's fresh food. Today I had: lean lemon turkey (spicy ground turkey with some asparagus and rice), hummus snack, Miguel's tacos (black beans shredded chicken pico de gallo), a raw chocolate truffle, a protein cookie (which was as good as a regular fresh baked cookie) and 2 protein shakes with low fat peanut butter. It does get pricy (I spend about 21-25 dollars for a full days worth of meals) so that why I have protein shakes for two meals. But the vast variety and low calorie count of everything let's me eat about 5-6 tasty meals a day so I don't feel deprived in any way. I love trying all the different things they have!The ideal customer for this is probably someone like me: Single, doesn't  have time to cook, doesn't cook for others, needs something convenient. Others might find doing this plan daily expensive if they also have to buy groceries for their family. However, it would also be a great idea for stocking up on work lunches and snacks so you eat healthier at work and don't succumb to all those office temptations and lunchtime buffets and then go home and eat a huge dinner. Really impressed with the whole concept of this. If you always dreamed of ordering those prepared diet meals that all the Hollywood stars get delivered to their mansions so they can look fabulous all the time, this is as close as it gets.
<review# 963,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2009,5/30/2010,176,153,2,11,5>La Fonda on Main is one of the best mexican restaurants in San Antonio, and that's saying something! Not to be confused with the other two mediocre La Fonda's in SA - this one is owned by Cappy and Suzy Lawton (The owners of Cappy's on Broadway), which is probably why it's SOOO good. They have some of the best margaritas in town, authentic interior mexican food, interesting specials and good service. The hostess has been there for at least 30 years (She was there when I was a little kid) and knows all the regulars. La Fonda is located in a charming old Spanish Revival style converted house on N Main in the Monte Vista Historic District. The place has great atmosphere, one of the best patios in the city and a nice party room in the back as well.
<review# 964,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2010,5/29/2010,43,54,4,7,6>I hate that this bar is in Stone Oak because I don't like driving up there. If it was closer to my pad or towards a neighborhood I enjoyed going more, I would be a regular for happy hour. Having read about the place before it even opened, I went in prepared to spend $8 on a martini. They infuse their own alcohols and use fresh-squeezed juices, so I'm down to pay. Do you realize how many terrible margaritas I've paid $6-8 for? Do you really? So, no big deal to spend a little cash on a beautiful, well-prepared drink, as far as I'm concerned.It was happy hour on a weekday, and moderately crowded with a good mix of people. Some older folks and younger guys and gals. Office types and plain clothes peeps. We sat at the bar and the service was decent. Nothing to write home about, but fine. I wasn't in a hurry.Got a spicy cucumber margarita. Holy crap. Tasted like delicious, vodka-y air. So light, and tasted just like cucumber. You couldn't even taste the alcohol - in a good way, not in a "they didn't put enough vodka in" way. Made me very happy. Also, to my pleasant surprise, drinks were $5 for happy hour, not the usual $8. So I had two. Yum. Oh yeah, there is no sign, and you have to kind of go below Ciao2 to an unmarked door. I think there's a green lantern hanging outside.
<review# 965,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2010,5/28/2010,169,227,22,9,5>OMFG.RAVE RAVE RAVE RAVE OMG OMG OMG OMG LOL OMG WTF BBQeel.  I wish I had the words to express how amazing my visit to Niki's Tokyo Inn was tonight.Yes, the place looks like hell from the outside.Yes, the inside looks like it's from the 1970s.Yes, the service is curt (although efficient).Yes, I was worried about having my car stolen from the parking lot.BUT OH YES, that was the single best chirashi I've ever had in my entire life.  Any time I go to a new sushi place, I have the chirashi as it's the most pure way to taste both the rice and fish the establishment.  The rice was *perfect* in every way.  The fish was *outstanding* and served at the proper temperature (room temp, not cold).  I also ordered a spicy tuna hand roll which easily registered as #2 in the best hand rolls I've ever had in my entire life.  The spicy tuna was spicy and full of green onion... the way it should be.  Also notable:  they accept credit cards once again. I stopped at the Valero across the street for cash (but not too much cash in case I was mugged... lol, kidding!) but noticed the guy next to me paying with a credit card.Pro tip:  They're closed on Sunday and Monday.I'm going to head to Target, pick up "The Club" for my car, and head back to Niki's Tokyo Inn at least once a week.  Sushi win in San Antonio!
<review# 966,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2009,5/27/2010,66,221,4,12,7>Oh Boneheadz. So I went to Boneheadz a few days ago with some friends of mine when we felt like going somewhere different. I've been to Boneheadz a couple of times and every time it's hilarious fun. The reason being is that the bar is small and intimate so when you go with friends it feels like it's you're bar alone. The drink specials aren't too bad either. I got a pint of Shinerbock for $3 and it was definitely after happy hour.The bar itself is actually spacious for how small the property is. After you walk through the patio in the front you'll notice there's not only a main floor but an balcony area for even better conversations. The best thing about the place, in my opinion of course, is the jukebox. Let me tell you, once you've got yourself in front of that jukebox you'll discover that it's not a normal one. We unloaded a good amount of dollars and listened to our favorite Radiohead songs and even a Portishead song, and if you know who Portishead is you'll realize this is pretty big. In conclusion...go to Boneheadz. OH, also...Mama Margies is right around the corner. I'm just saying. 2 am tacos.
<review# 967,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2009,5/26/2010,54,286,7,8,7>Uber-luxe lofts designed by San Antonio's late first lady of contemporary art, Linda Pace. The building was originally a candy factory in the '20s; Pace purchased it in 2001. The entire top floor houses her collection of contemporary art, and it's majestic. The bottom floor shows some ArtPace artists in residence, as well. The building overlooks Chris Park, the gorgeous public green space Pace devoted to her son. Floor plans are original, and you may be able to find a couple for sale. Last I heard, management was thinking of selling the building (this was about a year ago). I'm not sure what that would mean for tenants.
<review# 968,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2009,5/25/2010,82,222,6,10,10>The egg salad filling drips off of the toasted panini bread I clutch, splatting indelicately onto the center of my spinach salad. I use my ninja skills to pluck the bit of egg from the honey-mustard drenched leaves and pop it into my mouth with unprecedented speed. My work friend doesn't even notice, too busy munching on her crisp, healthy chips and looking at the new, now available to purchase art work lining the walls. Totally oblivious.Green Tea has become a near-obsession for us. The small interior is warm and alluring, with books to read and comfortable couches to sink into if you, like us, want to take a break from an office chair.There are also small tables with constantly changing centerpieces, if you are of the more upright persuasion. Asian-inspired artwork, books and trinkets provide entertainment while waiting for one of the 4 employees to bring you your lunch. The menu has variety and appeal for the lunch crowd, offering sandwiches, salads, Japanese soups and sushi, dessert crepes, lunch crepes and a plethora of yummy drinks ranging from bubble tea to fresh-fruit smoothies. Prices are reasonable, with most of the main lunch items ranging from 4 - 8 dollars. On cool days, the covered outdoor patio is a nice option, located right next to a small Asian grocery store should you choose to run in for some Miso soup mix. The employees are all very helpful and considerate, even taking time to get to know me and my friend by name (mostly due to our unwavering presence there every Monday). I have to admit, we've been there so often that I can legitimately say, "The usual" when ordering. The effect is that I feel like a rock star. Green Tea will also take orders over the phone and package up your food in nice little plastic boxes for those days when the boss paid attention to when you left. Or for those days when she asked you to get her a Mega-panini (whoa, there!) and an iced tea. Overall, Green Tea provides healthy, belly-satisfying grub in a relaxing and welcoming setting. I can't think of any other place I would rather spend my lunch break.
<review# 969,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2009,5/24/2010,1439,1280,6,11,12>Yummy!  The choices are broad (but not an overload) and the taste is definitely on point.  You can choose 1 meat/2 sides, 2 meats/2 sides, 3 meats, etc or choose between their family specials.  Pricing is average-ish - I got 2 meats/2 sides and plus drink, you're probably talking about 13 bucks give or take.  It was a lot of food!  I got pork ribs and turkey (my sides were mac salad and cheesy 'tatos) and I couldn't even finish it all.  The sauce comes in regular and hot and the hot wasn't even hot at all - it just had a little 'kick' if anything.  Don't get me wrong, I'm not saying that it was bad, I'm just saying not to expect habenero hot or anything.  And the 'hot' cue sauce complemented the meats better than the regular sauce did.A lot of interesting things to look at and take notice of as well.  Signs, signs everywhere - including one that says they were featured on Guy Fieri's "Diners, Drive-ins and Drive Thrus".  And then when you walk up to the entranceway of the place, you see this humongous poster with Guy's autograph and a personal message about Texas Pride.The ladies on the horses directing parking was also an interesting throw to add to the atmosphere of the joint.
<review# 970,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2009,5/23/2010,397,255,10,9,9>This is my 100th review 100!! 100!! 100!! 100!! 100!! 100!! 100!! Did I tell you this is my 100th review. So what other place to give that honor then to the biggest and most visited tourist site in San Antonio The Riverwalk. This is a place that I have been coming to since I was a child, and didn't live in San Antonio. My parents would bring us here from Bryan-College Station about 3 or 4 times a year, and fill us with boredom till we couldn't walk anymore. I never could understand why my parents would never eat at one of of the many restaurants on The Riverwalk, and would choose to eat at Mi Tierra in the Market Square instead. Now that I am an adult I understand why overpriced, and not good to the taste. I have eaten at the few restaurants on The Riverwalk and I have never been thrilled by any, or even amused that I did. I got a big bill, and I was pissed about it the whole night. "I said never again; will I pay to eat here." On top of that getting beat down by the scorching Texas heat can make it a bad experience. On the plus side The Riverwalk offers some cool sights during fiesta, and Christmas time. The Riverwalk plays a cool role for the Texas Cavaliers River Parade, Holiday Parade, and Spurs Victory parades. Taking a ride on one of the river boats is a cool thing to do during Christmas time. I like how the lights shine, it always seem to amuse my boys. I'm looking forward to seeing what the new Riverwalk expansion is going to look with all the Christmas lights. Hearing the history of the place while on a river boat makes it an interesting tourist site. I like to stop and enjoy the ambiance and have a beer or a cup coffee.  These things are what makes The Riverwalk one of a kind.So five stars for The Riverwalk for the cool sights, and for the things you can do when you can take the Texas heat.  It's the place to take your visiting family and friends. San Antonio is the heart of Texas, and The Riverwalk is the heart San Antonio.  BTW Did I tell you this is my 100th review.
<review# 971,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2010,5/22/2010,228,312,7,6,6>My, oh my! This was some of the BEST BBQ I've had in Texas! Absolute mouth-gasm! I ordered the Combo Sandwich, which comes with 2 sides and a drink for a mere $7 and change! By "combo" sandwich, they mean brisket, smoked pork, and sausage all mixed together with their delicious BBQ sauce on top of a ginormous hoagie bun...genius! And oh so delicious! For the sides, I got the cole slaw...yum, a bit too much mayo for me, but, I'm not a mayo fan. I appreciate the fresh cracked pepper mixed up in there. The beans were ok....could've used some more salt (never thought I'd say that!). Another bonus - Big Red on tap! I'll miss Texas BBQ like this when I move away from Texas...if it's this good, I may have to have it shipped to me frozen and eat it oldy and moldy! Better than no BBQ at all....
<review# 972,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2010,5/21/2010,204,426,10,14,13>When it comes to The Lodge, I have not lived by my own credo, "You could get hit by a bus tomorrow."  Based on my fear of erratic providers of public transportation and my incredible impatience, I prefer not to day dream of "one day" opting for more immediate gratification if I can make that happen.  My point is that I have waited far too long to visit The Lodge, especially when a phone call I placed nearly two years ago provided me with the confirmation that a Vegetarian Tasting Menu could be provided.   Executive Chef and Owner, Jason Dady, has arguably altered the dining scene in San Antonio over the past decade.  Visitors to San Antonio have been known not only seek out the best down home and authentic Mexican restaurant, but also intend to dine at a Dady thanks in part to Texas Monthly and Bon Appetit magazines - and of course Yelp.My husband and I arrived at The Lodge at a few minutes before 6pm on a Saturday; the greeting from the valet was a notable first impression - opening my door, offering his hand and noticing my heels, warning me to watch my step.  The hostess checked our reservation and showed us to the homey bar area to relax and wait a few moments before being sat for dinner.  Here we were greeted by each staff that passed.  Our waiter dropped by to introduce himself and request additional information for my preferences of courses for the Vegetarian Tasting Menu.  He was very thorough in his questioning regarding what offerings will be acceptable making me consider that the kitchen either really knows vegetarian cooking or that our waiter is an avid reader of Michael Pollan books.  Considering I probably have San Antonio's largest collection of Michael Pollan books, I will go with the former.We were sat in the Wine Room which is an intimate upstairs bedroom.  We glanced over the thoughtfully selected wine list, focusing on Pino Noir and Red Zinfandel selections.  Over the course of the evening we had two bottles of wine, each a Red Zinfandel and each taken from the shelves directly behind us, very cool.The Vegetarian Tasting Menu was nothing less than phenomenal.  Heirloom Tomatoes and White Asparagus were presented in more than one dish and considering the season I was so pleased to see the reoccurrence.  I could have clapped with glee upon being served a staple from one of my favorite plates at Bin 555, a Grilled Goat Cheese Sandwich.My husband also had the Tasting Menu, but requested the Cast Iron Seared Beef Tenderloin as his entrée.  A "95%" vegetarian, he will indulge in beef only in the proper setting.  That being said, in the past few years, I have not seen him have a steak in San Antonio until The Lodge.  My entrée was a real hit, Grilled Artichoke Hearts that boasted a meaty texture and flavor.  We each enjoyed the Nutella-Dark Chocolate Cake.  Let it be known that my husband finished his and mine as well.  My inability to finish the dessert is only an indication of the size of my stomach and not telling of the dessert, I would have finished it if could have fit it...We ended the evening with a scotch and a smile, reveling in our dining experience.  Later when we arrived home my husband said to me, "You know, you are really the only social interaction I require."So at The Lodge you are well fed, well taken care of and apparently become a stunning linguist and the perfectly charming date.  Let's see if my husband feels the same way about me after our next date...I think I need to make another reservation at The Lodge.
<review# 973,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2010,1/23/2011,42,75,1,4,3>My new favorite place to buy wine. They have free tastings every Saturday. And I don't mean those little medicine cup 2 sips worth tastings. There are two different tasting rooms, each features a different genre of wine. For example last weekend one room had whites and rose from France while the other was Italian reds. These people know their wine- including the customers, most of whom seem to be regulars. At both of the tastings the employee behind the counter knew the other tasters by first name. They were so excited to know it was my first time. The other tasters wanted to know where I was from, what kind of wine I liked, etc. The guy pouring the samples gave me a few extra samples of some other wines he thought I would like. No wine snobs here!Some weekends there are special guests from various vineyards around the world who come and host the tastings. Another plus is their 20% discount on Friday and Saturday, yet another reason to make this a regular weekend activity!
<review# 974,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2010,1/22/2011,32,32,3,3,3>Finally a place that rivals Freebirds and Chipotle.  Word of warning: the burritos are HUGE!  Easily eaten by two people, or in my case one starving dude prior to a late movie showing!  One of the best things besides the giant food portions are the fresh tortillas.  They are made and cooked up fresh just as you order, and the bonus is they offer wheat tortillas in addition the the standard white flour ones.  Both are very very tasty. Now I come here quite regularly and I try to get a different burrito each time.  I have a few staples but their new inventions and specials are always great so take the plunge.  This time I had the (i think this is right) Frito-Rito. Which is an adaptation of the Cheesy Beef with Fritos added for that awesomely crunch and "oh-so-bad-for-you" flavor that I was craving.  I got to customize my burrito with any assortment of toppings ranging from pico de gallo to guac to plain ol' lettuce.  For me I always throw on as much veggies as possible (its a lame attempt at trying to "healthy up" my awesomely-artery-clogging-tasty burrito I just ordered).  The staff are always friendly and I seem to find myself chatting with them as my tortilla cooks and I make my way through the line.  When I bring the family the staff take an extra moment or two to acknowledge my daughter and tell her about her special tortilla they are making (the kids menu is great, good variety and appropriately portioned).  For me the service makes this place one of the best in town, and to top it off my giant Frito-Rito was exactly what I craved!PS.  For those of you wanting a healthier option at Habaneros they have a great "lite" menu with naked burritos healthier options for meat, condiments, and toppings.  All the great flavor of my Frito-Rito 'cept minus the future cholesterol problem.  :)
<review# 975,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2011,1/21/2011,88,312,2,3,3>Hurry up and get here before their grand opening "74/couple" special ends at the end of January!  A group of 10 of us ate here on New Year's Day night.  The only major hiccup was the accidental "foot shower" my boyfriend's mom got when one of the gaucho's bumped into the ice bucket that was holding the champagne.  The red meat was seasoned well, my favorite was actually the sausage!  It was piping hot and had just the right amount of spiciness.   Some folks who tried the chicken said it was too salty.The salad bar is plentiful and delicious!  Make sure you try the gorgonzola grape salad.   I could have eaten a bucket of that stuff.  I'm glad the company decided to work with the historic qualities of the Kress building - the place is gorgeous.  All of us had a great time and at the special price, it was a steal!
<review# 976,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2010,1/20/2011,52,218,1,1,1>Don't get me wrong I love me some Cajun food but what makes this place truly great is the gangsta fried chicken!!! If it's possible for fried chicken to gangsta then this place pulls it off!!! Far and above the best fried chicken I've ever had in my life! For a heads up though if you plan to order the chicken then give it fifteen minutes because they make the chicken on a per order basis. The pieces are huge, moist and superbly flavored! The staff is super friendly and attentive. Overall, a great experience. Podna's serves up some great food and knocks it out of the park!!
<review# 977,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2010,1/18/2011,109,306,3,6,11>I really liked this bar a lot. I walked in and immediately text my partner in crime who was meeting me there "this place is awesome!". I went on the second day they opened and it was buzzing already. Its a mix between hooters, buffalo wild wings and best buy...seriously...there were TONS of tvs everywhere. Every booth has a tv in it or facing it directly. It's definitely the perfect spot for sports fans and will be the new hot spot for fights and games. The food is really inexpensive (about the same price as a meal from a fast food place actually) and it's basically all Mexican food with american food thrown in for good measure (i.e.burger, wings, etc). There are aquas frescas and a special "aguas locos" drink,  which is a regular aguas frescas drinks with a shot of your choice of liquor mixed in. All of the waitresses were pretty and upbeat (shout out to Chloe with a C!) and the management was very helpful and seemed excited to be open. One manager (I believe his name is Jorge) came by and chatted with us for a few minutes recommending different things and telling us about the restaurant. The staff seemed pretty wet behind the ears but more than made-up for it in eagerness to keep everyone happy. It's a new place so in a week I'm sure it will all be fine :)Check it out! The guys will love you for it for WAY more reasons than 1 ;)
<review# 978,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2010,1/17/2011,75,101,6,7,6>This update is strictly to let you know that in my opinion, the vegetarian dogs are just as amazing as the carnivore dogs! Upon our last visit, which happened a couple weekends ago. My other half said it was his choice for a "Pre-Birthday Dinner". Is there such a thing? I don't really know, but sometimes I use that one, so I let him get by with it. The guys were friendly as ever, laid back and helpful. Being that I'm being a "good girl" at least 6 days a week here lately, I decided on the smart dog "Italian sausage fake-out" as I like to call it, with jalapeno & carrot relish, a red onion sauce, chipotle mustard and a bit of jack cheese. It had a wonderful flavor and I didn't even miss the meat! Okay, maybe I missed it a little while Josh was chowing down on his Alamo Dog, but even still, it was great. I am under the impression this place can do no wrong and oh, the lemonade is perfection. It was about 8 on a Saturday and practically empty, which was surprising because in my humble opinion, everyone should be eating hot dogs at FE at 8pm on a Saturday night!
<review# 979,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2010,1/16/2011,117,143,3,7,3>This place has a smokin' deal on breakfast tacos until 11am! Swing in and get 3 (mix & match or all the same kind) for under $3! It's intense, and they're delicious tacos.This morning I opted for two bacon, egg, & cheese tacos and one chorizo and egg, and while the latter wasn't the greatest I'd ever had, a heaping helping of their sassy salsa made a world of difference.That may be the most enthusiastic sentence I've ever written about Mexican food.Anyway, walking in here you'll know it's good because it smells of Fabuloso (if you don't know, don't bother). The great part is that the staff all speaks English, which isn't characteristic of a truly down-home-cookin' kinda Mexican place, but I'm oh so grateful because my Spanish needs help. A lot of help.They offer a daily lunch special, breakfast is served all day, and they run a margarita special every day from 3p-7p, who could ask for more?Swing on by to this little Mexican haven on the Northside of San Antonio and see what all the hype is about. You won't regret it!
<review# 980,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2010,1/15/2011,116,50,2,6,2>I've been patronizing this La Michoacana for about a month, ever since I joined the Krav Maga Training Center next door (awesome facility, by the way).  It's a very simple market, with fresh fruit, vegetables, a small cafe, and a mouth-watering selection of meat.  There are some other staples - cereal, milk, juice, tortillas, paper towels and the like - but the produce and meat are truly the standouts.  This place has been great in keeping me on my "If it had a mother or came from the ground I'll eat it" diet, since it's easy to avoid the scant processed offerings.  Their produce prices are on point and the variety is great.  You won't find as MUCH variety as you would at say, Central Market, but you will find a constantly rotating selection of "exotic" fruits and veggies (exotic by texas standards - plaintains, nopales, yuca root, etc.).The meat selection is fabulous - I recently bought some marinated beef short ribs on sale, and they were phenomenal in the slow cooker.  Look for their weekly specials, as the prices absolutely cannot be beat.  Viva La Michoacana!
<review# 981,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2010,1/14/2011,157,156,2,2,3>I came here when Kate's Frosting offered a Free Margarita and Cupcakes promotion. I had their summer cupcake which is a white cake with blueberries in the middle of the cake. The frosting was a cream flavor and had exactly one blueberry in the middle.I bought a half dozen for my family. I bought a margarita, carrot cake, white cake with chocolate frosting, chocolate on chocolate, "Big Red" and a summer cupcake. Everyone enjoyed them.The interior is very cute. It has an area that is kiddo-friendly. I would love to order cupcakes from here for special occassions. Kate is very friendly :)
<review# 982,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2010,1/13/2011,285,293,2,6,1>By far my favorite studio of the three bikram studios in town. The ventilation system circulates the air every 17 minutes, so even though it's over 100 degrees in there, it feels cooler.Three of the walls are mirrored, so you can see yourself better.The only really crowded class I've been to here was opening day. Since then, there haven't been many.Free water! There's a drinking fountain at this location.Lots of cubbies in the lobby and comfortable furniture to lounge on.The bathrooms are bigger and not as crowded.And this studio have a 5:30 pm class on weekdays! I used to go to the 7pm class on Broadway, but now I go to this one because it's closer to my house and right after work.
<review# 983,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2014,10/18/2014,136,123,5,5,5>This review is going to be sized just right and perfectly suited - just like my experience at Kogi Grill Those that know my reviews, know how I love a strip mall experience that isn't strip mall experiencing.  This is one of those places.  Now, the bar is strip mall sized...but I wasn't here for the booze.  The food is PHENOMENAL!  I did vegetarian on this occasion, so it was chap chae with no meat.  Lovely.  My hubs had the lunch special chicken bulgogi (spicy) and it was equally fab.  I am so glad we have a decent little Korean joint to call our own.  My hubby already labeled it our "go to" place.  (but he has to fight me for Pho).The service was outstanding.  Their computer went down and they were correcting our bill (mistakes do happen), so we had to wait.  The owner was very nervous about it all, but we were in no hurry on this lazy Sunday.  It's allllll good.TIP:  Try the lunch specials! You know why?  Because they are perfectly proportioned!  The price fits the plate, and you leave full and doggie bagless.
<review# 984,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2014,10/17/2014,192,81,3,5,4>Yeah so I don't come here because they have just the right size beer list or because I want to play pool or because I know I will run into some friendly faces I haven't seen in awhile. The PIZZA brings me back. I don't care if you think I am crazy. Joey's has some really good pie. It is just the right amount of sauce, bread, cheese and grease. The price is also perfect, $14.29 after tax for a large that was enough for 3 people. Don't get me wrong Joey's is a great place to drink with friends or drink with new friends you meet. I appreciate their jukebox jam selection but the sound isn't overpowering so here is a word to the wise ... you WILL  miss your jam if you get carried away in conversation. I have been a frequent patron of Joey's since 2001 and there has never been a rude bartender or door guy. I also have never been witness to customers getting into fights or starting trouble so I feel comfortable closing out the night there. Main takeaway: pizza pairs well with beer so give it a try.
<review# 985,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2014,10/16/2014,84,393,3,4,4>Updated review for the new location.   The sausage and spicy cream corn are what keep me coming back.  The turkey and chicken have been dry on the past few visits.  Stick with the red meat options.   The cole slaw has bits of gorgonzola, which gives a very distinct flavor.  Even if the lines are long service is fast and this is a perfect option for lunch after the zoo, witte or botanical garden.
<review# 986,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2014,10/15/2014,19,28,1,5,3>Grilled brisket and cheese was superb. The potatoe salad excellent. Spicy cream corn not too shaby, a little hot for my taste, as they use rotel to spice. I got a to go order can't wait to try it hot.
<review# 987,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2014,10/14/2014,106,156,,13,4>It was one of those days that I knew I had to get out and devour delicious Indian food. Thanks to Yelp, I was able to find this gem. And for the price one usually pays for à la carte in Indian food, having a buffet is always the best deal. This place was clean with prompt and friendly service, and most importantly, the food is delicious and on point. Can't believe I hadn't come here sooner!Along with the option of ordering off the menu, they have a all-day buffet. The price for lunch (which lasts until 3 p.m.) is $9.95, whereas dinner from 3 p.m. onwards is $11.95. I'd assume the food is exactly the same, with some minor changes in dishes, so if you're looking to save a couple of bucks, I'd say come by around lunch time. There is a great variety in starters, entrees, rice, dessert and condiments. I was actually surprised to see how many dishes they had out.Once you're seated, you're asked for your drink order and then you're free to go into buffet land. I'd recommend most everything I tried - pakoras, samosas, spring rolls, chicken tikka masala, navraton korma, chan masala, saag paneer; along with all 4 dessert choice, and the spicy chutney (it's actually spicy, so obviously it rocks!). The wonderful lady brought us hot naan and made sure our plates were picked up each time we got up. Even during a normal dead lunch hour, this place had many people, most of whom looked like regulars. I even heard someone state that they wish India Taj Palace delivered! I saw a van outside with this place name's on it, so I'm going to go ahead and assume that they do catering orders for parties and such. Also, Zain B. mentioned seekh kabobs we'd once had from here - yes, those were some delicious kabobs! Once lunch was done, we went up to the front desk, paid and were on our way.For Yelp regulars, there are a couple of specials you receive upon checking in here. I'd definitely give this place a try, and I will for sure be returning! Woo!
<review# 988,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2014,10/13/2014,21,239,3,7,4>The best of San Antonio's Indian buffets just keeps getting better. I dropped in for lunch on a recent weekday and was very pleasantly surprised to see a wide variety of excellent dishes, including lamb. There were several chicken dishes, including tandoori chicken and an exquisite tikka masala. And the vegetables were all fantastic, especially a stew of tomatoes and eggplant that had me coming back for more. They offer a couple of nice Indian beers, but I prefer to drink their excellent chai.If you like Indian food, check out India Palace. If you've never had Indian food, check out India Palace.(Note: this is the first time I've made myself hungry while writing a review. So yes, it's that good.)
<review# 989,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2014,10/12/2014,106,165,3,1,3>I must have a food truck magnet.Stopped to get some gas and voila!  There it was at the end of the gas station:  this rickety, beat up, kinda questional looking place. Sounds like my type of joint.Ordered a damn asada torta since I only had cash for that (no plastic so that rates them a 4 stars).  I asked they cut in quarters (for sharing) which they did.Their torta was good, bread was toasty and the filling tender and flavorful.  I want to stop again and try their other offerings. Hell, I'll go back for their salsa.
<review# 990,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2014,10/11/2014,232,125,3,3,3>Rocking new space with awesome owners! You can't get much better that some good ole country folk running a wicked new venue. The space is amazing the drafts are flowing it don't get much better than that!
<review# 991,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2014,10/10/2014,117,143,4,7,3>Willy Wonka's got nothing on the chocolate geniuses at Chocolateka. Take your favorite fruits and treats (especially gummy bears) and dip them in delicious, fresh-flowing chocolate. Then dip them again. Then serve them to your adoring fans. That's what they do, every day, at Chocolateka. Originally from Laredo, Texas, the choco-artists at Chocolateka make everything better by dipping, drenching, or drizzling it in chocolate. From fruits (strawberries, mango, apples, pineapple, cherries, and more) to candy (gummy bears, marshmallows) there's almost no end to their chocolate-covering abilities. They're open late, perfect for that after-dinner dessert stop. Want to impress a date? Bring him or her here. Unless he or she is allergic to chocolate, you'll both be very glad you did.Be sure to try my favorites: mangoskimo and chocobears!
<review# 992,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2014,10/9/2014,167,36,1,7,5>I have yet to have a bad experience at this adorable establishment. I tend to only come on Sundays and I thoroughly enjoy sharing a $15 pitcher of their mimosas. I know there are other places in town that do bottomless mimosas, but this is still my favorite brunch stop. I'm not huge on breakfast foods, but they have a great and delicious selection. I'm personally hooked on their jalapeño tuna salad sandwich. Whole grain bread, mashed avocado, and tuna salad that is done just right without much of a kick from the jalapeños. It's phenomenal! You get a choice of sides and I personally prefer the cucumber and tomato salad. Refreshing and delicious. The only downfall is that the main dining area where you order is hot and humid. The back seating area is nice and cool, so a sweaty dining experience is completely avoidable. The tea list is awesome, there's plenty of beer to choose from, the mimosas are delicious and aren't lacking the bang for your buck, and the whole ambience is one that makes you want to come back for more. Quite the little gem in this big city!
<review# 993,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2010,9/10/2010,108,275,2,10,3>I have been bringing all my needed alterations here.  The shopowner is Korean and she is wonderful.  She has a dressing with a podium/mirror fo trying on clothes while she pins.Usually can get things turned around within a week....and I'm sure she would offer some "RUSH" service at an extra price...I highly recommend this place.
<review# 994,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2010,9/9/2010,63,117,2,3,2>I've eaten here twice, lunch and dinner. I ordered the chap chae for lunch, it was a bit too sweet for my taste. For dinner this time I got the jam pong, a spicy stew with seafood and thick noodles. It was absolutely delicious, the broth was savory and loaded with plenty of seafood delights (squid, mussels, jumbo shrimp/prawns, and scallops), totally worthy of this run on sentence. The noodles were bursting with umami flavors. As an added bonus, the portion was huge, enough for two people! I had difficulty polishing off the last prawn, alas it physically pained me to part with the leftover noodles that the chef had poured his/her heart and soul into. Ilsong offers friendly service and authentic flavors, I will be calling here whenever I get cravings for Korean food. This is probably as good as it gets in San Antonio.
<review# 995,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2010,9/8/2010,23,109,1,2,3>I've clocked some serious quality time with breakfast tacos. If you haven't tried the "breakfast taco as a way to bribe yourself to go to a job you hate" strategy, let me tell you, it works amazingly.  Thousand Oaks is a great place to get breakfast tacos, and their plates are yummy too (the chorizo ones especially).  Don't expect anything fancy  or innovative here, just fast, cheap, delicious Mexican breakfasts brought to you by efficient servers.  Any place that can make me this happy in about 10 minutes for only five dollars... amazing.
<review# 996,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2010,9/7/2010,120,44,4,4,5>Ya know...this is the sort of place I never would have found on my own.  Since i live on the north side of San Antonio, I rarely venture down St. Mary's unless I'm meeting friends at a cafe for brunch.  Getting invited to attend a special party there was the initial draw for me.  I ended up staying late into the evening because of the funky atmosphere, cheap drinks and come-as-you-are crowd.  This place totally reminds me of some of the funky bars that can be found in downtown Austin live music scene.  I like the fact that the band is kept towards the back of the shotgun-style bar with an area towards the front that is visually and acoustically partitioned off with a couple of pillars holding up the roof.  This allows for a some-one quieter area to have a conversation.  The bar is in the middle and offers a full selection of hootch.  I found the bartenders to be very efficient and all-around cool guys.One extra that I really enjoyed about this place was all of the funky and slightly demented artwork that is hung on the walls throughout.  The artists who created these pieces must truly be pieces of work themselves!  If I had an extra 4 or 5 hundred dollars, I might have splurged on the painting of the demonic baby sitter.  :)Why not 5 stars?  Two reasons.  As far as I could tell, there was little if any parking.  I just happened to get lucky and get a spot on the street right in front.The other issue was the cheesy man in the restroom selling everything from cigars and cigarettes to cologne and condoms.  There are only two urinals and one stall.  He took up most of the free space in bathroom and gave people a look that seemed to make it a crime not to buy his wares...or at least tip him for moving out of the way of the sink.
<review# 997,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2010,9/6/2010,13,24,1,6,4>If you are in the downtown area and want to go somewhere for a great drink and beautiful atmosphere then I highly recommend this place. The renovations are great! It's so fresh and clean now. No smoking in the bar, which sorta conflicts with the havana themed cigar bar, but at least you don't walk out stinkin.The hotel itself is stunning. The furniture throughout is AMAZING! and the small upstairs patios are so cute and refreshing.Take a date and ride the sexy red light elevator down to the den/bar. You'll look so beautiful/handsome in the lighting. Red light candles everywhere and beautiful vintage-y lounge furniture throughout. Bring some cash though cause it's pricey. They also have an espresso machine so you don't have to get drunk to enjoy it.oh i forgot. skip the margarita. please, just listen to me and skip it. it tasted medicinal and i'm a margarita connoisseur
<review# 998,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2010,9/5/2010,122,156,3,4,2>Whenever I have a craving for Indian food, I'm all up in here. I can't help but drool over their dinner buffet. Granted not EVERYTHING is wonderful, but shiet, for like $15 (AND they have a $1 off discount coupon on their website - CHA CHING!!), it's definitely worth it.They have quite the spread so let me name the losers and the winners. Losers are their fried items, especially their samosas, because everything is way too over fried to be enjoyed. But the numero uno winner is the delicious unlimited supply of naan that I can pile up on my plate. Dip those suckers into any one of the curries and it's MONEY!!
<review# 999,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2010,9/4/2010,17,79,1,1,1>When you walk in you see the counter with all sorts of chunks of cookies, muffins, breads laying out for you to try. Wonderful! It takes all of the danger out of ordering something and worrying whether you will like it. You ALREADY know after you sample it how it's gonna turn out. The chocolate chip cookie was really really good. I also had a muffin and a lemon square (both were also good). But that darn cookie.. mmm. It's enough to ruin any diet as you can't have just a little. I haven't been for a while and writing about it makes me realize that it is time to go back!
<review# 1000,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2010,9/3/2010,220,318,3,6,8>I go to Big Lou's kinda a lot lately. I've just had regular pizzas and [crispy] pizza wraps (with Blue Moon, of course).... until last night.BRISKET PIZZA, y'all. Just got a 10" to try it out and.....well, I'll get a 10" when I go. It's like a delicious brisket sandwich on a pizza. It's served with pickles!!!! I'm still amazed at how well it worked. I recommend at least a taste of this if you're checking out Big Lou's.The calzones, btw, are also great. Giant (normal appetites should split one), and they put some Italian blend on the dough before the fillings that just kicks it up a notch. I tasted one with Italian sausage last night and my tongue was delighted. The sausage tastes fresh! It's the good, crumbly stuff! Not that chewy stuff or the link type.Also....saw the house next door to Big Lou's is finally demolished....which means moves are being made for expansion -- more tables and more parking on the way!
<review# 1001,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2010,9/2/2010,32,32,7,8,8>Below is my "Play by Play" review of Stone Werks.  It was done on my phone in bits as my experience at the restaurant progressed.  It feels a bit like it has multiple personalities, but I figured this could be my own personal way of reviewing Stone Werks from the time I entered to the time I left.  Here it goes, and let me know what you think!-Initially this place feels like a total cliche. Cheesy adult alternative rock I playing in the waiting area slash lobby slash bar entrance. And while the place is crowded at 7pm it's full of people in business wear. But initial impressions can be misleading so as dinner and dad's night out wears on we will see how things fare.-Despite my reservation, I am having to wait for at least 1/2 of my party to show, which is now almost 30 minutes after my original reservation time.  I wish I would have known that when calling in.  Plus side is when calling in for a reservation its quick, easy, and they send you an email confirmation.  I'm heading to the bar for a beer while a wait.-After only a few seconds at the bar and I must say I am pleased.  The service was quick despite the hectic and crowded scene.  Plus the on-tap beer selection was pretty decent.  Biggest plus is the Live Oak Big Bark staring back at me.  They have about 50 taps ranging from local places like Live Oak and Real to more standards like Stella, Bass, and so forth.  Best thing is the fact they do not high light the lame domestics like Bud and Miller like many large restaurants do.  Points for Stone Werks.-After finally getting my non-punctual friends here we were seated at a great big table.  Comfy chairs and every seat as a great look at the Lakers-Celtics final game.  The waitress was quick to take our orders, give us some guidance on the menu, then let us relax.  She has been great.  Coming and asking if we need more to drink but not hounding us as we talk, catch up, and raise a ruckus like a group of Dad's does :)  -Food has came and gone and wow!  First of all, the menu is extensive with plenty of variety at a decent price.  I selected the Kobe burger, in honor of the Lakers.  However this burger used Kobe beef and was perfectly cooked, very juicy, had superb flavor, and came with a generous portion of fries.  I do have to say the Live Oak Big Bark is a great match with this tasty burger.  Points to Stone Werks and our great waitress on recommending it.-We have been here since 7:30 and its now close to 11:45.  Our waitress has been a real trooper, keeping all us guys (11 of us) happy and well stocked with booze and food.  I haven't felt rushed to leave and without asking she divided up our checks in singles (she probably figured no one person wanted to foot our amazingly large bar tab).  Great atmosphere to eat, drink, and relax with friends.  You know the restaurant is a great place when you don't even realize you have spent almost 4 hours there. Despite my original impression, Stone Werks has grown on me and is a really great place to grab an intimate dinner for two on the patio (which had some good live music) or a large group of rowdy dads needing to engage in some good old fashioned gluttony.  -As I am walking to my car to head home, what is sticking in my mind is not the restaurant or how it looked but what a great time I had with friends.  This to me is the best sign that Stone Werks is a good place, when you don't even think about the place just the conversations.  Stone Werks at the Rim has good food, good beer, but amazing and excellent service!PS.  I did give our waitress an extra tip above the included 18% (for our larger than 6 party).
<review# 1002,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2010,9/1/2010,27,81,2,6,5>I'm not sure why it took me so long to try this place.  We happened upon this place on a slow Sunday running errands. This place is definitely casual with no frills.  As I sat down, I noticed we were given the American menu.  I asked the waitress about dim sum and she happily replaced our menus with the Chinese and dim sum menu.We hadn't had dim sum in so long that I gravitated straight to it.  Our order consisted of pork and crab shumai, chicken and mushroom congee, shrimp and green pepper, and assorted dumplings.  All had excellent flavor and portions were just right.I would definitely come back to try dishes off the Chinese menu.  Prices are fair, dishes are yummy with prompt service.
<review# 1003,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2012,9/9/2012,7,44,,1,2>If you care about atmosphere. Starting off with the environment... If I remember correctly, it was a typical Vietnamese restaurant. This means it was a forgettable atmosphere, nothing to rave about. Just tables and chairs and maybe a few pieces hanging on the walls. More importantly, it was a clean restaurant. Parking wasn't bad. There was open parking in front and behind the restaurant. I ordered the chicken pho. The broth was delicious... Just the way I remember it since I grew up eating this stuff (I am also comparing this restaurant's pho with House of Pho). The chicken was a little dry... I've had better chicken in my pho. The service was pretty good. I was greeted and seat by the staff right when I walked in. They took my order in a good amount of time and I receive my food in a good amount of time. Reasonable prices. The small size was perfect size for me. Get the large size if you have a huge appetite since it comes out in quite a large bowl.
<review# 1004,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2012,9/8/2012,65,158,,4,1>Can I give them 6 stars?Yes, their baked goods are that good.  Hands down, the best bakery in San Antonio.  Flaky pastry, rich cookies, and macaroons so light, they may just fly away.  I had them make a special cake for my mother's birthday and honestly, it was the best cake I have ever bought or made.  Ethereal cake layers sandwiching fresh raspberries and some crunchy wafer-thin toffee- all cloaked in a torched meringue!  They even piped the birthday message on top prior to the torching for an absolutely beautiful presentation.I can't wait until they open their bricks and mortar near the Pearl later this summer.
<review# 1005,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2012,9/7/2012,15,129,,2,1>This might have just become our favorite Indian restaurant in town. (We've been to literally all of them, and have mostly been disappointed.)Service was very quick. We were there on a Sunday for lunch, and there were a couple other tables eating. We were served within 5-10 minutes. The owner (?) is very friendly and helpful, and speaks English pretty well.Prices are surprisingly low. You can get a full lunch with plenty for leftovers for under $10.Best of all, the food is delicious. The Chicken 65 was wonderful, tasting very fresh and homemade. The standout may have been the samosa chaat, though. It was a homemade samosa covered in chickpeas, onions, cilantro, and other goodies. It was just divine.We'll be going here frequently!Note: The owner did offer us some paan at the end of our meal, which we politely declined due to its addictive, unhealthy and carcinogenic properties. For evidence of this, read the lengthy article about it on Wikipedia.
<review# 1006,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2012,9/6/2012,101,63,3,2,2>when you crave a burger, chances are you want the whole package: a juicy patty, cheese/lettuce/onion fixings, and a bun worthy to hold it all together. however, if you're in the downtown riverwalk area, you're bombarded with the usual ho hum chains that you can get anywhere in america, (yes, i'm talking to you chain that rhymes with "bili's!") or some uber expensive sammich that will leave you both broke and unsatisfied. zinc hits the mark with a great burger with cheddar on a delicious bun plus fries for under $10! yes folks, i am not making this chupacabra of a deal up! aside from the burger, zinc also has a great selection of other appetizers including neighboring boudros's famed tableside guac and 2 alarm hummus. fancy some escargot? they've got that too! the drink selection is good, filled with specialty drinks and wine staples, including a trio of hot coffee drinks. what really, really, was the cat's pajamas was the fact that they have a cubby in the bar so ladies, you need not worry about placing your fancy handbag on the floor! huzzah! since zinc is downtown, the parking situation is the usual garage replete with corkscrew entry/exit. great local joint with some unexpected offerings at a great price!
<review# 1007,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2012,9/5/2012,177,94,5,14,7>Went to check out The Point Park on their opening day. I love the feel of the place. Friendly employees, great beer selection, off the beaten path and quiet. It had a "Friendly Spot" type of a vibe. Outdoor seating and bar. All open air.  There were 4 Food Trucks slinging food when we were there. It doesn't look like there is room for any more than that but I could be wrong. The trucks were Mars Mobile, Bistro Six, Tex_asada and Kitchen Fusionz. As you probably know by now I am a Food Truck Junkie so I love the park. The only issue that I saw (and I think this is in the works to be fixed) is that the trucks didn't have electric hookups so they hardly to have their generators running. 4 generators make a lot of noise. It wasn't horrible though. You could still sit and have a conversation. Its a little out if my normal roaming area so I don't know how often I will make it out here but when I'm in the area I will be back.
<review# 1008,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2012,9/4/2012,645,1719,2,3,2>I went here earlier this summer on a slightly breezy day so I could sit on the porch to eat. Went as a date with my boyfriend, who is absolutely nuts about thin crust pizza and who had been once before with some friends and woke up dreaming about the pear and prosciutto pizza. So naturally, we hopped in the car to go.Side note about pricing!I'm aware that this place is quite pricey compared to your average pizza night or delivery order. But this is so far above and beyond those pizza places, that such a comparison is irrelevant. For other similar quality places in SA and around the country, pricing is fairly average. While I know that not everyone consults Yelp BEFORE dining out, the restaurant does post it's prices on its website and makes absolutely no attempt to hide this from you at any point. That being said, I can understand the frustration of driving up to this place and seeing the outdoor dining and kid-friendly setting and how that does not set an expectation for the pricing you actually encounter on the menu. All I can really say to that is that the product may be worth it, but I wouldn't squander this quality pizza on children to begin with. The establishment itself is kind of rustic- I like to think that it's texas style dining when you have picnic tables and shade trees/umbrellas and can sit outside when it isn't too hot to eat your food. There was miscellaneous yard and retro country decor around as well. But the food is certainly not Texan.We had the bruschetta appetizer- fresh, juicy tomatoes and thick, crusty bread? Delicious, as expected. My only wish is that instead of two large chunks of bread, there had been a few more smaller pieces, as that would have seemed like a larger amount of food and would be easier to share amount a larger group.For our entree, we had the sampler pizza-4 pieces of the Grants Pear Pizza (Olive oil, mozzarella and Provolone cheese, Caramelized Pears, topped with Gorgonzola and Prosciutto), which was the perfect blend of salty and sweet. I never would have thought of this combination of toppings but everything was perfectly balanced and each ingredient complimented the others in just the right way so that nothing was overpowering!2 slices of the Spanako pizza (Butter Garlic Spread, Lamb, Roma Tomatoes, TurkishCalamata Olives, Purple Onions, Feta Cheese), which was tasty too but there are other places to get this type of pizza in SA2 slices of Lorfa's Five (Mozzarella, Provolone, Feta, Parmesan, GorgonzolaCheese sprinkled with Basil & Oregano), because I am a cheese addict. This was tasty and all, but it almost seemed like a little TOO much cheese. I can't believe I even said that. The Cheese Addicts Annonymous Club may make me surrender my membership card, but I honestly can't understand how anyone could consume an entire pizza of that. I suspect this may have less to do with the actual cheese and more to do with how well the other two versions we tried complimented one another with a variety of unusual toppings.In any case, the food was great and the ambiance of the early evening meal was nice as well and I am sure we will find ourselves back here for another meal before too long. For those interested in BYOB, I would call to check first, as I saw people who appeared to order alcoholic beverages indulging during their visit,but did not see any mention on the menu or on the table of BYOB policies in effect.TMI?: Everything was downright delicious and we practically rolled ourselves back to the car. Unfortunately I got sick a couple of hours later that evening, but I honestly don't know if it was just some random bug or something in the food. As I said, I ate with my partner and he consumed exactly the same things I did, but he did not get ill. Hence my bafflement.
<review# 1009,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2012,9/3/2012,36,119,6,10,5>I don't know what they did to fix this up, but THANK YOU.  Five or six years ago, this place was looking pretty shabby.  I was enjoying it on some kind of urban-decay level at that point.  There was something interesting about the graffiti carved into the succulents, the remnants of joints and beer bottles, and the general downward spiral.  It would have made a great setting for some ironic bridal photos or a sketchy rendezvous.  But that was really my effort to look on the bright side of a sad situation.Now, though, it's been restored, and the results are beautiful.  Koi, turtles, ducks, flowers, butterflies.  We brought a friend from up North, and this was probably her favorite local spot.  I still think it's incredible that the place was renamed to Chinese Tea Gardens during WWII.  It's nice that the history is captured so we can get reminders of how awful the world can be.  I don't know if it'll ever be the same without that rickety sky ride, and you'll want to come on a week day to avoid the mobs of quinceanera retinues being photographed.  But the restoration is really marvelous, and it's great to see the city and community support to keep this FREE park open.  (Go see the one in San Francisco--it's also beautiful but it'll cost!)
<review# 1010,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2012,9/2/2012,204,426,1,4,3>Wonderful spot for a fresh made lunch!  I really like the Vegetable Panini with the side of Arugula.  The sandwich is packed with fresh veggies and a wonderful sun dried tomato spread is a stand out flavor.On my visits I have tried the Key Lime Pie, a simple Croissant, a Chocolate Cookie and took home a loaf of Ciabatta to accompany a warm stew dinner.  I was really happy with each selection.In house, seating is limited, outside there are tables but also an area of grass which works for a picnic spot.Behind the scenes, the place is impressive!  We toured it and felt such an energy even while the space was empty with no chefs to be seen or cooking to witness.If you can't find outdoor parking, check out the garage as it is open to the public and free.
<review# 1011,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2012,8/31/2012,89,86,2,8,2>There are only a couple pizza joints in town that deserve 5 stars in my book and this is one of them. Everyone likes to rant and rave to me about hooooow good Big Lou's pizza is but personally, I felt it was WAY overrated. I walked into this place with high expectations when my g/f told me it was much better than Big Lou's but luckily she was right. This place picks up the slack where Big Lou's dropped the ball. Their cheese bread is cheesier and made with a higher quality of cheese so you can get your Ninja Turtle on and get a big stretchy cheesy bite out of it. The pizza is equally cheesy and the toppings all taste fresh and delicious. They also avoided one of my biggest pitfalls of pizza toppings (veggies being undercooked/raw) which was nice. The service was pretty good, nothing to write home about exactly but not terrible either. They made sure my drink was full and with the quality of pizza they're making, that's all I really needed. The decor is very casual with the walls painted with aliens and outer space. The kids will love this place for its cartoony surroundings and the adults will be coming back for the GREAT pizza. Put your phone down and come support this local business b/c it's places like these that make San Antonio a great place to eat!
<review# 1012,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2012,8/30/2012,19,6,,11,5>It's been a rough move to San Antonio considering I'm new to the area and desperately seeking hideaways where I can write, read, and mingle with others within my age demographic. Up until yesterday, that seemed like the most difficult feat I would face in this city. However. after stumbling across Local Coffee, I already feel a bit more at ease. I had plans to visit the Sonterra location sometime this week, but the Broadway location was much closer and just as wonderful as the Sonterra location is supposed to be. The interior offered ample space to work, read, and write either at one of the many tables or on the porch outside. The lattes are fantastic and well worth their price. The ajoining Bike World sends in many customers it seems and I felt comfortable enough to stay for a few hours just soaking in a bit of local flavor. The other reviewer is totally correct in their assessment that you feel just a bit cooler walking into this shop: the staff and patrons are all young and welcoming. Coming from previous living in Georgetown, Austin, and NYC, I've never really felt such a relief to find a place with people my age hanging around. This shop is easily one of the best spots I've found since moving here and will definitely make a regular out of me.
<review# 1013,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2013,3/8/2014,147,125,5,9,10>Lunch:Roasted Pablano Soup = TO DIE FOROrchard Sandwich = EXCEPTIONALUltimate Sandwich = CLASSIC & DELICIOUSChicken Club = UNIQUE & TASTYSides:House salad = NOT YOUR TYPICAL HOUSE SALADSweet potato fries = CRISPY & DISTINCTIVE House-made chips = MOVE OUTTA THE WAY LAYS!Dinner: Glazed Brie appetizer = OUTTA THIS WORLD GOODSalmon Piccata = AS GOOD AS IT GETSThis local restaurant is top notch when it comes to food quality, menu options, service and all around ambiance.  They offer order and seat yourself style dining during lunch and waiter service during dinner.  Their prices may be slightly more than you'd see at the fast-food joint down the street, but their superb food is worth the extra dollar.  Oh yeah...Dessert:Lemon Posset = CREAMY & AWESOMERum Cake = SPECIAL & SMASHING
<review# 1014,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2013,3/7/2014,23,45,4,12,7>This is by far my favorite HEB and I live around the corner from the monster HEB off 1604 & bandera. It's more of an actual experience to shop here.I love the layout of the store and the softer lighting. It always seems to have a great assortment of produce, seafood, and healthy foods. I like the selection of kosher merchandise in the meat market as well. The staff is by far the friendliest of any HEB.I tend to do the bulk of my grocery shopping here, the experience is by far the most enjoyable of any grocery store.
<review# 1015,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2013,3/6/2014,37,86,2,4,3>Lots of plugs! Yay! Great community coffee shop feel, with people working and studying in groups or alone. I like the option of cushy chairs, or regular wooden chairs and tables. The food was nothing remarkable, but good enough at fair prices. My Spiced Chai Latte on the other hand was superb (and the iced tea is pretty good too.) The staff was knowledgeable and friendly, and the place seems to be very popular with locals. Overall a cute, buzzing place for students and professionals to hang.
<review# 1016,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2013,3/5/2014,50,73,4,9,7>One of my favorite places in town! This is a fantastic place to meet up with friends, family, or even maybe a new friend. It has a great casual atmosphere with plenty of tables & chairs, places to have a decent conversation without a ton of noise. It's close to downtown, just on the edge of Southtown and Downtown. They have a huge list of beers, all kinds! Any kind you can imagine! And the prices are decent. They do have some food items, however, I have never tried any of the food. I go mainly for the beer and company. Of course, it is all outdoors, so make sure you go on a night with good weather. This is a must-go place! It is what they call here in Texas, an "Ice House". Love it! People bring their dogs, their kids, their families. It's fun! Not much more needs to be said. Just go!
<review# 1017,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2014,3/4/2014,94,341,1,5,5>On the advice of a friend, we checked out Guajillo's for a mid week dinner. We were greeted by friendly staff and seated immediately. I asked for a wine list; they do not offer wine but they do have horchata which is one of my favorite things. I ordered fish cooked with tomatoes and chilies. It was served steaming hot and had a nice spice to it. I'm used to spicy food but if you aren't, I'd inquire about the spice level.  My table mates got street tacos and tortillas smothered in delicious beans. The food was all served up quickly. We all enjoyed what we got and have collectively decided to work Guajillo's into our regular restaurant rotation.
<review# 1018,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2013,3/3/2014,91,97,5,8,10>It's Sunday night and me and my friend are hungry...specifically for pizza. It's like 11 at night and we're determined to find pizza some way, some how. We find this place on yelp that closes at 3am so we decide to make the trip despite our 8am class the next morning smh.When we pull up to Faust we weighed our options before we got out. I was giving the neighborhood some serious side eye action because it was clear we weren't in the UTSA area anymore. We saw some stray cats around and it being a Sunday night, there weren't a lot of people nearby so I was a little worried but we went in anyway. We walked up the steps and there were a few people sitting out where the benches under the decorative lights. Inside the friendly bartenders made me a long island as we waited for our pizza. You can buy the pizzas by the slice but we just got a whole pizza that came out to be about 13 dollars I believe. This pizza had to be the CHEEZIEST pizza I've had, the pictures certainly do not do it any justice. Plus is was as good as it looked, the slices we couldn't finish we took home and tasted just as great reheated. I was super happy I tried this place out, I've been looking for a late night place in San Antonio that offers food and a chill/comforatable environment. If you want to try a place that isn't like a clubby, bar type scene then you can really appreciate Faust Tavern. It's great for your group of friends when you want to go out but aren't really feeling up to putting on heels and makeup.
<review# 1019,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2013,3/2/2014,32,247,4,9,4>Celebrated my boyfriend's graduation dinner here this past weekend and as to be expected it was spectacular!! We had made a reservation ahead of time and as soon as we arrived we were led to our table in the main dining room. We started with Partida Margaritas, the Antipasto plate (an assortment of charcuterie and cheeses, olives, dried apricots, green apples, grapes and dates, served with an assortment of breads and crackers) and the Calamari (fried with escabeche, jalapenos, zucchini and squash, served with a super yummy spicy tomato aioli). Both appetizers we delicious and could have been a meal in themselves. For our main entrees, three of us had the amazing Zinc Burger (still as delicious as the first time I came here). My boyfriend had Ancho Crusted Short Rib Sandwich (tender short rib braised in a wine sauce topped with sriracha, arugla, tomato and onion, and served with a warm potato salad) and said it was very good. My boyfriend's mom ordered the Churrascos of Grilled Shrimp which she said was very tasty. We all left happy and full. The service was excellent and we all look forward to returning.
<review# 1020,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2013,3/1/2014,95,251,3,11,6>I am so happy to have found this place and thank you so much to fellow Yelpers for helping me find it!I recently enjoyed a wonderful Sunday morning yoga class. The instructor greeted me personally and was also available after class to answer questions. I really appreciated that. She is a quality yoga instructor and I have discovered that those are hard to find. In addition, I have also discovered that regularly scheduled yoga classes which are not cancelled at the last minute are also hard to find. I emailed the owner of this studio in advance to ask about their cancellation policy and she responded quickly to my email assuring me classes are rarely cancelled. Yay!I think I found my new "home away from home". I feel very comfortable here. And after class I can run over to my favorite veggie restaurant, Green. It is a bit of a drive for me to get here, but worth it. Oh, and they offer a military discount!
<review# 1021,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2013,2/28/2014,54,115,3,5,4>We were lucky enough to find this place thanks to Groomers email notification. They were there from 11-1pm today & it was quite impressive. We had the crab cakes - 2 fried crab balls of shredded crab & some other ingredients sitting on to of a bed of mixed greens & some tomatoes with a light vianigrette and a dollop of a cream dressing. We had the shrimp po boy - this was also nicely done served with potato chips. The shrimp was coated lightly with panko- they were very good though I did expect a few more shrimp. I like my po boys to have a bit of shrimp with every bite. The sandwich was in a nice solid roll - soft but did not get soggy even though it contained slaw in the sandwich. Luckily we were able to try the shrimp & lobster roll- I say lucky because soon after we ordered they ran out and it was only 1130!  Whew! This roll was very tasty. It had a nice buttery flavor. The shrimp & lobster were sitting on a bed of lettuce on the same roll like the shrimp po boy. It was served with sweet potato fries. The fries were really good but different than fries I've had before- they were almost dehydrated. I don't know how to explain but I would definitely order them again. Find them if you can & go. I don't think you will be dissappointed. They are on Facebook for sure & twitter I'm sure to let you know where they are at.
<review# 1022,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2014,2/27/2014,84,194,2,7,5>I thought I had rated this place before, but I couldn't find my previous review so here it goes.The Bahn Mi is fabulous. It encompasses everything a perfect sandwich should be.  It's full, the balance is perfect, the bread is hot and crunchy on the outside... Paired it with an Asian dumpling soup and a lemon bar.If I could've ordered more, I would've... But there's always next time The Asian dumpling soup is the right mix of flavors, perfectly brothy and the dumplings are small and delicious.My lemon bar is enormous and delicious... But I also saw French toast bread pudding in the bakery encasement... no way!!! (I'll have to try that one next time!)Four Kings, I love how your menu is more unique than a standard sandwich shop. You change it up, but keep it real.You are gaining quite the following!Keep it up! You have won me over as a permanent happy customer!
<review# 1023,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2011,4/5/2011,72,119,3,5,4>Best gourmet cupcakes I've had in quite some time. Just a great overall total package. Cake was fluffy and moist, had great flavor, and acted as the perfect vehicle for the frosting of the S'mores and Hummingbird cupcakes I purchased that day. Frosting not too sweet or heavy, but still substantial enough to make you feel like you ate REAL frosting and not whipped topping or straight up butter. At $2.50 per cake, I'd wish they were larger, but the proportions might get off, and then I'd be less pleased with them. I'm thinking that sometimes the bakers know best when it comes to this and not giving into customer gluttony is a good thing. The owner was really nice and he definitely wants to make sure customers are happy. Daily specials reflect the weather/season. Good to know that I can find happiness just a few steps from work if events of the day start to bum me out. Normally, I'd be thrilled to report that there is such a great new cupcake place in town, but the proximity to my workplace has my waistline in danger!
<review# 1024,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2010,4/4/2011,23,109,3,2,2>I'm mostly a vegetarian and mostly a healthy eater, but when I fall off the wagon, I fall off the wagon hard.  Enter Fattboy Burgers.  I needed something quick, it was nearby, and it had that squeaky clean look (apparently they've only been open for a month).  Don't let the unassuming exterior fool you; the interior is cute, clean, and retro-styled... a bit generic, but a little bit of black and white tile and red barstools never hurt anyone.  The burger was good, not exceptional, but that may be due to my lack of burger design skills.  GIven the plethora of free toppings available (grilled jalapenos, grilled mushrooms, and the list goes on) and the fact that I never outgrew the college mindset regarding free food, I ended up with a monster burger that far outweighed it's bun.  The fries, though, were delicious:  skin on and crispy, and just the right amount of salty.  The best thing about Fattboy?  It's not a chain.  I don't know what it is that I have against things that are mass-produced (cough*The Duggars*cough) but I liked knowing that I was eating at a family-owned restaurant, and they definitely take care of you while you're in there.  The owners are very friendly and attentive.
<review# 1025,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2010,4/3/2011,157,156,1,4,2>I came here with a friend just to poke around and walked out with a replica of Melania Trump's engagement ring.This is a fun store to shop at. They sell copy jewels. Their jewelry make be fake but it looks fabulous. They have famous people's engagement rings and other famous jewelry on sale. Some of it was a tad pricy but I'll note that it looked nice.The sales people were friendly and unlike jewelers who sell real stones, NOT pushy. I will come here when I need a unique gift.
<review# 1026,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2010,4/2/2011,131,57,4,5,3>I'm by no means the first to write a glowing review about this local gem, and I'll surely not be the last to gush about Freetail.  I have such respect for what the owner, Scott, has created, and how he has raised the bar for craft brewing in central Texas.The beer: Brewed entirely in-house, the menu rotates seasonally.  Regardless of if you're a beer snob or a total novice, there is bound to be something on the board you'll delight in.  Options run the gamut from fun & funky flavors like a wheat beer brewed with algea (its minty green!) or prickly pear (it's a gorgeous orchid color), as well as seriously legit hoppy/heady wonders.The food: Simply epic pub grub!  Highlights on the menu include a BBQ brisket pizza that I want to make out with, tasty appetizers to share with friends, salads, sammiches, and some seriously tasty mac & cheese.The atmosphere: The patio out back is a great spot to relax and catch up with friends  Inside is laid back, but with lots to take in.  Giant screens with several games on, funky decor, an open concept kitchen with a giant brick pizza oven, not to mention the tanks & brewing facilities behind the bar.  The patrons are generally very nice and friendly (most beer snobs are, I find).  Sports fans, beer jocks, business men, single gals, families etc - plenty of eclectic people watching opportunities.When to go: Often!  I'm not a regular yet, but I'm working on it.
<review# 1027,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2010,4/1/2011,42,75,1,2,2>My husband and I went here for dinner on a Tuesday night. There were only a few other diners there so we got seated quickly. Our waitress was very attentive and knowledgeable about the menu. I had the house specialty pizza of the day which included prosciutto, red onions, chicken, mozzarella and rosemary. It had great flavor and I was surprised by how much I liked it! My husband had the duck. It was tender and flavorful. All in all great dinner and great service.
<review# 1028,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2010,3/31/2011,32,32,3,18,16>Three words and three words alone describe this place: Yummy Mango Delight.  Yes it sounds like a bad tropic porn movie, but it really describes the best thing on the menu at Thai Topaz.  This small family run Thai restaurant just north of the medical center on Huebner is an excellent quick service Thai restaurant.  The menu is limited but it doesn't matter because most of the items offered are very good, especially their signature Mango Delight and the Pad Thai.  Each dish you order can be customized in its level of hotness and for a spicy food fanatic like myself this is heaven.  For those of you with less tolerance for the blazing heat the lower levels offered (1's and 2's) are just right for a small amount of spice but retains all the flavor.As other reviews have stated, this place can get very busy at lunch, however I have never waited more than 10 minutes or so to get my food.  The only down side is the lack of a fountain for sodas, as I tend to drink Diet Coke like its oxygen, but this is a tolerable limitation given the excellent quality of the food prepared here.An additional plus in my book is the service, they are always fast and friendly.  One evening, a woman whom I would describe as a manager took our order and took excellent care of our 3 year old.  She even asked the cook to prepare something off the menu (rice noodles, veggies, and chicken) as my daughter was being a bit obstinate.  That kind of attention does not go un-noticed and ever since then we have tried to visit Thai Topaz as frequently as possible.  For you first timers here are my recommendations:Appetizer:  Thai Topaz Sampler (great assortment of spring rolls, and crab rangoon)Main Dish: Spicy Mango, Pad Thai, or Chicken Pad Woon And don't be surprised if you run into me there during a lunch hour rush shoveling Mango Delight into my mug.
<review# 1029,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2010,3/30/2011,88,312,3,10,4>I almost gave up on the ability to buy fresh seafood in this landlocked, coast-less town... then came Groomer Seafood!   I will not be going to HEB for my seafood any longer!  Groomer Seafood is located in a warehouse right next to the airport.  I believe they supply a lot of the restaurants in town as well.  I'm not sure when they opened their storefront for retail customers, but I'm glad they did!  When you walk in, you'll see tons of employees in the cold section prepping all their products.  Take a small sheet and write down what you want, or the employee can write down what you want.  They'll pack your order in a box and you'll be on your way to enjoying some of the freshest seafood in SA.They have weekly specials so check their website or sign up for their newsletter.  The prices are usually cheaper than HEB, but I would pay more for the freshness of the products.  I purchased mussels and shrimp last time.  Out of my 3# bag of mussels, I only had a few dead ones.  Even though it's a good 20 minute drive from my house, this place is worth the trip.
<review# 1030,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2010,3/29/2011,109,306,,3,3>I love Klusoz. I've been several times. Here are the facts (and a little opinion, heehee)Not hard to find. Once you get a general idea it's easy to spot.Nice atmosphere and has a patio. I go on Thursday nights and there's an AMAZING happy hour. $2 for almost everything at the bar. It's awesome. Has a stage and has good Latin music when the live band is there. It's a little weird when people dance up there though when there's not a performer. The stage is too high to really be a dance floor but by golly those girls will make it one! The amount of girls dancing on thatstage can get silly at times but you can blame it on the abundance of $2 drinks...It's not quite set-up to be a dance club though people attempt to make it one because when the music is on, it's good. Small selection of food but it's always good. I like it. I've always had a good time every time I go...
<review# 1031,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2010,3/28/2011,52,218,3,3,2>The only qualm I have with this place was the name. I found this little gem when I was getting gas at the shell across from Dixies. The name caught my eye because I am a country music fan and always looking for new venues. Unfortunately, this was not the case. It's definitely a rock venue but this was where my disappointment ended. The daily drink specials are amazing. My personal favorite is "Whiskey Wednesday". But what is pure gold are the dollar lonestar/ lonestar light till 8 and then it goes up a whopping .50 cents after 8. I am here for happy hour just about every Wednesday. On a side note the Jukebox has a great mix of stuff and the bar staff is very friendly. It's the kind of place where they remember your face and that is something you don't see all the time now a days. Well that's my two cents. Hope it helps!!
<review# 1032,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2010,3/27/2011,13,73,3,4,3>What can I say? I thoroughly enjoyed this place.It's got a great laid-back atmosphere which you can feel immediately from the yellow walls, local art and great patio.  The food is cheap, creative and it's got tons of great options. If you don't like their combinations (who doesn't want bacon wrapped hot dogs with guacamole) they have a ginormous condiment bar. No one has mentioned the sides. I had the onion rings. Perfect. Crisp thick breading. Nothing soggy here. Great flavor.I had no idea it was BYOB. I'm coming back for sure.
<review# 1033,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2010,12/12/2010,0,2,2,5,2>The 11th Annual Festival in 2010 was host to a myriad of activities including traditional Scottish heavy athletics, Celtic dance and musicperformances, a solo bagpiping competition, geneology information in the Clan Village,children's activities in the Kid's Glen,Living History activities and seminars, parade of Scottish dogs, and sheep herding trials. No matter your taste - you will find something to enjoy at the San Antonio Highland Games and Celtic Music Festival.
<review# 1034,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2010,12/11/2010,81,22,2,3,2>I have no dogs, but wanted to check out the park with my hubby and younger daughter, age 9.  We only visited the playground area, and was very impressed. The playground equipment was unique and FUN! Even the hubby and I got on and played with our kiddo.  Also impressive was the walkways and ground covering around the equipment, it's soft and comfortable to walk and play on. I definitely want to go back and check out the hiking trails sometime. If you have kids, take them to play at Hardberger Park! They'll have a blast!Oh, timing...we went on a Thursday evening around 6pm. There were a few families around, but it definitely wasn't crowded. There might be peak times that could get congested, but while we were there, it was nice and peaceful!
<review# 1035,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2010,12/10/2010,130,7,3,6,6>San Antonio needed a place like this with Terrific food and fun place to meet friends.  Also wines you aint gonna find in most places.  The place is way cool and has a great vibe.  The menu changes - think tapas meets small plates meets reasonable prices.Go.  Go again.  If you are from out of town, pass on the Riverwalk stuff and head over to Southtown.
<review# 1036,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2010,12/9/2010,13,24,1,8,2>Bring a large group of friends and share one of the large meals that is all inclusive and split the cost. That means meat skewers, grilled veggies, baba ganoush, hummus, tabouleh, fresh naan, and so much more!!There is also this spicy red ppr dip that everyone should try if they like a little spicy/tart dip to go with the savory baba or hummus. If that doesn't get your tummy singing then you must be a brick wall... Finish with a turkish coffee and share a few hookahs. It's such a fun experience. I wouldn't  go for a quick lunch, it's the type of place the whole gang should meet up at and have a great family style meal. Oh and it's byob and there is a liquor store right next door. That makes it a hidden SA gem!
<review# 1037,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2010,12/8/2010,22,6,2,5,1>This is a very small bakery that is also a small cafe. It has a cute logo and thought I'd stop in and give it a whirl. The smell when you walk in is comforting...like you just stepped into a house. It is quite small with only 3 tables available to sit down and 2 big chairs with a coffee table. I will leave out my experience with a pompous man taking the last table even though I am clearly pregnant and there was no where else to sit because that has nothing to do with the shop! LOL! Back to the bakery...There is a daily special on a chalkboard that was a ham and cheese panini with a soup of the day as well. I passed and looked over the menu. It does not have many choices, but since this is probably first and foremost a bakery, I do think they offer a fairly broad selection. They even had a vegan sandwich to choose from. I think I might go back to try that another time. I'm not vegan, but I would love to be and it looked delicious. Instead I ordered the chicken salad sandwich on wheat. It came out fast and while I waited a gentleman instinctively brought me a water and some napkins because I didn't order a drink. The food came out quickly (faster than the pompous windbag's food to his obvious dismay). On to the food. The sandwich came with a bag of lays potato chips, that I really don't like. I would have maybe liked a choice between chips or perhaps a salad. There was also a little treat on the plate: it was what appeared to be homemade pickles. Slices of cucumber soaked in a sweet brine - YUM! I thought about asking if I could order a jar! Perhaps if they end up a success someday, these will be available commercially at my local grocery store! One can hope! The chicken salad was good, a little too much mayo and it was topped with fresh wild greens. Some of the greens were a little wilted, but not enough to make it unappetizing. The bread was fresh and soft; I'm not sure if it was made there, though because it is a bakery, I'm thinking yes?? Overall, a good experience. The food was good, other than the chips I took with me to give to my husband or maybe a homeless person as I was walking back to the office. Like I said, I will probably go back and try the vegan mock egg salad and maybe the tuna salad.
<review# 1038,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2010,12/7/2010,10,67,2,2,2>I just had to write another review for this place to let everyone know that they have to try this place. It is getting colder and they are aware of that if you are going to drink outside. I was greeted by a very helpful hostess that picked my wine since I couldn't, lit a fire for me and gave me a blanket. If this isn't service. This place is a must for those who love wine. They do have an indoor area, but where's the fun in that? For two bottles and a plate of various tapas my tab was about $65. Excellent place for group events. Hint hint Krys :).
<review# 1039,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2010,12/6/2010,99,76,3,5,4>Shhhhh! I could get in so much trouble for this review. I was told specifically not to Yelp about it by my playcousin who's a regular here. But what he doesn't know won't hurt him, no?So we went on a Sunday morning and it was PACKED!    I got the Nando super taco ( shoutout to everybodys favorite Chitown yelper) which came with carne guisada, eggs, cheese, aaand bacon! All wrapped up in a tortilla bigger than the plate. Needless to say, it was big enough for breakfest and dinner (We were not hungry at lunch). Best of all, the quality didn't suffer beacuse of the quanity.  It was a really good  taco and they have a great green salsa. Verdict is on Rolandos is... solid taqueria with big tacos for cheap prices.
<review# 1040,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2010,12/5/2010,17,7,1,2,1>This afternoon we took a stroll through one portion of the beautiful S.A.M.A building (former Lone Star Brewery) and had to call it quits simply because it was exhausting. No one should be able to breeze right through exhibits as nice as these are in a single afternoon but rather make plans to return again and again to enjoy the intricacies rewarded by skillful placement with these pieces of art and installations.  I expect to make repeated trips to this location, take in as as much as possible and not miss a single thing offered. Whether it is a Free Tuesday or the regular admission price if you have the available time and interested in awakening your artistic and cultural spirit the S.A.M.A is definitely the place to begin your journey.
<review# 1041,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2010,12/4/2010,28,83,,3,2>As local music venues go, I usually go out of my way to stop by if they have a decent act performing here.   In recent weeks I've seen : David Bazzan (of Pedro the Lion)  and We are Scientists perform here....They recently had : Apples in Stereo on their billing but I was out of town...   All the shows were brought in by Twin Productions.There's a space downstairs that's had DJ's spinning during those shows but I didn't stick around long enough for their sets to comment on it.   I recall some couches and Clockwork Orange artwork (Alex) on the wall...  a nod to the Moloko bar I guess.
<review# 1042,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2010,12/3/2010,8,37,1,1,1>Visited yesterday because of a recommendation I got in an email - Yelpiest Gift Guide. I was not disappointed. What a wonderful store. I was able to purchase many educational toys and whittled my Christmas list down. In addition, they had great stocking stuffers. The layout of the store was great, lots of room to move around and it was very organized. Plus I loved the little Smurf figurines!Only reason I didn't give it 5 stars was the employee/cashier, while nice, was ill - coughing and sneezing. Poor guy should have been home in bed. I sanitized my hands the minute I left.Overall love it and will definitely visit again!
<review# 1043,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2011,2/13/2011,108,275,1,3,2>This was a wonderful New Year's Eve meal that was decided on last minute.  Two options were available: 1) 4 course dinner with wine pairings with appetizers before dinner in the wine cellar, or 2) 4 course meal without wine pairings/appetizers with meal in bistro.We decided to go with option 2 and select our own wine......dinner was absolutely delectable, waitress- awesome, atmosphere- romantic, timing-perfect, temperature- just right......5 stars all around.....
<review# 1044,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2011,2/12/2011,10,67,4,4,1>Once again, I went in, and I went in big. If my interest is piqued by something, I do a little recon, then blindly, an all out blitz. I wanted to learn how to play guitar, so I bought a 400 dollar guitar and acquired a 600 dollar Marshall amp. People would mention, "you know they have beginner packages for $150?"    Well there I was, it was my first time to Government Canyon and I went for the biggest trail they had. "Our Wildlife area is only open 3 months out of the year," offered the friendly park attendant. How could I miss out on an opportunity like that. Well to cut the story short, once I reached the midpoint I was out of water and almost out of daylight. What frightened me was that around this time of year in that area, it's said to be pitch black around 6pm. Luckily this park is mostly made up of trails meant for beginners like me and it wasn't too strenuous. After 6 hours of hiking I left the place elated and with a sense of achievement. Definitely something worth checking out. On another note, I noticed that I was the only one in the wildlife area that day, as far as I could tell ( my face cleared all the spider webs and thorns that spanned across the trail).
<review# 1045,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2010,2/11/2011,84,194,2,5,3>My friend I discovered this by accident, but we are so glad we did.  We were actually looking for another restaurant nearby which we found, but it was closed.  She was hesitant to try it because she is vegan, but I said I'd go in and ask if they had any selections for her.  The waitress handed me the menu and showed me the menu, which had a nice list of vegetarian meals (they looked to be vegan as well) and I glanced at the appetizers which also had some vegetarian/vegan choices.I went back out to the car and told my friend and she seemed a little hesitant still, but decided we should eat here.The restaurant seemed newly renovated and painted, and when I went to check out the bathroom later, that whole dining side and restroom area seemed almost like they had barely finished renovation, and/or still working on it.  The restroom was clean though, always a plus.  The colors and decor of the restaurant part were nice and seemed to fit well, ceilings were maroon, walls of the restaurant were yellow, but it was perfect.  Since it was off in the corner of that shopping center, it made the inside look warm, welcoming and happy. The waitress brought us our own pitcher of water and two glasses and left them on the table and asked if we wanted sodas or anything else, which we said no thanks.  Although it didn't seem like the norm thing to do around here, I preferred it, and it's far better than an overbearing waitress that comes around way too often (AKA Formosa Gardens).The menu had some interesting selections... middle eastern food, but hot dogs too? I found that a little strange, but who knows, they could be good.Anyway, we ordered an appetizer called Baba Ghanooj which was a very tasty eggplant dip with spices (check out the menu on their website) and for a meal I ordered the number 8 - Mosabaha - cooked chick peas with tahina sauce and mixed with fresh garlic, lemon juice, and fresh peppers. Topped with olive oil.My friend ordered number 9 - the falafel platter - half dozen, fresh and hot, made from chick peas mixed with herbs and their own spices, served with cauliflower, eggplant and Jerusalem salad.  There was so much food, that we shared it all.   We couldn't finish even half of it, so we had it the rest boxed for later...yum!Another great thing, our waitnress came back to our table and said we get free drinks with our meals and again asked if we wanted soda.  We said no soda, but lemonade sounded good.  Their lemonade was awesome! We both loved it.Then she brought us a plate full of fresh watermelon and said it was free.  We were both thinking it doesn't get any better than this.  These small, new restaurants really know how to get their customers to come back.Sure enough, it is only one month old - their grand opening was on July 1 2010.The last great thing I'd like to add - our food cost about $14 total (without tip included, but we both left good tips of course).  Very, very good food for the money.  We left there ecstatic, full, and excited to come again.  I highly recommend it.
<review# 1046,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2010,2/10/2011,26,59,1,1,1>Magnolia Pancake Haus is definitely the place you want to go for breakfast, but don't go if you don't like to wait. If you go on Saturday or Sunday, be prepared to wait at least 30 minutes to be seated, which isn't really all that bad when you actually taste the food. If you go, try the Munchener Apfel Pfannekuchen (basically a big pancake with sliced apples and cinnamon baked into it), me and my girlfriend loved it, and it comes with homemade whip cream that is just awesome. But I for-worn you, this thing is massive, and it will be plenty for 2 people with 1 side. The only knock I have (and why it did not receive 5 stars) is that our waiter had too many tables to take care of because they are always so busy, that he sometimes forgot about us. I would still recommend this place, and we will definitely be going back!
<review# 1047,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2010,2/9/2011,25,319,3,2,1>I go here several times a year, but probably not for the reasons that you think. Their daily lunches are okay - nothing special - but definitely okay. HOWEVER - their desserts are the yumm-yumm-yummiest! I drive all the way across town to pick up a special ordered tiramasu cake at least once a year, which, by the way, they serve at Piccolo's restaurant. So, if you've had the scrumptious tiramasu at Piccolo's - this is where to get the WHOLE cake. The whole cake! I get giddy just thinking about it. Anyway - it's a neat little cafe that holds the secret to the best Italian  desserts in San Antonio. No kidding it's the yum-yum-yummiest tiramasu cake on the planet. Mmmmmmmmmm!
<review# 1048,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2010,2/8/2011,62,187,1,4,>Always look in the Sunday's paper for a 40% off any regular price item. There is a great selection of many arts, crafts, and decorative items. I guarantee you won't walk out empty handed. Just walking into the establishment will get your creative juices flowing. Would've given 5 stars but they are lacking in great customer service! I wasn't greeted when I walked in and when I check out, I received some rude service. After laying all my items on the counter, I handed my 40% off coupon to the cashier and Theresa stated....I should've given the coupon to her 1st because she was going to have to void everything and redo it...like I work there and know cashier protocol! Overall, it's an awesome store!
<review# 1049,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2010,2/6/2011,60,112,1,8,4>A good taco starts with a great foundation - the tortilla.  The tortillas at Chela's are some of the best I have ever tasted and believe me, I have tasted plenty.The tortilla is only the start.  I tried Chela's for the first time this past Wednesday for lunch.  Their carne guisada has a great taste and the meat is melt in your mouth tender.  I also had the asada taco and a lengua taco which were just as awesome.If you're a hot salsa lover like me, you'll love both their green and red salsa.  Combined with great service, this is one of San Antonio's best kept secret.
<review# 1050,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2010,2/5/2011,176,153,2,6,7>Ever since the location on N St Mary's closed I make the pilgrimage over to the Teka Molino on San Pedro about every other month to get my Teka fix. This place has an interesting old school version of Tex-Mex that's not quite like anything else in town. They grind their own masa in house and besides tamales they make some pretty interesting items with it - they have guacamole cups, bean cups and cheese cups that are little masa cups with the filling inside - really tasty! They also do fried cheese tacos which are like little masa empanadas filled with cheese that they deep fry. The green enchiladas are nice, as are both the breakfast tacos and puffy tacos, but I usually get the Teka Treat which comes with 2 flautas, queso, a bean cup, a fried cheese taco, rice and a drink for $8.59 - yummm!!!
<review# 1051,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2010,2/4/2011,70,182,4,3,1>Hands down the best sweets bakery in town.  Maybe even the state (probably ties JD's in University Park).Tom's little bakery really rocks it.  So much so that they had to move across the parking lot to a bigger space to handle the volume.  They do custom wedding cakes (never been married so I can't say first hand), cupcakes, and most importantly - cookies.  I stick with the snickerdoodle but you can't really go wrong with any of the options.  Everything is perfectly moist and dense, just the way a perfectly baked sweet should be.  If you ever need a gift for a group or something, they sell tins of their cookies and you really can't do much better than bringing one of those as a "thank you" or an "I'm sorry I ran over your cat" or what-have-you.  Oh, and everything's really reasonably priced.
<review# 1052,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2010,2/3/2011,27,81,2,4,2>I decided on this place for Sunday lunch based on the Keran and Farhan's reviews.  The interior is clean and decor is a bit sparse.  Our waitress was friendly and very helpful.  She started out by saying that the place is Pakistani and NOT Indian.  Which of course may explain other reviews where it seems people come here looking for heavily spiced Indian food.Our order consisted of samosas, nihari, and beef seekh kabob.  The samosas were nicely spiced and full of ground meat.  They were served with a green dipping sauce that tasted of spinach and mint.  The beef nihari was served with naan and both servings were generous.  I can't begin to explain how this dish blew me away.  The spices were subtle but build upon themselves with each bite.  I didn't even care if I ate meat, just the gravy and naan were great.  The beef shank was super tender and you could tear it apart with a fork.  The waitress's tip of squeezing the lime in and mixing the nihari before consuming was spot on.  My beef seekh kabobs served with basmati and small salad were also very good but completely overshadowed by the other dish.I will definitely be coming back to try other dishes.  Make sure you check them out on the weekend as the nihari and some other dishes are only made on the weekend.
<review# 1053,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2014,6/28/2014,232,125,3,4,3>Everybody is a martini type if you come in here! I was the type that only liked em dirty till I came here. Awesome space and location that will change anybodies mind on a martini. They make a martini that taste like any and everything. Really? Who makes a Samoa (girl scout cookie style) Martini?!?!? Yeah they have it and it rocks! In town for the night, weekend or week check it out mix with the locals and don't worry about being dressed to the 9s. I've been in a suit and I've been in shorts and a tee. Oh and the size of that shaker tin wowza!!
<review# 1054,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2014,6/27/2014,87,210,3,8,5>Finally got to this place which is sad considering it's 5 minutes from my house!  Plus the days we've wanted to go the weather was crumby and sitting inside makes me a sad panda.So we sat outside last night and it was beautiful. There's a resident stray cat, super friendly and would walk around the table purring. Has got to be someone's or a run away. The bartender was the sweetest lady - welcomed us for the first time as she didn't recognize us. Yep, this is a local hangout for sure. Told us the place is usually packed on weekends but there was some event going on in Bandera which is where most of her regulars were.  We only had 1 beer, enough time to relax and just enjoy the surroundings. I'd say 2 dozen picnic tables are outside - all under a "roof". Indoors has 2 or 3 long cafeteria style seating, a few pool tables, and dart boards. It's pretty large - I was expecting a cramped space judging by the exterior.  It's definitely not a sports bar, I recall only 1 TV. They had over 50 beers on tap {I previously reported 12... Never trust your husband to get you correct info ;-) } and large coolers with your typical bottles beer - those were only $3! Yes! We had 2 'on tap' beers, $10 total. Still not bad. They accept cards :-)Bathrooms were clean and more than 1 stall. Plenty of parking - there's a lot in front and in the back. There's a sign to not park on the restaurants side (in the front) b/c they are known for towing. I must add: you can purchase mix/match 6 packs and get 30% off... Or you can just buy whatever you want and take it home. Bar & beer pit stop in 1 place. Singhs food truck is located in the parking lot - hoping to check that off my list. We plan on going back today, this time taking the bike. Gotta take in the sunshine while we can!
<review# 1055,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/24/2013,6/26/2014,838,696,,6,2>This is the coolest outdoor music venue in San Antonio for a major show. It used to be a rock quarry for Alamo Cement, which has been thoughtfully converted into a great place to catch a show. It holds enough people to get some major acts through there. I've seen some awesome shows here. Rage Against the Machine, DEVO, Cypress Hill just to name a few. I once even met Bob Marley's mother here at the Reggae Festival! Parking is easy if you go park under 281 by the zoo. It's impossible otherwise. They've got a huge back area place to go chill out on the grass. Many of the seats have been torn out at some of their more raucous shows. But for the annual Taste of New Orleans Fest and the Reggae Fest, this place is the tops. Just don't try to sneak in on the north side of the pit.
<review# 1056,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2014,6/25/2014,25,26,1,7,4>I haven't written a yelp review in a long time. Did you miss me? I've eaten in a lot of places, but I've been so busy. However, last night I ate here at Restaurant Gwendolyn and it moved me, man. I don't know what to say that's not been said in the other reviews. I will remember this meal for a looooong time. I actually thought, "This must be what food tasted like a long time ago when there were no shortcuts ". Chef Michael really has a great palate. I don't know how to explain it, but I could taste every ingredient in the dish and he really has a finesse with fresh herbs and seasonings. We have a few San Antonio ueber-chefs who get a lot of press and open multiple restaurants and I love their restaurants. Yet, there was something that was on the next level for me at Restaurant Gwendolyn as far as the food goes. You can actually taste,smell the thought and care in this food on a very detailed, intricate level. I also think when local super chefs start building culinary empires, the food and service can start to be hit or miss because there's only one true maestro and he or she can't be in every restaurant they own. This doesn;t seem to have happened at RG yet, and I hope it never does because that would be a shame. The front of the house was also top-notch.Oh, if you are someone who is going to complain about portion size versus price. This is NOT the place for you. This is true food art and experience in one of its highest forms. Go to a chain restaurant if that's what you need. If you are a food novice and culinary words in other languages bother you and you think they are prententious...for the love of God, just ASK what the term means. Educate yourself.  Those words are the lingua franca of good food.I had the three course meal and it was sublime. I had amuse bouche of deviled quail egg, a first course of corn chowder (sounds boring, but trust me, DEVINE), roasted pork shoulder with a rich Arrabbiata sauce (I felt like I was living inside a tomato), and a sweet corn pudding with corn ice cream! As I sit here the day after, I cannot forget the meal I had last night. Is next week too soon to go back?
<review# 1057,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2014,6/24/2014,32,166,2,4,2>Curse you, Pam. Your Alex's Big Rip sandwich is one of the best tastes I've had in a long, long time. And when I eat something this good, this inventive, this satisfying I know it will become a craving. I know I will soon be compelled to head back to Pam's Patio Cafe for another hit. There is something magical about the combination of chicken salad, Russian dressing, guacamole, feta cheese and pickled red onions stuffed between two wedges of Focaccia bread that is simply blissful to me. I may never be able to try anything else on the menu. Loved the strawberry lemonade, too. Didn't love the chaotic ordering system and scrambling for seats, but what can you do? I'd probably do anything for another bite of Big Rip.
<review# 1058,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2014,6/23/2014,53,19,,8,1>I tried the fried shrimp plate, which I give 5 stars!! The breading on that shrimp was something magical...definitely something I can't recreate myself. I also tried the Ramen burger, which was OK. The ramen overpowered everything due to the abundance of it, definitely worth a try though! The chicken Katsu was decent, I've had better at Japanese restaurants, but the kids meal size was very adequate...enough for an adult who wanted to try 3 different dishes :)
<review# 1059,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2014,6/22/2014,21,239,,4,3>There are only two places we eat on the River Walk: Schilo's Delicatessen and Boudro's Texas Bistro. Our first visit to Boudro's was on our honeymoon in 1990, and we return there as often as possible. We've never been disappointed by the food, the service or the ambience.Their signature drink is the prickly pear margarita, which is refreshing and delicious. The guacamole (made fresh at your table) routinely wins awards for being the best in town. And their main dishes are spectacular. I am a big fan of the blackened prime rib, but everything we have had there has been outstanding.You'll need to plan ahead because it's a very small restaurant. If you have a group larger than four people, you should definitely make reservations. It's actually a pretty good idea no matter how large your party is.Give 'em a try!
<review# 1060,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2014,6/21/2014,169,520,2,5,2>This is some top-notch seafood fare in SA - here's why:Menu Selection - There are at least one dozen varieties of seafood as entrees, and the appetizer offerings include an oyster bar and sushi amongst the traditional caesar salad and calamari.Calamari Appetizer - crispy and so, SO well-flavored.  Although the sauce is advertised as spicy, I would say it simply packs a tiny bit of heat, not a lot.  Also, know that the sauce is a dressing, not a dipping sauce.  It is already on the calamari.Mahi Mahi Entree - mine was perfectly cooked and seasoned.  I had never tried caramelized endives, and I enjoyed them.  A sharper knife was needed to cut them, though.  The spaghetti squash was new to me, too.  It was a little too salty, but it was really well-balanced otherwise.  The potato lace is literally a rectangular prism of crispy potatoes.  I honestly found it to be the most amusing thing ever served to me.  To note, it was probably 10" x 4" by 2".... so funny.The wine selection was ample, and the ambience was certainly going for coastal and clean.  To add to my few cents, many of my friends from the coast (aka non-Texans) also find this to be closer to the fresh coastal seafood spots back home.  I recommend it.
<review# 1061,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2014,6/20/2014,53,201,3,7,5>Local Ice House! Nothing fancy, just an amazing place to come and chill, and hang out with your friends, and meet new people as well. I always end up having the best conversations here with the most interesting people. This place is Beer and Wine only and like a lot of Southtown, Cash only, but a lot of folks seem to prepare themselves for it because I always see a good crowd here, even when its cold out. There is a restaurant that has separate hours, and the food I've tried has been good This is a great spot to take a date after dinner where you can talk and get to know each other. I really like it here, come have some beers or wine, and make sure you tip the bartender!
<review# 1062,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2013,6/19/2014,169,83,4,7,5>We thoroughly enjoy Heavenly Pho (pronounced "fuh"). My wife usually gets a Thai curry dish or veggie tofu Pho and I have Pad Thai or a chicken rice plate. We also like the Vietnamese egg rolls. Our waitress on this recent visit, Nicole, was sweet and knowledgable, and the food came out in about seven minutes. Prices are reasonable. The only reason I'm not rating five stars is because of the somewhat generic atmosphere. The food was very, very good, however, so imagine that fifth star up there. Try this place. You'll enjoy it. Pho 'sho!
<review# 1063,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2011,3/6/2012,36,227,2,4,3>What a great place.  What I like about the Filling Station is that they do not slack on the important stuff.  A sandwich is best when all of the ingredients are fresh, bread and fillings.  And the bread is soooooo good.  The flour, the yeast, the other whatever ingredients they add and the patience, combine for the perfect canvas.  My favorite is the jalapeno roast beef.  Piled with the right amount of ingredients with just a hint of heat.  A few bites into it you feel the soft bread form around your fingers like memory foam, the cheese, the sauce, dripping so, just amazing.  Truly an art that these folks respect and uphold.  True bohemian bliss!  A must stop in San Antonio.
<review# 1064,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2011,3/5/2012,44,42,6,10,6>Conveniently located right off of nacodoches and wurzbach pkwy, this veterinary clinic gives the best possible care for your pet and for an affordable price! We took our cat Sonya here because she suddenly had an eye that was swollen shut and she was obviously in pain. When we walked in we were immediately greeted with a smiling, yet concerned staff. Within minutes Dr. Schnee (a very engaging Cornell graduate) greeted us and gently began examining her eye trying different methods to make a diagnosis. He eventually determined that it was just a scratch and prescribed some eye drops to help reduce swelling and prevent infection. After settling our very inexpensive tab the front staff thanked us and told us to keep in touch with our cats status. Within 2 days her eye almost completely healed and we received a friendly follow up call from Dr. Schnee as well as a thank you letter in the mail. It's unfortunate that many veterinary clinics that you visit these days seem to rob you blind and don't ever seem to care about your pet. VCA health associates is not one of them. I have never experienced such wonderful service from any other animal hospital (and trust me, I've been to a bunch!). I was also able to adopt a kitten (which we named Banjo) from VCA and so it turns out it is the most amazing kitten in the universe. I'm still not convinced that it's not a robot, that's how freakishly perfect this kitten is. They even threw in free kitten food!... or robot food. So if u have a sick pet or just wanna give them a check-up, looking to adopt a little fur-ball or if you're just in the area and wanna drop off a popsicle for Dr. Schnee (he likes popsicles) then make VCA health associates your go-to place for all your pet needs. Thank you VCA health associates on behalf of my wife and I, Banjo, and Sonya, we all raise our paw to our brow and salute you. Well done.
<review# 1065,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2012,3/4/2012,54,86,1,10,7>I went on opening night. I had the Jambalaya, the red beans, and the sweet potato pie.  The red beans were absolutely out of this world!!  Perfectly seasoned and a great proportion of sausage to beans. The sweet potato pie was like eating a little piece of heaven, creamy and thick and delicious :).  So the jambalaya, it wasn't my favorite jambalaya and I felt that the seasoning fell a little bit flat, but I'm going to give it another try because they are brand new and recipes are still being tweeked i'm sure.  I'm headed back tonight to try the etouffe.  They are super friendly and the lady in the kitchen looks like your grandmother, how could this food not be authentic and amazing!!!
<review# 1066,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2011,3/3/2012,17,47,1,3,1>There are not many places in San Antonio that have a great outdoor seating area, allow you to BYOB, encourage you to bring your dog and offers live music.  Fralo's Art of Pizza has all of this in addition to really great pizza.  After being a patron for years, I must take it for granted because I have yet to write a review.  No longer.I highly recommend Fralo's for the reasons listed above.  Whether it is a family event of 30+ people or just me and my fiancé, Fralo's has been a superior experience.  The Greek and caprese salads are excellent especially when followed with Margherita or Virginia pizza.  They have a Spanako pizza which has lamb and olives that I find to be a refreshing change from the norm.  You can also order your pizza to be made with whole wheat dough which actually is quite good.The ability to relax with your own cooler of beer or bottle of wine is one of my favorite reasons to dine at Fralo's.  The staff is attentive but not overbearing and even goes so far as to bring you ice buckets to keep your beverage of choice cool (Fralo's also now sells beer and wine).  This is especially helpful on those hotter days.  Be advised that if you do patron Fralo's on a busy night you should be prepared to give the kitchen some time to get your pizza out to you but that's why you come here to relax.  Cheers and I'll see you there!
<review# 1067,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2011,3/2/2012,14,42,1,4,1>One of the best restaurants I have ever eaten at. I could eat here everyday as we go as much as we can. The atmosphere is awesome and the food is incredible! Here are some dishes to try: 1. Table Side Guacamole 2. Empanadas 3. Posole soup 4. Carnitas You cant go wrong at Acenar and to top it all off, their cocktails are great and you will be back for more very soon! I have recommended this place to locals who haven't heard of it and to those who come for business and are looking for a local place to eat. If I was playing professional baseball, I would be batting 1000% with Acenar! We also held my wife's graduation party there as well and it was an awesome time. We had several friends and family members who had never been. They were blown away by the food and all said they would be back for more! We just ate there on a business dinner this week and can't wait to go back!
<review# 1068,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2011,3/1/2012,134,336,2,5,2>I love taking hula and tahitian classes by Kumu Napua and Kumu Kalani. It's a great way to get into shape and stay active. The age range for the class is from kids to women in their 30s. But in reality just about anyone can learn the dances and techniques in this dance academy. They hold classes at the FLEX STUDIO off of 281 & 1604. The best way to contact the owners/Kumus are by calling the phone number. The classes are welcoming, they treat you like family and accommodate each individuals needs and skill level on a case by case basis. (now if I can do hula and even dance some tahitian then everyone has a chance!)First classes are free so people can see what they're getting into. They also perform for personal events like weddings, graduations etc and that can be booked through their gigmasters website:http://www.gigmasters.com/Hula-Dancer/­Desert-Polynesia/
<review# 1069,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2011,2/29/2012,104,119,2,2,1>I've been meaning to go to Ocho Lounge for a while now, but just never really had the opportunity.  Tonight, I made it a point to finally get there.  My husband and I went around 9ish, and found a table right away.  We wanted to sit outside but there were no available tables on the patio (that's ok,...because it started to rain).  This place is super cozy and romantic.  It overlooks the Riverwalk (the nice, quiet, non-touristy part of the Riverwalk), and the ambience is great.  Our server, Jaime, was great, too.I had the mojito and we ordered the chorizo con queso and the churros to share.  Let me tell ya...I could have eaten a vat of that queso and still would have wanted more!  It was soooo incredibly good.  I'd put that mojito on my top 10 list for sure.  I've had some amazing mojitos (they're the national drink of Miami, ya know!) and Ocho's was definitely up there.  It came very close to the mojito I had at Under the Volcano in Houston...which is not an easy feat to accomplishThe churros were good too, but, for the price, I would have liked a few more on the plate. Regardless, we left very happy and will most definitely be back!
<review# 1070,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2011,2/28/2012,91,43,10,20,10>Unlike the guys on 'American Pickers' I don't have the time to canvas the back roads of America looking for "rusty gold". But that doesn't mean I don't want to go searching for some hidden treasure every once in awhile.That's where Bussey's comes in. Located on the side of I-35 North just north of San Antonio, this weekly hot spot for swappers & bargain hunters alike is my go to Sunday afternoon activity at least once every couple of months or so. There is as wide a variety of stuff here that you're likely to find anywhere. Some of it's good, some of it's crap. But you don't go to the flea market when you need to go to Dillards. You go because you are looking for that item you never knew you needed. Or maybe in the hope of coming across a hidden gem that will go great in your home. The odds of finding that piece can be slim, but that's part of the fun. You might walk away empty handed four times, but if on the fifth visit you find that item you can't do without, then it's all worth it. Now for the basics. Parking costs a buck. If you're like me and hate people milling around looking for a good parking space, just drive to the top of the hill and park there. always plenty of room. The best months to go are probably November through April when the temps are reasonable. It gets pretty hot there. If you go in the summer time, go early. Beat the heat and the crowds. Also, the place is kind of spread out in what appears to be a hap hazard manner so it'll probably take a few visits to get down the path you prefer to take through the market. So if you, like me, fancy yourself as an amateur American Picker, give Bussey's a shot. If you go in expecting to find nothing, then you'll always be right or pleasantly surprised.
<review# 1071,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2011,2/27/2012,60,112,1,3,2>After reading the Yelp reviews, I was on the fence to venture into this restaurant.  Since we had tried most of the local eateries for breakfast, we decided to give Mr. Tim's a try.  Needless to say, we found a new breakfast spot in the downtown area.Mr. Tim's does home cooking the right way starting with the freshly made biscuits.  The portions and prices are also very reasonable for it being a downtown restaurant.I had the pork chop breakfast, my wife had the build your own omelet, and my son had the bacon, egg, and cheese biscuit.  We were all very pleased with our orders and did not have room to order their gigantic cinnamon roll.  We will definitely try it the next time.
<review# 1072,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2011,2/26/2012,47,160,2,6,2>This Mexican Food is so incredibly delightful.  Thank you fellow Yelpers for hooking this guy UP!  I started with a couple of chips with the fiery salsa, then washed the heat down with some delicious Horchata.  Since Jägermeister  wound up on the menu of last nights Cinco de Mayo celebration, I knew I was in need of cheese and grease today.  I felt obligated to try at least 2 of the mini taquitos and opted for barbacoa and pastor.  This set me straight...but I should make you aware that neither meats needed any additional seasoning (other than a little fresh squeezed lime and onions).  I was craving some enchiladas so next on the agenda: picadillo enchilada plate.  The entire plate was the stuff dreams are made of...beans and rice were spot on and the cheesy goodness that topped the hearty enchiladas made me forget all about the Dos Equis and Jäger that was working its way out of my system.This is no Tex Mex...this is the real deal Holyfield.  It's very apparent that Taqueria Datapoint's roots are from the streets, and have transitioned nicely to an unassuming, yet clean, restaurant.This is THE BEST Mexican food in the Medical Center hands down.  Dare I say the best I have had?  Perhaps I should go again just to make sure...
<review# 1073,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2013,6/11/2013,1439,1280,21,20,18>**** I'm gonna pop some tags, only got twenty dollars in my pocketI'm, I'm, I'm hunting, looking for a come up, this is ****ing awesome!****Oh, COME ON.  Like you didn't think THAT song wasn't gonna come up AGAIN on a review for a thrift shop, right?Texas Trash is a funky & unique shop on McCullough.  I love TTCE because although it's a small place, they carry a wide variety of sizes.  Just like most other thrift shops, you just have to dig (although they do their best to keep it organized as much as possible).  As a few others have mentioned, the owner is super nice too.Andddd you GOTTA love a spot that had a fur (faux - thank goodness) coat.  It fit perfectly and I got to channel my inner "Macklemore".  See pic.  :P
<review# 1074,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2013,6/10/2013,188,95,5,7,7>Alright, here's my quick little review, Cupcake:Red Velvet - not too sweet, moist and creamy frosting. I would get this every timeCarrot Cake - I am usually not a carrot cake person but this was freaking delicious! Yellow Cake w/ Chocolate Frosting - Definitely not my favorite but its still really really good.Fudgey Brownie- Like the name, fudgey and chewy and yummy and just ridiculously addicting.Sandwich:Chicken Salad - Nomnom. Get it. You won't regret it.Pimento Cheese - Never thought I would like a pimento cheese sandwich but I think Bird Bakery changed my mind about that! I would definitely try it again.That is all!
<review# 1075,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2013,6/9/2013,46,93,5,7,7>Have you ever had a mouthgasm?An "orgasma in la boca," if you will?I have. And did. At Firebird.I have to start with the ambience, as I am a patio man.  I love a great patio, and Firebird delivers. You park and walk through this little entryway, step down to this beautiful patio - part of it covered by trees, the other by a gorgeous, elegantly-lit deck.  I saw a lot of the diners holding a beautiful margarita and immediately my friend and I ordered two.  See the photo I've uploaded - a work of art finished with a slice of lime, a pepper and - a requisite - salt.  $8.  Not a terrible price.  And it was absolutely delicious, as were the bottomless non-greasy chips and spicy salsas.Their menu is filled with fresh, light dishes, with plenty of Tex-Mex seafood dishes to choose from, especially.I settled on the red snapper tacos with cilantro rice and spicy black beans.  No lie - I devoured that dish in about five minutes. Absolutely outstanding.  The lunch price for it is $9. Dinner is a few bucks more because you get an extra taco - 3 instead of 2.My friend had something similar - a fish dish - and was just as pleased as I.The service was top-notch, with not only our server but a manager popping by our table, asking about the service, food and what have you.When I went inside for a restroom check (they passed, by the way; clean), the interior looked cozy with booths and a bar with ESPN on the TVs.  Looked like a fun atmosphere no matter where you sat - in or out.FYI, this is right next to Hofbrau on the western edge of the Quarry.  I'll definitely return. Soon. Great food, great patio, decent prices.  Count me in.
<review# 1076,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2013,6/8/2013,90,93,2,6,2>I've never painted anything before going to a BYOB class. With that said, I want to do it again! The atmosphere is wonderful as was our instructor who took the time to coach, encourage and help. Our group was fairly large (20?) but I felt like we all were sent home with a wonderful experience and feeling of accomplishment.
<review# 1077,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2013,6/7/2013,50,73,3,5,5>I cannot comment on the food here, but I do love the atmosphere, the drinks, & the bartenders. I have been here a couple of times after dinner elsewhere just for the drinks. First of all, I don't think many people know about this quiet, not so little spot on the River Walk. If you spend most of your time trolling the River Walk instead of street level, you may miss it altogether. On the River Walk entrance, it has only a small patio up a flight of stairs on the Houston-Commerce end of the River Walk. However, on Commerce Street, you can't miss the bright, red, neon sign "Esquire".As you walk in, it's like stepping back in time. With the velvet textured wallpaper, to the dark wood & dimmed, old-fashioned lighting, you are transported into a time of old. I love the antique mirrors & the deep, large, private booths with burning oil lamps. Definitely lends itself to a romantic night out or just a fun get together with friends. And then there is the drink menu! I have to make a note here: They drinks are pricey! That being said, it is still worth a stop for one, at least once. The drinks are just as old fashioned as the decor. All have strange, interesting ingredients that many of us have never even heard of. Some even have egg whites in them! I had heard of that before, but never tried it until The Esquire. Actually pretty good, if you don't have issue with consuming raw egg. I have had at least a sip of several of their drinks & they have all been good, even if a bit odd to my taste buds. It is the kind of place where your curiosity gets the better of you & you start asking everyone you are with if you can try theirs. Make sure everyone gets something different, as this can be quite a little trip for the palate. And if you don't know what something is or don't know what to order, the bartenders are fantastic! Just describe a bit of what you are in the mood for and voila! It's done.
<review# 1078,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2013,6/6/2013,80,87,14,10,7>I'm probably going to sound like a desperate heifer here, but damn...This place is absolutely amazing. I'm a baker myself and I still find it in me to set my alarm at 6 a.m. from time to time in order to beat the crowd and get a hold of their fresh monkey bread and their kolaches. And their cibata. AND their pies. I've pretty much tried and celebrated their ENTIRE menu. Because I'm worth it. Someone here praised their chai latte and I recently decided to try it. Its frothy perfection took over my will power. I ordered two. People, this place is amazing and the guy at the counter looks like Jeff Buckley so stop by one of these days. You are worth it, too.
<review# 1079,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2013,6/5/2013,242,220,4,7,5>Finding a new Brunch place is always fun, but add a beautiful location and you have yourself a winning combination! Located in the Historic district of San Antonio this beautiful hotel/museum/restaurant/gift shop is a must for not only tourist but also the locals. It was a beautiful Spring morning, the type that are rare in the Alamo city. Where scorching hot weather was no where in sight. It was a cool, sunny morning, and sitting outside was on the menu.On the daily menu PIONEER PLATTER was listed and it looked very appetizing. One Biscuit w/gravy, two eggs made to order, Applewood Smoked Bacon, Sausage Patties and served with Pioneer seasonal breakfast Potatoes. Wow! Not only was it a hefty serving, but it was freshly made and pleasing presentation. Fresh orange juice followed by a house prepared coffee. It's brewed coffee w/Cinnamon, Nutmeg and Vanilla, Yum! The only item missing was a Pancake, ordered one and it was fluffy and relish.My only complain was upon being seated we asked the server what the "funky smell" was. Her answer was "It's the fertilizer that gets sprayed every morning". We both looked at each other confused with her answer, why would you spray fertilizer in the morning when guest will be enjoying food patio side?
<review# 1080,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2013,6/4/2013,133,93,2,4,2>Luce is such a treat!  I recommend everyone go try this place.  The atmosphere is quiet and romantic, great for a date night.  They also have a front bar area where you can order wine and small plates.  This is, surprisingly, a great place for happy hour as the small plates and wine are a steal!  I will definitely be back with some girlfriends.Dinner was great!  If you have been here before, I recommend going back as the chef has recently return from a trip to Italy and will be trying out some new recipes.  We had an appetizer spread sampler, minestrone soup, seafood sampler entree, a nice cheese palate cleanser, and the tiramisu.  (I don't think I spelled that correctly!)  Everything was great!  I will definitely be back for the mussels - they stood out to me and were very good.  I have only had mussels a few times so I am no mussel master but these tasted very fresh and had great flavor.  The wine is also really nice here!  I would love to have a wine pairing meal here as I feel they could do wonders.  I had the house white and red and both were very good.  The owner is really great and will tell you everything you want to know about your dishes.  I feel the staff also have this knowledge of the food and menu and are great resources to learn more about the dish.  This is a little hidden gem in San Antonio and I feel privileged to have found this place!Side note - I just visited the website and they have done a re-design.  Looks very nice!
<review# 1081,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2013,6/3/2013,245,102,11,13,10>So, I'm sitting at the Boardwalk on Bulverde and I noticed a complete travesty: I haven't written a review for Winner Winner Chicken Dinner yet. Now, I try to avoid the UTSA area as much as possible, so I make it a point to find Adrian and his truck as often as I can at places like the Boardwalk on Bulverde or the Quarry Farmer's Market.  Not only are Adrian and Mimi two of the nicest people I've met, they also crank out some damn good food.  I'm working my way through the menu, but the one thing I never fail to get are the Guac-A-Bolas.  They've combined avocado, chicken, cheese, and some sort of voodoo, then rolled it up, fried it, and topped it with a raspberry chipotle sauce.  I can't explain it.  There are so many flavors going on that it shouldn't work together, but they just do and it's MAGIC.  And the grits?  I don't eat grits, thank you very much.  I eat these.  Only these.  They're soft and bacon-y with an oozy egg yolk running through it.  The Alpha Omega is amazing too.  It made me make some sounds that likely made my dining companions QUITE uncomfortable!  Literally everything I've had from WWCD has made me a very happy, very stuffed girl.  Get up early one Sunday morning and check out WWCD at the Quarry Farmer's Market.  You'll be glad you did.
<review# 1082,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2013,6/2/2013,645,1719,7,7,5>Love this dentist! His office staff are super friendly and polite, made up of mostly older white women (duh, this is Alamo Heights). Everyone is plenty courteous, and with my old health insurance he was covered with a nonexistent co-pay: SCORE! I'm not sure which doctor is Dirk: this is a father and son operation, and it seemed when I last visited that the young (and good looking!) son was pretty much taking over the business.The dental assistants I've had here are always super friendly and chatty, and always sure to thoroughly explain anything they do or answer any dental hygiene questions you may have.Exam rooms are clean, machinery/tools all appear sterilized and new, though the lobby is misleadingly outdated. Wish this place was still covered under my insurance so I could go back for a cleaning, but alas I am tasked with finding a new dental office!
<review# 1083,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2011,1/6/2012,140,168,2,4,2>I feel so lucky to have found this salon. Andrew and Julie are awesome - friendly, gentle, funny, and really care about their customers. The quality is excellent - I have been getting gel mani/pedi's that actually LAST!  I also get Julie to wax my brows - seems like a lot of people drop in for that service. When you arrive, they offer you a beverage and you instantly start to relax. They have good magazines to entertain you, as well. I highly recommend this place, except I hope it doesn't get too crowded!
<review# 1084,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2011,1/5/2012,23,119,1,9,3>So I'm actually Arabic so I am a little picky with the arabic restaurants in town.  I like Pasha, but think it's way overpriced (the main reason I keep going back is their frresh bread and zaatar as the starter).  And the Shisha Cafe has not bad food but I hate the atmosphere.  So officially, this is my favorite place to get Arabic food in San Antonio now!I've been here a couple of times now and I can't recommend it highly enough for a convenient bite of "Mediterranean Food."  Two of us at here for a total of about $23.  Now this includes a drink (soda or tea) and the buffet - and my favorite thing about this place is that you can order kabobs - included in the buffet price!  I highly recommend the chicken kabobs - they are soo delicious!!  Other than that, the buffet is nice and fresh, their selection isn't huge, but for the price it's such a great deal.  They have a few salads and hummus.  A few desserts.  And then several rice dishes - which have been my favorite so far!  I had a really yummy lamb and rice dish here, and an outstanding lentil and rice one.  My second favorite item here - their falafel!  I'm not a crazy falafel fan, but it's hard to refuse a good one.  And I have to admit, I could probably just come here and make myself a falafel sandwich and be ready to go.  It's really awesome.  The only thing I would love to see them improve is to have warm, fresh bread available.  (They have had some kind of pita out both times I was there).  Everyone who works here has also been so nice - I'm a huge fan and plan to come back many, many times.  Give it a try!!
<review# 1085,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2011,1/4/2012,89,112,1,5,3>I really enjoy this library. The librarians and staff are friendly and the layout is comfortable. I enjoy the couches by the front, and the quiet room that includes the magazine section. Their request/hold system is very efficient and I've watched so many movies and have read so many books thanks to this library. Also, I really love that the library system has laptop check outs. You can't leave the library with the laptop, of course, but you can "rent" it for two hours and use it anywhere within the library. Make sure you bring it back before the two hours or you'll be charged a $25.00 fee for any fraction of the hour to your account. You have to have your own flash drive and you can't print from the laptops but it's helpful if you want to surf the internet or work on some documents and not sit on uncomfortable stools. There a little more fine print to the laptop usage so make sure to ask.I love libraries to begin with, and am really thankful for the welcoming atmosphere at Tobin. Whenever I can, I donate some books to the library or even plastic bags that the library then uses to give out to patrons for their books. So please donate!!
<review# 1086,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2011,1/3/2012,157,156,,3,2>I came here last night and loved it.Making the reservation was very easy. I emailed them for a 7:00 PM Valentine's Day reservation and they replied back promptly. We got there right at 7:00 (traffic was a nightmare!), were greeted by friendly doorman and a nice hostess and sat at our table right away.I love the layout of the tables. There are many tables but because the dining room is separated into three sections by two big partitions, it feels like a smaller, more intimate room. I was lucky enough to get a table that had a good view of the wine girl. The decor was very nice.The salad bar was good. It had a selection of salmon, sushi, shrimp, salad, cheese and even had actual strips of bacon rather than plastic tasting bacon bits. The featured soup was a lobster bisque which I did not try. There was also potatoes au gratin and a  few other items on the warm table. My only complaint about the salad bar is that it didn't have enough greens selection.The drinks menu is impressive. They have a great wine selection and also offer margaritas, martinis, mojito, and traditional Brazilian caipirinha. I liked my drink. The pineapple juice was delicious.Now onto the meat.... My favorite was the sausage. Surprised? You're not the only one. I was shocked that I loved it as much as I did. I thought the sausage was perfectly spiced. It wasn't too peppery or too spicy. I also enjoyed the bacon wrapped filet mignon, filet mignon, and bacon wrapped chicken. They have pork, lamb, ribs, flank steak, and some kind of parmesan crusted chicken. All of the food was delicious. The garlic mashed potatoes were a tasty side and the cheese bread was equally wonderful.My server was Eddie. He was very attentive yet not intrusive. He was always around when I needed more water and another helping of mashed potatoes. He also helped me pick a drink at the start of my meal. Overall, it was a great dinner. I'd recommend it any of my friends.
<review# 1087,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2011,1/2/2012,118,76,7,11,6>Loved it!!! The Laugh out Loud Comedy club is located right next to the Alamo Draft House and was relatively busy the Friday night that I went. The comedian was absolutely hilarious (that's his job) but most importantly the LOLCC was an inexpensive and super fun way to spend a Friday night. At only $15 per ticket, its a bargain!! They offer two shows an early (8pm) and a late (10:15pm)... we opted for the late show and it was a pretty full house! The bar outside of the main comedy show area is a nice way to get a little loose before the show starts. They weren't overpriced drinks but they weren't terribly strong either. I noticed that they did have a food menu (not bad!) so if you wanted dessert or nachos etc they do offer it... although I found that only one couple in the whole club actually ordered food. You'll line up (like cattle) to get into the club and the waitstaff greets you and seats you around the room (line up early for a close seat!). But really with this small of a venue there are no bad seats. Just one level and a stage. The place is outfitted for a a couple hundred people at best and it is tables/chairs style with pretty nice (better than expected) decor. Two things to mention, the chair aren't terribly comfortable. They are basic wooden back chairs with a seat cushion, towards the end of the show my back was hurting a little. Second, it was VERY warm in the room. It was likely due to the lighting (spotlights/stage lighting etc) but either way, WARM! I loved this comedy club and I will be back!
<review# 1088,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2011,1/1/2012,12,32,2,2,2>This place is one of my favorite for mexican food. Their refried beans is as tasty as that of Jalepeno located in medical center. Very Yummy. I love their Chips, and Salsa. They serve 3 cups (super size ~150 ml each), one is hot (temperature), Mild (i say mild because the next 2 are even spicier, but this one has good amount of spice, and not bland and this is my favorite), 2nd and 3rd are medium and hot spice. Cant finish the medium and hot ones, but i end up taking 2 cups of mild salsa (temp is hot). I had their Chilaquiles, and just love it. Their super taco's are one to relish. As their Taco size is too big, you need to gulp fast to get all its super awesome taste, else it gets dry...and looses a little taste...A small serving their Guac is$3.25, taste is OK...Overall well worth the visit and will go again...
<review# 1089,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2011,12/31/2011,31,144,2,3,3>This is a great place to go for a variety of different reasons.  My top two is their good food and quick service.  When you arrive just find an open table and sit down.  Generally within one minute someone will come over and take your drink order.  The food is great and the breakfast tacos are large so don't let your eyes be larger than your stomach :).  They have a lot of great lunch specials with Chili Reno being my favorite.  They also provide a side order of beans that are just great.  But to date everything me and my lunch partners have had has been great.  One of my favorite aspects is how you check out.  When you are ready to go, just go up to the cashier and let them know what table # you sat at.  This enables you to check out as quickly or slowly as you would like.  Only bad side is parking so go early or late or expect to park and walk.  They do have a parking lot accross from the front door - look for the sign - but it fills up fast.  Take care and eat well
<review# 1090,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2011,12/30/2011,232,93,5,5,5>Words cannot express the pleasurable sensation I get when I stick a giant New York Style Frankfurter in my mouth... That in all honesty should say enough but I will elaborate. My best Friend Ender who literally the owners have asked him to do P.R for them - brought me here - even though it is actually located one block away from where I live. I ordered my frank and an Ice cold coke and paid next to nothing for it. The owner and his son were just chilling out after the lunch rush and were amazingly friendly. They brought out my food told me how everything worked and actually spoke about their food and the pride that goes into it..this is a NOM HOM situation to the 10's. Just like pringles!- You  can't have just one!
<review# 1091,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2011,12/29/2011,42,98,4,7,2>I'm not a huge fan of Vietnamese food, particularly pho, however on the occasion I do get a craving Pho Ha Long has been my go too! I've been visiting this place off and on for years now and the #12 is never a disappointment! Broth, noodles, and various cuts of beef. Another dish to get if you don't want soup is #28 which has rice instead of the broth. However, I could make a meal of just side items like spring rolls! Another item to note is the Vietnamese iced coffee. If you're a coffee junkie like me, this is a must! I also never leave without ordering bubble pearl tea. Taro is always my favorite and I always forget to ask for extra tapioca balls. All that said, the service some time's lacks. Initially they seat you fast and the food comes out in record speed. Quick enough to make any fast food restaurants blush! Yet, after you get your food you're on your own. Nonetheless, it's not enough to keep me away.
<review# 1092,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2011,12/28/2011,838,696,7,7,6>Wow! This place rules! Great bar staff! Friendly, attentive, and fast! They have loads of TVs to catch the game on, and a rockin' music selection. The crowd is a fun group. For the smokers, they have a large patio with ample seating, and these giant fans out there to keep things cool! The drink specials are really great- they had Rolling Rock for really cheap- I can dig it! They have this great drink that you have to try if you like Michaladas- it's called a Rim Job- a Victoria beer in a glass with the rim salted with chili powder salt. It sounds weird, but delicious! The food was great. Texas BBQ- the BBQ Nachos were absolutely heavenly. Sweet BBQ on a Nacho?! Why didn't I think of that!? I got the BBQ Brisket sandwich, the brisket was juicy, moist, and flavored perfectly. The fries were great. The bar was clean, and smelled nice (like BBQ!) Haha! The bathroom earns an extra star- the urinals have soccer goals and football field goals in them. I had drink a few more just to keep trying it out.
<review# 1093,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2010,11/10/2010,17,79,5,4,4>I would come here for the margaritas alone!The food here is very good but, the drinks are even better. The house marg is good but, I usually get the top shelf marg on the rocks and dang is it good! I am drunk off like 2 and don't even feel it coming (the way it should be with a good drink). Yah, they are pricey but, when you get what you pay for, then it's worth it.Food: the chips and salsa are pretty tasty, queso flameado is a really awesome gooey cheesey mess inside a tortilla. YUM.  I have also had the mole enchiladas (average), fajita meat (very good), and fish tacos (excellent).Downsides: parking is brutal and it gets pretty crowded and noisy here which I think takes away from  the ambiance and the generally laid back feel I prefer when eating.
<review# 1094,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2010,11/9/2010,190,445,3,4,4>Ive been to many a Toni & Guy.. Austin, Dallas, Scottsdale, Glendale. It takes 1 bad experience to make you wary. They are highly trained and skilled but sometimes you get matched up with a stylist that just isn't the right fit. I love their products, the atmosphere, the edginess but from experience its important for me to see the work of a particular stylist to decide who's right for me. Well since I just moved here I decided to go to Avant and enjoyed my color but not the cut so much (see separate review) and decided enough wasting time..it's time to go back to Toni & Guy... a brand I trust. After Krys' review of Bree I decided to give her a shot...I wasn't disappointed. Everything my cut lacked at Avant, Bree nailed. I got the funky sassy A-line cut that I wanted. The only thing I didn't care for was her yammering on and on about religon and her church..that was a turn off.
<review# 1095,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2010,11/8/2010,220,318,13,9,10>I was made to love the sushi. Here. At Niki's.I'd had the sushi before. In Tokyo, even! At Goro's. I'd been shown the flash, and I had not been impressed.Niki's simple equation of good, fresh fish and perfect rice did it.NOW I understand why people love-a the sushi so...I mean, I was MAKING NOISES, this stuff was so good.Total. foodgasm.I made love to the sushi. Here. At Niki's.
<review# 1096,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2010,11/7/2010,32,32,5,6,5>I was invited to meet some friends at Dulce Vida for brunch one Sunday.  And ever since I have made it a regular Sunday brunch meetup/hangout for friends and family.  Dulce Vida offers the some of the best authentic Mexican cuisine (not Tex-Mex) around especially for Breakfast, Brunch, and Lunch.  It also has a great service staff and management who really try to add that personalized touch to your dining experience. The menu is varied but not vast with just enough options to satisfy most of those south of the border food cravings.  The food is fresh and you know it because of the flavor and the time it takes to create your dish.  If you are wanting a super quick dining experience then Dulce Vida isn't the place for you.  While it does take a few minutes for dishes to prepare its not overly long and really allows for those present to have some pleasant conversation.  But back to the food, simply put it's really, really good. My personal favorite is the Machaca Plate.  Machaca is a marinated and dried pulled beef that is a traditional style meat of central and coastal Mexico.  At Dulce Vida they prepare it in the traditional breakfast manner with eggs and sides of rice and tortillas.  Besides the food tasting good and fresh, it is also excellently portioned.  Not so much that you're busting at the seams (aka Habanero's Burritos) nor is it so small that you are still hungry after finishing mopping up all of the creamy and smooth re-fried beans with your fresh handmade corn tortilla.  The Chilaquiles, Huevos Rancheros, Camarones a la Diabla, and the Chorizo and Egg Plate are some of the best I have had.  The ingredients never have that "frozen" flavor and are cooked just right.  With many things if you over cook eggs, shrimp, meat, or even beans it just loses all its good flavor.  This has not been the case at Dulce Vida, always well prepared full of flavor (salsa, sauces, and marinades are all good).  As the owner once told our table while checking in on us "we try to make good food so that people know about Mexican cuisine not just tacos and burritos".  And I have to say the food they are making definitely lives up to that mission.PS.  The drinks are also very good.  Their screwdrivers, mimosas, and breakfast/early morning style cocktails are well prepared and superbly balanced with just the right amount of alcohol.  And if you head there on any of the family member holidays (mothers day, fathers day, grandparents day, etc) the provide you with a complimentary mimosa or glass of champagne.
<review# 1097,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2010,11/6/2010,27,81,2,3,2>I've read many of the reviews and have been wanting to try this place for a while now.  The location is not quite visible from Sonterra, but knowing which shopping center made it easy.  We had no problems parking, but then again it was a Wednesday afternoon.  Walking I got a casual yet upscale feel, interior is clean and well lit.  Even though I knew I wasn't drinking wine, I couldn't help but notice their vast selection of wine.We were promptly seated and server came to greet us immediately after we got our water.  He explained specials for that day and brought our bread and cornbread shortly after.  Not only was their butter yummy, the cornbread also had great flavor.  I ordered the buttermilk fried chicken and hubby got the duck confit pizza.  When the food came out I was amazed at how huge the portions were, my meal could have easily served three people!  The fried chicken was phenomenal.  The spices are different from any other fried chicken I've ever had and it was perfectly salted.  Green beans were nice and garlicky.  Mashed potatoes were decent.  I also tried hubby's pizza, the crust was fantastic!  It was crisp on the outside and chewy on the inside.  Not quite thin crust, but just right.  The toppings were of course duck confit, caramelized onions and grapes.  Different but good combo.  We also split the dessert special for the day..almond cheesecake with strawberries.  I have to say it might be my favorite cheesecake ever.  The cheesecake itself had a wonderful almond flavor and the crust was perfect.Being that we are both on a diet and this was our "cheat night" we had a ton for to go boxes and were hoping to give it away to the homeless on some corner. This was well worth the extra calories!  We will back on another cheat night, maybe next month.  I will certainly opt for one of their "small plates".
<review# 1098,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2010,11/5/2010,42,75,8,5,5>I was walking back to my car from the Pearl Brewery farmers market lamenting over the fact that I forgotten to buy my favorite cookies from one of the bakery booths. My thoughts were in limbo- do I walk back into the madness or just let my sweet tooth suffer? Then I saw it: a pink van selling cupcakes. Perrrrfect!I couldn't decide on just one so I bought one vanilla chocolate and one red velvet. I justified this to myself by planning to share these with my husband. Only one problem- I took a bite of the vanilla chocolate and just could not stop at one bite...or two..or three..and that was how the first cupcake went down, before I even got back to my car. Now, being that the first one was so good, of course this had me wanting to try the second one. So.....I did. And I will tell you that the red velvet was better than any red velvet cake I've ever had. I'm proud to say I did manage to deliver one half eaten red velvet cupcake to my husband that day, although it took a lot of willpower.
<review# 1099,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2010,11/4/2010,74,116,2,4,2>We went to dinner with friends last night to celebrate Valentine's Day. We were a little concerned as we called ahead and were told that they were not accepting reservations and it was first come, first serve. However, we were seated as soon as we came in the door. The atmosphere was very nice. We decided on a bottle of the Cold Creek Chardonnay, which was wonderful. My husband had the Shrimp Paesano and I had the Snapper Crab from the Valentine Menu. We were both impressed with the amazing food. Not only was it beautiful, but it was probably one of the best things I have ever put in my mouth. It is not often that my hubby and I agree on five stars, but this is one. Everything about our experience, from the customer service to the dessert, was outstanding. Thank you Paesano's for a wonderful evening.
<review# 1100,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2010,11/3/2010,72,119,2,3,2>Me and the bf dined here on Saturday night and really enjoyed it overall. The ambiance is still as I remembered from hanging out there in high school. Love that the couches and coffee tables keep the people in for just drinks in a more intimate setting and those in for food with access to tables. Just head on over to the bar, look over a menu, and order... just like it's always been (which can be a little frustrating since there is no instruction to do this anywhere--you have to figure it out if you've never been before). It was a little busy when we arrived, but not bad, and there were still several places to sit available when we left around 9 p.m. The first few courses were just okay for me, but my bf liked them very much. We ordered the soup of the day (curried zucchini) and a caesar salad. The soup was very fresh tasting with a hint of curry, but was barely above a squash puree with stock added--really great and light if that's what you're looking for, but I expected a little more umph, I guess. The salad dressing was a little too creamy for my taste, but very good if you're into that style of caesar dressing. We also got a spinach artichoke dip that was too mayonnaise-y for me (I prefer the cheesy kind), but also really good if the Cali-style one is your preference. Our entrees were both pasta dishes. The Mediterranean pasta basically used the spinach artichoke dip as a base--which I liked in this warm presentation, just not the cold app. It was tossed with penne, and topped with olives, feta, and other veggies. The alfredo was a big hit for me, with the blend of veggies nicely complementing a creamy, but not greasy alfredo sauce. We ended the meal with a couple of coffees and a slice of Kahlua cake. The coffee was really great and made me think about all the years in school I'd corrupted it with cream and sugar. The dessert was a little on the sweet side, but the light frosting, moist cake, and hint of Kahlua made it a great compliment to the coffee. Will definitely be back in the future for a dessert and coffee nightcap at least!
<review# 1101,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2010,11/2/2010,47,7,1,1,3>La Gloria Ice House is one of my favorite places to grab lunch anytime of the week! Their Tacos Califas (battered fish tacos) are so delicious I almost never stray from them but today I let Chef Johnny Hernandez pick our lunch menu.We settled on the shrimp ceviche, vegetarian tacos (which look a little like enchiladas) and tacos al pastor. Let me just say everything was delicious. My roommate and I left La Gloria today absolutely stuffed.One of the great things about La Gloria is the fact that if you order a few items you can share plates. Tori and I feasted on the three items and could only rave about them. The ceviche, with fresh avocado, cucumber and red onion was absolutely tantalizing to the tongue. It was such a huge portion we couldn't even finish it with our other two entrees.The taco's al pastor reminded me of my trips to Mexico with fresh pineapple mixed in. Add in a few onions, some of their fresh avocado salsa and a splash of lime and it practically melted in my mouth.My own vegetarian tacos were filled with queso fresco and rolled in a corn tortilla that was spiced to perfection. Topped with crema, fresh vegetables and more cheese - what more could I ask for.To drink we enjoyed Mango agua frescas, perfect for a cooler San Antonio day. As we sat on the patio feasting, taking in the ambiance of the riverwalk I couldn't help but think is there any better way to finish our trip to the Pearl Farmers Market?
<review# 1102,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2010,11/1/2010,109,306,7,9,7>I absolutely love this place. I love the Teppanyaki areas where they can cook your food right in front of you and they always put on a good show. It's so much better than actually talking to the person that came with you while they cook your food in a kitchen somewhere! That's so 1990's...lol...but seriously, it's a great change-up from the norm. Their fried ice cream is really good too. I've actually driven across town just to have this dessert. This is a good casual first date spot. You can be entertained but still have some time to talk but there will never be any awkward silence since there is so much going on.
<review# 1103,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2011,5/8/2012,72,119,2,3,1>I rarely feel like laundromats are a place that you review, but this one is sparkling clean and has good working equipment, minus the one dryer I used (number 11 seems to have a much shorter dryer cycle time than the others if you go). Prices are good and reasonable--$1.25 basic washers and $.75 dryers. Olmos Perk is next door should you be there during their business hours. There's also a Thai/sushi place (YaYa's) and a bar (Thirsty Camel) if you need some food or a stiff drink to get you through. There are ample baskets and folding tables for use, unlike several other laundromats we've tried. Will definitely be my go-to place until we get our washer and dryer purchased and installed.
<review# 1104,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2011,5/7/2012,37,164,3,3,3>Pet Supplies Plus is a welcome alternative to both big-name national pet stores, as well as mega-retailers.  As Jeffrey H. observed, the range of food brands here is genuinely impressive, and I echo Krys's and Colleen's sentiments about the friendly employees.Some prices are higher than in other stores; however, I recently found cases of canned Friskies (what my plebian kitties, thankfully, prefer) for significantly less than any place else in town - including YouKnowWho [major discount retailer].Sale prices are usually very good; in addition, Pet Supplies Plus has a "frequent buyer" discount for people who purchase bags of premium pet food: every 11th bag is free! Reserved parking is directly in front of the store - so regardless of how busy Spectrum gets, you'll always be able to find a close parking space. :)And finally, every third Tuesday of each month - from 4 to 7 p.m. - is "Toenail Tuesday": a groomer, working for tips, comes to the store to trim pet nails.  Staffers have told me that she once trimmed a tortoise's claws (but if you have a really exotic pet, I'd call ahead to make certain she is equal to the task).
<review# 1105,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2011,5/6/2012,103,133,2,4,2>Started at Mission CrossFit a week ago!   The staff is great!  It's a very positive environment! Their Mission "No Matter What Your Fitness Goals Are, CrossFit Will Get You There".  CrossFit offers so much more than just a regular gym it's about a workout that pushes you out of your comfort zone and into the next level.  You aren't seen as men and women you here you have the same goal and the same workouts.  The workouts get intense and Drew always makes sure you are doing the movements correctly so that you don't hurt yourself or anyone else.   The group setting allows social interaction with other CrossFitters which helps you bond and become a team. They are open from 5:30-7:30 M-T, F 5:30-6:30, Sat 8:00am & 9:00am, Sunday 9:00am and 4:00pm.  All the coaches will help you achieve you goal and get you to the next level in fitness.  Come try a class for free!
<review# 1106,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2011,5/5/2012,22,52,6,6,8>So S and I play this little game where we take turns choosing where to eat.  Today was my turn because I do not cook on weekends.  Did a quick Yelp search for breakfast and this was the #1 listing. I used to dine at El Milagrito back in the late 90s when I worked at the Funeral Home/Cemetery.  We would traipse across town during our AM break.  Yeah we would take hour breaks but we had it like that.  I remember this place being my fave breakfast taco place at that time.  It literally had been years since I had been to this joint.I tried the Barbacoa Plate and Big Red because I'm a San Antonian after all. I was not disappointed.The meat was very flavorful and not greasy like it can be at other restaurants.  The plate was full of meat and I knew there would be no way I could finish this entire plate.  The side of cilantro and raw onions was excellent. The papas had chorizo mixed in and they were greasy but actually I wouldn't have it any other way.  They were delicious.The refried beans completed my breakfast plate and even they were tasty.The star of this breakfast was the tortillas.  I wondered if my mom had flown in from New Mexico to make these excellent specimens of flour and water.  They were that good.  Just the right size and obviously made from scratch.  I'm certain someone's abuelita was in the back hand-making them with love.  They oozed of love.4 Stars out of 5PS:  I love a place where the locals gather; nary a tourist in site.PPS:  I also love a place where everyone looks like me:  brown.PPPS:  This joint has not changed much since the late 90s.  PPPPS:  What's with the orange salsa?
<review# 1107,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2011,5/4/2012,107,89,13,8,7>I know what you're thinking- typical, right? Tricia writing a review of a gay club? Well f-you, I'm gonna DO IT anyways!The Bonham is a half mile walk from my loft downtown- so I fear for the safety of my liver. Why? Because the best part of the Bonham is the drinks ARE CHEAP. I'm used to Austin prices and I can get  comfortably numb at the Bonham for a reasonable rate. Get it, girl! There are multiple dance floors and levels for you to enjoy at the Bonham. Me and my girls went upstairs for an awesome hip hop party where I learned a new song in which the main word is f*ck. Cool by me! The video bar/dance floor is really cool. I mean yes- there was a guy rolling on exstacy who was trying to "channel" the power from the TVs and throw me his "light orb". This just comes with the territory of being a gay club party girl. The music was insanely good- none of that queer as folk crap with no words. And people came to throw down. The biggest group of people were down on the bottom floor, but it was too damn hot. I was sweating like a me in church, so I avoided it. As others have mentioned, there's a lot of straight people, so ladies- you'll have a good time. I hate the cover charge ($5 for over 21), but I'll pay it for decent music. And let the minors know who's boss- if I fling open the bathroom door and hit you in the face, well girl, I'm just letting you know- I'm bossy.
<review# 1108,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2011,5/3/2012,144,109,3,4,4>This place is my personal version of heaven. I can sit outside under large shade trees with a glass (but probably a bottle) of wine and one of four amazing cheese plates. The relaxed, romantic atmosphere is a great place to go with large groups or bring your furry friend to hang out. They do have indoor seating if the heat and mosquitoes are too much for you. The staff is very knowledgeable, but way less pretentious than some of the wine bars in SA. You have to check this place out!
<review# 1109,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2011,5/2/2012,56,184,,4,1>What a great place to meet up for happy hour!  The scenery is amazing, especially at night.You do have to pay to park, $8, unless you can find a spot nearby.  The elevators going up are a little on the slow side... but then again it's a long way up there!  Be sure to get a spot in the elevator by the window!!The happy hour prices are right up my alley... cheap and good drinks!  I belive the most expensive was $6 for a specialty drink.  $5 for martini's, $5 wine.  They have a couple of choices of bar food, ranging from $5-10.  Next time you want a fun new place for a happy hour... I suggest you try it!
<review# 1110,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2012,5/1/2012,89,112,4,4,3>I have been here many times, all on Tuesdays, which is Puro Slam Night (their Poetry Slam), and I am so addicted! DJ Donnie Dee has me hooked on his mixing. He stays on his 80's and 90's Hip-Hop and R&B kick and is just great. The poets are typically the usual suspects with a few newbies mixed in -- always welcomed in. You're always in for a surprise!The crowd is not uptight, and carries a cool laid back vibe to them. The contest has three rounds based on scores given by judges given by people picked right out of the audience who volunteer to score. There is also absolutely NO cover which is awesome, but please donate a little bit of cash to Shaggy's alien head basket so it can stay that way, buy a Puro Slam bracelet for a buck, and tip your bartenders! I only wish and pray to St. Expeditus that somehow some type of better parking situation appeared!! I choose to drive around until I find metered parking which is free every night after 6pm which sometimes takes a while and is usually a five or six minute walk away, but I still find it worth it. I just love the slam that much! Drinks are cheap too! Tall boys are about 2.50 and so are wells! This is a place that doesn't take itself too seriously, feel free to boo, cheer, act a fool, both as a reaction to the poetry's and the scores' badassness or suckage and it's all good. I'll be a repeat customer for a while, that's for sure!
<review# 1111,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2012,4/30/2012,101,497,2,4,3>We turned the corner on Houston St towards the Alamo and there it was, a sign; "Bar, Music, Food".Must... Go... Looks... Inviting.Really what brought us here was a girlfriends boyfriend and  it just so happen to become an epic night thanks to the wonderful staff, awesome pricing, perfect atmosphere and rocking bands. I do believe MR is a few months old but it has a lot of potential to become downtown San Antonio's best place for live music, food and drinks. Its a very wide space with a good size dance floor, tons of tables and bar stools. I really enjoyed the huge bar slab style windows to enjoy the outside air. There were smokers out there even with the torrential down pour that night. That rain was amazing, too bad it kind of caused some roof leaks. The bathrooms were well stocked and plenty. All the decor was Viva SanAnto with burnt orange walls, cow hide stools and the awesome tree trunk foot stools. Pretty much found a new love in my favorite city, it won't be a secret spot for long.
<review# 1112,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2011,4/29/2012,116,50,3,3,3>In this age of endless options, there's a lot to be said of limited availability and select choices. And Pig Liquors is all about the select choices. I love walking into shops and being more than an anonymous customer wandering the aisles. I love walking up the wooden planks into PL and being greeted by a friendly owner, eye-catching displays, and a thoughtful inventory of everything from apparel to off-kilter kitsch and, of course, booze! For me, this is primarily a beer joint, although they have some interesting liquor and wine from off the beaten path. Your best bet here, though, is to just go in and see what sort of yummy brews they have in their AWESOME vintage cooler. I was pleasantly surprised to find a reasonably priced Bestia from Ranger Creek, and they always seem to have one or two selections from Victory, which I'm partial to (try the Headwater Pale Ale, if they have it). When I simply can't decide on one (or two) from their frequently updated offerings, I ask the owner (whose name I cannot remember - for shame!) to make a recommendation. She won't steer you wrong, whether you are looking for something hoppy, heavy, or a smoother crowd pleaser. Please patronize this one-off, locally owned business - I'd hate to see it fall by the wayside, and it really is a fun sojourn into another little world.
<review# 1113,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2012,8/19/2012,157,156,2,5,2>I had a great experience here with my little brother. I took him here while my parents were on vacation. I thought it would be a great way to spend time with him while waltzing off with a new creation.He chose an angry birds piggy bank and I chose a margarita glass for my sister's upcoming 21st birthday. We went on Saturday at about 12 PM. It wasn't overly crowded but there was a birthday party going on in the party type area on the right.There is a good selection of items on their shelves. Children of both genders will find something of interest. You may want to warn the kiddos that they won't be able to leave with their piece that day. I received a call back on the following Thursday to inform me that the pieces were ready for pick up.Both he and I were satisfied with our experience. The staff was friendly and helpful. We had no trouble finding anything we may have wanted. This is a great activity for kids but I also enjoyed it as an adult. If you're in need of a unique gift, I'd suggest checking here. You will find something for everyone.
<review# 1114,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2012,8/18/2012,99,428,2,3,2>The BEST wings I've ever had! And they serve up some DELICIOUS fries.Fried mushrooms = the bomb.I'm a frequent diner at R&R when I visit BoB. I've tried pretty much every truck at BoB and can easily say that R&R is one of my favorites. The prices are extremely reasonable for what you are getting. The chicken wings are "naked" wings and dipped in whatever sauce you choose. The fries are not too crispy and not too soggy, seriously PERFECTION. I also have a toddler who is very picky and is currently at the stage of only liking chicken nuggets and/or strips, and their kids meal gets the job done! ;)The customer service is seriously one of the best. I'm always greeted with a huge smile and they genuinely love what they do, which rubs off on their customers. Check out R&R when you're at BoB - you will NOT regret it!! :)
<review# 1115,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2012,8/17/2012,23,109,2,6,2>I am not gluten-free or vegan; I stopped by Red Oak because I am an equal-opportunity dessert lover (and because a man in a hardware shop recommended it, which seemed like a sign that I should go eat a pastry instead of going home to do boring house-things). Red Oak Bakery is, however, gluten free. They also have some vegan options. If you're not sure you are into gluten-free, they have (or at least, they did during my visit) a few samples for you to try. They also have a proprietor happy to talk through the details of her daughter's baking. I think the lemon bar was the best thing I tried, but all were pretty good. What won me over was that they use fresh ingredients from local farms, which means their desserts change daily-- you can check Facebook to see what is in their case. Their coffee is roasted locally, too; it's from Redbud in San Marcos. And, finally, I am a sucker for anything housed in a restored old bungalow, or any places that relies on vintage mismatched china, and this place has both. It was a nice first visit.Oh, two things. While the bakery has many things going for it, openness is not one of them: They are slowly expanding their hours; right now they are only open on Saturdays, Sundays, and Mondays. Also, they only have a few tables, and most are on the porch, so if you come during the height of summer (tubers & heat galore) you should plan to take your pastries to go.
<review# 1116,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2012,8/16/2012,125,331,5,6,5>Me: I'll take the egg salad sandwich and the tortilla soup.Waitress:  what kind of bread would you like that sandwich on?Me: Whatever's fresh.Waitress: We make all of our bread fresh daily.Me: French roll please.Waitress: It will be a few more minutes for your soup, they are frying up more tortilla strips for it.Me:  silent and in awe.....The experience above should tell you how mmhmm good and *FRESH* their food is.      You know what I had, now let me tell you what the wife had.  She ordered the southwest chicken sandwich and sweet potato fries.  I helped her finish the fries, and man were they good!  She raved about the sandwich too.The high food quality is paired up with GREAT service for the win - check this place out!!!
<review# 1117,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2012,8/15/2012,5,49,3,7,4>Found this place on Yelp!  Wow!  I simply could not believe the reviews it received, so I had to take the family there for dinner.  It is a little hole in the wall location that if I had not have known it was there, I would never had noticed..We wanted to order a few things on the menu, but were told they were sold out for the day..  to some, that might be a problem.  for myself, i was encouraged.  I like a business that runs lean and understands their customers and daily requirements.  it is also a concept for a restaurant I have always been fascinated by.  Hand make something so well, that you sell it out every day..We had the Jerk Chicken, Chicken Stew, Oxtails and Chicken Curry.  The flavors of each were unique and tasty..  The Jerk was spicy (too spicy for my daughter), but I added some of their homemade hot sauce to dip the chicken in (i like food HOT).  The curry was amazing, and nothing like what I expected..  The accompanying rice, cabbage and plantains were perfect.  My 87 y/o Mother-in-Law had the small oxtail plate, and while she did not care for the cabbage (my wife ate it quickly before Mom changed her mind), she did say next time, she wanted the large portion, as the oxtails were just the way she liked them..The Salad was fresh and tasty.  In addition, the Peach-Mango tea had great flavor, not too sweet and hit the spot..We took a to-go menu, even though it is 30 minutes from our house..  this way we can call ahead to make sure they don't sell out of what we want to eat..Kudo's to the chef and super friendly staff...
<review# 1118,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2012,8/14/2012,2,7,2,3,3>I rarely head into downtown San Antonio, but I have found my calling, my spot, favorite go to... you name it I've found it!!I love the relaxed atmosphere and high class martini selection they offer at SoHo.  This place offers such a first rate selection of liquid yumminess that I attempt to make it in as often as possible.  I rarely eat dessert, but Soho is my guilty pleasure.  They offer a variety of specialty martinis and their mixologists are consistently whipping up new ones.. literally whipping up.. their dessert martinis that is; Key Lime Tini, Crème Brulee Tini, Carrot Cake Tini, Samoa Girl Scout Cookie Tini and many more are each made by one of the their stellar bar tenders and finished off with extra love and whipped marshmallow topping.  Don't let the over the top presentation fool you into thinking you won't be seeing double.  Two of these delicacies and you'll be feeling great... Really great!!One of the great vibes of this place is that it's such a warm atmosphere you feel that everyone's your best friend... it very well could be the martinis, but none the less it's got a great vibe.  I've come in for anything from birthday parties to after pub run meet ups to long days by the pool to date nights and no matter how I've been  dressed the people  will be cool, the bar tenders will rock and you'll leave with a sweet tooth cure and a great buzz for a long downtown night of dancing.
<review# 1119,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2012,8/13/2012,107,118,2,3,3>I am so thrilled that Green opened another location in the Alon shopping center, because it meant I gave Green a second chance. Having previously visited their original location during a time when I was vegetarian, I have to admit I was completely underwhelmed. The food I had was bland and the service slow. Well, either I went on an off day, or they vastly improved upon opening this location.The space is small, but clean and nicely decorated. The service was prompt and friendly. I tried both the coconut tofu bowl and the falafel wrap. The coconut tofu bowl was the thing vegetarian dreams are made of. Even though I'm no longer vegetarian, I appreciate creativity in a meatless dish, and this had it. Crispy little bites of coconut battered tofu, fresh spinach, quinoa tabbouleh, and carrots were topped with a delicious sesame sauce. The quinoa didn't qualify as tabbouleh in my book, but that was a minor complaint. The falafel wrap was solid. Not outstanding, but light and crispy and satisfying. The restaurant was pretty packed during our late lunch on a Saturday. So glad to see this place doing well!
<review# 1120,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2012,8/12/2012,1439,1280,22,26,30>I can't believe it.  I'm finally here.  My 1,000th review!  And like Ms. Krys T. when she hit her 500, I have left The City of San Antonio as my own mark of this personal milestone.I have lived in and out of San Antonio my whole life.  I always considered California to be my first home (because that's where I was born) but I've finally come to terms with the fact that I am a naturalized Texan.  And you know what?  I absolutely love it and am proud of it!Three major employment sectors exist in our city: tourism, military, and healthcare.  Following behind that are the bio-science, financial services, and the IT industries which means our economy is pretty diverse.Joint Base San Antonio is a joint (obviously) venture between Lackland AB, Randolph AB, and Fort Sam Houston as a result of BRAC.  This was done to optimize military readiness and support savings among a few things.  Led by the Air Force, all three bases work together to achieve the same goals.  There are so many things that make S.A. unique that a lot of military members find themselves coming back to the Alamo City/Military City USA to retire.  Of course, it helps when veterans' benefits are the best in this state and coupled with the cost of living - makes it attractive for folks to do just that.The parks and trailways such as Leon Creek (can you believe the total length of that sucker is 20 miles?), Eisenhower, Brackenridge, Olmos Basin, Salado Creek (Central, North, & South), O.P. Schnabel, Woodlawn Lake, Friedrich Wilderness, Walker Ranch, and dog parks such as Phil Hardberger are just a few places to sweat it out - whether you're walking, running, jogging, hiking, or hell, skipping!  Go down the Riverwalk for a beautiful morning walk (the trail is about 6 miles long) and start at the renovated Pearl Brewery area - you can even visit the Saturday morning farmers' market for some fresh food.  Can't beat farm-to-table.Annual events such as Fiesta, the Asian Festival, the Riverwalk Mud Festival, the Stock Show & Rodeo, and the Texas Folklife Festival are always a treat for the locals and tourists as well.  During Fiesta, most of the city is immersed in festivities for TEN DAYS!!  Contrary to popular belief, San Antonionians DO know how to party!What else do I love about this city?  The fact that we sit in the middle of Texas - duh!!!  If I want a different scene, all I have to do is hop on I-35 or I-10 and head N,E,S, or W and I have a handful of other things to do and places to explore at my grasp.I do have to say though, Krys T. definitely hit the nail on the head when she said that if all you think about when S.A. comes to mind are the Alamo, Riverwalk, Sea World, and Fiesta Texas, then you're definitely missing out.  ;)                             ____________                             |                           | \                             |                           | |                             |                           | |                             |                           | |__                             |                           | __ \___                             |                           |/  \_____  |________                             |  O                      \_________________/ \                             |  \\*****;                                                         \ \                             |   \\***********;                                                \ \ ____________|    \\************;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;                             \ \ /____________|     \\*****   ***;                 ;                              | | \                                  \\***       *;                   ;                              \ \     |                               \\***  *  ***;_______;                             | |        \_                           \\***    ****;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;                        | |            |_                        \\***********;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;               _|_|               |                         \\*.***;*****;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;          _/_/                  \                       \\     ******;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;      _/_/                   \    ___            \\                 ;;;;;;;;;;;;          /                    |_/__/ \             \\                                   / /                               \              \\ *SAN ANTONIO    /                                  _           \\                         _ /_/                                       \         \\                        / /                                        _         \\                  / /                                           \                        / /                                              _                 / /                                                \               / /                                                   \   ___ |
<review# 1121,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2012,8/11/2012,117,187,13,13,3>Probably 1 of the only 3 authentic Chinese places in this city (the other 2 being Kim Wah and Phoenix Cafe...would have been 4 if Chef Tan's Teahouse was still around...but I digress).I'll keep this review simple:1. Do not order off the "American menu", if you want deep fried meat coated in over-sugared syrup sauces, go to a buffet or Pei Wei.2. Come into it realizing real Chinese food is different than what PF Chang and Panda Express has been telling us is "Chinese" food.  If this is your first time, you may need to fight your urge to gravitate to safe looking or sounding dishes, time to get a little adventurous.3. Be prepared for poor service at most REALLY authentic Chinese places (yes, I agree, this needs to change across the board, but I've had similar customer service experiences in many other places in NYC Chinatown, San Fran Chinatown and Houston Chinatown town as well...I don't know what they are doing back there, but I assume it involves a smartphone or Asian soap operas on the tele or talking smack about other Asian women they don't like (you Asian women know what I'm talking about...don't hate) or all of the above).  My best advice here is to take matters into your own hands and raise your hands, flag somebody down, get up and go to the counter, point being, let them know you need something.  I know what your thinking, "GASP!!! Apply effort on my part to get what I want?!?!?!? But I'm a paying customer!!!!!  Everybody I'm throwing money at should cater to my first world problems, it's bad enough I had to walk from my car to my table, but now you want me to raise a hand?.".  Now before you write your congressman, just hear me out, you're really paying for the food, just think of the poor service as adding to the authentic Chinese dining experience (and you can burn an extra calorie or two while you're at it - WINNING!).The good:+ The right menu items are SO right (stay away from the familiar American "Chinese" menu selections) - loyal soldiers of the General Tso army may want to keep marching+ large dining area+ good prices for type of cuisine for this area, especially considering the scarcity of authentic places in this cityNot as good:- service, while on par with most straight up Asian places, is not what Americans are accustomed to - SPOILER ALERT: they won't gather around you and sing 'Happy Birthday' to you either...yeah...so be prepared for that as well
<review# 1122,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2012,8/10/2012,0,5,1,5,2>For the past three years I have had a business obligation that took me to the east side near Mr. and Mrs. G's about once a month.  The first time I saw the sign, I almost slammed on the brakes!  I had read about this restaurant in the food section of the paper for years but had never visited this neighborhood.  Since then I've eaten lunch here as often as possible.  This is the real deal!  Nothing fancy, just immaculately clean with downright good food.  I love the baked chicken; it's juicy and tender and it makes me feel less guilty than eating the fried chicken, but I love that, too!  The mashed potatoes are heavenly even when eaten without the gravy.  My friend swears by the meat loaf but that's something I can make for myself so I haven't tried it.  But the star of the show is the sweet potato pie!  Lusciously sweet and creamy with real, homemade pie crust that's not the least bit soggy.  One time we had it right out of the oven and it was to die for!  We even ordered multiple pies right before Thanksgiving.  I served one for my family's Thanksgiving meal and one pie flew to Chicago for another celebration, transported by my meat loaf loving friend!  A trip to Mr. and Mrs. G's is truly an event not to be missed!
<review# 1123,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2010,1/1/2011,107,118,10,13,5>I went here to kill some time between work and a meeting. I had forgotten what bars are like during the day time. I mean real bars, not happy hour at Chili's. They can be depressing to some, but if you're like me, they are hilarious. I love drunk people, especially when they are happy drunk people, and especially when I am sober.I didn't get a great feel for the bar, since it was 5:30, but the service was very good. I'm sure all eight people felt very attended to. There is a stage and a permanant sound/DJ booth, which looks promising. There are also pool tables, dart boards, booths, and a popcorn maker. After reading that, you may think to yourself, "wow, that sounds nice!" Don't get me wrong, Retox is a dive bar, and I mean that in the best sense of the word.
<review# 1124,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2010,12/31/2010,22,35,5,6,6>Mediterranean fast food is the best description. There is nothing fancy on the menu, but everything is VERY tasty (yes, very is in all CAPS, no mistake, trying to make a point). Also, the portions are very generous when compared to other places around town serving up the same thing. Pasha doesn't try to nickle and dime you, and they are very accommodating in substituting a salad for rice or what have you. The wait staff is friendly and more than willing to assist. So why the 4 and not 5 stars.........because there isn't anything unique on the menu. Everything is typical and nothing authentic. There doesn't seem to be anything original, but more traditional fast food Mediterranean style. The gyros are awesome, the shawarma's fantastic and kabobs splendid! You really can't go wrong with anything you get. Even the salad that comes standard with most meals is great. The little black olives in them have an abundance of flavor so beware. One little gem here is also the iced tea. Skip on the soft drinks and opt for this little ditty. What makes this sweet tea amazing is that it has a taste of rose....that's right, like the flower, rose iced tea. I'm sure you'll walk the hottest deserts, swim the deepest oceans and climb the tallest mountains to get some. Pretty good place and the ambiance is warm and inviting. Don't skip on this place and make sure you come hungry, the portions are very generous.
<review# 1125,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2010,12/30/2010,270,226,6,8,5>MmmMMmmm.Every dude here resembles the cartoon on Smokey Mo's bbq sauce bottle. Weird. But I'm willing to overlook that for some tasty, tender slices of meat. I'm not big on meat. You'll never see me order an all meat anything, but the meat here is so worthwhile. I've ordered the turkey every time, but (oh my goodness) I actually ordered brisket in addition to my usual today. Surprisingly, it was moist,  pretty tender, and actually had flavor. Most, if not all bbq briskets I've tried sorta lack seasoning, but not at Smokey Mo's. I'm impressed. I don't care for the sides though, and I definitely wouldn't recommend the buttered potatoes. The ice tea is okay. AND there's a drive-thru...perhaps my favorite drive-thru in town. Like Angela C. mentioned, it's definitely better than Rudy's on 35.
<review# 1126,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2010,12/29/2010,78,151,3,3,3>Hubby and I went here last night. Monday night is pizza night, but we had a coupon for BOGO free entrees. Hubby ordered the Buffalo Chicken sandwich and I chose the Green Burger. While we were waiting the owner (I assume) came up to us holding a small pizza and asked us what we ordered. We told him and he said "Try a slice of this pizza with whole wheat crust." It was fantastic. It had veggies on it and my husband isn't huge on whole, in-your-face veggies but he gobbled it up! The crust was really great.My green burger was good, but the patty was sort of odd. It was thin and larger than the bun. The taste wasn't mind blowing. I did, however enjoy the bun itself. The quinoa tabouli I got as a side was very tasty and fresh! Hubby's buffalo chicken (wheat meat) sandwich was not too bad. He wasn't blown away. I had a bite and I thought the sauce was good. I read another review that said wheat meat wasn't for beginners and I might agree. He said the sweet potato fries were alright. Dessert was another story. I was sort of on the fence. The food was QUITE filling and we had some dessert things at home. Hubby convinced me to check out the cabinet with cupcakes and cookies. When we were over there, the owner (he's very involved!) brought us each a plate and said "pick out what you want!" Hubby grabbed a double chocolate chip cookie for himself and decided I would have the red velvet cupcake. (All cupcakes are vegan.) I took a bite of the cupcake and after about 2 seconds I got a look on my face and I stared at the cupcake. WHAT is IN this thing?! It's like heaven!! The icing. I mean, it's gotta be horrible for me! Right? Tell me it's just butter and sugar. But butter isn't vegan.. I'm confused! The owner set me straight. It's SMART BALANCE, vanilla and sugar. Holy cow. I mean, holy smart balance. I can make this AT HOME! Apparently their baker uses the recipes from cupcake wars, but makes them vegan. Applesauce for milk, smart balance for butter, etc. Fantastic! Hubby's cookie was pretty great too! I think we'll be back on a Monday for pizza and cupcakes! :)
<review# 1127,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/29/2010,12/28/2010,838,696,2,5,2>Great side dishes, lackluster entree. I came here in search of good Chilequiles. The spacious restaurant is decorated with wonderful paintings. Someone close to the restaurant is a talented artist, and has done some impressive works of art, which are prominently hung in the dining area. They offer a wide variety of pan dulce and other Mexican bakery sweets, which all look delicious and fresh. The sides to my chilequile plate were incredible. The best refried beans I've had in a while. The potatoes were delicious and slightly crunchy. Yum. The chilequile plate was lacking. It looked like it had sat under the heat lamp for a while. The cheese on top wasn't melted. It wasn't that great. The salsa was also lacking. The green looked less than fresh, and wasn't very hot or flavorful. It had the consistency of a salsa that had been sitting out for a while.   The red sauce was ketchup. The place wasn't very clean. The ceiling tiles are filthy, they seem to have had a good number of roof leaks. The floor was sticky, and the table top wasn't clean either. The waitstaff was pleasant. They didn't know much English, but I suppose that adds to the authenticity. The price was fair.
<review# 1128,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2010,12/27/2010,41,74,2,7,3>Cascabel's specialty is simple interior Mexican food. There will be no chips and queso for you, before each meal you are instead treated with a cup of spicy fideo, a popular Mexican noodle soup. Neither will there be any refried pinto beans or borracho beans but black beans, refried or whole sprinkled with queso fresco. The rice is steamed and white not fried and orange. Your tortillas are maize, not flour and for a salad/relish, instead of a heap of yelowish iceberg lettuce and a tomato, you get a nice cool mix of slightly pickled nopalitos mixed with onion, cilantro, peppers and tomatos. This is probably the one Mexican food joint where eating their food is more beneficial to your health and may actually help keep the waist line down. It is also one of the few joints in town where you can take your vegetarian (not vegan though) friend for very tasty Mexican food and not feel bad, knowing that  they can eat more than the standard refried bean taco and  cheese enchilada. This place is tops in a city all aflutter with flour tortillas and corn chips. It's cozy, great for a small party or group, BYOB. Limited seating inside with mostly outdoor seating. Take you out of town guests here instead of Rosario's for a change, and then walk on over to the Friendly Spot, Beethoven Maennerchor, or head on over to Rosario's for after dinner drinks and music.
<review# 1129,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2010,12/26/2010,32,123,2,3,2>Yup, we're fans.  Unfortunately for our waistlines, we love Mama's chicken fried steak, cream gravy, and mushrooms.  Besides the portion of mashed potatoes, our entire meal was battered and fried...pure bliss.  We used a $30 Living Social coupon which we used for 2 full entrees + dessert.+Our server, Natalia, was especially friendly+MUSHROOMS!+Portions are huge; we split 2 entrees between 3 of us and still had leftoversIf for nothing else, stop at Mama's for a delicious order of mushrooms!
<review# 1130,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2010,12/25/2010,37,164,3,4,4>Ah, the Original Donut Shop!  Where to begin with the accolades due this venerable eatery?  For starters, the food is fresh and tasty. On my first visit, I had the savory carne guisada taco, and my breakfast companion chose a barbacoa taco with egg and avocado - which she proclaimed phenomenally good.  We both sampled the plain cake doughnuts, which were soft and had a cinnamon-ish flavor to them.  The coffee was a pleasant surprise: one of my faves, Douwe Egberts.We arrived before 8 a.m. on Sunday morning...even so, business was already brisk. As we made our way in from the parking lot, I oohed and ahhhed over the porch for alfresco dining, with its tile mosaic bistro tables. When we entered the building, I was a bit overwhelmed with the apparent chaos of the environment; but once I actually understood the dynamics of the layout, the unusual traffic flow made sense.  Dine-in patrons order at one end of the establishment for doughnuts, the other for everything else.  At the taco/burrito/etc. register, customers receive a receipt with a number on it, and pick up their order when that number is called.  There is indoor seating available at tables or at the counter.  We chose the counter, near the pastries - and what a good choice it turned out to be.  The counter featured a striking mosaic of the nighttime firmament: deep azure with vividly yellow stars and an orange full moon! There was one other patron at the counter: a longtime customer (for about 28 years, he told us!) who regaled us with the history and evolution of the Original Donut Shop.  Initially, it seems, it WAS just a doughnut shop - serving pastries, and having only a small counter for diners - and gradually growing to its current form, by adding a separate kitchen and dining area. It's noteworthy that this same patron actually got up from his seat to fetch salt packets for us, as well as helping us with the "self-serve" coffee (and yet another patron guided us through the ordering process when we first arrived).A few pointers: as other reviewers have noted, CASH ONLY;                            arrive early (or be prepared for a wait);                            salsa is HOT.                            So here's the final analysis:Food: 4.5 starsValue: 5 stars (around $10 for two substantial breakfasts WITH beverages)Atmosphere: 5Service: 3 (the very young cashiers were extremely efficient, but also very rushed and not particularly helpful in any respect other than taking our order and making change for us)And an extra 5 stars for a an elusive quality I'll just call "San Antonio Soul" - a degree of cordiality one usually only encounters (if lucky) among closest relatives.  The patrons here exhibit THAT variety of kindness and concern for total strangers; and that self-same "soul" is the most significant factor in MY deep affection for San Antonio!
<review# 1131,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2010,12/24/2010,117,187,4,5,3>Went here with the wifey for our 2 year anniversary.  I made reservations through OpenTable a few weeks prior noting that it was our anniversary.We were greeted and promptly seated at a very nice table that had been decorated with rose pedals and had a card on the table that everybody working there had signed.  We were served by several people, all of which very nice and wished us happy anniversary, but our primary server was Smelko (I think his first name was 'Al').Smelko was one of the most attentive, knowledgable, & personable waiters I've ever had in my life.  He answered all of questions with authority and a smile and made suggestions appropriately.We ordered the calamari as an appetizer (delicious), my wife got the Ahi Tuna steak  (awesome), I got the scallops (fantastic), and the restaurant gave us a complimentary (FREE) pineapple upside-down cake flambé (no generic cheesecake here) which was spectacular.The food alone is a strong 4-stars by itself, but the top shelf service push this place to a 5-star rating.The Good :- upperscale eatery, very nice/trendy interior- superb service- good food- large wine list- great happy hourThe less than good :- Being an upperscale eatery, it is priced accordingly (but not outrageous).  Well worth the price if the service is always that good (ask for Smelko).- Most entrees fall in the "gourmet-ish" category, so it will taste very good and be presented very elegantly, but in most cases, there will not be tons of food (the sides are pretty well sized though)- can be tricky to see from the access road if you aren't looking for itNote to self for next time:- go hungry and try the steak- ask to sit in Smelko's section
<review# 1132,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2010,12/23/2010,35,68,5,4,3>Doooouudde!, I was in black rocks of the night heaven when i saw this menu. This is a hidden gem to all you offal"weird parts" eating people, they have mollejas(sweetbreads), tripas(intestine), lengua(tongue), chicharron(pork skin) and barbacoa(beef cheek). The real surprise came with the morcila taco, It's a blood taco! All blood taco jokes a side, this might be the best taco I've tasted!, again no bloody taco jokes. It was moist and tasty, with a hint of spice. I would recommend this place for sure!
<review# 1133,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2011,9/27/2011,108,275,2,3,3>Great happy hour!  Came for the firstime with some co-workers and immediately liked the atmosphere.  A little dark on the inside, but still lends to a cozy feel.  Over the bar is a structure of what looks like a whale skeleton .... actually pretty cool.  Just take a minute to look around when you walk through the doors (after your eyes adjust from the Texas sun that is) and take it in.The happy hour menu is quite decent - had the $5 margarita and shared several appetizers with the gals.  The calamari was good and so was the brie with toasted bread.  Oysters were great (hmmm, seems as I've been having a lot of oysters recently)...Definitely will be coming back when my boyfriend is in town or for another happy hour hit up with the girls :-)
<review# 1134,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2011,9/26/2011,10,67,1,4,2>Well this place just opened and I'm definitely a fan. I walked in and it doesn't look too cozy as far as leisurely lounging around. However, the girls behind the counter and people in there made me feel like I was hanging out in their kitchen. They would include me in their conversations and it was just a great experience. Their ice drinks are great as that was all I got. They have just opened and supposedly have more to come as far as their menu. This location used to be a japanese crepe place which was awesome, but so far I see potential for these guys.
<review# 1135,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2011,9/25/2011,84,393,2,3,3>This was my second visit to King's Court and I must say I just like the vibe of the place.  There is a patio with a huge fan blasting air, and long picnic tables with benches.  As far as hot dogs go, they have quite the assortment.  I had the alamo dog, which is basically like an enchilada hot dog...fantastic!  They also have classic choices, and for vegetarians they have veggie chili, or you can create your own veggie combination.  The hot dog bar makes it fun with all different styles of relish, even some type of corn relish, and other types of toppings to your pleasure.  They have french fries, tots, onion rings and jalepeno poppers.  For the kiddos you can order a plain hot dog, or they have corn dogs too.  Kings Court is still BYOB, so don't forget to bring your fave adult beverage to pair with your hot dog choice.  Laid back, great service, great food...
<review# 1136,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2011,9/24/2011,44,42,5,10,6>It's about time!!! I've been waiting for a good food truck spot here for awhile now!! Up until now it's just been the occasional sporadic run of the mill taco truck here and there that mostly just cater to construction sites and tire shops. Finally some quality food and a great location that everyone can enjoy! Located on bulverde rd (close to where wetmore becomes bulverde, if it was a few blocks south it would have been the boardwalk on wetmore) this place is rad! The trucks that were there were bistro six, tin can tacos, rickshaw stop, toastie buns, saweet cupcakes, and wheelie gourmet. We had the truffled grilled cheese (made with gorgonzola, goat cheese, caramelized onion, Swiss, and truffle oil on sour dough (yum) and the low carb seared ahi tuna with soy sauce and green onion (deeelish) from bistro six. Next (yeah, we did some samplin) we had mannys fish tacos from tin can tacos (very flavorful, light, and refreshing, the perfect outdoor summer food to pair up with that cold beer).    Manny (the owner of tin can) came and sat with us for awhile and shot the breeze, telling us how he buys his produce and meats fresh daily and makes sure his truck is clean at all times. He said when the boardwalk closes he often spends 3 hours cleaning his truck (one hour of actual cleaning and two hours drinking the free beer) haha! Yes, I said free beer.. They have free beer on Saturday's!! No liquor license so they can't sell it. TWO FREE KEGS OF FREE BEER EVERY SATURDAY!! Nuff said. Anyway, thanks manny for the great food, keep it up! Also.. Try his pineapple, habanero salsa.. you'll love it!   So after we scarfed down those fish tacos we wandered over to the toastie buns truck (where u can build your own gourmet burger) and tried the turkey burger on wheat with their corn salad. It was fantastic! The burger was amazing and you gotta try their corn salad! So simple I wish I thought of it! Whole kernel corn, black beans, and hatch green chiles make up this tasty treat. You could also get fries but I'm always lookin for a change of pace (although the fries looked very tasty).    We were pleasantly full at this point although I really wanted to try the dark red velvet cupcake from saweet for desert!!! It'll give me somethin to look forward to next time. And I have yet to try wheelie gourmet and rickshaw stop. However I read the menus and saw the food and it looked and smelled delicious!    The boardwalk is BYOB so of course I brought my trusty playmate cooler stocked to the top with different beers and wines. (it doubles as a refrigerator if you have leftovers you wanna take home for later). So while we were enjoying the food we also enjoyed just being outdoors and drinkin our beer and wine! This is an excellent place to bring your kids too, they have a playground and lots of contests! While we were there they had a limbo and hula hoop contest. It was fun to watch! They also have a dj that plays almost every style of music known to man. Well this was originally going to be a short, positive review but once I started yelpin about it l just couldn't shut up. Next time it's a nice day outside don't waste it sitting indoors! Pack up your cooler, grab your sunglasses & waterguns and go support San Antonio's first gourmet food truck park!! You'll have a wheelie good time!
<review# 1137,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2011,9/23/2011,12,32,9,8,1>Its hard to find Kolaches in San Antonio. Don't get fooled by the rock they serve in Krispe Kreme they serve in the name of Kolaches...This place is Kolaches Heaven. I visit them twice a week, their kolaches are soft (as they warm it up before they serve), their coffee is so amazing...i also got theit coffee mug, so the refills costs less. The best is their cream cheese kolaches...(you know me, i love anything creamcheese, wish they have cream cheese in hell, its supposed to be bad, isnt it....)I love their Omlette Kolaches too...They also have different varieties of hot sauce, which adds yum to the kolaches....wish i can digest food, Straight Through Processing, so i can eat non-stop.
<review# 1138,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2011,9/22/2011,47,125,2,3,2>I lucked out and came here for a quiet lunch on a Tuesday around 2:30. The service was wonderful, and I would expect no less during slow business hours from any restaurant. The waiter was very attentive and kept my water glass full the entire time (usually I drink about three glasses) so I was very pleased with that. He brought out fresh chips and two different amazing salsas (one hot, the other had a hint of sugar).I ordered the enchiladas verdes and they were deliciously satisfying. The plate is served with rice, beans, guacamole (too sweet for my liking), and fresh tortillas. I was surprised to see how quickly my food was brought out, but I was definitely glad since I was terribly hungry. Even though the food was brought out so promptly it tasted very fresh and left me with a wonderful impression of this restaurant.Lunch is served until 3, so try to make it before that for some great deals. I also noticed they have a weekend brunch menu so I'll have to make sure to stop by sometime soon for that.
<review# 1139,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2011,9/21/2011,32,166,2,4,2>Le Cake, c'est great!  I have ordered beautiful and scrumptious cakes, cupcakes and cookies from Le Cake for years and have never been disappointed.  I recently ordered 3 dozen iced Valentine sugar cookies for my daughter's Brownie troop meeting, and the girls loved them--they were so pretty and tasted delicious, too.  I had to hide several away so my husband and I could enjoy a few after the meeting was over.  The brand new location on Rittiman is great--while this business is based on special orders, the owner also has a bakery case with a few "grab & go" cupcakes & cookies.  This is a wonderful, albeit pricier, option when grocery store-bought treats won't do.  The sugary aroma emantaing from the bakery will knock your socks off and reminded me of the intoxicating sugar scent wafting from Magnolia Bakery into the streets of NYC....
<review# 1140,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2011,9/20/2011,14,42,3,3,1>We went to this patio cafe after passing it several times and then saw it featured in the Sunday Taste section.The food is awesome and everything was great. The patio establishment provides a nice quaint environment so we started with mimosas to drink and relax. For our meals we started with the soup; poblano and tortilla - both are awesome! We then dove into our meals - cheeseburger & ultimate sandwich. Both are extremely delicious and found generous portions. There was no skimping on the avacado for the Utlimate sandwich.  One item that is a MUST taste, of all things, is the home made ranch dressing, very unique tatse and out of this world.  The variety of the menu is awesome, portion sizes are perfect and very generous, and most importantly - very price friendly!Also kudos to our server who went above and beyond in explaining the menu and ensuring we had a great experience.  We will be back soon!
<review# 1141,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2010,9/19/2011,45,27,1,3,2>I go to Sandbar as often as I can. Like Il Sogno, the service is always professional and knowledgeable. And god, the fish is so good. I'm not an oyster afficionado, but I have totally enjoyed their selections and sampler trays. The fish and chips is best in class, but be prepped to share it with a friend. The ceviche and the lobster roll, however, reign o'er my appetite!
<review# 1142,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2011,9/18/2011,125,331,2,2,2>Two locations in SA - both are great to eat at.  However, *someone* messed up my order last night - I could have SWORN that I ordered the fish tacos but they brought me the shrimp tacos instead.  After much debate between the wife and I, it turns out that I did indeed order the shrimp tacos.  Come on babe - roll with me on this one, ok?All kidding aside, they did bring me what I had asked for so I'm not faulting the staff for any of this.We were there celebrating a birthday party and had more than 30 people - I was REALLY impressed with the service that we got for such a large group - keep this place in mind for your large get togethers.  Although we weren't in a totally closed off room, it was kind of separated with short walls, etc.  Salsalitos for the win!!!
<review# 1143,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2013,7/1/2013,94,341,3,6,5>I really like the Brooklynite. We popped in on a Friday night for post dinner drinks. We got a table right away and table service which was really nice. Our server/bartender was very knowledgeable and made a few great recommendations based upon the stuff we like. The drinks were well made, boozy and reasonably priced. The atmosphere can be described as tasteful, sexy grandma, I guess. You'll know what I mean when you go. This isn't a dive or a pick up bar, it's a place where grown ups can enjoy good booze in a nice atmosphere and not have to yell over a terrible jukebox. BONUS: If you get hungry, there are food trucks just outside the door which I found REALLY neat. GO down there and get you some....
<review# 1144,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2013,6/30/2013,32,60,6,8,7>Just recently moved from Tn to SA and thought the drive thru concept was interesting. It really is like a Slurpee with alcohol. Decided to stay awhile this Thursday and am so glad I did. It wasn't crowded but everyone was so nice there, and the bartender Anthony was so funny and nice. Definitely a hard worker but not busy enough to check on people. I love tipping folks that can make me laugh. I had such a good time I tried it out Saturday. While I liked the live DJ it was a totally different experience. The bartenders were ok, the female was fast and no nonsense. The other guy? Acted like he could care less to be there. He smoked constantly, stayed on his phone and was busy chatting with 2 people who by the way didn't tip at all while those who did tip will had to wait til he was done chatting to be waited on. I love clubs, I love drinks and love to have fun..but if I had not gone on a Thursday when Anthony was there I'd have written this place off quick and stuck to an occasional drive thru treat on the way to another club. My tip? Go when the good bartender is on and avoid the other nights.
<review# 1145,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2013,6/29/2013,95,251,3,8,5>I had a great experience at this salon! Tanya is super friendly and very talented. She was easy to talk to and she really took the time to discuss what I wanted. I am very nervous with new hairdressers because of some very bad hair experiences in the not-too-distant-past. I brought in a picture and she matched it perfectly! She did make sure the cut would be appropriate for my face shape, etc. She also took the time and care to make sure she didn't over-process my hair which is another big plus for me! I love my sassy cut! And the color is very well done. I felt comfortable and relaxed! I appreciated the friendliness here! I'll be back!
<review# 1146,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2013,6/28/2013,64,132,2,3,2>A whole lot of goodness in one little truck. Tapa Tapa is usually parked out in front of the Brooklynite (another favorite haunt), and is great for some post happy hour grub. I've tried a few of their small plates, but my favorite by far is the Tuna Tartare. (Woah I rhymed!) Their menu is always changing and the owner is super helpful, so ask him what he recommends if you aren't sure. Bon Apetite!
<review# 1147,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2013,6/27/2013,104,119,,5,2>So...we still have yet to replace our conked-out washer, and I wanted a change of scenery as far as laundromats go, so we decided to try this place out.  I am so glad we did...this is laundromat heaven! The place is clean, with new machines that are wiped clean after every load.  They have these gargantuan 8-load machines that are perfect for blankets and comforters (or a giant load of laundry like my son's).  They're reasonably priced, but I'll pay anything to get all my laundry done in one fell swoop.  There's also free WiFi!  The owner is on-site, and he's extremely helpful.  Customer service is very important to me, and I was impressed.The clincher for me was that I no longer have to carry coins to do the laundry.  They have a card system here ( you can still use coins or use your own debit/credit cards).  That alone is worth the trip!All in all, I'm really happy to have found San Antonio Green Laundry.  I think we'll pass on replacing our washer and just keep coming here!
<review# 1148,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2013,6/26/2013,25,62,3,11,5>The hubby and I stopped in on Sunday for dinner. We were immediately impressed with the interior of the restaurant, very clean and welcoming. We had the Basket Case for an appetizer, which came with mozzarella sticks, onion rings and sweet potato fries, ranch on the side for dipping. Everything tasted great, but what stood out to me was the sweet potato fries and the ranch dressing. The sweet potato fries were crisp on the outside and tender on the inside. I haven't meet a sweet potato fry like that anywhere in San Antonio.  The ranch was nice and zippy and full of fresh herbs. It was the perfect complement to the items in the basket. When we were ordering, we had a question about the menu. The chef came out from the kitchen to kindly answer our question.  We couldn't remeber the difference between a Stromboli and a calzone. I know, I know, for shame, for shame on us. My husband went with the Stromboli and I a small pepperoni and bacon pizza. My husband love his meal as it was filled with cheese, meat and mushrooms. My eyes opened wide when I saw that my small pizza was enough to feed my family of four!! After having taken down the basket case, I was only able to eat one slice of pizza. The pizza was great. It had a super tasty crust and melty cheese. The right amount of toppings in every bite. It was pizza perfection. We asked for a box to go and our waitress took our pizza to box it up for us. The chef then brings back our boxed pizza to ask if everything was ok with the pizza because only one slice had been eaten. I then had to admit that I ate more of the basket case then my husband. We went back today for a to go order. The staff recognized me and while I waited was able to strike up a conversation with the owner. She is super friendly and I found out that the place has been open two months to the day. The young waitress is the owners daughter and it her first job and she's doing great!! We ordered to meatball subs and those suckers were huge!! The meatballs are sandwiched between a triangle slice of foccicia bread. My hubbs picked it up with one one, but I cut mine down to size. The meatballs were tasty and the bread was flavorful and soft. Also, worth mentioning is on Spurs game day they show the game on two 125 inch screens. They also run lunch specials. I'll keep supporting this local place as they have great food and friendly folks.
<review# 1149,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2013,6/25/2013,204,426,2,6,6>Super cool spot located right off the newer section of the River.  With a few new hotel projects and other goings on I am sure this part of the River will still be new, but not as tranquil as it usually is.VFW Post 76 is an awesome place to stop for a quick beer or two while strolling, bike riding or basically taking in all SA has to offer.  There are some neat markers outside on the River and a few outdoor art installations under the nearby bridges. Our first visit was during the DTA Tour, a few daytime stops have rounded out our experiences.  Great music on the juke box, plenty of seating, a nice cold beer selection too.  There is not much shade outside, and man they do have their rules - but the place is awesome.Space for party rentals too.  If you are feeling totally chill and low key, this is your place.
<review# 1150,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2013,6/24/2013,210,68,4,7,3>The neatest ma-and-pa, cutest little vintage store a fashionista will ever strut across in the city of San Antonio. Having recently just moved here, I am still moseying hi-and-lo for spots that complements my interests especially when I'm looking to shop. I absolutely fell in awe and in love with Montage Vintage. From the plethora of accessories like eye wear with a variety of sunglasses and unique frames to choose from (got some Ray-Bans Wayfarers there!), hand-made, rare jewelry pieces, pretty handbags, snazzy bow ties, and much more to clothing pieces that just scream (in the words of Rachel Zoe) "I DIEEEEE." The co-owners who, I believe, are married to each other have such a great vision for vintage fashion. The decor of the store itself is pretty sweet. P.S. sign up for their texts to receive information about discounts, sales, and new arrivals in the store! :)P.S.S. parking is limited as there are only a few spots in front of the store but there is plenty of street parking available!
<review# 1151,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2013,6/23/2013,17,47,5,8,6>This is my current San Antonio obsession!I attend a mommy and me class in the same shopping plaza as the Kolache Stop, so it's always my go-to date place for my son and I:) I'm almost positive it makes him just as happy as it does me!My favorites are the pepperoni and pulled pork kolaches.  They are so......I don't know, AMAZING?  I also have a little love affair with the green chile chicken, chicken club, and bbq beef. I'm a very adventurous eater and always like to try new foods, but for some reason here it is hard for me to branch out from my favorites. I feel like my tummy will miss them. Oh, and don't forget to check out "yesterday's kolache's" for 50% off by the drinks! They are still so yummy!Not only is the food out of this world, but the store itself is ALWAYS so clean!  The owner is so friendly and a smile from his face is never absent!  Seriously, if you haven't tried it. Go. Do yourself a favor. You'll never look back!
<review# 1152,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2013,6/22/2013,152,76,3,10,7>I was here for the grand opening and was so amazed by how huge it was and how many different things there were to do. My twins (both have Down's) are turning 4 this summer and I can't wait to take them here once summer starts and we have the time :) it's especially exciting because its right here in San Antonio so we can spend all day and still go home the same evening. It's about time there was a place were ALL kids could play and have fun!! I'm so glad and proud that its right here in San Antonio.
<review# 1153,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2012,6/18/2012,53,201,,4,4>This is a new food truck that parks at the first fireworks stand north of Marshall Road off of 281. I was a little skeptical of eating at a Seafood "food truck" but I took a look inside, and its very clean inside. I've eaten there twice now! Both times the food was fresh and very tasty. They have about ten items on the menu, and so far I haven't been disappointed. From what I understand the truck is owned by three different families, and all centered on one chef's work. I hope the best for these folks. They are taking a shot at the dream! It's nice to see that these days.
<review# 1154,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2012,6/17/2012,34,107,1,1,1>A coworker had recommended this place, so I had to check it out.  GREAT FOOD!  Truffle oil/butter is used on several items, and it gives it that special finish.  We started off the meal with the pork stuffed peppers - very good and wish we had 3 times as many of them.  I had the grilled cheese and tomato soup - would venture to say it's the best grilled cheese I've ever had (sorry Mama)!  Soup was quite tasty too.  My boyfriend's father had the fried chicken and cleaned his plate.  I had a little nibble - the jalapeño in the buttermilk batter is a nice touch.  My boyfriend had the fried egg sandwich with the truffle chips, and his plate was clean.  Those truffle chips are killer.  My only complaint was the loud music, but it did drown out the cackling laugh from the table behind us - silver lining.  I've been told it's not so noisy during lunch.
<review# 1155,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2012,6/16/2012,119,309,3,4,3>I've been wanting to try this place ever since I read the reviews for it a month ago. I finally got my opportunity earlier this evening, Right when you walk into this place you know that there is some serious que-ing gong on. The aroma of hickory smoke permeates this establishment. We walked up to the counter and placed our orders. Since it's my first time in this BBQ place I want to try a little of everything, so I ordered the #4 combo that had ribs, brisket, sausage and chicken.I chose potatoe salad and cole slaw as my sides. My sweetie got a brisket and sausage plate also with potato salad but she opted for beans. We sat down to enjoy our meal, and enjoy it we did. The ribs were by far the best thing that they make, and I didn't use a bit of barbeque sauce on it because there was no need for it. The brisket was a little on the dry side but the flavor of it was very good, as was the chicken. The sausage was delicious, the prodly serve Kielbasa brand sausage made right here in Texas. As for the sides, the potato salad was alittle too sweet for my taste and the cole slaw was just right. My wife's beans were also really good too. Their sauce is a little more vinegary than most other Texas sauces, but it works well for their que. We did get it on the side and I used it rather sparingly, and mostly on the brisket. The prices were pretty good too and the people were very friendly. When we left we smelled like the inside of the Old Smokehouse and I can't think of a better cologne. I'll definitely be back I want to try their pork shoulder.
<review# 1156,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2011,6/15/2012,84,393,2,10,5>In a city that has many days over 100 degrees it is great to find an indoor place where kids can run around like maniacs.  Minitown is just that: multiple rooms that are "mini" versions of things.  There is a mini IBC bank, mini hair salon, mini HEB, mini theater that shows movies all day, mini phone booths, mini school, and a small room for babies under 18 months.  Outside there is a full size playground and a mini train runs Fri thru Sun.  I believe open play is during the week everyday except Tuesdays and runs $8 for the first kid $6 for each subsequent kid.  Weekends are mainly birthday parties so you may want to call ahead.  Three party rooms are available for reservation, and they have kitchenettes.  A small arcade is towards the back for older kids, but for the most part this is a venue for toddlers/little kids.Directions (since my GPS led me on the scenic route):Heading west on I10 exit DeZavala stay on access road.After DeZavala pass Home Depot, then after Brake Check make an immidiate right on Casa Bella.  Then look on your left for Minitown.  Try not to miss the turn b/c you will have to loop all the way back around to DeZavala.
<review# 1157,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2012,6/14/2012,42,98,,3,4>You know, I've been to fancy smanshy places and hole in the walls. As good as the fancy places are the hole in the walls usually win with me. King's Court is a good example of this. It's a small little house turned restaurant with friendly owners that cheerfully cook and serve you food. The decor inside is brightly colored, artistic and vividly interesting. When we ordered my friend and I weren't too hungry so we shared a Chicago Dog. First off, I had no idea that Chi-city natives liked NEON green relish. So if you didn't know (like moi) it's just relish with food coloring to better stimulate your retinas. With it we chose tater tots. All perfectly tasty! What really counted was the frankfurter wasn't a wimpy one, it was nice and meaty. The owner (at least I think he was the owner) was kind enough to split our hot dog in half and serve us on separate plates. To top it all off the price was right! So yeah! - friendly service, good food, good price, great decor and location is why I'll take a place like King's Court that makes me feel at home any day over a large overpriced embellished restaurant.
<review# 1158,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2011,6/13/2012,104,119,1,2,2>I've been to Kennedy's on several Sunday nights.  I can say that I've always had a great time there.  Everyone is so friendly and welcoming, and there's a nice mix of all sorts of people (young, not-so-young, hip, not-so-hip and everything in  between).  Sundays are karaoke nights and there are some pretty good singers (who appear to be regulars).  There's also Buzztime trivia (which I just love to play!) and nightly happy hour specials.  You can't go wrong with the laid-back vibe here...we'll be back!
<review# 1159,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2011,6/12/2012,52,88,2,5,2>I called Bulwark first thing this morning when I saw a scorpion walking down my hallway last night. oMG ! This was a wake up call for me! I'm from CA so I'm not used to the typical pests here in San Antonio so naturally I was freaked out. When I called Bulwark they scheduled me for the next day. A couple hours later they were nice enough to call me back to let me know they had an opening come up today so of course I took it.  The tech's name was Andrew. Communication was great. He called me to let me know he was on his way and made good conversation while he was here. He was very polite and answered all my questions. The good thing about Bulwark is they have good time slots to fit every persons schedule.  The reason for the 4 stars is because I have yet to see if their treatment has worked. I paid $ 95 for initial in/outdoor treatment and $89/every 3months.  Everything is guaranteed to work so if anything pops up in between treatments it's free for them to come out and spray. Yuuuup so there yaaaa go . Hope this helps any body looking for local pest control.
<review# 1160,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2012,6/11/2012,23,109,4,6,4>My husband didn't want to go here. "I'm hungry," he said. "I don't want to eat a bunch of cucumber sandwiches," he said. I explained to him that this was a full on restaurant, not really a tea room, but I could tell he didn't believe me-- he eyed me suspiciously during the drive like I was part of some Cucumber Sandwich Pyramid Scheme. And he really, really liked it. I did too. This was probably the last restaurant on my Gruene list because I'd never been awed by the menu. Quiche, coconut shrimp, spinach salad... yawn. All things I've seen before. What I discovered, though, was the difference excellent execution makes. The artichoke and spinach dip actually had recognizable, fresh artichokes and spinach (more difficult to eat then the standard pureed version, significantly yummier). The veggie sandwich was refreshing. The special of the day-- an asian salad-- was not, as a table near us noted, at all like Applebee's. Which is what I'm saying: You've seen the items on the menu before; they are much better here. One downside is that the interior of the restaurant did make my husband think we were walking into his tearoom nightmare (floral chintz everywhere, with an incongruous deerhead on the wall for good measure) but the upside is that there is a lovely garden you can eat. Another downside is the slow, sort of wonky service. If you're doing a leisurely brunch, great... might not be so fun other times. All in all, though, I'd recommend this as a spot in Gruene.
<review# 1161,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2011,6/10/2012,125,331,3,3,3>W00T!  This place is a keeper!  I followed Bettinna's advice and ordered Griselsa's tacos callajeros.  The menu only listed beef and chicken as options, but as I called out my order, "one beef, one chicken, and one..." the waiter, finished my sentence - "one pork?"  I confirmed the order and then as the waiter sauntered off, I started wondering - just how many times has Bettina been to this place?  Maybe she should have a plate named after her?I left with one question unanswered - how is the ceviche?  I never did find it on the menu - did I overlook it?
<review# 1162,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2012,6/9/2012,25,319,5,6,6>I cannot believe that I've never written a review for this Culver's...a serious oversight! 1. This is the ONLY place in the city that my dad will eat a fish sandwich (or any fish, for that matter.). So, needless to say, when Daddy comes to visit - a Culver's we will go! 2. Their mushroom and swiss burger is my favorite fast food burger in the city.3. HOT fries. Did I mention HOT FRIES? Yeah, now my mom is a fan, too! Win-Win! I can't do anything but RECOMMEND Culver's for your fast food cravings! Yum-yum!
<review# 1163,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2013,2/6/2014,39,19,3,12,7>This was my first trip to Fratello's today.  The atmosphere is very open and bright with a brand new and clean feeling.  The tall ceilings and wood beams add to the unique atmosphere.When you walk in, you will be facing the pizza / bread / dessert counter, with the pizza oven on the left, the kitchen behind the counter, and the register on the right.  Order first, then take your number to your seat and they'll bring the food to you.My lunch date and I each had 1/2 sandwich on perfectly baked on-site homemade bread which comes with very crispy, salty, and slightly thick homemade potato chips (some might say they're too salty, but I liked them just fine), and a choice of either soup or salad.  On this day there was only one choice of soup - pasta fagioli, and two choices of salad - Caesar or Mista (mixed lettuce.)  I had the Caesar which was good but the dressing didn't have the tangy taste that I prefer in a Caesar.  The croutons were probably leftovers from the homemade bread which is absolutely delicious.  The sliced Reggiano Parmigiano cheese added the perfect touch.  Each table has its own small pepper grinder too.Fratello's is also a small Italian market which I suppose is designed to recreate the image of a New York / New Jersey deli, and it provides much of this ambiance with the prevalence of Italian meats, cheeses, and hundreds of bottles of olives, etc., but it is much too neat and clean and not nearly crowded enough to give you a truly authentic recreation of a NY/NJ deli.  (I'm not saying that's bad, it's just the truth.)They sell pizza which they cook in a wood fired oven (I haven't had any yet), pasta, and several desserts - I took home some of the mini-cannolis and they're excellent.  But the hit of the day was the Pane loaf which is baked on site and used on all their sandwiches.  Their web site says it's "soft in the middle, crispy on the outside" which is true.  I can't say enough - this bread is simply excellent, delicious with the perfect, perfect texture.  If you don't have time to eat a meal here, then do yourself a favor and stop by to pick up a couple of Pane loafs like I did today.  I have some leftover ham from Christmas dinner at my house, and this bread is going to make my leftovers taste like a real treat.
<review# 1164,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/31/2013,2/5/2014,109,104,3,8,7>I went to the McNay Art Museum for their Halloween night out and Dirty Dawgs food truck was the main attraction, well actually the only food truck. The line was crazy long and there were quite a few people waiting for their food. I decided to wait until the line died down to go order. The line kept going through the whole movie! I just decided to jump in line when I started reading their signature Dawg list, man was it impressive. The menu expanded from a German Dawg with sauerkraut to Dawgs wrapped in bacon! A regular Dawg cost only $3 and people these are no regular Dawgs, they are big enough to fill a 10 year old boy! I decided to go with the Mexican Dawg, bacon wrapped with avocado, tomatoes, jalapeños, salsa, cheddar cheese, and creama fresca! Man it was amazing! I will visit this food truck again and I look forward to trying all of their signature Dawgs. As posted in another review, I would have to agree... Don't waste your time on the fries, they were too greasy (limp) and had no flavor. Oh and it was a long wait (25 min) but the staff was friendly and it was worth the wait! Check them out!
<review# 1165,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2013,2/4/2014,65,158,2,9,6>Oh Stella, where have you been all these years?Walking through the dark hall across to Stella, I assumed that we would walking into a hipster's paradise, but I didn't realize how great it would translate to regular folks.First off, we were taken care of an amazing server who explained the restaurant's dedication to serving local, organic foods and domestic microbrews.  He brought us a few beer sample so we could make the first serious decision - drinks.  In addition to a good selection of beers (though many of the taps were out which is okay- that means that it is not sitting around!), there is a very nice wine list. We decided to try something from each menu category.  From the small plates, we ordered Wild Mushroom Mac & Cheese- very decadent and flavorful.  We ordered the house salad and commented that the greens were so fresh, you'd swear that they just went out five minutes prior to gather them.  The Fennel Sausage Pizza had great flavor and was a perfect size for two to share.  And dessert- Salt Caramel Panna Cotta was the best panna cotta I've ever had in San Antonio.Background music included some Stones and Nirvana and the space is a bit loud for easy conversation.  There is a patio adjacent, which is probably much quieter.Our bill was reasonable for the quality and quantity of food and we will definitely be going back again- next time, the mushroom pizza is mine!
<review# 1166,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2013,2/3/2014,80,87,16,10,7>This place has made a masochist out of me. The service is terrible. Trying to get a drink order in seems almost impossible at first (ugh). Once you do tho, the waiters keep refilling it every sip you take (double ugh).  The atmosphere is a little creepy, but that's subjective. What's not subjective is the hypnotic power of their Garlic Nan. It will make you ignore every single negative aspect of the place. Hell, you may even claim it is your favorite Indian joint in SA.They have a lunch buffet which a ridiculously good deal. Their food is always fresh and very well seasoned. I'm a fan of their Tandouri chicken and Lamb Curry. But give their Makhani and Tikka Masala chicken a try, as they are pretty solid and a good introduction to the place. I find their soups below average and I'd recommend you save yourself some calories and skip them. The vegetable pakoras are really flavorful and crunchy. But for the love of Carbs, ask your waiter (if you can manage to get their attention) for some Kashimiri Nan with raisins, pistachios and cherries. After your first bite, you will forget about the creepy curtains and accept the suspicious dude with the mustache walking around aimlessly as normal.
<review# 1167,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2013,2/2/2014,39,196,2,8,6>La Villita impresses me as one of the finest preservations of early Texas community, the years have been kind and have called this space many things, thanks to many efforts it has been restored and saved from too much change.NIOSA, LaVillita's big event  is a perfect opportunity for locals to enjoy this location.  I frequently walk through each of the galleries in la Villita to see what local artists are marketing. Each gallery is located in a separate 200 year old home, showcasing independent collections that do not reappear from one gallery to the next.  Galleries communicate with each other to ensure that visitors see a variety, I've never heard one gallery discourage a customer (who hasn't found what they're looking for) from shopping the other galleries to see more art.Gallery with the most artists? Probably the river art group,(close to 200).Most novel? Probably Monte Wade. Most variety? Probably Starving Artist Art Gallery.Most noteworthy artists? (my opinion) Artistic Endeavors.Other opportunities provide river access, food, souvenirs, crafts, handmade items.
<review# 1168,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2013,2/1/2014,200,68,8,4,3>Sometimes you just need your mouth-hole rocked. And that's why I come here. Lately they've been at the Quarry Farmers Market on Sunday mornings. I get breakfast. It melts my face off every time. Kiss my Grits with a side of Guaca-boles(?) will do the job nicely. You take cheese grits, you put a perfectly fried over-easy egg on top...then you sprinkle freshly-made bacon bits on top. Simple, yet phe-NOM-inal. And what else would compliment it more beautifully than a fried ball of guacamole, basted with some sort of sweet syrupy sauce?!?!?!?!?! I...ummm...I DON'T KNOW!!! I really don't think there is anything that would compliment Kiss My Grits better than that!!! Please don't be mad at me if there is...I'm not an expert.Bonus points for having something on the menu called Fuster Clucks. Jaime P. out.
<review# 1169,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2013,1/31/2014,23,17,4,15,9>You ever watch "Restaurant Stakeout" on the Food Network? It's the show where they put hidden cameras all over a restaurant, so they can figure out who's stealing money and/or why the food and service are so bad. And then the show host tells the owners how to fix things up.Let me tell you something, the owner of Bohanan's could teach any restaurant owner in America how to run a fine dining restaurant. In fact, there was only one other restaurant in all of San Antonio, EVER, that I would rate 5 stars --- and that was Le Reve, which is now closed.My wife and I celebrated our 14th wedding anniversary. Our reservation, made via Open Table, was for 6:15p. I requested a table in the side dining room overlooking Houston St. It's quieter with a more intimate feeling.  I called the restaurant to notify them we were running 15 minutes behind. No problem. We arrived and the host welcomed us and said he appreciated our phone call. On the way up the elevator to the dining room, our escort wished us a Happy Anniversary and made pleasant conversation.Our table was ready. There were red rose petals lined across the table. A nice touch. The waiter's helper came to the table. He was very warm and let us know the waiter would be right with us. About a minute later, the waiter shows up with 2 glasses of champagne.Every staff member in that restaurant, from the host to the manager, who later took us on a short tour of the restaurant and showed us the private dining room, were warm, friendly, knowledgeable and excelled at their job.From the appetizers to the steaks to our cherries jubilee desert, the food and presentation were amazing. By the way, I ordered a specialty cocktail which I didn't like (not the bartender's fault). No problem. "What can I replace it with, sir?"The bill, with parking and tip came to $290 for two. (I ordered the bone-in rib-eye, which was $30 more than the regular rib-eye.) Expensive? Yes! It was worth every last penny. What a great EXPERIENCE.
<review# 1170,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2013,1/30/2014,89,112,3,8,6>My go-to place! It's clean, the service is courteous and the experience is so relaxing. The salon plays soft music and smells good and I feel I'll just fall asleep in the massage chair when I'm getting a pedicure.It's a little pricey but the service/ambiance is superb and makes it worth it.
<review# 1171,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2013,1/29/2014,35,93,6,7,4>Where have you been all my life? Man..this place totally exceeded my expectations. This was actually the first time I had seen them at Alamo street eats and I was skeptical cause I'm not.a huge Mediterranean food fan. So at the encouragement of my boy we went over to it. The guy working was cool  and recommended trying the chicka chicka boom boom.  This consisted of...well I can't remember everything but it had chicken and cabbage and a whole bunch of other stuff. But when I took that first bite...WHEN I TOOK THAT FIRST BITE! oh man. The myriad of flavors hit me like Miley Cyrus and 5 of her friends twerking in my mouth. I can't even describe the different flavors but they all paired well and it was delicious! It was so good I had to get another one. Strangely enough...if you pick it up with your hand and eat it it tastes one way but if you try to cut it into pieces and eat it that way you miss out on flavors. It just tasted different...not in a bad way but different. It is possible I am delirious and imagined that. My boy also got the fried mushrooms (there was 6 of them I believe) and said they were delicious also. I highly recommend checking out this food truck, I will definitely be back.
<review# 1172,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2013,1/28/2014,37,34,6,12,9>So I'm recently on this vegetarian diet and if I am not able to find anything on the menu to eat if I go out then I will do fish or shrimp. I went to this restaurant for a birthday dinner and we were seated in the party room. Lots of space even with a lot of people. The waitresses were extremely nice and polite and got our drinks orders almost immediately after we sat down. They did a great job even with 20+ people in the party. I had the grilled shrimp Caesar salad and my friend and I shared this HUGE drink(minimum of two people have to share the drink). The shrimp were cooked perfectly and the salad was just right. The drink wasn't very strong so I didn't really get much out of it. I really enjoyed this place I will definitely be coming back and trying some of the other restaurants around it as well.
<review# 1173,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2010,11/22/2010,47,160,1,2,2>Oh Huisache....I've been coming here for quite some time (long before the building expanded).  This place is next to impossible to find unless you know it's there.  Frankly, the food is good here, but not stellar.  The atmosphere is nice.  I've never really been able to pin down what it is that is missing from this place but something is.  I inevitably get the same thing every time...mixed grill.  My wife gets the pecan crusted trout.  Both are very good.  If you are a tourist, definitely stop in...smack dab in downtown so you can always grab an after dinner cocktail at one of the many nearby taverns.
<review# 1174,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2010,11/21/2010,44,6,1,2,4>I'm not the biggest fan of pizza, probably because it's so hard to find a good one...BUT I do enjoy the flavors that 46th Street has to offer.At first glace, it looks like a small Pizzeria, and those are usually some of the best.  As you walk in, you might be a little thrown off by the somewhat odd, grey decor, but don't let that mislead you.  Maybe they were going for the New York, concrete jungle look.My favorite dish at 46th Street is the pepperoni calzone.  LOTS of ooey gooey mozzarella, fresh ricotta and some zesty pepperoni all cocooned in the crispy on the outside, chewy on the inside crust.  Be forewarned - the calzones are HUGE.  It's pretty much an entire pizza folded in half with a side of marinara sauce in a soup bowl.Let's not forget about their pizza!  I enjoy the Hawaiian pizza myself.  Fresh mozz, ham, and pineapple make for a tasty pie.  I really want to commend 46th street for their crust!  It has the right amount of crisp, and a little chewiness.  The crust is thin too, so it won't overwhelm you with bread. I go there for lunch every so often, and my co-workers fight for the leftovers I bring back.  Lord knows I could never finish that calzone by myself, lol!
<review# 1175,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2010,11/20/2010,47,155,1,3,2>What do you look for in a Korean market?    I look for a selection of snacks and ramens unavailable in most stores.  In addition, rice, kimchee, and a selection of frozen seafood.This place may seem "cramped" to those that have lived their entire lives HEBesque supermarkets where you really have to go out of your way to bump into someone.  This place is perfectly fine and no safety issues.  Go here if want kimchee, ramen, and Korean snacks.  Not as cheap as it's larger counterparts like H-Mart but it fits the bill for the lack of Korean population in the San Antonio area.
<review# 1176,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2010,11/18/2010,26,59,,3,3>Dough is probably one of the best Pizzeria's in San Antonio.  Went there a couple of weeks back with the GF, and we will be going back.  This is a more formal setting Pizzeria, very nice inside.  The pizza crust and sauce was great.  The only draw back is our waiter must have been new because he wasn't very knowledgeable and didn't really suggest anything for us to try (it was our first time there), he would only tell us that everything on the menu is "Awesome", and all there wines on the wine list were "Awesome".  He literally said "Awesome" to use 12 times!!!  Aside from our waiter, our experience with the food was great, and we will be going back, hopefully not getting the same waiter...
<review# 1177,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2010,11/17/2010,122,156,4,8,3>Bin 555 is a restaurant that reminds me of the restaurants back in San Fran. It's a cool, hip spot with well thought out and deliciously crafted tapas. Hands down one of my favorites in San Antonio!!!You should definitely go in a group. Sharing is caring. The tapas are sized perfectly to be split amongst four people.  My hubby and I always order wayyyy too much when we go alone and we just end up stuffing ourselves till we want to puke because we don't want a morsel of the food to go to waste.Let's see what's on the menu...MMmmmMm...definitely go for the dates wrapped in prosciutto with blue cheese. It's the perfect combination of salty sweet with a pungent tang from the cheese. Soooo good. Grilled cheese sandwich is a definite must with their sweet tomato jam. The sea bass is amazing, the meat is soft and flaky with a crisy skin top. Oh and if you are okay with just getting ONE scallop ( I beg the owners to add another scallop to this dish! I mean the scallop is big, but jeez, it ain't THAT big...), the scallop is seared to perfection.  Honestly we've had 80% of the menu and everything is delicious - with the one exception of the salmon, which is seasoned way too heavily with something strong that destroys the delicacy of the fish. And let us not forget their full wine bar!!! Their flights of wine never let me down and the pours are incredibly generous. I get pretty toasty after the second glass and there are five glasses in a flight.Bin 555 is a DEFINITE must to try if you live in San Antonio!
<review# 1178,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2010,11/16/2010,2,10,2,5,1>I am a big fan of any place that serves tots.  Delicious, salty, greasy, crispy golden tots!  Yum!  The hamburger I had was pretty good as well.  Greasy, juicy and probably big enough that I should have shared it rather than devour the entire thing myself.  For about $9 I got a hamburger, a huge portion of 1/2 tater tots 1/2 onion rings and a drink.  I was super excited that they had cherry coke, not many places do and it's my favorite!I'd like to come back again for the food.  The only thing I didn't like was their parking lot.  It's all gravel, small and a bit of a chore to maneuver out of.
<review# 1179,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2010,11/15/2010,63,117,5,8,5>A friend and I went here for a weekday lunch. The place was packed even at around 11:00am, but we were seated in less than 2 min. Even for a lunch menu, the buffet had an extensive selection. There were the usual tikka and tandori plus 6-7 different types of curries (half of which were vegetarian). The flavors were pretty good (not too salty) and they replenished the dishes quickly. The bill was about $8-10/person, and you even receive a punch card that gets you the 7th dinner/lunch for free. It's a quick&cheap fix for indian food cravings.
<review# 1180,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2010,11/14/2010,231,60,5,7,5>I had heard rumors of an amazing coffee shop in Stone Oak for awhile, but I usually wait for the hype to die down before I try anything that everyone and their mother seems to rave about.My loss.  I waited until a few weeks ago and I feel as if I lost an entire year of my life.  Local Coffee isn't just a great coffee shop, it's the best I've ever had the pleasure of visiting.  And that's saying a lot...I've traveled the world (42 countries to date) and drank coffee in some of the most renowned places on earth - Paris cafes, Italian espresso bar where brusque Italian men jockeyed for position, coffee with the Greeks while looking up towards the Parthenon, Kona coffee as I watched the waves crash on the shores of Maui, and even though I've never been to Turkey, I've been to enough Turkish-run kebab shops in Germany to get my fill...I've even had a few cups in Colombia (although it was only at the airport).  I'm no coffee snob either.  I'll drink the cheapest coffee or the most expensive - at home I typically brew from the giant tub of HEB cheap-o coffee that lasts me a month.When given a chance though, I'll take a latte or a cappuccino any time of day.  Cold or hot.  Just give me coffee.Wait, where was I...oh yeah, Local Coffee (sorry the caffeine sometimes distracts me)...If you like coffee, go.  If you hate paying extra for "fancy" coffee, go.  If you think Starbucks is heaven, go.  If you just want to relax in a artsy cafe, go.  If you don't know a latte from a hole in the ground, go.Do yourself a favor.  Go.  Now.Seriously the best coffee I've ever had and that's saying a lot.  The latte was delicious - the milk thick and creamy, the coffee ever so sweet (I actually regretted adding sugar, because the coffee was so perfectly brewed), the cup the size of my head.  If you think coffee is supposed to taste bitter, you really need to try Local Coffee.  It will change the way you think of a cup of joe.While I was there, my friend had an Italian soda, which looked amazing and is on my list of things to try on a future trip (although I'll probably have to order it along with a coffee, as there is no way I'm leaving there without coffee).I have a meeting this week and guess where it's at?  Local Coffee is large enough to spread out and have a decent meeting with out bumping elbows with the guy checking his fantasy football scores.  Art is hung on the walls (and is for sale) and the staff are friendly.  I think the price (for what you're getting) is phenomenal - it's inline with other coffee spots, but much better in taste.You can tell when you walk in here that this is a place that's serious about coffee.  They know what they're doing, they love what they're doing, and they want to share quality coffee with you - not just the liquid in your cup, but the history, passion, knowledge, and finer points.I've never met the owner Robby, but I will soon enough...just so I can say thanks in person.
<review# 1181,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2010,11/13/2010,120,44,5,13,6>I've been going to this small gym 4 to 5 times weekly for about two months now.  It's a nice neighborhood gym that has everything I need to do strength training and cardio.  I give it only four stars for two reasons:  They are not open 24 hours and they do not have locker rooms.  I wake up daily at 5 am and hit the gym by 6...usually on the weekends as well.  This schedule works well for me Monday through Friday, but on Saturday and Sunday, they don't open until 8am...too late for me as I often work the weekend.As for locker rooms, they have an open wall of lockers right in the main room of the gym, giving no privacy.  I prefer to wear something warm in the winter time and change into my work out clothes when I get to the gym...and to not have to wear my sweaty gym clothes back home...But, for the price and convenience of the location, it is my gym.
<review# 1182,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2010,11/11/2010,23,109,5,8,9>Look, I know people don't usually Yelp about storage.  Which makes sense, because... it's storage.  However, should you find yourself in the whirlwind of misery that is being stuck between houses while moving, do yourself a favor and go to Austin Highway Self Storage (or the companion out in Castle Hills).  The adorable older man who owns it is unbelievably nice and proud of what he does-- and he's good at.  He was even, as he made sure to inform me, featured in a national magazine.  Granted, that national magazine was called "Storage Units Monthly" or something of the sort, but I'm still impressed.  The units are new and clean, the bathrooms are sparkling, and the customer service is kind and attentive.
<review# 1183,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2013,11/28/2013,40,18,9,4,4>Ahhh, Barbaro. I've been here twice so far. The first time was with a friend and we were immediately seated at a high table next to another couple (a chair was in between us, so it was okay.) Our waitress wasn't available for much questioning, but we went with our starving guts and ordered an appetizer and 2 pizzas. The cauliflower salad (I forgot the proper name) was AWESOME. We wouldn't shut up about how great it was. "Oh my god, this is good. No, it's like really good. Have a told you that I really like this salad?" I'm sure the couple next to us were like "stfu". Anyways, after that we got the kale and hash brown pizza which just made me wish I could eat this for breakfast everyday. We got the smoked mozzarella pizza as well, which was just as delicious. I will say that the dough is not my favorite in town, but I'm really there for the toppings anyways. OH, they don't skimp on toppings. That bad boy is loaded to the edge. I came a second time and sat at the bar with another friend (I have a lot of friends). We ordered a bottle of champagne (not sure which, but I know it wasn't Andre). After a nice buzz happened, we ordered the Benton's bacon pizza. Mainly because the bartender was like "Have you ever HAD Benton's. Bacon...?" And we're like nooo and he's like you need to. It was delicious and I'm glad Benton decided to make bacon. For all the little bbys out there who don't like to walk more than 20 yards from their car, no. Yes, there is little parking. It's a residential area by all means, and all that walking will do you good after a couple pizzas. Don't let that deduct a star from your rating. I'm sure if they could knock a house down to put in your precious parking lot... they still probably wouldn't. I however live two blocks away so, ha! I'm going back for the ricotta cheesecake tonight.
<review# 1184,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2013,11/27/2013,41,10,2,7,8>I love this place. The best BBQ I've ever had! It has the most amazing atmosphere. You can dine inside or on the huge covered outdoor patio with live music and a playground for kids. It has Harley's there for biker night which is always a plus. The brisket is the most juiciest I have ever had. Smoked to perfection. My favorite is the baked potato smothered with brisket on top. The sides are delicious too.  Give this place a try and you will see trip is always worth it.
<review# 1185,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2013,11/26/2013,82,258,11,4,5>Dear god, please give me the strength to resist that hot, crispy delicious naan and not drink the tub of olive oil to go with it! I guarantee that its a prayer that you start with before heading out to Pasha for any kind of meal.  Alas you find that despite your resolve to not eat the evil white bread, it is impossible since the breadperson has not listened to your entreaties and casually tosses a toast hot naan on your table with a mixture of olive oil and zatar (their zatar is excellent BTW).Oh and lest you forget, this is Persian cuisine.During lunch you order at the counter and during dinner, they come take your order and you wait while munching on the delicious bread and thinking "damn this is good and I hope my food comes soon else I am going to be too full" and bam! another fresh one lands on your table! What the!!?? Aah well..screw it, I am eating it. and you dig in again.The food has been quite good every time I have eaten here.  The kashke badamjan (similar to a babaghanoush) is quite good and so is the fried cauliflower. The frying adds a crispiness to the florets and almost sweetens them.  A quick dip in the zatar and its the delivery of deliciousness.  Not all kebabs are made equal though and some of them are quite pricey for what you get in my opinion. The salmon and the jujeh kebab (cornish hen) have also been quite good.   My favorite dish so far is the ghormeh sabzi which is long and slow cooked greens with beef and preserved lemons that add just the perfect saltiness and tanginess. You can taste dill and garlic in this, but it would be nice if they added a bit of fresh dill in the end to brighten the flavors.  We have had decent service at all times.This place rates more like a 3.5...but since there is no .5, I will give it a 4, specially since they were really nice to my mom. ...yeah I said it..my mom!
<review# 1186,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2013,11/25/2013,51,79,3,9,7>For me, Halcyon is my all-purpose study/social spot.  It's located in the Blue Star complex, which is a little far from the Med Center, but it's a nice venture into another part of town. By day, it can be a hip study place, a fun location to meet for brunch, a cozy spot to play bananagrams or Apples-to-Apples, or a place to eat smores (yes, with the whole melting the marshmallow bit!) at the table.  By night, it's a hip lounge for socializing (they have a impressive alcohol menu, for those of you so inclined).Food/Beverages: Halcyon offers the usual coffee and tea beverages along with an extensive variety of specialty drinks like pure mango smoothies, Italian sodas, chocolate espresso martinis, etc. For those of you who like tea, they do have a bigger variety of teas than other local places - they actually have oolong tea, yay! As for food, there are breakfast, brunch, and lunch items available.  And don't forget about the table-side smores - probably my favorite food item to order because it's a fun social thing to do with friends without the smoke of fire pits.  Ambiance: Halcyon is a hip place, no doubt.  It is fun, laid-back, and artsy.  They have a rotating art collection, which is nice because it spices up the place every couple months.  If you're looking for studying, come during the day and sit by the windows, and you'll get good lighting.  There are also couches for groups, and little tables all throughout.  Come 8:30 PM, expect the music to pick up quite a bit, and that's your cue that Halcyon is now a lounge space.  I've tried to study there past 8:30pm, but have found it difficult.  Too bad, because they're open until 2 AM.  You might have better luck during the earlier weekday nights.  However, if you're there studying all day, reward yourself with some socializing when the sun goes down.  They also recently added in a shelf of board games and books, making it all the more fun to be there with friends.  And yes, there is free wi-fi.Service: The staff members are all very personable and nice.  Some of them are amazing coffee artists, too - so if you have a special request, ask for it. They're still trying to figure out the best service method (have people order at the counter or do the whole waitress/waiter bit), but beyond that, I feel that service is decent.Pricing: I would have to say that the pricing includes the atmosphere.  Some things can be a bit pricey for the amount you get, but go in expecting privately-owned coffee shop prices, and you won't be too surprised.  Hours: Open until 2 AM every day.  But, for students, I would say the study time ends around 8:30 PM (unless you're really good with loud music and chatter).I really like how versatile Halcyon is, and it's attempt to make a community atmosphere.  For me, it's a nice weekend alternative when I can go in early and grab a seat by the window, put in a good day's worth of studying, and then relax later with some friends.
<review# 1187,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2013,11/24/2013,70,122,2,5,4>*Please see my original review*I just tried the Saturday vegan brunch and, I must say, I am so thoroughly impressed with the quality and love that the owners and chefs put into the fresh food. I loved the brunch and the brunch service so much that I have increased the rating to a full five stars.My absolute brunch favorites were the Southwest green tomato migas, mashed sweet potatoes, and the strawberry lemon drop oatmeal. The brunch also featured fresh-baked dill cheddar biscuits, wonderful zucchini bread waffles (which I had with some agave nectar), cheesy zucchini scramble breakfast tacos, roasted lemon cucumber salsa and chips, BBQ purple hull peas (so good!), baked mac n' cheese, ginger kale salad, and strawberry hemp salad.I cannot wait to try the Saturday night farmer's market dinner that features fresh, local ingredients!The food is so good that I am sure you will be back, so get the frequent diner card.
<review# 1188,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2013,11/23/2013,37,101,4,9,6>First and last xfit gym that I will be attending ...in a GOOD way lol scared ya huh?!? :P I'm not a xfit girl AT ALL, more of an stair master air conditioned gym kinda gal, however my husband and I joined this gym 4 months ago and wow it's addicting! I HATE (well that's such a strong word) lets say dislike the gym ;yet this place is habit forming and most of all the knowledge regarding nutrition aka Paleo... It's life changing and I wouldn't dream about going back to my old ways...all the trainers are knowledgeable,helpful and they don't give up on you...God knows they wanted to on me lol...one of the owners Eric is a great mentor and pushes you to self betterment, no matter if this is something that comes natural or doesn't (like me) lol . They are open 7 days a week and hold classes pretty much all day, gym is prison style aka no A/C..keeps me roughed up! Other fellow xfitters are sociable,supportive and friendly. I have also heard this is one of the best equipped,creative WOD's and very welcoming "box"s. As I have only been to this one and not planning on going anywhere else so I am going to go with my gut and agree :D
<review# 1189,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2013,11/22/2013,28,373,2,5,5>Despite the name failure, this place is producing some pretty darn good Japanese food. I base my opinion on having lived in Japan for nearly a decade AND the opinion of my Japanese wife.The first dish I ate here was their kutsu curry. While the pork was a tad thin it was of adequate size. The curry is just a simple, smooth curry that tasted very similar to CoCo Ichiban curry. The presentation is different but the taste was quite authentic.My wife has gotten the churashi zushi every time we've gone in and she loves it. The price is $14 but it's adequate for what you get. They tend to load too much rice in the bottom which pushes the sashimi up and out of the bowl and making it visually more appealing. All the usual suspects are there from salmon, to tuna, to unagi, and ikura. The tempura shrimp are of good size but the method of presentation makes the bottom portion moist. The taste is quite good with a nice crunch (besides the bottom part in contact with the paper/plate). The gyoza themselves aren't spectacular and really taste like they purchased them from Minna-no Mart. The gyoza sauce is quite nice as it seems to be accented by fresh ginger. Oh, the yakimeshi (fried rice) is great! I got the combo yakimeshi and both both me and my wife loved it. It's a rather smallish portion so it definitely isn't a main entree.The rolls are typical of what you can get at any American sushi restaurant. I won't say that they're spectacular in any way but that doesn't mean they're bad, either.The restaurant itself is dimply lit so lots of mood lighting. It would make a nice date place. As I mentioned in the beginning, the name is a total failure. I am almost sure they meant to name their place "O-ishi" which means delicious in Japanese. However, "O-shi" means "almost" or "nearly" as if you were shooting the game-winning shot at the buzzer only to have the basketball swirl around the rim and roll out. I guess they've invested too much in their signage to change things now.In all, this is a very respectable Japanese restaurant. The restaurant itself is visually appealing and the food is fairly authentic. The menu is not very extensive but what they go have if pretty close to real. It's worth the drive to Stone Oak if you're looking for some good Japanese. They also have a Happy Hour but the menu is quite limited.
<review# 1190,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2013,11/21/2013,285,293,2,6,4>I love Picnikins - it's nothing particularly fancy, but it's always delicious.The lunch is salads and sandwiches. My favorite is the Ultimate. The bread is high quality, and the sweet potato fries are divine.Dinners are a little fancier. You sit down to order. The menu is definitely eclectic - pork chops, salads, meatloaf. I recently got the Malaysian curry - sweet and spicy and filling. It was very well balanced. The leek and mushroom meatloaf looked small, but we couldn't finish it.This location is a little quieter than the one on Blanco. It's never too busy, so head here for a quiet lunch or date night.
<review# 1191,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2013,11/20/2013,65,158,2,3,2>Perfect place for picking up large quantities of flowers for parties, but be sure to come early for best selection.  If you don't know your flowers, you will be confused about pricing; there is a master list inside the cooler, but no prices on the actual buckets of flowers.  Selection is random- some high end flowers, lots of cheaper ones.  I got enough "daises" (actually some mini mums and several varieties of daises) to make 12 table arrangements for $80, including ribbon (I already had the vases).Speaking of ribbon, I have never seen such a huge selection and cheap too!  There is an area of faux florals in the back, but I didn't explore it.
<review# 1192,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2013,11/19/2013,39,196,2,9,7>Seat yourself.  Pick up a menu.  Read about Bernard McGraw.  Server will assist you with drink, and any menu advice.  Enjoy music from a time when you could walk through an airport  without even seeing a security guard.  Oh wait, you just did that! Tables by the windows are the premium seats   I ordered the stuffed chicken breast off of the lunch menu. Bones that were found, and skin suggest that prep work is labor intensive, and probably cut from whole fryers in the kitchen.  Stuffing is moist and consistent. Cajun fries were fresh and crisp. The cornbread was fluffy,sweet, and a little salty.According to Bernard The big night is Saturdays around sunset facing west looking at the runway  out the ample dining room windows across the tarmac while planes loft and land alternately while live jazz plays from the stage.For most people in San Antonio Bernard's might be out of the way.  On the way there you will pass many places that can satisfy an appetite, Bernard will not disappoint, he may feed your soul.Bernard's takes reservations for Saturday nights, please be prompt, seating is limited.
<review# 1193,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2010,1/12/2011,24,81,1,3,1>I am now a huge fan of Jerry's!  The hot dogs are the best; made with Vienna sausage and made with love by Jerry himself.  Since it is only him and his wife, it does take a while to get your food; but it's worth the wait!  He takes his time to make sure your hot dog is perfectly made so that every bite has every piece of delicious ingredient included.  I also tried their cheese fries and while they were pretty good, the fries on their own, without the cheese, were even better!  The only downside of course is that it's downtown, so you can't just drive your car there and park.  You will have to park at a meter or parking garage and walk to this place.  You may not want to do it during the hot summer months, but I did - and I didn't regret it!They also recently expanded so now you can sit inside and enjoy your meal.  Also - cash only.
<review# 1194,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2010,1/10/2011,131,57,1,1,2>I highly recommend Tost Bistro both as a foodie destination and a swinging happy hour spot.  I first tried it during restaurant week and I was blown away!  It's next door to a dry cleaners, so I didn't expect much.  The food was delicious.  They have really interesting signature cocktails.  I had one called The Aviation that had a lavender scented liquer.  If you're looking for a nice dinner destination and are tired of the same old joints, I must suggest Tost!
<review# 1195,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2010,1/9/2011,234,170,5,8,5>I've only been here three times, and I'm already dazzled by Jacala. Some Yelpers met here tonight to celebrate National Taco Day, and I'm convinced that we ended up at exactly the right place for the occasion. Our servers were so accommodating to our large party. I don't think we even had a reservation, but everyone was so friendly and courteous. I really appreciated that even though we were a pretty big and somewhat rowdy bunch, they still were all smiles and even let us split the ticket between each of us. But I'm getting ahead of myself, because the main order of business here is really the food, isn't it?So. I got the special #1 plate, which comes with just about everything you could possibly want in a Tex-Mex entree: a large chalupa smothered in their amazing queso, a very generous serving of guacamole, two cheese enchiladas with gravy, a puffy taco, rice, beans, and a side of tortillas. And yes, I did devour most of it-- do not underestimate the power of tenacity! The enchiladas were perfectly cheesy and delicious, and the queso, omg, the queso. It tastes amazing because they use real cheese to make it, not Velveeta. Unfortunately, it doesn't keep as long without suffering a bit on the texture end-- it starts to harden quite a bit more quickly than queso with processed cheese. Still, it is fan-freaking-tastic, and since the special #1 comes with a chalupa smothered with it, I can enjoy a smaller portion without leaving any bits behind to harden in the bowl. The real star of the show, though, is the taco. Jacala's puffy taco is out-of-this-world. For any Austin folks reading, these tacos remind me of those from Amaya's Taco Village--the puffy taco shell is not too greasy, really soft and fresh tasting. The fillings inside are also generously seasoned and full of flavor. Now that I think about it, I might skip the combo dinner and just get the taco dinner next time. Hot damn, y'all.
<review# 1196,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2010,1/8/2011,146,167,2,6,4>I was a Folawn's customer for over 2 years. If you're looking for a consistent, solid Aveda salon in San Antonio this is it! Subscribe to the weekly emails, and you get 20% all last minute bookings (they email out on Mondays all the appointments that are open for that day, Tuesday, and Wednesday). I requested Jackie for a while for haircuts when I had bangs, but after I grew out the bangs I didn't have a hairstylist preference since my hair is long really anyone can cut it. I'd also recommend Folawn's to purchase your Aveda products. They often have 20% discounts around holidays, e.g. Valentines' and Mothers' Day.With the 20% discount on your booking, basic haircuts are a mere $36--that's for a wash, hand/arm massage while your conditioner sets, cut, and blowdry! I turned 3 of my friends to Folawn's, and Folawn's became their regular salon too. I would also recommend Folawn's for the waxing. I had many a bikini/brazilian wax there, and the estheticians are really great. I believe this is the most affordable bikini wax you're going to find in SA!The best part about Folawn's: Gratuity is included in all the services so you don't have to worry about how much to tip and if you have multiple services you don't have to worry about splitting the tip! What a relief. I'm no longer in SA, so I'm on the hunt for a new salon, and I seriously miss Folawn's.
<review# 1197,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2010,1/7/2011,34,173,9,4,3>Somewhere along the lines of my meal, I skipped from happily satisfied to food coma to slowly and somewhat painfully digesting the meal several hours later.Everything about this place screams "southern diner" from the neighbors walking to the joint with their kids, to the big mirrors placed along the ends of the restaurant.  Their menus proudly mention their many food network and travel channel mentions, along with 3-pound cinnamon roll from Man vs. Food.Their specialty had to be the chicken-fried steak, as it seemed 3 out of every 4 diners (and the place was packed at 11:30am), along with your choice of 2 sides and a dinner roll.Your eyes will likely gorge at the size of the chicken-fried steak as you notice other diners receiving their smoking hot dishes.  Do not, I repeat, DO NOT make my mistake and look longingly and stir up your appetite before receiving your steak.  It looked and smelled so delicious, I couldn't help it.  I ate my whole steak.  That was an unfortunate decision, as it was larger than my stomach was capable of handling, and I could feel those final pieces shoving its way into my gut.  Every bite is delicious, but the afterwards I feel unhealthy, like it washed my stomach of every piece of salad or spinach that might have helped clean it and replaced it with chicken-fried batter.It was an awful experience post-meal.  Would I do it again?  Almost definitely.
<review# 1198,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2010,1/6/2011,17,56,2,6,3>My first trip to sexy COCO was over a year ago and it was a great time. Some girlfriends and I went for dinner but were able to catch the tail end of a great happy hour. Can't remember the details exactly but I remember scoring deals on food AND booze.  The bartender made a cool, crisp Cucumber Martini that was perfect for a summer evening! We were seated at one of the luscious (sidenote...anyone else feel zesty writing the word "luscious"?)  velvet booths for dinner. I ended up getting the salmon which was delicious...although I did think the portion size was a bit small. We enjoyed wine and very good service. My second trip to COCO was just this past weekend.  A friend and I split the Groupon from a couple months back and decided to use it for their Sunday Brunch.  My dining compadre can't have gluten so we called ahead to make sure she would be a-ok and the chef assured us it wouldn't be a problem. What's even better is he personally escorted her around the buffet to show her what she could and couldn't have.  Lucky for me, I could have every ounce of deliciousness on that bad boy. Here's (what is intended to be) a brief rundown (but once I start reminiscing who knows how long I'll go on) of what the buffet had - salad station, poached salmon, chicken salad, an amazing cheese selection, pastries, breads, a TO-DIE-FOR goat cheese dip, pasta, a chocolate fountain taller than me, and an assortment of awesome desserts. There was more but those were my favorites.  The buffet also features a massive crepe station which can be added onto the buffet for an extra fee. Now, when I think of crepes I think of thin little pancakes with fruit mixed in, usually pretty small.  These things were big, honkin' crepes that could be filled with sweet or savory items...ham, spinach, veggies, cheese, fruit, chocolate, preserves, you name it.  And when I say massive, I mean massive.  I didn't add the crepe option on this time but will definitely in the future. We topped brunch off with bottomless mimosas which our server (was it Paul? Sorry homeboy, I guess I had too many mimosas...) made sure never got empty. And he was right on with the perfect champagne to orange juice ration (which may or may not be 90/10 ;) )
<review# 1199,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2010,1/5/2011,211,97,5,5,4>Just to go ahead and cut to the chase, this place is a dump. A literal shack on the side of the road that was obviously converted from a small house. There's only room for about 8 tables, and the dining room is cooled by two window units. The wooden floors are warped, and anything round will likely roll off your table. The decor in the place looks like it was chosen by someone's grandma, who is a die-hard NOLA Saints fan that used only items from her attic to cover the walls. Now, if you can get over that... The food there is amazing. It's like that die-hard NOLA Saints-lovin' grandma is in that teensy tiny kitchen preparing the food for you. It is some AUTHENTIC Creole cookin' - word is that Bernard came here after Katrina. In fact, Bernard - yes, THE Bernard - came to say hello to us at our table, and as I always dreamed, he came complete with Creole accent and a big ol' apron. We chatted, but as soon as we put in our order, he left us so he could cook it for us. Wonderful! The standard drink at Bernard's is Swamp Water, which is what seems to be lemonade + iced tea. It's good. Very sweet, but good. For lunch I ordered the meatloaf, which is delicious. Moist, with a crispy crust. I didn't even need to look for ketchup (note: where there is Breanne+meatloaf you will generally find a monstrous pile of ketchup nearby). On the side I chose green beans (spicy and peppery - yum!) and Creole Stuffing, which I also loved. When Bernard came back by to see how our meal was, I told him how much I loved the stuffing and asked what was in it. He stopped for a second and told me that he had to think about it because he doesn't really have a "set recipe," he just throws it all together each day, depending on how he was feeling. Today, he thought it was chicken breast, sausage, and some ground beef. The mass of the stuffing is made from leftover cornbread (which is great just being eaten as regular cornbread) from the day before that is frozen then broken up to be transformed into this amazing side dish. Now that's some home cookin.'
<review# 1200,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2010,1/4/2011,107,261,2,5,3>Nestled off of Naco and Broadway, this art studio is (hands down) the best place to take your children for art classes. The studio is filled with so much color and supplies, I wanted to sit down with David and take the class alongside with my kids.What is the best part about Art Works is this. If you can't make a regularly scheduled class, then buy the 10 pass punch card and go whenever! I keep my pass in my wallet so that when the kids are itching for something to do, I drop them off for the hour and half class. In that session, they painted, learned about Jackson Pollack, sculpted, drew pictures of wild animals and had an art show. What?? Meanwhile, I headed to HEB for my weekly shop and then read outside on the pretty deck under the trees.Best bang for the buck. I love this place. One caveat: I wish it were for adults, too.
<review# 1201,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2010,1/3/2011,153,232,5,7,5>How do I love the let me count the Guayaberas.  Custom made that is!  That's right custom made guayaberas!  You pick the fabric and she has lots to choose from.  Whether you want irish linen, broadcloth, pinpoint oxford she's got it.  Then you got to pick your color, white, blue, red, striped, camoflage, or anything else and she's got it.  Next is shirt sleeve or long sleeves, pleats, pockets, no pleats, stitching the choices are endless. This place is fantastic and Caroline will take excellent care of you.  So for that special person in your life head on down and get them a new Guayabera but hurry up or she won't have time to make it before Christmas
<review# 1202,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2010,1/2/2011,45,184,2,1,2>Now this is a church that I can relate to! Live music, food, and drinks? Baptize me, because I'm ready to be a member!Being, new to San Antonio, we were excited to find a neighborhood that could compete to our fun little arts district neighborhood back home in Kansas City. Thanks to Krys T, I think we've found a small comparison in Southtown. We love the quirky and twisted take on the world that independently owned places offer..and Casbeers fits the bill. I love the fact that its an old church with substituted stained glass and also offers outdoor seating. The atmosphere is fun and the burgers were incredible. No, dry burgers here. My hubby ordered the mushroom burger(name?) and I ordered the Lavaca Quac Burger..because I love anything quac related. We did our usual switcharoo split so we could enjoy the best of both worlds and agreed both burgers were excellent. No lame, iceburg lettuce here. Oh, and the onion rings..dont get me started on how perfect the rings were..no overly salted crumbly mess that leaves you with a limp onion at Casbeers, just perfectly flavored bites of what are probably some of the best onion rings we've had.We can't wait to drinks some cocktails and catch some shows here! Halleleujah!
<review# 1203,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2014,7/9/2014,245,102,6,8,7>This place is so unassuming, but it's a great little hidden gem in my current hood.  Yes, it's a recycled Pizza Hut, so the ambiance is a little weird, but are you really going for sushi on Nacogdoches for the ambiance?  You can get a bento box for lunch and get out of the door for under $10.  For me, their bento boxes are at least 2 meals, but for most people, it would just be a very large lunch.  Trust me and go with the bulgogi.  It's delicious!For dinner, you have the option of any of the traditional or specialty rolls that most places around town have.  The selection is huge, but unlike that other popular place, everything isn't deep friend and cream cheese laden.  They also have other dishes if you're not as adventurous and just want something like an Americanized Chinese dish.  They won't judge you for that order, but I will.  I'd love to keep this place a secret so I can still get in and out for lunch in half an hour, but I want them to stay open!
<review# 1204,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2014,7/8/2014,11,38,8,13,8>VEGAN FAST FOOD?!?!? Get right outta town!  Shut the f.....ront door!I am honored to accidentally be the first customer here and hence to be the first to review.We've known about earth burger for a whole because we eat a green vegetarian pretty frequently... And since it's the brainchild of the nice folks at green, we knew we were going to love it from its inception.They did a few pop up kitchens for earth burger inside of green and my wife went every single time and got me food.  It was amazing then, so naturally when we heard it would be open today we went around 11 am to check it out.There were still a few people adjusting a few last minute things and it didn't seem ready to go, so we felt bad that we had showed up early, but the manager assured us that it was okay and ushered us in and showed us the menu.  He told us a few things weren't quite ready to go, but it was basically just a few baked goods and lemonade; everything else was operational.The young lady who took our order was SUPER attentive to details and even read back our order twice to make sure that everything was correct.  She also suggested that vegan cheese would go good on the BBQ sandwich that my wife got... And she was correct!I got the burger, straight up, as well as 2 spicy chicken sandwiches.  If you're not into spicy stuff, you can order it without the spicy sauce, as I believe the chicken patty doesn't contain anything spicy.The burger came with ALL the fixins... Lettuce, tomato, onions, mustard and SECRET SAUCE!  What could it be?  I have no idea but the secret is that it's GREAT.The fries are a delicious crinkle cut variety.  Cooked literally PERFECT.  Not one of them was mushy, not one was burnt.  They were all literally a perfect golden color with the correct amount of crisp and soft delicious insides.  I'm gushing, but hey, I don't know the last time I've been somewhere they paid attention to every details like that.The spicy chicken sandwich didn't even make it home.  Hahaha.  It got devoured in the car and was perfect.Now, let's get down to brass tacks.  All the delicious burgers and sandwiches weigh in at $5 a piece.  Compare that to say.... Subway... Where $5 gets you a footlong of hydrogenated oils and freeze dried vegetables and quite definitely a feeling if regret after it.... I'd say that this burger was suuuuper filling and I felt a lot better about myself.From the $5 base price you can upgrade to a combo for a total of $8... A 16oz drink and an order of fries for only $3 more?  Sold.  If it weren't for having so many drinks I'd probably combo every sandwich.In summation, sorry I'm a rambler... I was born a ramblin' man.  This place scores an A on this gentleman's report card and my wife says the same.  You should it for yourself and I'm sure you'll agree.
<review# 1205,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2014,7/7/2014,220,318,5,9,6>When it comes to exercise, something is better than nothing, right? Add to that principle the tempting offer of burning approximately 600 calories while essentially relaxing for 45 mins or so out of your day, and that's what gets me into what I call "the jiggle gym".The machines use something called Whole Body Vibration, which was apparently invented by commie scientists to keep Cosmonauts from muscular atrophy in space. The 'science' for us earth-bound types: you stand on two platforms that move up and down at varying speeds, tricking your body into exercising under the guise of maintaining balance. So your body just tries not to fall down, and it feels a bit effervescent - like you're made of champagne on the inside - as you gently jiggle while you watch tv or chat with a friendly neighbor for two 10 minute sessions per day.Either in between sets or on either side of your sets, you sit in a 'far infrared' sauna for 15 minutes and just cold meditate or chat with someone (2 will fit) or read or whatever tickles your fancy as you sweat out toxins and take in "the most beneficial elements of the suns rays". My friends were opposed to getting in a box of hot - isn't outside enough?! - but it's a 'dry heat', and not humid or oppressive like a traditional sauna...and hot or not, it feels FABULOUS when you come out. All your day's crap will melt out thru your pores, and you'll feel good (if a little sweaty for the few minutes it takes to dry).I'm sure it's obvious I'm not an incredibly active person, and this "technology" is probably mostly aimed at folks with limited mobility or who are making moves toward trying to get on the healthy-er horse - but there are some sporty types who frequent this spot, too. The people are all friendly (especially the owners, Kenny and Cindy, who know us all by name). I'm unfortunately so easily distracted during my week[s] that I can't report results for faithful "shake and bake" action over a period of months.. but I can report that I can actually feel an increase in strength when I'm going regularly, and it always leaves me feeling relaxed. There's a post-massage-like bliss after a full session, no matter how recent my last visit. (I think that's what's bringing in the active types... that and the special machines Kenny has tucked in corners that can help rehabilitate specific injuries.)I don't know what else to say to do this place justice... it's really something you have to check out for yourself. They offer 2 free trial sessions -- and you don't even have to do them on consecutive days - so pop in one day and get your jiggle on. If only to feel the kooky effervescence just the once. Say hi to Kenny and Cindy for me!
<review# 1206,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2014,7/6/2014,200,68,10,9,5>Brisket taco. Cheese enchiladas. Sex. I put them all in the same category at Garcia's. No, sex is not on the menu. But hopefully you see where I'm going with this; the brisket at this place may well be the best in town. Wait, whaaaaat? The best brisket in town is at a Mexican restaurant!!? Not at Two Bros? Not at Rudy's? Not at Smoke Shack? Not even at Augie's?!??!Yep. I'm serious. And, while I'm sure there are bigger barbecue experts out there than me, I'm not exactly ignorant on the subject. I've driven hundreds of miles just to eat barbecue in Texas. I've earned my stripes...and gained a few pounds in the process. In fact, just last week I was at Black's in Lockhart. Check out my review: yelp.com/biz/blacks-barbSo I know it sounds crazy. But go try it yourself and tell me that brisket doesn't compete with SA's finest.Now the cheese enchiladas: damn. Damn, they're good! They are drenched in a delicious Mexican gravy or roux. I don't know what to call it, but it's that sauce that makes them so doggone tasty. Somebody hooked me up with the intel on this place. Now I'm doing that for you. Trust me. I have over 30 years of eating experience. I know what I'm talking about. Go to Garcia's. Eat all the things.
<review# 1207,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2014,7/5/2014,52,67,5,7,5>LOVE this store! They've got so many little trinkets everywhere! The walls are covered with piñatas, streamers, wreaths, dia de los muertos statues, colorful flowers, and a whole lot more! DON'T be foolish and buy your Fiesta stuff at Wal-Mart, everything there is overpriced by at least $2 if not more. There is sure to be something for everybody. Think you might not find something you like? Wrong! It's not just Fiesta stuff, there are at least 3 or 4 different areas just jam-packed with stuff. The staff members are very friendly and helpful. It can get a little cramped in there. What a beautiful store, can't believe I've passed by so many times and never been inside. I do wish they had more (official) Fiesta medals, to give the store on Broadway a run for their money! Tip: be sure to bring your I.D. if paying with debit/credit.
<review# 1208,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2014,7/4/2014,86,141,4,8,4>I have a few requirements for a bar. Great prices, staff, pours, and environment. Flynn's has excelled so far on all these levels. Came in for the soft opening so I'm giving it a "soft" review for now. But here's what I know. It's in the space previously occupied by Rev Room & most recently Leon. If you're a late 20 something year old like myself, then you have plenty of fond memories of Rev Room. Put the hoity toity Rev Room misconceptions out of your head. Flynn's is something completely different and looks exactly that way. There is an awesome patio out front with a garage type patio bar with two TVs and plenty of umbrellas for shade. Inside is what I would describe as comfortable divey. Meaning you get the dive bar atmosphere without the dive bar smell and sketchiness. Prices are fair for the area. The pours are generous but not overpowering. The service was quick. With two bartenders working when I visited, as soon as my drink was empty it was full again. There are plenty of TVs showing a myriad of sports games which is what I look for in a bar. They have several bar type games, Darts, Big Ass Jenga, and Ms. PacMan (!!)I definitely feel like this will be a great addition to the Broadway Bar strip and can't wait to update my review in the coming months, because I will definitely be back. Bottom line: if you're looking for friendly faces, good drinks, and sports then give Flynn's a shot.
<review# 1209,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2014,7/3/2014,177,94,3,10,7>I had Big Bib for the first time during Meat Week.  I am so disappointed in myself for not having been here sooner.  The food is amazing!  Brisket and Ribs are a must have as are the Sweet or Baked Potato Casseroles.  Oh and the sauces!  WOW!  The sauces are amazing.  They have 3 different options for saucing, not that it is required on their BBQ.  You cannot go wrong with any of them, or by mixing them. The staff is really what makes this place though.  You can tell that they all love to be there.  Stanley, the owner, is one of the nicest people I have ever met and his entire staff follows suit with his happy go lucky attitude.
<review# 1210,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2014,7/2/2014,1200,513,4,13,8>Where else in San Antonio can you:1) Sample craft beers before purchasing2) Fill up your very own large beer growler with your choice of 20+ beers and take it home3) Sit and enjoy a few pints before you decide4) Bring in your own food if you're like me and enjoy eating and drinking at the same timeBig Hops is the only place I know of. For a beer novice like myself, this is a great place to explore your taste and experiment with different brews. I discovered my love for the New Belgium Yuzu that I never would have tried otherwise.I applaud these guys for cultivating an exciting beer culture in our city and promoting local craft breweries - props!
<review# 1211,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2014,7/1/2014,274,398,7,12,12>The first Pig Stand opened in 1921 in Dallas. This is Pig Stand #29 and is the sole survivor of the pig herd. Stepping into May Ann's Pig Stand is like stepping into the past, into a long forgotten but simpler world. The décor shows it's age but the age adds charm. There are pig nick knacks everywhere so you won't have any trouble remembering where you are atThe food is classic home-style American dinner food, pure comfort. The service is very laid back. So come when you have time to relax and enjoy the atmosphere. My favorite go to item on the menu is without doubt the fried chicken. Though since it is made fresh to order it does take 15-20 minutes to prepare. But so well worth it.Step back into the past and say hi to Mary Ann and enjoy some delicious comfort food.
<review# 1212,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2014,6/29/2014,211,97,,10,3>SubZero is the newest gimmicky ice cream shop in town, but that doesn't mean its gimmick is bad. A little more complicated than a regular scoop shop, SubZero finds its niche in its watch-me-make-it method.First, you choose your "base." Full fat, lowfat, yogurt, almond milk - choose your sweet poison. They pour that into a metal bowl, along with a few pumps of your selected flavor (chosen from their huge assortment of flavors) and whatever candy/fruit you want mixed in (your first mix-in is included). They stir that up and pop it under a spout where it's flash frozen with some liquid nitrogen. After about 10-15 seconds of stirring, the ice cream is now ice cream and ready for you to eat!Since this method is a little different than regular ice cream, the consistency is a little different. Similar to Dippin Dots (which is also flash frozen), this ice cream is initially a little "dry," making it slightly crumbly. However, once it melts slightly (in your mouth or in the bowl), it's more the consistency of standard ice cream. It is super creamy, and even the lowfat version I tried was very rich. The individual flavors I tried were good, and I found out you can request to combine a few flavors (caramel and dulce de leche what?!).The only detriment to this technique is that since it's made by the order, you can't sample flavors, which can be difficult when it comes to some of their more unique flavors, like Tiger Blood or Black Walnut. That's when you suck it up and whip out the bravery.The shop itself is clean and brand new and sparkly, with plenty of places to sit inside. Since the shop just opened, the employees are still getting their sea legs, but are friendly and as helpful as they can be.This ice cream shop makes me and my belly happy. There are many flavors to try, and I want to get to eating them all, stat!
<review# 1213,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2013,12/18/2013,104,119,3,8,5>We kept seeing Gallo's listed on several "Best pizza in SA" lists, so we decided to check it out...so glad we did!  The service was first -rate,and friendly, and the pizza ( we ordered the 18" Cucuy - a huge pizza...more than enough for three hungry people - cheese and pepperoni) was really yummy!  The ingredients were fresh and the crust, while not as crispy or thin as I prefer, was delicious and crunchy.  The space is homey and laid back...nothing fancy here, but that doesn't matter.  What matters here is the food....and the prices!  We paid $16 ( including tip) for that huge pizza plus 3 drinks (if you check in on Yelp, you'll get 10% off).We will definitely be back!
<review# 1214,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2013,12/17/2013,228,312,5,6,6>Soup of the day...Guinness cheese soup....magical!Peanut butter bar for dessert...superb!Oh, how I love you, Four Kings Deli. Thank you for making my day and my tummy very happy.
<review# 1215,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2013,12/16/2013,36,119,2,5,6>This place is a great lunch spot.  It's got a festive atmosphere, plenty of fresh and light menu choices, and service that is both quick and friendly.  I especially love the tostada with sashimi-grade tuna on top.  It's about $5 with a generous portion of the tuna and wonderful tangy seasoning.  It's not a very filling item all on its own, but the lightness is one reason I love this place.  You can enjoy the tostada with some agua fresca and maybe even one of the salads and go back to the office without a food coma.   Speaking of salads, the jicama salad is delicious and big enough to share as a side dish, but if you're ordering to go, the avocado gets a bit squashed.  Also, the pieces of jicama are a bit large for my taste.  It'd be much prettier and easier to eat if the jicama were cut a little smaller.  The aguas frescas are very good, and so far seem to be a little bit pulpier than the ones at La Gloria.  I haven't tried one of the numerous smoothies on the menu, but I have had a fruit cup, which looked beautiful packed to go and came with some chile salt.  I absolutely recommend coming here for a quick light lunch.  If your colleagues are arguing over sushi versus tacos, the tuna tostada is the best of both worlds.  It looks like the Fruteria doubles as a bar at night....and I can only imagine what fruity concoctions are on the evening menu!
<review# 1216,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2013,12/15/2013,65,83,3,14,4>I was super thrilled that a new restaurant opened in my neighborhood that does not involve tortillas. I like a good taco as much as the next girl, but variety is missing in my 'hood. We went to Pho Kim Long on a Monday night around 6pm, and the restaurant was half full and busy with takeout orders. Within 10 minutes we had an order of grilled pork spring rolls, pho, and bun. I really enjoyed the pho - the broth was pleasantly rich and a bit spicy. The sliced meat was tender and the fixings were spot on. My dinner companion seemed to enjoy the bun as well - I never even got a bite. I don't consider myself an expert on Vietnamese food, but it seems that they have it pretty much spot on here. I can't wait to go back to try other dishes - bahn mi anyone?
<review# 1217,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2013,12/14/2013,18,125,3,4,4>This is a very good place.  Not sure what took me so long to try it.We came here with the kids one night and everybody left happy.  My wife is already hankering to go back.  I think the real standout here is the flaky, buttery pizza crust (so get a pizza) and the assorted sauces they put on their pasta dishes.  The sauces all taste fresh, flavorful, and complex (in a good way).All in all, a great Italian option in Alamo Heights.
<review# 1218,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2013,12/13/2013,54,115,2,4,3>I've been a fan of Lisa's since Salon David days. She can do no wrong in my book. I had been MIA for several years, but I received an email reminding me that I had not been in "a while"- more like 2-3 years. So I scheduled an appt, not with Lisa, but with Tiffany. And what can I say, it was like going home. I love the crazy, eclectic vibe & the interesting decor. I have a love/hate with the Blue Star complex especially with all the construction, but it is nice to see a local business woman succeed. Tiffany was awesome- there is just something about Lisa and her crew that just know hair- its a gift, I swear. I will return in Oct for an appt with Lisa. The experience is not cheap, but I've wasted enough looking for cheap, bad haircuts- I"m a grown up and need a good - no an excellent- haircut. So glad to have made it back.
<review# 1219,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2013,12/12/2013,57,92,3,8,6>Called in a To-Go order, ordered a large pizza, it was HUGE,  same 8 slices as the small, only plate-sized. The dough/ sauce/ cheese ratio and quality was perfect,  toppings were a little skimped on. Also ordered a calzone which was perfectly cooked and stuffed, the marinara that accompanied it was fresh and chunky,  there was a thicker crust part to it than we expected, but the dough was good enough to not mind at the time. We rounded out the meal with an order of boneless buffalo wings, WHICH WERE BETTER THAN BDUBS. They were breaded perfectly, not too much but still crunchy enough. They had the right amount of sauce, with a bit extra pooled at the bottom for some extra zing. Overall: calzone= good, pizza= great, boneless wings= wonderful
<review# 1220,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2013,12/11/2013,89,86,4,7,8>This is probably my favorite place for a traditional breakfast in all of SA. They got these "hot cakes" that everyone keeps saying sell so fast. *Shrugs*The first time I came here I got the Jambalaya Omelette b/c I'm a sucker for something spicy and b/c it sounded like something fun for my taste buds to do. Although it did not blow me away, I was not disappointed. It was light, different than expected (not as spicy) and just simple goodness. I mention this first because every time since then has only been better.The breakfast gods have answered my prayers with this place. When I think of breakfast, I never know what to get b/c I love nearly everything breakfast related. From the staples like French Toast, Pancakes, Waffles and Omelettes to the slightly less popular dishes such as Crepes, Poached Eggs and Oatmeal, this place has got me covered.I've also tried the Banana's Foster Pancakes which were divine but to be fair, I have an insatiable sweet tooth and the Banana Praline sauce which is generously dumped on your hot cakes is RICH and VERY SWEET. Anyone who knows me can tell you that pancakes rate extremely low on my list of favorite breakfast foods b/c they're usually very plain comparatively. Not these though...they have a much better fluffiness than I'm accustomed to and the aforementioned sauce puts this dish over the top (in a good way) for me.I'm sorry to whomever told me to try the Lemon Poppy Seed Waffle but I forgot who it was otherwise I'd throw you a shout out. It was A-MAZ-ING. You know how sometimes you're mid-breakfast eating something carby and its dripping with syrup galore and you feel like you wanna stop b/c there's just too much sugar coursing through your veins? Well that lemon poppy seed aspect makes all that syrup A-OK. The lemon is very apparent but it somehow compliments this staple without overpowering the plate.Service here is consistently good but wait times can suck for big groups on weekends so get here early!  One Pitfall to Avoid: Avoid the banana bread french toast if they have it on special. It's much too dense, very dry throughout the center and WAY too much for one sitting. Sounds good in theory but fails in execution.Almost Forgot: Get the OJ, its fresh squeezed and also be sure to fully enjoy the maple syrup b/c its the real deal, not that cheap stuff with High Fructose Corn Syrup. I LOVE THIS PLACE!
<review# 1221,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2013,12/10/2013,106,165,10,9,9>Random, oh Random. How I love thee.1. Super freaking friendly people.2. Great beer selection (dogfish head pumpkin? Really? I love u!)3. Kid friendly4. Pet friendly5. Food trucks? Fuck. Yeah!6. Nice chill spot out in the country? Hell yes!What the hell is there not to love. Can't wait til all the additions and plans have been completed. Love,Me
<review# 1222,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2013,12/9/2013,66,149,4,9,5>I don't know that San Antonio would truly have the reputation of being such a kid friendly city if it wasn't for Magik Theaters presence. What a wonderful addition to any childs life to appreciate live theater. Enriching the young kids of the alamo city with classics like Velveteen rabbit & newbies like Aladdin. Not only does this company have five star productions but they also host summer camps & go into the schools. I love that the theater is downtown, has shows playing year round & caters specifically to a child audience. Now on to the actual shows. You think you come here for your kids but after you've seen one show, you find yourself on their webpage anxiously awaiting their new production, wondering if your going to laugh as much as you did at the last. Why? because as one reviewer mentioned they cater to the kids but slide adult humor in & has us howling. Besides being funny, most productions are visually stunning. There might be a childrens play room brought to life where suddenly the bed moves and clouds roll in & toys magically talk and move or whales might start floating in the air. Magik pulls out the big guns to keep the little ones attention. They also put a unique spin to each production, keeping the beauty of the original piece but tweaking it with a little local Magik flair.Something else that has become a tradition now for our family every time we see a new show is to buy the book there. They sell the book of the show they are producing at a very reasonable price but inside the book is a picture of the whole cast, as depicted in that play with their signatures. My daughter has come to love this & so have I, its a very special way to remember the experience.If you can keep a two year old entertained for 45 min and a parent happy at the same time, your doing something right. Come see a show, I guarantee you'll be gunning for season tickets.
<review# 1223,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2014,9/18/2014,838,696,17,26,25>Tres bon, Spa de Paris! Francophiles rejoice! These guys are top of the line! They've got all the coolest, latest equipment to make sure that you get relaxed! They offer a variety of spa services, not just massage. They have a number of masseuses, who offer different styles of massage. The massage rooms are relaxing, and filled with really cool art, and calming music. The staff is friendly, and they have really good specials. The whole place was impeccably clean, which I really appreciate. Also, it's really cool that there's a french cafe across the parking lot, to complete the French charm of the place. Merci, Spa de Paris!
<review# 1224,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2014,9/17/2014,39,21,5,9,8>This spot far exceeded my expectations hospitality wise.  It's rare that you walk into a low key spot and get amazing service from EVERY SINGLE employee.  From the person that took my order and explained/recommended items to the person that brought over my food to the two other people that stopped by to ask if we needed anything - it has been a long time that I got such hands on friendly service.  I never needed for anything. The food was the frosting of this cake.  Brisket was fall apart delish. Jalapeno sausage a refreshing bite and the pulled pork came sauce free and gave me the option to customize with thier 4 BBQ Sauce choices.  Mix, match, together and alone.  The sauces were fun to go between. Potato salad was fresh and tasty. Chili beans a fresh spin on something old.   And to wash it down?  All the grape Kool-aid you can drink.  I will be back to sample more of thier wares!  The brownies looked to die!
<review# 1225,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2014,9/16/2014,24,51,2,7,4>Holy Cow!! My new favorite bar and RESTAURANT!! Their food is amazing!! 2 years ago I never would have recommended this place because it was out dated and super smokey. Now...I will recommend this establishment to anyone and everyone that will listen. The fish tacos made with fresh mahi mahi are absolutely delicious. The oysters on the half shell and seared ahi tuna steak are both fantastic. I happened to ask the Bartendar if they had any desserts. I am sooo glad I did!! As soon as he said fried OREOS I knew I had died and gone to heaven. This place is definitely worth checking out. I give it 2 thumbs up!! Oh and no smoking allowed...they have an outside area for that. Amazing!!
<review# 1226,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2014,9/15/2014,57,92,10,11,7>I wanted to hate this place. The parking situation on a residential street should have helped my case.Spending something like $30 on what I assumed was JUST a bakery had me gearing for a 2-3 star review...Then something magical happened when I got back in my car with two lattes, two cinnamon rolls, a box of six macarons, and what they told me was a "savory bread pudding."Let's begin with the 'bread pudding': IT BETTERED MY LIFE. It was like a gourmet hot pocket stuffing (which may not sound great, but I'm pregnant so I've been making weird food associations.) This mound of crispy on the outside, gooey on the inside "bread" was unbelievable, every bite was herby and cheesy or pepperoni-y, it didn't survive the car ride. The cinnamon rolls were amazingly buttery and flaky, with perfect globs of cinnamon in every bite. The macarons weren't bad, I can be very picky and the weird flavor combinations really tire me out, but the textures were perfect, I will just have to find a flavor that suits me better, I did appreciate the packaging and perfect appearance. I LOVE THIS PLACE!
<review# 1227,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2014,9/14/2014,10,171,3,5,3>Great Thai food! Came here on the recommendation of a friend who claimed this is the best Thai in the city. I must say, he's definitely onto something here. We started with the spring rolls, which were great. I had the sizzling seafood platter; It included shrimp, octopus, mussels, scallops and veggies, served with steamed white rice. For dessert, I had the mango and sweet rice. All of the food was fantastic. The service leaves something to be desired but it wasn't horrible. The price was more than reasonable, tip included, my bill came to $24 for appetizer, entree and dessert.I will definitely return here soon and would recommend it to anyone who likes this type of food.
<review# 1228,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2014,9/13/2014,32,166,4,6,5>My friend and I had a terrific lunch at Tiago's today. I work in the area, and work brought her to the area, so we met for lunch on the patio. I don't typically order enchiladas verdes, but I decided to try them because they were the lunch special of the day. My enchiladas, rice and beans were all top notch--the enchiladas were stuffed with really good chicken, and the tomatillo sauce, cheese and crema on top were pretty and flavorful. Good old fashioned Tex Mex spanish rice (perfect texture!) and a cup of rich and tasty borracho beans (you can choose from 3 types of beans for your side) rounded out my meal. My friend ordered grilled chicken breasts covered in queso, which was not on the menu. Our server was happy to accommodate her request. I love Tiago's chips and hot sauce--the chips are always fresh and crispy, and the hot sauce has a lot of cilantro in it (my favorite!). Our servers were friendly and efficient, and the pleasant patio was a great place to spend the lunch hour with a good friend.
<review# 1229,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2014,9/12/2014,52,8,6,11,10>Honestly I really don't like a lot of Chinese restaurants in San Antonio but if I want Chinese food  I come to Phoenix Chinese. They have a lunch special from 11 to 5pm. The lunch special comes with soup, eggroll, a rangoon and your choice of fried or white rice for under $7.00. If you have any questions just ask the employees they are very friendly. If you are looking for good Chinese food at a reasonable price and in the north central area of San Antonio I would definitely recommend Phoenix Chinese.
<review# 1230,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2014,9/11/2014,169,520,3,6,7>I loved it - well, as much as one can love a wax... Here's why:1) Location - It is surrounded by other errand businesses, so convenient.  This is a good location near downtown without having to pay for a pricey parking spot/garage.2) Ambiance - I love a place where you walk in, a new customer, and they greet you by name.  It's like Cheers but for waxing.  They asked if it was my first time and offered my a shot (I recommend the chocolate vodka - it tasted like a tootsie roll).  The music and the punk/pinup aesthetic is pretty cool, too. 3) Staff & Service - Dana was the bomb.  She was funny, a good conversationalist, and great at waxing.  I think this was the least painful experience I have had.  She was professional and gave me a military discount (based on our chatting, not because I had thought to ask if they had one). 4) Wax - Their wax is black or dark gray/purple, which is different.  It was the peel-off kind, which stuck less to my skin as opposed to regular wax.   I highly recommend this location.  FYI - They moved down the street. Their old locale (same staff) has over 45 reviews and over 4-star rating.  Check it out:yelp.com/biz/the-wax-bar
<review# 1231,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2014,9/10/2014,114,280,6,10,8>Oh, Zinc! I had a love hate relationship with you and almost rated you a one star. But I know deep down you are a solid five for what you are! First time I came here with two companions for a drink at the bar. We sat there for more than 10 mins but nobody bothered to greet us and bring us a menu. And no it wasn't packed at all. So without being acknowledged, we left unhappily and went to another martini bar downtown. We sworn that we'd all rate Zinc a one star. I'm glad I didn't and gave this place a second chance. A friend of mine and I decided to go all out for 4th of July. So we were gonna do a nice dinner then go watch the fireworks. After calling around, we decided to come to Zinc because of its proximity to Hemisphere park. Reservation was easy to make. The lady on the phone seemed nice and accommodating when I called to tell her that we were going to be late for our dinner. We came at 6:30pm and were sited at the main dining room promptly. I didn't know they had this big dining area at the back b/c I had only seen the bar before. Decors were modern and easy on the eyes, nice! I ordered a glass of Moscato as always, then started off with escargot for appetizer and lamb pappardelle for entree. I have to say the escargot was absolutely delicious! The lamb pappardelle was divine! It was slow cooked in red wine with onions, garlic, mushrooms and zucchini, hmmm! My meal was everything I was looking for at that moment if not more. I was deff happy! It seemed like my friend quite enjoyed her meal as well. The best part is? The price! The lamb is only $14! Unbelievable! My total bill was a little over $30 plus tips! Seriously? Usually an entree would cost this much at a quality restaurant. For the stellar food, ambiance and dining experience, Zinc is certainly a steal! After the meal, we went outside and sat at their courtyard. It was such a romanic little outdoor space with water fountain, trees, lush plants, etc. I totally dig it! I'd sit here all night with a glass of moscato or champion if I could. What a pleasant surprise! I heard they are sister restaurant of Boudro's which is another fine establishment on the River. But Zinc deff offers much better prices AND I heard they have happy hours for even better deals! Now I'm so intrigued. MUST. VISIT. SOON!!!
<review# 1232,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2014,9/9/2014,53,201,5,8,6>I ate here after a very long day of filming. Our production team and cast were all drained, brains fried, and in serious need of a recharge. Almost immediately after siting down the Manager informed us that he'd be taking care of us, and suggested we share a bottle of Sake. It came in an awesome chilled bottle and it was top shelf and smooth. We were taken care of, I couldn't be more pleased with the service.The food that was ordered included the Green Dynamite Mussels, which are spicy and delicious. We all ordered different rolls, me being boring and unadventurous this particular evening went the safe rout and ordered a Philadelphia Roll and a Caterpillar Roll. Both were fresh and tasted better than expected. Thanks to my crew I also got to try the Marilyn Monroll! It was AMAZING! Words used to describe the food were: best rolls I've ever had, I want to order more of this, please let me try that, OMG you have to try it. So its safe to say, that we all enjoyed our meals and our company. I can't wait to bring a date here or come back with good friends.
<review# 1233,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2013,9/9/2013,70,122,7,5,4>Pros:out of this world homemade Greek food, great serviceCons: "shady" location, dark restaurant interior could use a facelift, very busy at lunchtime, dining room is a little too small and crampedVegetarians: please try the vegetarian plate (or see more details below)Are you kidding me?! I didn't even want any fries. But then I tasted one. Just one. The fresh, hand-cut fries with just the right herbed seasoning made my mouth water. And then I took a bite of the beef souvlaki in a pita, sans onions. I almost cried. Because I bit my tongue. The food was so darn delicious, the small pieces of skewered and seasoned beef were so tender and juicy, the tzatziki sauce had such a nice garlicky coolness, the warm pita was so buttery that my over-enthusiasm led to my untimely tongue tragedy. But I got over it pretty quickly. I rampaged through the souvlaki, making more of a horrendous mess than a five year old throwing a dinner-time temper tantrum. I sucked my fingers of the french fry seasoning so much that they almost started to prune like when you stay in the bath too long. This food slapped me silly.Mina and Dimi's is dive-ish. It is in a "shady" part of town... disintegrating shopping center with iron-barred storefronts and questionable characters hanging around. If you brave this, the reward you will get is Greek cuisine done right. It may not look like much inside, but I assure you that the staff and the food will win you over. In fact, the inside is a little dark and could use a bit of a facelift. Regardless, you could put me in a dank, dark dungeon with some food from Mina and Dimi's and I would be just peachy.The platters are big. The gyros, wraps, sandwiches.. whatever you want to call them... are perfect portions when served with fries and a fresh Greek salad. Vegetarians would be well served with choosing from the delicious vegetarian plate, vegetarian sandwich, or vegetarian moussaka. I recommend the vegetarian plate, but for something more filling, go for the moussaka.I am surprised to see that this establishment only has four stars. This is one of my San Antonio favorites and the best Greek in town.
<review# 1234,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2013,9/8/2013,47,128,8,5,4>Bird Bakery looks like Pinterest pulled up curbside and vomited a handful of its design boards.Vomited may not be the right word. It's elegant, classy and a bit quirky inside. The staff were excellent, and the cupcakes. Oh, those cupcakes.It comes as little surprise that this local bakery makes its rounds each year in all of the city's 'Best Of' publications. The red velvet classic was made to perfection, while the adventurous Elvis cupcake blended peanut butter and chocolate with a banana chip capstone.It's a brilliant respite from a Starbucks or the crowded Local Coffee across the way. Sometimes you need to sit in a mint colored chair and eat a classic grilled cheese, finished with some of the best baked goods in SATX.
<review# 1235,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2013,9/7/2013,41,91,2,5,4>I really enjoyed just about everything about this place.When we arrived, service was prompt and polite.  The wait staff passed the "keep the water glass full" test with flying colors AND the wait staff was nice enough to pour the water slowly so that the glass was actually mostly water instead of all ice.The food itself was delicious!  Both my dinner companion and I ordered the vegetarian thali (essentially a sampler platter) and loved each and every one of the dishes.  The dinner also came with naan, which was fluffy, warm, and amazing.  For what was really a quite reasonable price (11.95, not bad at all for an Indian place), I was able to stuff myself AND have plenty left over for another meal and a half.  It's good eats for a decent price with good service - give it a try!
<review# 1236,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2013,9/6/2013,152,76,2,4,3>Best burgers, fries, cookies and chicken tenders around!! I've always loved this place. I remember being so excited when my dad brought home Kirby's for dinner on the way home from work when I was younger. When my grandmother would take me out to eat on the weekends, this was usually where I requested we go. I still love coming by when I'm in town and would drive my son through the parking lot when he was younger to see all the beautiful antique cars when they'd have their weekly get togethers. There honestly arent many good places to eat in this small town but this place is definate must-try. A great family friendly locally owned gem!!
<review# 1237,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2013,9/5/2013,6,103,2,5,2>Looooove this place! Food was just fantastic and service was superb. Walking in, you can immediately see the three gyro skewers each loaded with a turning mound of delicious looking meat. I was surprised to see such a diverse group of patrons eating at the restaurant and was happy to see how busy it was for a Sunday afternoon. In spite of the restaurant being packed, our food was served quickly and man oh man was it delicious. We started off sitting inside, but it was really crowded and a little too loud for our four month old baby so we asked the waitress if we could please move outside to the seating area in the front of the restaurant. She kindly helped move our drinks and appetizers outside to the wonderful seating area. Right away, she brought us freshly baked naan with herbed olive oil. We ordered babaganoush as an appetizer; hubby ordered the shawarma plate and I ordered the traditional gyro.  Everything tasted fresh and was very authentic. The waitress was very attentive and quick. We were so happy to find this place and will absolutely be going back, no questions about it. The menu had a broad selection of items, ranging from Greek to Middle Eastern. We ended our meal by ordering black tea and it was brought out in a stainless steel tea kettle with two traditional tea glasses and a bowl of sugar cubes. It was delicious and a comforting taste of home. Can't wait to go back!
<review# 1238,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2013,9/4/2013,68,62,5,6,5>This is my favorite HEB. I go a little bit out of my way and pass 2 other HEBs to shop here. I love the location, across the street from my favorite San Antonio park. I love the selections. The bakery and deli serve up some of the best I've had. The lay out is better in this store then other newer HEBs I've tested out. During the day they always have cooking demos and samples.  The employees are always so friendly and helpful. Parking can be a little iffy. There are multiple entrances and exits out of the shipping center, however, everyone chooses the ONE at the light, which makes coming and going a pain. The meat market is a little bit limited. Dont expect central market selections, although the wine selection is almost as extensive.  And tons of yogurt selections... HEB shoppers must love yogurt!Also, this is a huge kosher market. They have an excellent selection of kosher products. The store closes at 11pm, which caught me off guard one evening. I had to test my speed shopping skills.
<review# 1239,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2013,9/3/2013,48,167,3,6,6>While Jiro is dreaming of sushi, Chef Alex Sarmiento and his wife bust their butts making some of the best sushi that has ever graced our city. The Juma Roll is to die for. Inside you have tempura shrimp, avocado, cream cheese and cucumber. Outside has their special Picante tuna and Crab Salad. It is then topped with chopped shrimp, masago and tempura crumbs and drizzled with Juma Sauce and Anguila Sauce. I have no idea what is in these sauces, but when you put them together, the whole JapaMex mantra here just makes sense. The flavor combinations are a treat for your taste buds. Another awesome roll is their signature Yellowfish Roll. Inside is Picante shrimp, avocado and fresh cilantro. Outside is fresh yellowtail, habanero-infused caviar and their Salsa Roja. Outstanding! Tuna sashimi also was tasty and so fresh. If you're in the mood for sushi, then Yellowfish is the place be.
<review# 1240,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2013,9/2/2013,28,373,5,10,7>As some may know, The Smoke Shack recently won Best BBQ in SA. Considering the large number of fantastic BBQ joints in SA, that's quite an honor. The question you're asking yourself is whether it is indeed the best Q in town. For that answer, you'll have to try it yourself.I arrived just after 11am and the line was just beginning to form. I heard a few people speaking about the line the day prior being 50 people deep. Lesson 1: Get there early. The Smoke Shack has a couple of chalk boards; one gives you the daily special and the other stated that they had ribs ($24 full rack, $12 half).Their menus are located in the buckets at the ordering counter. It's best to grab one and get in line. The prices seemed quite reasonable considering the quality of the Q. The ordering is reminiscent of the Soup Nazi (not that the man taking orders was angry or insulting) in that you place your order, pay the man, and move to the right. Your food is handed to you out of the back (or front rather) of the trailer, near the tow hitch. Pickles and onions are self-serve (ask for a container when ordering) and located on the small ledge where you place your order. Also found here are the paper towels.I ordered the 3 meat plate for $11. I chose moist brisket, sausage, and ribs. My two sides included "spicy" creamed corn, and baked potato salad. The plate did not come with white bread as is the norm but rather a semi-toasted white roll.FYI - They sauce everything so if you do not like sauce, make sure to tell them NOT to sauce your plate. Not sure if they do this when ordering by the pound so ask.Let's start with the sauce... The sauce on the brisket and sausage had a vinegar bite to it that I thought was a bit strong. The sauce should complement and not compete with the meat. Was it a deal breaker? No way. The ribs were ever so slightly sauced - almost imperceptibly so. However, if this is the same sauce they used on everything else, then somehow, through sorcery, alchemy, or whatever, it had an ever so slightly sweet taste that was outstanding when it mixed with the natural fat from the ribs.OK, so the meat. The sausage was moist, with a hint of pepper, and had a firm consistency to it. It wasn't as hot as I would have liked it but as I got there just as they opened, maybe it hadn't had the time to get fully heated. It did have a nice smoke to it and I enjoyed it thoroughly. However, I would like to have had thicker cuts as my pieces were cut really thin.The moist brisket had an excellent smoke to them but I had to scrape the sauce off to really enjoy it. The nice fatty brisket pieces had a strong yet not overpowering smoke that was simply delicious. I wish I had had some bread to make a sandwich and soak up what sauce remained on the brisket.Now for the coup de grace, the ribs. I'm thinking the owner sold his soul to the devil. The ribs were kickin' like the proverbial chicken! The bark was peppery but not at all crunchy. The experts on TV talk about the rib having a "nice pull" when you bite into it but for my money, no pull is where it's at. These ribs were simply divine. You bite into them and you are get the one-two punch of smoke and pepper, followed by a blast of natural rib oil with a hint of sweetness. The meat pulls right off the bone and proceeds to melt in your mouth. I couldn't see any sauce on the ribs like I did on the brisket and sausage. It's almost as if there was a smoky, peppery, sweetened, translucent glaze on the ribs. This is by far the best rib I have had in San Antonio. How they are able to get the ribs to be so incredibly moist and succulent is absolutely remarkable. My rookie mistake was not ordering a half or even a full rack and just devouring them until I succumbed to a pork rib coma. Outstanding ribs!As for the sides, well, the spicy creamed corn was nice. It was obviously spiced with jalapenos. The corn niblets were firm with a nice crunch and an ever so slight heat signature that most people should be able to handle. The baked potato salad had a nice consistency to it but kind of lacked in flavor. I used the salt and pepper pack in the plasticware and it helped. The sides were not as good as they could have been but that's NOT why we go to BBQ restaurants - at least it's not why I go to BBQ restaurants.Overall, I will definitely go back to The Smoke Shack. All the Q'd meats I tried, I liked. The brisket was moist and smoky, the sausage firm and delicious, and the ribs were simply awesome. The sides, in my humble opinion, could be better. I will try their other side offerings next time. Get over to The Smoke Shack, pray to God that ribs are available, buy a rack or two, and trade a few hours of your existence on this earth for the porktastic bliss of these ribs. Your mouth will thank you!
<review# 1241,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2013,9/1/2013,65,158,2,2,3>Yowzah!If you want your Chicago Dog's sport peppers to bring the fire, this is your place!  Really good selection of hot dogs with the option to go healthy with turkey and veggie.   I've tried the veggie dog once- seemed like quite a bit of rice in it with a mushy texture.  If I would be ordering a dog with a caloric blanket of toppings, I'd try it again.  After all, toppings are almost as important as the dog itself.One thing to note, the onion rings here are actually really good.  I am generally very picky about my rings, but these are medium cut, crispy fried, and not greasy. Friendly staff, clean facility, and reasonably priced.
<review# 1242,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2013,8/31/2013,114,306,2,4,2>Great tubing, they boast the longest river float on the Comal.  Lots of fun!  The tubes are a little small, but they have a cup holder which is nice.  I'm not a huge fan of these new tubes with handles and tiny center holes, but they work.  Give me an old fashioned inner tube please!  There's a huge grassy area with picnic tables in the shade to hang out before and after your launch.  There's a bathroom to change in if you didn't come prepped for the water.  Saturday and Sunday are the only days you can't BYOF (Bring Your Own Float).  Remember the new rules, no disposable containers of any kind.  Just fill your camel pack with a mix of your favorite beverage and you'll be fine.  Or a water jug full of some trashcan punch!! But bring some non-disposable cups, Solo cups are illegal!  Crazy rules, but I guess it's all for the environment and the asthetics of the Comal, so I'm not gonna complain, just glad to have a nice clean rinver to float on.
<review# 1243,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2010,10/21/2010,17,56,3,7,6>Tonight, a friend insisted we head over to this place once she had heard that I was a Florio's Virgin. And my happily full belly is quite thankful! I walked through the doors and immediately took in a deep breath of delicious pizza smell. We went around 8:15 on a Tuesday night and didn't have any issues with service or waiting a long time to get our slices.  We sat at the bar and chatted it up with Patricia while we waited. (She also has a fab cake business - Patty Cakes. But I digress...).  When our slices came out, they had a perfect sauce to cheese ratio and a slightly crisp crust held it all together! They didn't skimp on the olives on my friend's slice either...it was covered!  We weren't planning on dessert, but after talking with Patricia about her Red Velvet Cake, we were sold!!!  She told us a couple special tweaks she makes to her recipe, but I won't divulge those secrets here, you'll have to try it for yourself!  The cream cheese frosting is just oozing with sweetness and the slight hint of cheesey flavor. HEAVEN! She also makes cheesecakes that I hear are legendary but you have to catch them when you can - I hear they go fast!  I will definitely be back to try more...I have my eye on the white pizza with ricotta!!
<review# 1244,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2010,10/20/2010,211,97,10,7,7>One of the reasons I enjoy yelping is because I like forcing my opinions upon people. Well, people, prepare to be forced upon.For lunch today, I visited La Tuna Grill for the first time. It's quaint and very Puro San Antonio - rusty metal shingles, bottle-cap "gravel" in the yard, tons of cactus, and an "older than it really is" feeling about the building.I was surprised at the menu options. For the kinda-run-down look of the place, the menu had things I wasn't expecting... lamb-burger? Things with goat cheese on them? Gardenburgers!??!I chose the blackened fish tacos with nopalitos on the side. Yum. Two tacos per order, and they were gigantic tacos. However, I only had to eat one of those tacos, as I traded a taco for half of my lunchmate's lamb sandwich. Poor, sweet, naive Krys had no idea what she was doing when she traded... SUCKER! While the fish tacos were amazing, the roasted lamb sandwich was UUUH-MAZING. It was topped with peach chutney (just saying it makes me want to eat a bucket of it... chutney. CHUTney...) and covered in melted goat cheese. What? Sorry, I can't hear you when I'm drooling so hard.The nopalito salad on the side was a good change from fries or the like, and I cleaned my plate better (and more quickly) than I have in a long time. Momma would be proud.Sit inside at one of the few small tables, or sit outside in the shade at one of the many picnic tables. I don't really care. Both seem to be pleasant. The point is, don't get distracted by all the reviews for the bar at this place (although I'm sure it's a great place to drink beer too). Just be sure to EAT THE FOOD as well. You won't be sorry.
<review# 1245,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2010,10/19/2010,24,81,1,2,1>FINALLY got to try this place!  It was a Friday night and it was a fun night.  I loved the whole vibe of the place - food, cerveza, music (their sign) says it all!  I love how many beer choices there are and  I loved the Texas burger with sweet potato fries.  I was a bit hesitant at first because the fries looked like they were burned to a crisp and had been fried 3 times - but then I took a bite!  They were delicious, soft and moist!  Best sweet potato fries I've had in a long time.  The burger was delish as well and definitely hit the spot (no question why it's the #1 burger in Say-Town)!  The band playing was pretty good and the crowd seemed to enjoy them.  The staff here is also a plus - the bartender was friendly and helpful!  To put it bluntly - this is my new favorite place.  If you're looking for great food and something fun to do on a weekend, go to the Cove!
<review# 1246,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2010,10/18/2010,60,112,2,3,3>Druther's is one of the best deli places in town.  I need to start by saying that their lemon bars are to die for - I am not kidding.  Their other desserts are pretty good too.My favorite sandwiches are the Unforgettable and the Gobbler.  I always get the soup of the day which varies depending on the day of the week, but it is consistently good.  You have the option of getting chips or a pasta salad as your side if you choose, but you would be missing out on the awesome soups.Druther's has recently began expanding their menu, and now they have burgers and other non-deli selections.  Unfortunately, I have not tried their other menu items.Druther's is great to meet with friends or with your significant other.  They even have a frequent customer card for a free sandwich.
<review# 1247,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2010,10/17/2010,51,79,3,5,2>Went with a couple friends on a Friday night to unwind and had a great time.  This place is friendly for everyone regardless of your sexual orientation.  There is plenty of space - three rooms on the main floor, one room upstairs, and a pretty big open space outside.  Dance floors: two main rooms that have a variety of music from top 40's to some techno/80's.  I'm sure you'll find a room with music you'll find fun. There is always plenty of dance space (upstairs, downstairs, on boxes) as well as seating areas for when you've danced your feet off.  My friends and I hanged out with the bartender Jeremey outside in the courtyard area, and that was pretty fun - everyone there had a good sense of humor and were very nice.They also have events upstairs, so it's great that they engage the patrons.Will be going back in the future.  Hope to see you there!
<review# 1248,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2010,10/16/2010,153,232,5,4,3>Bon Appetit crowned them the best breakfast tacos in America.  I think that they should also crown them as having the best homemade corn tortillas in the world.  This is an old steak & egg/Toddle house so the space is tiny.  You will have to wait most likely but I guarantee that you will not be disappointed.  Breakfast is where they set the bar but they make a pretty good lunch as well.  Arrive early to give it a try and order your tacos on corn tortillas you will not be disappointed.
<review# 1249,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2010,10/15/2010,131,57,4,3,4>I'm a baking fanatic, so I'm a pretty hard judge on cupcake niche bakeries.  I will say though that Cupcake Couture does an excellent job of making "cute" cupcakes that are also moist, flavorful and all around well done!Cupcake Couture has a a wide selection of flavors that change pretty often, so you won't get bored.  I've never been disappointed with a dry or stale cupcake.  In fact, more than once when I've visited towards the end of the day they have sent me home with bonus cupcakes so they wouldn't go to waste.  Some of my favorite flavors: coconut, double chocolate, red velvet & german chocolate.So many bakeries and cupcake joints are slinging super sugary buttercream spread over dry nightmares of a cake base.  I know cupcakes are all the rage - but why decide to sell only one thing and then not do that well?
<review# 1250,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2010,10/14/2010,838,696,2,4,3>Viva Tacos! This place is simply amazing. I ordered the Taco Plate. I had to celebrate National Taco Day in style. The plate came with two beef puffy tacos, Spanish rice, and refried beans. The tacos were incredible! It's easy to make puffy tacos that are covered with grease that fall apart in a greasy mess when you pick them up to eat them. These were different. The puffy taco shell was grease-free, and the meat was lean. It was perfect! The chips and salsa were magnificent. The chips were the orange and white variety, and incredible. The salsa is bottled and sold at the grocery store. I think it's a bit watery, and lacks heat. We got queso, which also lacked sufficient heat, but was tasty. The tortillas seemed to be store-bought, and not made onsite. The service was top notch. We arrived without reservations, and was promptly seated outside. Our waiter, Frank received tremendous applause when he swiftly delivered everyone's tacos and margaritas without a hitch. They deserve credit for keeping our glasses topped off, and our bellies full, all while wearing a smile. The decor is really authentic. We ate out on the patio, which had a good view of the scenic parking lot. It was cool, with fans going overhead to keep us from melting. I came for the tacos, and walked away satisfied. The food was tasty, but my dining companions were the spiciest part of the meal. Best Taco Day ever!
<review# 1251,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2010,10/13/2010,117,187,4,6,4>One of those places a lot of people just drive by a hundred time without a second thought.While this place is not the most healthy place to eat, it is one of the most delicious and reasonably priced.  The Thursday (carnitas or fajitas) & Friday (molcajete or hot plate) lunch specials are awesome and very inexpensive for the amount and quality of food you get.  The breakfast tacos are really good as well (machacado & egg = WIN!).+ good food, good prices+ free chips, queso (yep, queso), & salsa- can get crowded around lunchtime (12)- not the healthiest place you could eat, lots of fattening (but delicious) food
<review# 1252,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2010,10/11/2010,150,84,6,18,6>I heard about Brown from, of all places, another coffee shop in town.  I found that odd, but then once I went, I got it.  This is NOT a typical coffee shop.  This is a coffee bean roaster that happens to let you buy some of his brewed nectar.  Don't expect a large sitting area, a condiment station with half and half, whole milk, and skim or even packets of sweetener.  Nope.  This is coffee.  GREAT coffee.  Sure, there are a few options aside from a coffee, but the focus here is clear.  i make sure to buy beans from them fairly often.  They are by far the best beans I've ever used at home.  Aaron is as knowledgeable as they come regarding coffee.  He also has some great viewpoints on running a business in the good ol' US of A.
<review# 1253,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2012,4/22/2013,34,352,2,4,2>For a tiny BBQ joint that's been around since I was just a senior in high school and didn't find out about til reading an article in the Current for bonafide Texas style 'que joints here in S.A., Augie's sure hits the spot!  Brisket, ribs, sausage, coleslaw are what I recommend.  You can add sauce if you like.  I'd just pour a little bit on the side since it's a bit sweet.   The Bill Miller's like fries are a bit too salty and thick for my tastes.  And I'm not a huge fan of their Carolina style pulled pork sandwich w/ coleslaw on top.  It must be a North Carolina thing because I'm not really used to coleslaw in a sandwich.  Augie's also has a tea machine where you can "pick your poison" between their sweet tea, green tea, black tea and Nestle raspberry tea.  Augie's has friendly servers and it's just across the street from the zoo and Brackenridge Park, making you feel like you're smack dab in the middle of nowhere and away from the hustle and bustle of the big city and is just minutes away from downtown, Trinity University, UIW and the St. Mary's strip.
<review# 1254,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2013,4/21/2013,88,178,3,3,2>I have found myself frequenting this delicious little bakery on the weekends for the past few weeks and have just now realized that I've not penned a fitting review for them. Everything that I have tried from Bakery Lorraine has been scrumptious. From the macarons that come in every color and flavor imaginable, to the tarts, to the pastries, and then of course my favorite, the eclairs. There has not been one thing that I have been dissatisfied with and will continue to be a loyal customer and advocate. I love that they put so much thought and effort into each and everything that they make and it truly shows.
<review# 1255,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2013,4/20/2013,8,74,2,3,3>I had never heard of Zedric's until this afternoon when I received an email informing me that this was to be the location for a Yelp 'Elite' event next month. After finding them online and looking at the menu, I decided to check it out. This establishment's thrust seems to be aimed at busy professionals  seeking a gourmet entree to eat at home. They do offer a dine-in option with a microwave to heat up wichever dish strikes your fancy, We tried both the Chipotle Brined & Grilled Pork Tenderloin and the  Crab Stuffed Flounder, both of which were delicious, They also offer a great selection of breakfast items, for which I'll have to come back sooner, rather than later, to sample.
<review# 1256,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2013,4/19/2013,66,149,4,7,9>This place is such a good option if your trying to find a place for your kids or even you to interact with animals. Did I mention it was free?! The only thing you need to bring to gain entrance at the Quad is a valid photo ID. Geese, deer, hens, peacocks & ducks all call this place home and from what I've learned these are all "rescued animals". They are tame & like to eat veggies & fruit, straight from your hand or within close distance. I usually bring what's about to spoil, they love it! The Quad is run by Ft Sam, so this is a locked down facility. Making you feel once your inside, pretty safe. No chance of hobos coming around. You have to look for the open gate along Grayson, lately it's been the very last one. So bring your ID, some food & a camera cause this experience makes for good shots & smiles.
<review# 1257,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2013,4/18/2013,220,318,3,5,5>The atmosphere rocked, service was warm. The margarita was fantastic (as stout as Paloma Blanca's, but softer; not so overwhelming). And the food: just, wow. Go with friends and get a spread and share, because you need to try the crispy chicken with chorizo. It sounds weird, I know. Get it yourself so you don't have plate envy. Make sure the macaroni and cheese and green beans make it to the table, too. I took home some mac leftovers, and it was still tasty a few nights later.I look forward to returning in the spring, to check out the chicken fried steak from the patio.
<review# 1258,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2013,4/17/2013,64,55,2,4,2>If you want to have the best fish in town, this is definitely the place. I can't speak about anything else in the menu because we always get the seafood. The seafood is always fresh and cooked to perfection. I have ordered the salmon, the gulf drum, and the crab crusted tilapia. They were all delicious, but hands down to the crab crusted tilapia!! It is not on the regular menu. It is listed on the Chef's Specialties side of the menu. If you get an appetizer the crabcake is great! The place is a little pricy so be prepared to spend about 30-35 dollars a plate. I noticed the menu had a lot of pizza and pasta but I have never tired any of that so I can't really comment on that. The ambiance is very welcoming and the wait staff very friendly and professional. We are definitely fans of this spot and we will continue to come drop our 100 dollars every so often, because it is definitely worth it!!!!   A++++  :)
<review# 1259,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2012,4/16/2013,101,497,3,5,5>Please, please, please, when you walk into Acenar off Houston St, don't just get a tequila shot from the bar and keep walking like I did so, so many times. Go downstairs, get a table (indoor or out. Both are just lovely!) And eat some amazing food. We finally dined here recently and our mouths were blown away. Literally we had two mouthgasms in public by eating this food. First, we started with some mojitos. The melon and the blood orange, both packed with flavor, mint and freshness. Amazing. For an appetizer we had the ceviche, which was packed with fish and pickled red onions. Amazing. For the entrees we had the chilli relleno stuffed pepper with pork and beef. There was some potatoes in there too, which kinda reminded me of picadillo. I'm not use to seeing a relleno take up a large plate and so heavily battered with crusty goodness, but it was still a very successful dish. The other entree was the duck crepes. holy wow! Oh my goodness. Was there cinnimon in that dish? What the heck was that chef thinking? He needs to become my personal chef and make that errrrrday, all day. It was an amazing dish!Our waiter was also amazing. We pretty much enjoyed every piece of our dining experience. Acenar is a beautiful establishment on the side of another beautiful establishment, The Hotel Valencia. I enjoy the loungey feel upstairs by the bar, the romantic outdoor patio, even the hipster indoor dining area. Every level is sort of different which I feel fits in perfectly downtown on the river walk. I am probably never going to just walk into the bar and have drinks. I'm going to have to sit down, have drinks and eat now!
<review# 1260,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2013,4/15/2013,317,220,8,14,8>I am a regular customer and have been here over 15 times for sushi and korean food. Don't let the name fool you. Owned and operated by koreans this restaurant also serves all varieties of korean food.My favorite item during the lunch special is sushi roll combo 3 which consists of 3 full 8 piece rolls for $9. The portion and price of the dish is fantastic!  Other items I order are kalbi tang, jjampong, kalbi, and terriyaki bento.  The service is beyond excellent.
<review# 1261,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2013,4/14/2013,23,109,4,3,4>Yelp a church? Sure, why not. I recently had guests in town and made my... eighth or so... journey to Mission San Jose. Out of town people always fall in love with the Mariachi mass and the architecture of the mission itself. The bonus is the video in the visitor's center, which is surprisingly good, and which makes my mom cry. Every time.
<review# 1262,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2012,4/13/2013,45,27,2,8,5>San Antonio drinking has been steadily improving in the last two years, thanks in great part to the efforts of Jeret Peña. The Brooklynite is a pinnacle of those efforts. The structure of the place resembles that of our favorite Violet Hour in Chicago, with a host greeting you at the vestibule, and leading you into the bar proper, and the drinking adventure to follow. The cocktail menu is excellently brief, suggesting novel flavors and combinations  without being precious. And the bartenders are way happy to mix off-menu, riffing off the classics, tailoring to your tastes, and suggesting entertaining alternatives. Everything we've had has been spot-on, often reaching into the magnificent.  We haven't been when it's super-busy, so I can't speak to the atmosphere then. We have caught them at more relaxed hours, and we love the unpretentious intimacy of the room. There are a couple of classy nooks with couches and comfy chairs, and several tall tables with bar stools. Support San Antonio culture: drink early, drink often!
<review# 1263,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2012,8/9/2012,0,11,3,5,4>BLUF: Wow! This place is truly as good as it gets!!! Possibly the best meal I've ever eaten. If I could give 6 stars I would. I've lived in SA for about 5 years now and have passed by this place a few times and read some reviews and I've always wanted to try this place out. I love curry and have had a few Indian Curry dishes at Thai places and being a huge foodie I've tried to cook some Tandoori and Korma dishes but I've never had authentic Indian food like I sometimes see on food network or other cooking shows.I walked in and sat down, the decor and atmosphere were nice and cozy. I looked at the menu and everything sounded amazing, however, I really had no Idea what things were so as I was sitting there I turned to Yelp for some pics and it was a huge help. The wait staff and manager were extremely patient and helpful as well.  I finally ordered the Mixed Grill from the appetizer section $14.95 because it seemed to have a good sampling of the menu, and the Garlic Naan. I was nervous because I really wanted it to be good and the last thing I wanted was to say man....I should of tried the..........(any of the other dishes). My plate arrived sizzling like fajitas and it was sooooooo goooood! every thing on the plate was excellent. I think my favorite was the Tandoori Shrimp, but it was all amazing. The Shrimp was cooked to perfection and the Chicken was perfectly spicy and aromatic. it came with two sauces Tamarind (sweet) and a cool Cucumber & I think mint sauce. Both were amazing and once I drizzled the bright green cucumber sauce over the bright red orange (slightly charred from the grill) colored Shrimp & Chicken BOOOYA!  A visual masterpiece just like any of the best Indian Dishes you would see made on Hell's Kitchen, chopped or Iron Chef.....it was pure heaven both visually and tastefully!!!!!!!! You have to try this place it is quite possibly the best meal I've ever had!!!!!! Yummmy!
<review# 1264,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2012,8/8/2012,16,48,3,6,4>During work today I got a craving for some BBQ.  I had being reading some great reviews on this place.  It wasn't too far from the office so I decided to check it out.  Boy am I glad I did.  Upon pulling up to the place, it is a food truck parked at what appears to be an old gas station.  There are a couple of picnic tables out front and not much else.  As I got out of my vehicle, I was immediately greeting with a sweet smokey aroma.  I took a look at their very limited menu.  All the essentials were there, brisket, ribs, sausage, and pulled pork.  I decided on a pulled pork slider plate.  No sooner than I had finished paying they had a plate ready to go for me.  WOW!  I got two pulled pork sliders with a side of spiced corn and cole slaw.  The spiced corn had a nice smokey chili flavor to it and the Parmesan topping added some tang to balance it out.  Very good stuff.  What I found to be really interesting was their cole slaw.  When I took my first bite, I got a little bit of sweet and a little hit of tangy but it didn't taste vinegary (if that's a word). I couldn't immediately put my finger on it.  Then it hit me.  Its feta cheese.  They toss their cole slaw with feta cheese.  That was a first for me.  It's very unique and also very good.  On to the sliders.  What more can I say is that they were incredible.  The buns were nice and soft and the pork was packed on generously.  They were topped with what seemed to be a vinegar based sauce that had a good balance of sweet and tangy an didn't cover up the flavor of the meat.  It enhanced it I thought.  The meat was tender and perfectly seasoned.  This was the best lunch I have had in a while.  I think I will be adding this place to my list of regulars from now on.  If you get a chance to stop here I highly recommend it.  You will be glad you did.btw, this has to be some sort of yelp record for the number of times the word tang was used in a review.
<review# 1265,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2012,8/7/2012,138,159,2,6,3>This is by far my favorite farmers market. Worth the trip everytime. Always something new or exciting happening. Local music playing. Arts and crafts being made right in front of you. The smell of baked goodies, and beef jerky! Whats not to love? There are plenty of fresh fruits and veggies to choose from. Unusual things as well. You can buy fresh duck eggs and get a cactus. Well not so much unusual, we are in south Texas.Alot of the local business have booths set up. So you get a taste of New Braunfels all in one stop. All the vendors I've had my chance of meeting were very humble and friendly. Oh and they start selling sangria at 9 am :0)
<review# 1266,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2012,8/6/2012,68,62,2,8,3>I've been here three times since I first discovered the park.  I love it here! There are two sections, which I believe will be joined together by a bridge over Wurzbach sometime in the future.  I come here with my 13 lb dog, and she loves it! I enjoy the dog park on Military a little bit more than the dog park on Blanco.  This is mostly because the small dog section on Blanco requires a walk through the large dog section.  You can walk around the fenced in park to enter the back way, but its torture to force my pup to watch all the fun as she walks lonely along the outside of the fence :) Walking through the large dog section leaves the pup vulnerable to big dog lunges (I had to carry my pup after one attempted lunging).  So we've decided to stick to the Military drive side.  There is lots of shade in the dog parks, and seating too! Apart from the dog parks, this park has basketball courts, playgrounds and picnic areas.  Along with trails (they seem to be closed this year through late summer for some reason).  There seems to be lots of parking on both sides, I've never had a problem.The park opens at sun up and closes at sun down.
<review# 1267,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2012,8/5/2012,54,86,1,6,3>So i'm driving around in alamo heights and I pull up my monocle to see whats in the area and I find the little aussie bakery.  I've been riding my bike past this place for a year and I've been meaning to stop, so toady was the day.So i'm not gluten intolerant, and I had no idea that it was gluten free when I walked in.  Honestly, if they hadn't told me I probably never would have known.  I asked the guy what was good and he suggested the pizza.  I ordered a piece of cake to eat while I waited for my pizza.  I know cake before pizza?  but it looked so good :)  and it was!!  It was maybe a little bit dry, but nothing a glass of milk couldn't solve.  When my pizza came out it was perfectly puffed and crispy and just all around delicious.  My service was very friendly, if a little slow.  But the real gem of this place was watching the customers.  There was a little boy there who hadn't had gluten in 9 years and he was so excited about his cupcake and his cookie.  The whole place seems to do everything in its power to meet the needs of any dietary restrictions.  There are gluten, dairy, peanut free.  For people with intolerances I can see how this place would be a godsend.  They ship, they have frozen cookie dough that you can pick up and bake at home, they have loaves of bread that you can have sliced so you can have sandwiches at home..I mean you name it, they've got it.
<review# 1268,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2012,8/4/2012,125,290,11,9,7>Oh man, this truck puts me in a difficult spot.  Before Say.She.Ate came along, I professed my undying, unwaivering devotion to Cullum's Attaboy burgers.  Now, I just don't know anymore.  Say.She.Ate settles at the Revolution Room for strEAT food Wednesdays and roams around Rackspace otherwise.  They are mostly known for their Akaushi Sliders and their Duck Fat Fries and were voted Best Food Truck 2012.  Now all those words sure do look pretty but these sliders and fries back it up with a delicious one-two punch!  The Akaushi beef really shines in these burger bites and they are topped with sweet carmalized onions and a dash of Frank's Red Hot.  I'm usually not a fan of Frank's but decided if the Chef put it in there, there must be a reason.  The reason is, the Chef is a freakin genius.  On to the wonder of the Duck Fat Fries..  Now I'm not super educated in foodie-ism, so I didn't really think I'd taste the difference between potatoes fried in Duck Fat and potatoes fried in whatever McD's uses.  OMG.  The flavor was deep and savory!  Add the homemade Serrano Ketchup and these are what fries should always be.Choosing a favorite here is flat-out impossible so for you good people, I will continue to gorge myself on them until a clear winner is determined.  Or until my arteries clog.  Whichever comes first.
<review# 1269,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2012,8/3/2012,44,42,1,4,7>Hogwild records.... Where do I begin? Middle school coming here for Depeche Mode tapes? High school coming here for misfits t-shirts and skinny puppy stickers to plaster all over my car? 1995-1998 coming here to pin wanted signs on the wall trying to start a band? 1998-2004 coming here to drop off flyers letting people know where my band was playing?  2005-2011 coming by to say hi to old friends who still proudly work there and to pick up new CDs? Or the present in 2012 when I constantly still come by with my wife snatching up all the good vinyl records in the dollar bin before we head next door to eat at main street pizza? (a review of main street pizza coming soon). Hog wild is like a brother to me.. We've seen a lot of changes in each other through the years but the love always remains. Back in the hay-day hogwild specialized in punk rock and metal selections (they even had all the hard to find obscure stuff not to mention rad t-shirts and even a big glass container full of cool stickers, patches, and pins to decorate your junk car and leather jacket with). So being the little punk rocker I was I found myself in hogwild at least twice a week buying new tapes, a VHS of a cool live ramones show, and the latest copy of maximum rock n roll zine etc. And its not like your typical record store where you rush in, grab what you need and get the hell out. No.. Hogwild feels like another home, you feel like you're hangin out in your room listening to records with a friend. I always chat with who ever is working that day, bring em lunch if they want, talk about exciting upcoming shows, and almost always bump into other friends of mine who are also shopping there. This is the only true record store in San Antonio (flip side just doesn't compare and they're vinyl selection is bleak). If it weren't for hogwild I'd have to drive to Austin to get my record store fix so thank god they've kept their doors open through the years because gas prices are pathetic. Anyway, before I review your ear off (or eyes out?) I'll let you know that through the years hogwild has evolved in their music selection to not only specialize in punk and metal but now they have an ever growing vinyl selection that caters to everything from indie to oldies to classic rock to classical to southern rock to country to jazz to blues and more. Whether you've been collecting vinyl for years and hunting for a few rarities for your collection, or if you're just starting out and wanna gobble up anything you can get your hands on, hogwild is your place. I've been going there since I was a young teenage brat and now even though I've grown up and have traded in my G.B.H. tapes for old simon and garfunkel records and have since been married, I will soon be taking my daughter to hogwild to start her own record collection. I can't wait for that. Sincerely.. Thank you hogwild. See ya soon old friend. Oh... And on a rainy day, watch that first step... It's a doozie!
<review# 1270,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2012,8/2/2012,17,47,2,2,2>Brunch is tricky in San Antonio.  It also means different things to different people.  If you find yourself looking for some variety, look up this place.Twin Sisters' brunch menu on the weekends has a little something for everyone.  One of the high points for me is the black bean re-fried beans which are awesome.  They add a little salty kick to the egg dishes and it's nice to see a departure from the standard.  The pancakes are always fluffy, the waffles taste glorious, and the bakery items will always remind you why you love breakfast.  There are also specials which, in the past, have included amazing pancakes and waffles.  Oh, and one of the most important factors for me has to be that the coffee is quite good.  And bottomless.  Aaaaahhhhhhh coffee!!!!!And I know that service fluctuates everywhere but in all of my experiences at Twin Sisters, I've never had a slip-up (here's looking at you, Heidi)!(Disclaimer: 20+ visits, all brunch).
<review# 1271,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2012,8/1/2012,72,119,,5,5>For shame--I took a couple weeks to sit and write about this place, so I'm not going to be as descriptive as I would like. I still felt the need to remark that I had a fabulous time and some of the best food San Antonio has to offer. Ambiance is great, upscale feeling, but still pretty casual overall. Parking is pretty decent for Southtown, but as always short walks are a bonus when you are traveling through a neighborhood this nice and friendly.I can remember not being disappointed with ANYTHING that was brought out. We started with this exclusive seafood app of oysters and scallops that a farmer had picks in New England. Clean, fresh, perfect flavors. We then had a salad, but con't remember quite what was in it. I do remember it was also good and not overdressed like most salads I order. My man ordered oyster sliders for his main dish (despite the small serving), and they were darn tasty. I on the other hand, went much heavier with a mixed grill of lamb chops, beef tenderloin, and crispy sweetbreads. All were perfectly prepared, and I must say, it was a perfect intro to the flavor of sweetbreads.We had 2 desserts, one a chocolate mousse that was great, but cold. I don't know why I didn't see that coming, but it muted the chocolate flavor just enough that I didn't love it despite being a great chocolate dessert. The deconstructed pecan pie on the other hand was nothing short of genius. For a Southern girl who has grown tired of the same old "twists" on the classic, the flavors and textures here just knocked my socks off from the first bite. Top all of this off with a great wine menu and waitstaff and you have yourself a perfect date night or special occasion spot!
<review# 1272,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2012,7/31/2012,18,125,2,3,2>Looks like it's dessert week for me and what dessert week would be complete without a review of El Paraiso??!??We seriously love this place.  My 3-year old demands to go here at least twice a week and if she only knew her mother and I wish she demanded 5 times a week we would have a 3-year old with early onset diabetes on our hands!In all seriousness, this is a great bang for your buck in the dessert arena.  As an added bonus, it is a real neighborhood joint and the service is friendly.  All in all, a great experience.My favorite paletas have been the coconut (wow), horchata (pure Mexican goodness here), and pecan (somehow just grinding up pecan and throwing it in a popsicle works).  I have as well tried some of the other more daring options, namely pickle and lucas, and like lucas quite a bit.  Not a fan of the pickle but I appreciate what they are doing.By the way, speaking of cheap, my wife, daughter, and I get in and out for under $2!  Well worth the 15 minute drive if you ask me...
<review# 1273,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2009,10/10/2010,202,256,8,9,12>We have seen a rise in the number of Indian restaurants, especially around the Medical Center, due to either the growing population of Indian residents in that area or to local Hispanics taking to this type of cuisine. Actually I'm sure that it is both and I welcome more and more of them especially out closer to my stomping grounds. Indian food and Mexican food share many similarities. Lots of savory, sweet and spicy combinations, the use of inexpensive ingredients prepared simply with complex layers of flavors, and carefully honed cooking techniques which have passed down through many generations. If you are new to Indian cuisine you should start with a lunch buffet at Simi's and choose a little of everything to get a sampling. Spicy turmeric infused curried vegetables and chicken, buttery creamy tiki masala, perfectly tender tandoori chicken with a crispy skin you will never forget, and my personal favorite creamy tangy saag paneer with fresh naan for dipping. The thing with sampling each dish is not having to question what is in it. Just try everything and decide for yourself what you like. When you leave your mouth will waft redolent of cardamon, fenugreek, coriander, cinnamon, turmeric, garlic and pepper for hours afterwards to remind you of your fabulous lunch.
<review# 1274,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2010,10/9/2010,41,90,2,3,3>The BEST local coffee shop in San Antonio!! (New extended hours M-F 7am-5pm, Thursday night from 5pm-9pm (live music), and Saturday from 8:30am-11:00am.)If you're reading my review, you probably also plan to read several below that are very negative of this coffee shop. Let me set things straight...The Foundry is awesome. It's in an older historic building filled with lots of character. Their are couches and a variety of tables throughout. It is the largest locally owned coffee shop I've ever been in. There is plenty of room for a group of 10-15 to gather here comfortably and still have lots of room left over for the regulars and first timers. As for the prices...this is as cheap as it gets. I love coffee and there aren't many places where you can get a bottomless cup for $1. Yes $1, i didn't make a typo. There are 5 flavors/roasts for your tasting pleasure ranging from pecan to french to light. On Wednesdays they even have .75 cent bagels and muffins. They also have an extensive lunch menu of various types of panini's and other light treats. Oh and did I mention, there bottomless coffee profits go to support mission work around the world? The Foundry also has free wifi and great customer service. The barista's are mostly volunteers from a local church and are very friendly. Don't worry, you aren't going to get preached at, this place is for everyone!Check it out when you have a chance. You won't be sorry!
<review# 1275,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2010,10/8/2010,35,68,2,6,3>This is the epitome of supporting a local business, the family cooks and runs the whole operation. What nice great people they are, just some of the best personal service you don't find anymore. Bonus points for the Obama painting on the wall, he had a single tear running down his cheek. We went for lunch and had the chicken fried steak with mac and cheese and green beans, and a roast beef sandwich. The steak was a bit tough, but had some spice applied to it to add flavor. The gravy was pedestrian but did it's job, the mac and cheese and green beans were cafeteria style, but i like it like that, so B+. The lady said the roast beef was good, but reminded her of Boston subworks, then reminded her that Boston subworks was better and why she wasn't at Boston subworks instead. I also must mention the sweet tea, ADM! it was sweet, i can't drink syrup. We ended with a piece of chocolate cake with a layer of cream cheese, whoever made the tea, made this cake. It was so incredibly rich and delicious, best chocolate cake I've ever had, you could really tell somebody made it with love and joy in their heart. If i lived nearby, i would frequent this place.
<review# 1276,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2010,10/7/2010,22,35,4,4,3>OK, this time I mean it......BEST FROYO PLACE IN TOWN!! They have tons of selection for FroYo and a great deal of extras to pack on. They have the traditional stuff I hate like the taro froyo, the original tart and grapefruit. But they also have something not found in other places, like the infamous cookies and cream, the steadfast peanut butter and of course, chocolate chip cookie FroYo. So there is certainly something for everyone here. The toppings are abundant. If you're into fruits in your FroYo, they have have everything from kiwi, to mango to the pinnacle of them all, the cherry. And if you're anything like I me, they also have peanut butter cups, brownies, M&M's (both kinds), heath bar, and a bunch of other things sure to void any health benefits you think you may be getting from eating low fat, low calorie, low all bad stuff for you FroYo. But it's tasty and the best part is........you can add as much as you like!! This is the lethal part since it's all self service. And at $0.40 an once, it's not the cheapest in town. But hay, who's counting right? When everything is just so good I'll pay. And no one telling me "that's enough peanut butter cups in your FroYo buddy" makes everything just that much tastier on top of an ever flowing stream of yumminess.
<review# 1277,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2010,10/6/2010,270,226,7,8,6>This was a wallet-friendly, what-diet(?), mother's love, old PJs good meal! We had fallen for Mama Lee's Hi Valley location ( yelp.com/biz/mama-lees-s ), and the east-side's Montgomery restaurant definitely did not disappoint. I had the leave-my-heart-at-home fried chicken, and hubby had the pork chop. They were both heavenly. For some reason, we thought it was a good idea to order the gumbo as a starter, but it was nearly a meal in itself. The hearty gumbo was packed with loving flavor and heat. Maybe it was too much heat for me, but hubby's cheek moisture was reasonably good indication that he enjoyed it. He even finished my gumbo for me when I hung my head in shame from heat defeat. Mama Lee's probably offers a great dessert, but I may never know since we are always way too full from the entree alone.
<review# 1278,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2009,10/5/2010,35,235,1,4,4>Something other than Taco Cabana open 24 hours?  Cool.  I came here with some buds after a long day of tubing.  We were hungry, lakey (gross), and looking to keep our buzz going.  After vetoing fast food, we decided to stop at Mama Margie's. We arrived in the early evening and there weren't too many people around, so we got our choice of table outside in the covered patio area.  This was before we saw the chips and salsa bar inside.  No worries, though because our food was done really quickly.The food is cheap (yay!), the beer is really cheap (double yay!), and everything is good.  They are not reinventing the wheel here at Mama Margie's.  The food isn't anything you can't find a million places here in town, but decent quality, price and location can't be beat.
<review# 1279,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2009,10/4/2010,176,153,2,6,4>La Fogata is definately one of my top 5 Mexican restaurants in San Antonio. I have been going here since it opened about 30 years ago and it's as good as ever. They have probably the best patio dining in the city, great atmosphere (even inside), an extensive menu of authentic interior Mexican and Tex-Mex, and great margaritas. The service is usually efficient and friendly and they have some pretty good Mariachis wandering around. It's a great place to bring out of town guests to show them a little San Antonio flavor.The hot sauce is absolutely incredible! The peppers and tomatoes are roasted and they use a touch of apple cider vinegar. Its so good you can even buy it bottled at HEB (Calvillo's Own brand - Jesse Calvillo was the original owner of La Fogata).  The location is a little out of the way, and it can get really packed on the weekends (so get there early - they don't take reservations) but that is honestly my only real criticism.
<review# 1280,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2010,10/3/2010,169,227,6,16,6>I had the pleasure of eating at Moroccan Bites last night, and I will absolutely be back for more.  I was informed last night that they're knocking the wall out next door and expanding in a few weeks -- good sign that their business is booming.  You may want to call before you go to make sure you're not in the construction week.At first, I was extremely put off by the amount of meat on the menu.  I'm a vegetarian, and had almost resigned to ordering a few of the sides to make my meal (the lentils and beans are cooked in an onion broth and were, in retrospect, gently simmered in pure win.)I asked our server about what they could do vegetarian, and she said that they would happily do a vegetarian tagine.  The last time I had a vegetarian tagine, I attempted to make it myself, and the tofu fell apart and was really just a bad experience. Their tagine was delicious... full of carrots, olives, potatoes, and spices.  Their bread is incredible, their soup was fantastic, and their lentils were game-changing.  I proceeded to stuff myself with exotic spices and flavors.My friends mentioned that the homemade sausages were the best they had ever had.  When we asked, the server emphasized that *everything* is made in house.  THEY MAKE THEIR OWN BAKING SODA for their bread for Halal reasons.  Absolutely everything in this place is made from scratch, so vegetarians can be sure they're actually eating well as the servers and kitchen staff know exactly what's going in their dishes.We had dessert -- and the flan was flan-flipping-tastic.  I kid you not when I say that next time I have a party, I'd order a few of those things whole.  I also had a bite of coconut cake which was good, but not life changing.This place is a great experience and it makes me so happy that a family run business with great "exotic" food and great prices can do well in a town dominated by things like Bill Miller's BBQ and breakfast tacos.
<review# 1281,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2010,10/2/2010,66,221,2,7,4>absolutely amazing. i talked to one of the artists, chelsea, a couple of months ago about getting a sparrow tattooed on my back. she sketched out this beautiful tattoo for me. the minute she showed me i was sold. went in a couple of weeks ago to get it done. i sat for about 4 hours and the i can honestly say i couldnt be happier with the result. the color is so vivid and the lines are perfect. she was really gentle and very sweet with me the whole time i was getting tattooed. i cant wait to go back. this is definitely my tattoo shop, and chelsea is definitely my tattoo artist. HIGHLY recommended.
<review# 1282,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2009,10/1/2010,82,222,4,5,5>Maybe I'm a little paranoid, but I have started to seriously fear the fast service, to-go Mexican food places here in San Antonio. From having to wait 20 minutes in a drive through stuffing down a burrito that consisted of one ingredient (chewy boiled chicken, if you must know), I haven't had the best of experiences.But Habanero's surprised me. Tucked right beside Tiago's in the Palladium parking lot, you might miss it, but that would certainly be unfortunate.I ordered a mean lookin' plate of nachos, which ran me a whole $5. They were even a dollar off because it was nacho day - score! The plate was piled high with tasty topping like tomatoes, sour cream, guacamole, meat and refried beans. I could even have opted for a steak or chicken plate, but I like my nachos old school.The decor is fun and the service is friendly and quick. I don't think I could have a better burrito experience, especially for under $5. No way about it - they beat boiled chicken any day.
<review# 1283,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2010,7/31/2010,169,227,5,6,5>My biggest fear of moving to Cow Country was my diet.  About a year ago, I decided to become vegetarian as a protest to factory farming in the US.  It's been extremely easy in Seattle -- vegetarian restaurants are everywhere (partially thanks to the heavy Asian and Indian population), grocery stores carry an abundance of vegetarian products, and most restaurants that aren't vegetarian have veg friendly cuisine and helpful staff.When I go to any city, for work or pleasure, the first thing I do is check Yelp.  I log in, punch in vegetarian in the 78207... What's this?  A Vegetarian restaurant right around the corner from where I live?  OMGIWILLBERIGHTTHERE!I took a seat outside as it was a beautiful night, and around the corner pops Cody, my server.  We chitchat about recently arriving from Seattle, how glad I am that they're there, and had him give me his recommendations.  Although they sounded mighty tasty, the buffalo chicken (texturized vegetable protein) sandwich sounded amazing.  I ordered the quinoa (pronounced KEEN-wah) tabbouleh as my side, and Cody told me all about the wonders that is quinoa...I'm now going to be incorporating more of it into my diet thanks to him!Lickety split, my food walked around the corner... well, carried by Cody.  It looked incredible.  The sandwich was healthy sized on what looked to be a locally made bun and the serving of tabbouleh was healthy and looked delicious.  My first bite of tabbouleh and I was in love.  The texture! The flavors! The incredible healthicity of it!  I was made a lifelong customer in one bite.  ...then I had a bite of the Buffalo TVP Chicken Sandwich...Flavors I haven't had since I gave up meat came flooding back from deeply repressed memories! The bread was like nothing I had ever had.  The TVP was perfectly crispy, wonderfully textured, and tasted just like buffalo chicken.  I think I detected a hint of blue cheese and I saw a few spinach leaves on the sandwich as well.  It was outstanding.  I sat there and rolled my eyes and made orgasmic noises as I savored each and every bite.I find out that the bread is baked there at the restaurant.  I would buy it if they sold it (they don't) so I'll just keep coming back as a happy customer of Green Vegetarian Cuisine.The only thing remotely negative in my entire experience here was the parking.  There are about four spaces in their lot... the rest is street parking. I had no problems finding street parking... it was just, um, an interesting street.  By no means did it detract from my awesome experience.
<review# 1284,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2009,7/30/2010,54,286,5,6,6>Need a gorgeous '40s style hat (which are coming back in style)? Gloves? Brooches? Nelda's always has a gorgeous array of antique-looking jewelry and other accessories. I'm talking big, bold costume jewelry like they used to wear back in the day. It's more expensive than most vintage stores, but likely still cheaper than buying new ... and where else are you going to find stuff like this? Clothes are hit or miss. Conveniently located near San Antonio College.
<review# 1285,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2009,7/29/2010,66,221,4,4,5>Wise Guys has definitely changed over the years but in a good way. When I first started going to Wise Guys it was always after soccer practice and the place was still a bit of a hole in the wall. People would go to one of the bars on either side of Wise Guys but few would go into Wise Guys. Now it's hard to maneuver around the bar because it's so packed. They've brought in more live music and events like poker nights and the drinks are relatively cheap. The part I like is having a slice of pizza with my beer. The pizza slices are cheap and big but are only available until midnight when the kitchen closes. The bar gets a lot of business during the weekend but it's fun and in walking distance of a ton of other stuff.
<review# 1286,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2010,7/28/2010,82,222,3,9,4>"Try this!" I couldn't help but yelling as I burst through my front door and practically flung my smoothie at my husband. Best. Smoothie. Ever!Since moving to San Antonio, I have been sorely disappointed in the smoothie selections here, but Bubble Tea Express had my taste buds doing a happy dance. I've tried three of their smoothies, each one as delicious and seriously fruit-filled as the last. I've gotten a citrus something, a berry lime something and a tropical thundah. What I love about these smoothies is that there isn't an ounce of that syrupy, artifical flavor. Oh, no, these smoothies are 100% real, buy-it-at-the-super market, fruit! I can't speak for their bubble tea, which I generally am not a fan of anyway, but with so many delicious smoothie options, who needs bubble tea? Service is always excellent and friendly, but you will have to wait a few minutes. Don't worry. It's worth it!
<review# 1287,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2009,7/27/2010,1439,1280,7,12,10>My first visit to Papa Jim's I only expected to mostly see... well, fish and fish stuff.  I can't say that I visit the southside too often but I was still interested in seeing what they had to offer.  I found the business card at Bubblehead's and headed over to Papa Jim's.Driving there I noticed that the entrance to the parking area was a tiny bit tricky (mostly if there's a lot of traffic and since this is a bit of a major intersection, it can easily get congested).  The entrance to their fenced in parking area can block cars from behind you into the intersection if they're not expecting it.The door to the shop faces the main street (Flores) and when I walked in, I was pleasantly surprised to see how clean and neat everything was.  There were fish (surprise, surprise), geckos, tarantulas, other kinds of reptiles and bunnies!  There were three black and white ones and each one was cuter than the next.  =)While I browsed around, I was asked on a couple of different occasions if I needed help and to just let them know if I needed anything.  In the back, there was another room with huge tubs of mollies, koi and turtles.I didn't purchase anything on my first visit but I couldn't resist the bunnies.  So yes, I came back.  When I did there was only one left - a Dutch - and the tiniest of the bunch.  A male kit who's 8 weeks old and is now named "Momiji" (or Momo).  The staff was especially accomodating when I purchased him and two Chinese Algae Eaters.  We talked about my other bunny (my mini lop, Mochi) and getting them to mesh and so on and so forth.I definitely recommend this place.  The prices are really good and the animals seem to be well taken care of.
<review# 1288,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2010,7/26/2010,397,255,4,8,7>I had been wanting to try Thai food for some time now, so I went to Thai Cafe. I thought it would be good to go to a buffet for the first time so I could try a little bit of everything. When I first entered the place I thought it was small, and nothing fancy. No problem cause I'm not into fancy anyway. The food on the buffet, looked good, and fresh. I had never seen some of dishes that were on the buffet, except for the spring rolls, and sesame chicken. I tasted a little bit of everything; I had no idea what were the names of the dishes. All I knew was that I really liked the beef dishes, the pork pieces, the Sesame Chicken and the Pad Thai. I didn't care too much for the other chicken dishes, and I didn't get to try any of the soups. The buffet was $7.99 for lunch; not too expensive considering the quality of the food. I know this place is good, because it got crowed real fast on a Monday at that. Overall my first Thai food experience was pretty good. I give 4 stars to Thai Cafe, because I still want to try out other Thai restaurants.
<review# 1289,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2010,7/25/2010,107,118,9,8,4>I have been wanting, pining to try Chama Gaucha for what feels like for-ev-er. Welp, I finally made it out and it was definitely worth the trip!I was just as excited for the salad bar as I was the meat, because I had heard so many great things about it and because I'm not a huge meat eater. It was not quite as over the top fantastic as I had heard, but it was still solid. I appreciated the inclusion of some really good cheeses, although there were only two varieties to choose from. The roasted peppers and fruit salads were my favorite options from the salad bar.The meat was out of this world. I just could not keep up! Every time I flipped my card to red, a new concotion would go by, and I just had to try it. In fact, I think I had tried everything they had to offer by the end of the meal. I say think because I'm not really sure what I was eating. And I think that is what keeps me from giving it 5 stars. There were times when I wasn't sure if I was eating the top or bottom sirloin, NY strip or what have you. I'm not a steak connoisseur, to be sure, so some identification would have been helpful. I do remember their house specialty, Picanha (sirloin) was phenomenal. By the end of the meal a lot of the rest of the cuts were blending together.The service was fantastic from everyone but our server. I guess they aren't meant to do much other than greet you and take your money, but he never fulfilled a couple of our requests during the meal. Also, we made reservations for 7:30 and we had to wait 30 minutes to sit down. Not sure what the point of taking reservations is if you aren't going to honor them.All in all a great dining experience. We had a great night, as evidenced by my fiance's claim: "I've never been so excited to have strange men wave their meat in my face." I think that pretty much sums it up.
<review# 1290,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2010,7/24/2010,204,426,5,7,6>I have shopped at The Shops a handful of times over the past few days with the specific task of finding work pieces for the coming Summer.I received superb service in nearly every single store I stopped into.The notables being Zara, Express, The Limited and Charlotte Russe.Shannon at The Limited was delightful, helpful and a great representation of her store.A few guys at Express were particularly great.  Noting fabrics and helping me choose sizes.A young guy at Charlotte Russe was awesome, checking on numerous pairs of shoes for me.  I don't wear leather so the selections of shoes here were perfect, even though my size seemed to have run off out of stock.I also stopped into Abercrombie to exchange a broken cologne for my husband.  Even these hotties were receptive and professional.The Shops are clean, plenty of security is notable in the parking lot and as mentioned every single employee I interacted with had an impressive attitude.  Maybe it's the setting or the warm Texas weather.  Maybe it's the level of sexiness that oozes from tanned bodies, oversized sunglasses and bare shoulders - but all staff were in good spirits.While not new, The Shops are a welcomed addition to the SA shopping scene.Of course, some smaller boutiques would we awesome, but I am sure the rent keeps the chains around.
<review# 1291,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/4/2010,7/23/2010,228,312,2,8,4>Good stuff! Small, quaint place with super friendly service. They really go the extra mile...They start you off with a tomato-y, onion, olive mixture that you spear with toothpicks. Nice flavor/teaser. We shared the Moroccan Chicken Bites and Moroccan Bread for starters. The chicken bites were good...very toasted sesame tasting. The bread was delicious! I really enjoyed the Kafta Kebob...which is ground lamb seasoned deliciously on top of saffron rice with a side of beets & carrots. Yum!Had a taste of the Lamb Shank...out of this world tasty! My friend had a sandwich with the Moroccan sausage...bursting with flavor and spices. Again, delicious hoagie bun...they really know how to toast their bread to perfection. I had the chicken with sweet peas and potato. Solid.For dessert, we had some baklava and another phyllo driven Moroccan pastry. Both were excellent! I'll be back! They are expanding and the family/staff as really kind and concerned about your overall experience. Gotta love that!
<review# 1292,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2009,7/22/2010,34,64,2,12,7>I'm jealous of the Pakistani/Indian community in San Antonio. They have at least two awesome restaurants catering to their tastes now. That's more than I can say for the Chinese, but I digress.Situated in a rather undeveloped area along NE Loop 410 (Exit starcrest, and take a left. Its in the shopping center on the left), Kohinoor is an unassuming restaurant filled with plastic folding chairs and tables. The food is served on styrafoam plates and the cutlery is of the disposable plastic kind. Is that a bad thing? Definitely not. What they don't provide in ambiance, they more than make up for in friendliness and quality of food. I went in a group of six, and we spent a total of $63 (not including tip). Most likely, we could have spent less, but we had a hard time not ordering everything. Personally, I love spicy food, and some of the food that they provide has plenty of heat. One of my friends, who's mother is of British descent, was a little in over his head. His face was red and he was sweating/devouring the ice water. So, if you want to try the spicy dishes but really don't like the whole 'mouth-on-fire' sensation, order a lassi (a type of yougurt drink) and it'll help keep your mouth to a more bearable temp. Anyways, the service was awesome and the owners are more than glad to answer any questions you may have. All in all, its a really comfortable experience. Casual, not terribly rushed or quick, but very homey. I'll definitely be back in the future.EDIT: Oh hello spelling error... Fixed!
<review# 1293,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2010,12/22/2010,202,256,3,4,4>"and on the 7th day God had goat cheese smothered in caramel.." Well I guess I get to write the first review for the relocated San Antonio institution that is the Liberty Bar. Sometimes a building will smell you it's old no matter how many aromas of freshly laid wood and newly dried paint might try to convince you of otherwise. It's like walking into your Grandma's house with the hopes of a finely cooked meal. For restaurants it is a bold venture usually undertaken by a chosen few who believe soundly in their product. It worked for Biga on Locust St. and Silo on Austin Hwy and is the hallmark of many smaller establishments here in Southtown who carve out their niche in a city overwhelmed with chain restaurants. From a dilapidated leaning tower of piloncillo to a coral hued converted convent is quite the step forward, upward, onward or whatever ward we want to use but the class and originality has traveled well with them. Just open for about six days now it is obvious that the new Liberty Bar is still a work in progress with the post it note bathroom signs (Man and Woman by the way), construction site parking lot dumpsters, chalkboard sign at the entryway and stuffy confined bar area that could use some mirrors to create the illusion of space. However, Liberty does bring it's fresh daily offerings menu and highly creative dining selections to the fray and that will hopefully be the catalyst for their success. This night we sampled a huge frosty glass pitcher of Bass with some garlicky hummus and their signature goat cheese appetizer. The hummus was tangy and full of flavor with grilled pita bread for dipping and the perfect way to convert anyone who doesn't think they like chick peas. The goat cheese was rich and decadent when smothered with their carefully crafted slowly cooked pilincillo caramel which offered a bit of a kick to undercut the sweet richness. Toasted artisan breads came for sopping up this wonderfully prepared house specialty. A grilled portabello salad was a tragic misstep so doesn't deserve much recognition here other than to forewarn others to skip it. All in all a very quaint and enjoyable evening spent at the new Liberty Bar with friends and colleagues. I would have liked to have seen the exciting art deco color splash of the exterior carried to the interior a little bit. The upstairs bar was very pale and antiseptic and could have used some of the creative splashes that Southtown is famous for. Perhaps in keeping with the convent theme we could have used some stained glass for the multiple bar windows or a local rendition of the Sistine Chapel on the ceiling. Who knows maybe those are up and coming.
<review# 1294,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2010,12/21/2010,1439,1280,9,11,12>I had a craving for a real Philly Cheesesteak and someone told me about Youz Guys.  Headed out there with some friends and bada-bing bada boom, I had my Philly Cheesesteak - 'whiz wit' (meaning a philly w/cheese whiz and with onions).  Now, first rule of thumb when you go here - have your money ready to go.  They have signs up all over the place that say this and explain a bit of their 'tude - only cause it's the Philly way and not cause they're being jerks or anything like that... so please don't hold it against them if you're a little slow on the uptake and they 'speed up the process' for you... I got caught in the middle of mixing up my order and one of the ladies said, "Too late!  You got it now!"  Lol!And don't forget - the Philly cheesesteaks can get a bit messy so for Pete's sake, make sure to utilize the PHILLY LEAN.... :P
<review# 1295,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2010,12/20/2010,204,426,6,13,11>Sol Y Luna is a no frills bakery that skips the cute atmosphere and instead puts all of their effort and umph into baking amazing treats and breads.I had driven by many times but first tried a few samples at the Pearl FM last year. I stopped in at Sol Y Luna a few weeks ago and picked up a Cibatta Loaf.  I tell you - it was amazing, really one of the best ever.So much so that the next weekend I went out of my way to pick up another.Last week, I did not get around to picking up the loaf before closing time and instead bought one at a local grocery store.  It did not compare, I would have rather had no Cibatta than the grocery Cibatta!Not only is the bread fresh, but samples are always out and the service and demeanor of the staff is impressive!With the loaf from Sol I like to slice the Cibatta in half lengthwise, like sub sandwich.I put olive oil, garlic, sliced tomatoes and an array spices on the soft half and then bake it in the oven for 25 minutes, adding chopped spinach for the last five.   Cut and serve.
<review# 1296,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2010,12/19/2010,397,255,5,8,8>Located in North Star Mall Guayaberas Etc. is a pretty cool store if you're looking for some chilling old school Latin clothes. I found a really cool Panama hat; that I could pimp all Summer long. Being that the store is called Guayaberas Etc. they have a huge selection of Guayaberas shirts in all styles and fabrics; from the simple to the really nice embroidered ones. Guayaberas Etc. also carries line of women's clothes; so you and your babe can match. The customer service was very helpful in teaching me Guayaberas 101; the deference in the shirts and the occasion to wear them. In addition to what they carry in house Guayaberas Etc. also has an on-line store and a flagship store in Mama Florida to get you what you want. I give Guayaberas Etc. 5 stars for the service, selection, price and for selling me a really cool pimping hat.
<review# 1297,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2010,12/18/2010,28,69,2,2,2>So I got the urge to hit the trails recently on my bicycle that I didn't own yet...this needed a quick remedy, so off to Bike World.I wish they were a Specialized dealer, but not a deal breaker...I like TREK too & this place had everything you could possibly imagine.I had a great experience here, got schooled up by some kid on all kinds of suspension wiz-bang crap that I didn't know about, test rode a couple bikes in the parking lot and left with a new TREK mountain bike.I'd give it 5 stars, but they aren't a Specialized dealer, so 4 it is.The staff is cool and real friendly...I never felt like they were pushing crap on me to buy & they were upfront and honest about a rack I was looking at for my car...even told me where I could go to buy a different one they recommended.  I liked that!Two thumbs up from me!
<review# 1298,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2010,12/17/2010,85,159,2,4,2>After countless of visits, Silo has never let me down. The entrees were flawlessly executed. We ordered a rather satisfying 32 day aged 14oz medium-rare ribeye with a "loaded" baked potato gratin and asparagus, crimini mushrooms, and bordelaise sauce. We also ordered the five spice duck (braised duck leg and grilled breast) over couscous and topped with lingonberry-cider sauce. Both were beautifully presented and bursting with flavor and textures. The icebox cheesecake and the dark chocolate mousse were simple yet so indulgent. Travis, our server of many times, has yet to recommend a wine which we do not like. His knowledge of wines and down-to-earth personality makes him a great server; a personal favorite. The atmosphere at Silo is always intimate and sexy. The pricey meal is worth every penny and more. As expected, I will be back again and again.
<review# 1299,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2010,12/16/2010,14,40,4,1,2>After living in San Antonio for two years I had given up hope that good Chinese food actually existed in San Antonio. I tried countless hole in the wall places like the overly touted Golden Wok (yuck!) and other roadside joints that can only promise no MSG and white meat chicken. In a final desperate attempt to find some Chinese food worth eating in the city, I trekked over to tiny Hsiu Yu. Ahhh! (Cue: Shining lights and angels singing!)The egg rolls are the best I've ever had, the egg drop soup, although different with mushrooms, is good, the Sesame Chicken, General Tso's chicken, Sweet and Sour Chicken and even the shrimp are all great. This is a really tiny place but somehow that manage to pack the crowd in and still serve the food in a timely manner. The staff is always friendly and accommodating--even to my very picky four-year old who wants plain egg drop soup, plain rice, and "crunchies." I love the added touch of the fresh flowers on the tables and even in the restroom.Thank God for Hsiu Yu. Otherwise, I might have to move.
<review# 1300,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2010,12/15/2010,181,124,8,10,6>Let me tell you a little story of how I ended up having huevos rancheros pork chops at this place....My school had a health fair in the "barrio" or "the hood" as others may call it. I was checking people's blood sugar levels and everyone's sugar levels were through the mutha--- roof and I asked everyone what they ate and they all said pork chops! Now I was like...hmm you don't hear that everyday! So I had one of the chola aunties take me outside and show me where the mysterious pork chops were coming from....and it was Linda's! It's notch above your average hole in the wall joint in the sense it had plenty of sitting area and the people are extremely good about customer service. I got a history lesson while my food was being cooked. Mad points for that one! The pork chops were a little thin but lived upto the reputation! The eggs with the rancheros sauce was the bizzzommbb!! They make their tortillas in house and were excellent. The fried potatoes and beans hit the spot. I threw all that shit in the tortilla and went to work! The hot sauce sitting at the table doesnt look intimidating but that mofo is spicccyyyy! I tried my friend's beef chalupa....and proceeded to order one for myself! I want to live in a world where there are crispy chalupas like that to my left and to my right!This is THE place for cheap and authentic mexican food in San Antonio.
<review# 1301,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2010,12/14/2010,62,15,6,5,4>This place is so cute I just want to fold it up and put it in my pocket, take it home and have it magically transform into my living area.  I tried this place for lunch and placed an order to go.  It was super packed and a little cramped but hey, it was lunchtime and a lot of people go to lunch at 12.  Aesthetics aside, their menu looked full of tasty salads, soups and sandwiches.  I ended up ordering  1/2 an egg salad sandwich and a cup of the roasted poblano soup combo (about $7.50) as a recommendation from the equally cute as a button cashier.  And I am so glad that I did.  I was feeling a little regretful after ordering something (probably) not all that healthy but all my calorie counting, muffin-top worries went right out the window after I put that spoonful of piping hot soup into my mouth.  Delicioso!  Flavorful, creamy and just plain awesome, you have to try it.  The egg salad was, meh.  I liked the onions but it could've been tastier, the wheat bread was good.  And I'm with some others here about the lettuce...iceberg lettuce is SO subway!  I definitely will be bringing the boyfriend back here to try some other things on the menu like the tortilla soup (and to tell him I'd like him to finance me a kitchen just as cute but let's keep that between us.)
<review# 1302,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2010,12/13/2010,27,18,2,5,3>Grits, not just for breakfast anymore. I ventured in on a Monday evening. The first thing I see is the owner John Besh shucking oysters. He looks up and shouts out a greeting with a charismatic smile.  The hostess offers me a seat and asks my full name. I choose to sit at the bar where happy hour offerings are 50 cent oysters and meat pies.The bartender promptly delivers an ice cold Ranger Creek Oatmeal Pale Ale. I choose half dozen oysters and their Shrimp and Grits entrée for dinner. Every bite was a scrumptious delight. So much flavor from creamy grits, andouille sausage and smoky shrimp. Bread is delivered prior to the meal and has the perfect combination of crisp crust with soft insides.  I used it to get every drop of the sauce accompanying the grits. With dinner  the bartender served me a French 75, one of their signature cocktails, a special unsolicited treat.  It is a delicious blend of cognac, lemon juice and champagne.There were two men to my left (not in the same party) who shared their meal. One had the sausage plate and the other the evening special of red beans and rice with a breaded pork chop.  Reminds me of the friendliness I associate with the Crescent City.  The man to my left started with a crab bisque that looked perfect for a cold evening. He then ordered the suckling pig sandwich and had to pack up half to go.  Everything I saw come out looked and smelled delicious.I saw the owner , John Besh delivering French fries, autographing books and just making sure everyone was content.  When he came up to me and rubbed my shoulder and asked if there was anything else he could do for me I was star struck.  ~sigh~The kitchen is upstairs so the waiters carry the food down a graceful curving staircase. There is an elevator for use for the customers.  During the week the upstairs is closed for seating.  Daily happy hours and specials. Their beer selection is amazing. I will be back as soon as I can and bringing friends this time.
<review# 1303,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2011,10/18/2011,232,93,5,5,5>There is always a time and a place for everything. - The Friendly Spot provides the time to look super cute showing up on your '79 cruiser bike wearing jorts and toms with your hair slightly tussled. Then you can sit down, enjoy some nachos, a tall boy of lone star as you enjoy some shade and listen to  some youngsters named wingsun and banjo play on the swing set. Stop in for the movies they play during the summer a la drive in movie theater style or come for a live band. A pretty damn impressive selection of beers from local faves, to IPA, twisted tea to home made sangria! The Staff lives up to the name of the establishment and are all Friendly. April the Bartender who works in the back always has a smile on her face and if she is there I always go to her.
<review# 1304,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2011,10/17/2011,231,60,3,10,2>Finally, the new Pasha has arrived.I'm already a fan of Pasha (from their Wurzbach and IH10 location), so if you're not ready to hear me gush over how flipping good this place is, it's time to move on.Where to start?Although this site just opened, things seemed to be running quite smoothly when I arrived for lunch.  Servers were super friendly and happy to keep up on everything - extra drinks, some more bread, hot sauce...everything was handled in a cheery fashion.  The decor is gorgeous and even though it's on the corner of a strip mall (albeit a very nice strip mall), you get the feeling that you're in a stand alone restaurant (something I wondered about when I first saw the location - I don't like the feeling of being exposed to a giant parking lot while eating my food).Hot fresh bread is brought out almost immediately after sitting down and is accompanied by an olive oil based dip - I can't be certain, but I'm pretty sure one of the main ingredients in it is sumac, which is a delicious spicy exotic flavor, that I've only ever experienced in Persian restaurants.  Simply put, it's delicious.I ordered the Chicken Sheesh Tawook wrap and my friend ordered the Chicken Sheesh Tawook plate.  Great choices.  They're both basically same; one is a wrap and one is all the ingredients on a HUGE plate with hummus.The wrap comes with chicken that is super moist and marinated in some otherworldly creation (lemon, olive oil, garlic ???), shredded cabbage, tomatoes, onion, pickled cucumbers (which look like pickle spears but taste nothing like what you or I might call a pickle), and garlic sauce.  The secret is garlic sauce (this and cabbage separate this dish from just a Chicken Sheesh Wrap).There is nothing to complain about with this dish, every bite is Persian perfection and reminds me of the many kebab shops of England and Germany.My friend didn't love the hummus, but (and here's where I admit how I love this place) when I returned later and ordered the same dish she had, I loved the hummus.  It doesn't taste like the tubs of overpriced hummus you get at HEB, but has a real distinct earthy flavor.Yeah, I went back.  That's how insanely good this place is.If you're a fan of the heat, definitely ask for some hot sauce.  It tastes like someone went back into the kitchen, ground up a handful of peppers that contain just enough heat and just enough of that peppery goodness to not be overblown, threw in a bit of olive oil and served it up fresh.  I have never had hot sauce this tasty - even in the kebab shops I mentioned earlier.Fact is, if you've never been to Pasha, you should go.  Now.  I'll probably be there, just look for the guy devouring everything with extra hot sauce.
<review# 1305,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2011,10/16/2011,838,696,5,2,2>Came on Sunday to check out the buffet. There wasn't a huge selection. White rice, brown rice with beans, a cabbage dish, brown chicken, curry chicken, grilled jerk chicken, and spicy jerk chicken. I tried them all. The cabbage was probably the best dish. It was a buttery, spicy combo that melted in my mouth. Delicious!The white rice wasn't the whitest thing in there. I was... The brown rice and beans was alright.The curry chicken was spicy, and flavorful. It wasn't excellent, but it was pretty good. The sauce was decent. The brown chicken tasted like it had been cooked with apple cider, or something similar. It was fairly good. The spicy jerk chicken was incredible! Amazing! It came with this brown sauce in the bottle, which was hot, hot, hot. I thought was the best part of the whole meal! There was this macaroni and cheese dish that I thought was fairly average. The meal was a bit overpriced for such a limited buffet, which we couldn't help ourselves to, we had to be served to not waste food, or sneeze on it, or I dunno why they wouldn't let us help ourselves. The waitress was a girl who was about 13. We had to interrupt her school work to ask for a water refill, and she had to stop her reading to get up and take our plates. We felt a bit guilty interrupting her studies for our lunch. They offered fresh ginger beer, but we declined. The place was clean. Obviously family run. The staff was moderately friendly. I'd be back, but maybe when there's a full menu.
<review# 1306,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2011,10/15/2011,107,118,6,8,7>I ate mayonnaise...and I liked it. This is a huge culinary accomplishment for me, and an equally huge compliment to the cuisine at The Monterey.  The food was amazing, but the french fries with charred leek mayo won my stomach and my heart. If all I had was a plate of those babies washed down with a few Rio Blanco Pale Ales, I would have been one happy lady. But of course I couldn't resist a few more items on their limited but unique menu! I also tried the duck hearts, which were covered in a verde salsa of sorts. Very tasty, but not for the faint of, well, heart. Slicing into a barely seared aortic is not for everyone, but it should be! The dessert of choice for the evening was the creamsicle panna cotta, which I have to say was my least favorite dish of the evening. The flavor was there, but the texture was rubbery and off-putting.The shining star of The Monterey is the ambiance: laid back, booze friendly, light-strung patio, practically begging you to lean back in your chair and linger over a beer or three. Do yourself a favor and gather some friends, grab a table on the patio, and enjoy a leisurely dinner under the stars.
<review# 1307,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2011,10/14/2011,37,47,2,1,1>This place is a clean, unassuming diner. Next time I go I'm so all over those chilequiles...I think I missed out by not having that. I had the brisket taco, and a bacon and egg taco. At around $2 apiece, how can they miss!?! The tortillas are homemade, but not as good as Alamo Cafe's. Still...pretty good. The brisket was tender and tasty - I did have to pull out a little piece of fat - I'm a fuss-ass about that cuz it grosses me out, but otherwise, all by itself with just a bit of tomatillo salsa on it, it was SO good. The bacon and egg taco was also good - the bacon was crispy, and that's all I ever ask for when being served bacon. I don't want limp bacon. The waitress maybe coulda used some front teeth, but she was pleasant and chatted with us for a bit, so I can't really complain. Definitely will go back.
<review# 1308,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2011,10/13/2011,22,52,11,16,9>If you eat anywhere Mexican this week, please make it Ernesto's.  I stumbled upon this place from a tangent of a tangent of a tangent on the internets.  I've been in San Antonio 16 years and had never heard of this joint. Last night we thought we'd give it a try. Where Vance Jackson road meets Jackson-Keller road right above Loop 410 is where Ernesto's is located.  It's a little hidden in the back of some, seen better days, strip center but believe me, it's in there.  Find it.Ernesto himself greets you at the door.  Ernesto himself gives you a breakdown of the menu.  Ernesto himself gives you menu suggestions.  Ernesto himself was a delight all evening long.He said this was the first gourmet Mexican restaurant in San Antonio and that we were in for a treat. He was so spot on with that statement.I had the ceviche for an appetizer.  I was supposed to share this with S but S had ordered tortilla soup so I got to enjoy this tasty dish all by myself.  The ceviche was diced filet of red snapper marinated in a special sauce w/ avocado slices.  Very flavorful with a great balance of acid and fresh ingredients.  I highly recommend this dishI tried the Steak San Antonio:  Beef Tenderloin with garlic butter sauce served with a Green Chicken Enchilada and beans and rice.  My medium steak was melt in your mouth goodness.  The garlic sauce took me to a place I didn't know my taste buds were allowed to venture.  The chicken enchilada was tender and flavorful.  Was not as impressed with the typical tex-mex rice and beans but Ernesto said we could change anything we wanted on the menu to suit our pleasure.   Next time I will try the cilantro rice. My only regret was that I was too full to even think about dessert as the dessert menu was quite tempting.  To reiterate, this place is a hidden gem.  Use your GPS to take you to 2559 Jackson-Keller, San Antonio, Texas  78230.  Once there, let Ernesto entertain your palate with the finest Mexican Cuisine I've yet to encounter in San Antonio.  I shall return, again and again and again.4.8 Stars out of 5PS:  the service was immpeccable.  Everyone was polite and generous with their time.PPS:  the margaritas we had were small but well made.PPPS:  the chips were thick and the salsa was green.  Both delicious.PPPPS:  when you try Ernesto's, let me know, I want to go with you and try everything on the menu.
<review# 1309,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2010,10/12/2011,65,131,,9,1>I've been tattooed here several times as well as most of my friends and even family members. I got my first tattoo at 18 and I wish I would've known what quality work was then! They have a clean shop in a great location. Loki does amazing work! Look for the shop's facebook page and check out some of the pictures! I know they have other artist there but he's the only one who's tattooed me. My mom has always hated my tattoos and this year for her 58th birthday I convinced her to get a small one on her wrist. She saw how clean and sanitary things were and she realized even if she didn't like it I was being safe and not getting tattoed with a prison machine in someone's garage! Their prices are SUPER reasonable and I tell everyone about them. I can't wait to get more work done.
<review# 1310,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2011,10/11/2011,202,256,5,4,5>Man cannot live by Mojitos alone.But at Azuca, during Happy Hour, you can sure as hell try.One of our charming little establishments, just teetering on the edge of Southtown, that upholds the contention that not all of the cool places downtown are on the Riverwalk.  (psst....just a local secret; none of the cool places downtown are on the Riverwalk.)  Azuca serves up $3 Mojitos daily from 3-7, just long enough for you to either work up an appetite for some of their Latino fare or to slip into a diabetic coma, whichever comes first.  Or last as the case may be.  On this day we were treated to some Salsa lessons taking place in the bar as in house experts attempted to break down the rhythm barriers of confused white tourists.  Ay papi!While sipping the mint infused, lime libations have some of their most excellent guacamole and crispy fried flour triangles or perhaps their masterfully caramelized plantains both of which are wonderful.  I believe domestic beer is also $3 just in case your burly man wouldn't be caught dead sipping Mojitos in public.  The packed dining room across the alley suggested excellence within those walls as well but I only went down the alley to tap into the secret entrance that led me to my new wand.  "San Dimas High School football rules!"
<review# 1311,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2010,10/10/2011,37,164,9,15,12>Okay: I'm a pasty-faced blonde - demonstrably (through birth certificates and other legal documents) of Northern European ancestry. Nevertheless, I am firmly convinced I was Desi in a past life - perhaps SEVERAL past lives!So today my craving for biryani became overwhelming, and my peregrinations landed me at Kohinoor.  As I approached, I was impressed by its cleanliness and lack of pretentiousness; and from the very second I entered the door, I knew I was in for an extraordinary experience, as I inhaled the intoxicating perfume of a good curry!There were several other tables already seated, so it took the proprietor a while to make it to me (apparently, 2 p.m. is a bad time to visit - he was all by himself: cooking, taking orders and delivering food to customers - though 45 minutes later, he had two more bodies in the kitchen and was able to circulate more freely).When I finally got a menu, I ordered one of the daily specials - Karahi Gosht  (goat curry), along with a naan, and chai tea.  The first course to emerge from the kitchen was a salad composed of chopped iceberg lettuce, tomatoes, and sliced yellow onion.  Boring?  No: PERFECT!  With just a little sprinkling of chopped cilantro - and a dressing made of (I think) yogurt, lemon juice, pepper and dill - it was exceptional.  Next was the naan - warm and yeasty and delicious.  The curry - tomato-based and redolent of those distinctive curry spices (plus onion, whole cumin, chiles and coriander)  - was fiery: made my lips tingle!  The goat was succulent - though I confess I had to pick it up with my fingers and unceremoniously gnaw on it to get the meat off the bones (a drawback to plastic utensils).  Finally, the chai: not the watery brew most Anglos know - but REAL Masala chai, lovingly brewed with tea leaves, spices and milk, served warm.After the initial rush of patrons was under control, the proprietor visited all of the occupied tables, to check on his customers (and ALL of us were extolling the wonderful food!). Two ladies at an adjacent table had ordered fish tawa and another dish with vegetables and rice.  All of us - though beyond pleased with what we'd ordered - were enviously eyeing what other patrons had gotten (the true measure of an excellent eatery!).While at the register, I noticed the certification for the halaal beef was from Omaha!  I asked the owner, and he confirmed that they purchase their beef from Nebraska; and added that their halaal, organic chicken is from Houston.  My experience at Kohinoor was great.  I enthusiastically give 5 stars for food (quality, flavor, freshness), 5 stars for cleanliness, and 4.5 stars for customer service.  Please note: the service itself was excellent - just a little slower than most of us are accustomed to receiving (translation: this is not a suitable place to go for a "quick lunch").  [And a side note: I observed - with some surprise - that all of the other patrons were pallid, like me.  Is Pakistani cuisine becoming more mainstream?  Or are there just a lot of OTHER Anglos who were Desi in a previous lifetime??]
<review# 1312,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2011,10/9/2011,134,336,2,3,3>What i love about this cupcake van is just that. it's in a van! i'm a fan of their Vanilla 2 cupcake the most. and if you're not always in the mood for something sweet it's located in a coral of other food trucks that sell bistro type sandwiches, to tacos, to cantina items. and with their van parked right next to the children's play ground area (sandbox/play structure) it makes it easy to enjoy the snack while the kids run the sugar off for a bit. it's all the off of wetmore and 410. unless you like long drives i wouldn't recommend you staying closer to the city or main streets but if you enjoy hunting food down like i do then i say go for it. it's definately not an EVERYDAY type of thing i'd do but its worth a special outting at least to me. i also like how they give updates on facebook, reminds me of the food trucks back home in norcal. :)
<review# 1313,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2014,8/29/2014,95,251,4,9,8>I came here with friends, having no expectations whatsoever. I was pleasantly surprised! This place is a great option if you're having a craving for Italian food and you want something fast and reasonably priced. I didn't order a salad, thinking it would be skimpy and lacking in flavor like most salads that are served in a place that serves pizza... in my opinion. I ended up eyeballing my friends salads all through the meal and really wishing I had got one! They have salads to satisfy a vegetarian here!My food was really good. The sandwiches, the pizza. They have a good variety as well. Yes, much of it is something you can take the time to prepare at home... BUT, what if I don't feel like cooking? This is a great solution to that. They are friendly, fast, the place was clean. And, they offered a military discount. I plan to be back with hubby!
<review# 1314,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2014,8/28/2014,34,352,3,7,6>I accidentally discovered this food truck while biking it up Broadway near 281 on a hot afternoon.  I've never had a Philly cheesesteak before nor have I ever been to the City of Brotherly Love and I refuse to get a cheesesteak from Subway.  Getting a Philly cheesesteak at Subway would be akin to visiting San Antonio and wanting Taco Bell, pure blasphemy!  The food truck looks brand spanking new and clean.  To me it resembles a former ViaTrans handicapped bus or charter tour van/shuttle that has been pimped out to an awesome restaurant on wheels.  I ordered a small orignal cheesesteak with mozzarella and peppers and a regular fries.  Total was $9. Pizza steaks, water ices nor any beverages were offered on that exceptionally hot summer after though but I was lucky enough to snag a spot in the shade to wait for my food.  Minutes later my sandwich and fries were ready and I chowed down at the spot next to the lofts' garage.  The fries were salty, hot and tasty and my cheesesteak had the perfect amount of meat, cheese and veggies and was super delish!  I'm getting the Malik next time if I'm ever lucky enough to be nearby wherever Malik's will be posted up.
<review# 1315,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2014,8/27/2014,82,258,8,10,10>I don't know how the hell I have not written a review of this place, but here it goes!  If you are a coffee snob...wait ..I mean if you really really like coffee and appreciate all the nuances of flavors that are brought out by different techniques, then this is the place to go.  They roast their own coffee and no matter what they have, its all good.  From the perfect espresso with a delightful crema that leads to the deep dark and mysterious caffeine laden liquid lingering beneath the creamy surface, waiting to stun your tongue awake to the more genteel take on a cuban cortado condensada, which takes the form of agave nectar instead of condensed milk, with the mild bitterness of the agave working perfectly to enhance the espresso, this place is the bomb.If you are strictly in the mood for outstanding coffee, swing by here, if you are in the mood to hang out for a while, swing by here, get a shot, slug it and go elsewhere floating under the gentle cloud of caffeinated happiness this place brings you!
<review# 1316,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2014,8/26/2014,198,247,10,18,15>San Antonio's best kept secret!I have been struggling for months on writing this review, the food is unlike any traditional Mexican food. Honestly, I really just didn't want to let the cat out tha bag, I want Taqueria Los Arcos to be for me and only me! The place has 7 tables, I can't imagine walking in my favorite restaurant and having to wait for a table. You can easily pass this nice hidden gem on Nacogdoches, look closely, it glows! We frequent Los Arcos for breakfast and we've just now started going for lunch, everything is unbelievably good! Los Arcos is a beautifully family owned restaurant, with the mom, brother, and sister making amazing food in the kitchen while the lovely Jessica and Jeanette wait on everyone in the dining area. Thus far, I've brought my Father, who is a very good judge of Mexican food, and he cleaned all of his plates while Mom obsesses over the food.The FOOD:Basic breakfast tacos are 99 cents! The tacos are small in size so don't feel guilty about ordering three, I do it all the time. *beans are moan worthy*they make their own perfectly shaped flour and corn tortillas, they really make the taco*picadillo has papas, when a place has good picadillo I know their gorditas are going to be exceptional*the breakfast plates are fantastic and the eggs are perfectly made*the MENUDO has the right amount of everything and the broth is fantastic*PLEASE get a barbacoa taco (on corn), they're not greasy at all and the great flavor makes you forget that you're consuming cow tongue*they mix the bacon and egg (my style)*gorditas are perfection, since I've been getting them none have every broken apart from sogginess, every bite is bliss*try a picadillo SOPE, it's similar to a gordita but more like a soft chalupa with lots of yummy toppings*the chicken in green salsa tamales are BOMB (they can customize tamale orders, I'll be getting bean tamales soon)*the enchiladas verdes are made with a jalapeno sauce, they're hot but a new favoriteThe family deserves all the success, thank you Los Arcos for sharing your culinary greatness with us San Antonians! Try it, you'll love it!
<review# 1317,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2014,8/25/2014,224,205,11,19,17>Free concha (normally $2) with Yelp check-in...every time you check-in.  Yes, these guys have no limits!  Check-in 2-3 times in one day & get 2-3 conchas.  Score!  I always thought these check-in deals were a one time only thing.  But nope.  The owner (Jose) recognized my husband and me from our previous trip and reminded us to check-in again for our free concha on our subsequent trip.  Very generous of him!  Always service with a smile every time from him and his uber friendly staff to boot :)Regarding the food - get whatever.  Everything we've tried so far has been awesome.  The food porn everyone has been posting is true to form.  Looks great.  Tastes great.  Sandwiches come with a side of soup or salad for about $9.  Not bad at all considering one order is enough for two normal eaters. The parking area and dining area are quite small.  As word of this wonderful place gets out, the harder it will be to find parking and seats I'm sure.  The best time to come would be in the morning before Big Hops Growler opens for more parking space.  But there is that special with Big Hops for sandwich and beer Thursday & Friday 3-8pm and Saturday 1-7pm.  So hmmm...decisions decisions....
<review# 1318,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2013,8/24/2014,70,182,5,10,7>My absolute go-to for happy hour.  Fantastic staff, fantastic drink specials and lighter fare to nibble on, an overall five star establishment.  On nice days the exterior walls open to bring the out-of-doors in and I can't think of a better place to enjoy a manhattan and munch on some truffle fries while my pizza is being prepped.
<review# 1319,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2014,8/23/2014,54,259,5,6,5>Went here last night impromptu, had been a while, I guess they've added quite a few beers on tap, think the bartender told me 15, mostly Texas beers, because I didn't see them inside.  I' haven't been here too many times, but always have had a good time, this place certainly has a good energy and vibe to it.  There's a great mix of interesting and diverse people too, and all seem to be in a good and loose mood.  The service is always laid back and friendly.  Saw some good live music, The Lavens, a family outfit who are fun to watch.  The beer is good, nice selection of bottled beers, didn't see what all they had on draft.  I had a Hop Devil from Victory and it was divine!  I've only had burgers here and enjoyed both of them, the lamb burger and the 9er.  This is a cool place, would be a good place to take out of town visitors.  Might even go check it out again tonight!
<review# 1320,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2013,8/22/2014,39,71,4,10,5>A great automatic car wash. You don't have to wait until another car is out of the bar. You just put your car in neutral and proceed in a line.Different wash options ranging from 4.99 - 29.99.If you want a REALLY clean car inside & out the full service "Bee Hive" $29.99 includes interior shampooed floor mats, clean windows, mirrors & cup holders; dash, console & a towel dry. After sending my car through the $9.99 car wash I was satisfied. My car was decently clean. I just wish the dry mode lasted a little longer.
<review# 1321,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2014,8/21/2014,70,122,3,4,5>Another visit, another great dining experience. It really is no wonder why Pasha continues to do well. Great consistent food quality, decent service, good value, and great management are the keys to this establishment's success. Dare I say that Pasha would be a competitive restaurant even in ethnically diverse Houston, where there is a thriving Arab and Persian community with no dearth of great Mid Eastern establishments.I used to simply be a fan of the beef khoobideh kabob, but I was making a serious mistake in limiting myself to one regular dish. I have tried the khoresht bamieh, or okra stew, and was blown away. Most recently, I had the khoresht bademjan, aka eggplant stew, and was similarly pleased. Though both stews have savory bits of meat, the fragrant spices, tender vegetables, and hearty tomato-based broth take full honors. They are ideal to enjoy with perfectly cooked Basmati rice, made better only by my mother, or fresh nan-e lavash (flat bread). Next time, I must try Pasha's ghormeh sabzi and judge how it fares against my homemade version.After a very satisfying dinner, we opted for dessert, which we have never done at Pasha. We settled on the saffron ice cream because saffron is one of my very favorite spices and I love adding it to things like sweets and homemade chai. Though the ice cream was a commercial brand, it was outstanding because Pasha goes the extra step and serves it with a crushed pistachio and cardamom topping with a drizzle of berry jelly. Well played, Pasha. Well played. To wrap things up, we sipped on hot black tea. While it was nice served with traditional sugar cubes, I recommend that the restaurant offer something more unique, but simple to make. Like fresh or dried mint tea or fresh cardamom tea.Now on to service. Our server was polite, but rushed. He didn't ask if we wanted tea or dessert after our meal and always seemed to hurry off before we could fully finish our response to his questions. However, I do kind of understand this, given that Pasha is typically a busy restaurant and he might have been having a tough night. I would recommend that the servers be just a little more attentive. If this had been the case at my latest visit, you would be seeing five stars here rather than four.The highlight of the evening was the manager, Douglas. When we were done with our food and had packed up the leftovers into boxes, Douglas came over and bagged the take home boxes for easy carrying. He pleasantly asked us how our evening was and if we wanted one more nan-e lavash to take home with our food. We could not refuse his kind offer and amiable personality. His simple, but caring questions were the true highlight of the evening.With management and food quality like this, which used to be rare in Middle Eastern restaurants, I am not surprised at Pasha's continued success.
<review# 1322,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2014,8/20/2014,147,125,,8,6>Great park with lots of paved and unpaved trails ranging from difficulty 1 to 4 on the trail access info scale.  The website says that there are 5 miles of trails, but one could easily go much further using the interlocking trails.  The Cedar Flats trail ends at a watch tower that has no more than 15 wooden stairs that take you to a fantastic view of the city and surrounding hill country.  Out and back this trail takes about 35 minutes at a 15 minute pace.  Small playground with a small climbing wall.  Clean, well stocked restrooms.  Picnic tables nestled in the shade trees around the parking lots.  Overall great place for an easy walk or a challenging hike.
<review# 1323,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2011,4/25/2011,84,393,2,5,3>Friends kept telling me about this place, and I finally was able to stop in today.  Ali Baba is a great place for pantry essentials, bulk spices, fresh pita/breads, cheeses, and snacks.  I found a huge bag of cashews, some kufta and fresh whole wheat pita.  The breads smell amazing when you walk in that section and I can see why they sell out quickly.  There is an aisle filled with tomato pastes, eggplant purees, and peppers/pickles.  Plenty of selection of flours, along with bags of rice.  There is a nice selection of wafer cookies with different flavors, and a frozen section by the entrance has naan pizzas and samosas.  Parking is super easy, and they have small carts to carry all of your good finds.
<review# 1324,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2011,4/24/2011,209,518,2,3,4>Yay, so glad these guys opened up in my building. Been waiting for months for the big day and finally this past Monday they were up and running!Still the same great food that they offer at their other location. Their Queso Primo...omg...OMG....so freaking good! I could literally take a bath in that stuff it's so good. I love me a good fish taco and theirs seems to be one of the best in SA.The staff is fun and friendly. To me customer service comes first and when you are greeted with a smile and made to feel at home that goes a long way.The atmosphere has that same quirky, edginess to it and they also have an outside dining area. Loves it!Yep, I'll definitely be a regular fixture there.
<review# 1325,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2011,4/23/2011,44,42,5,4,4>Tucked away in a quaint little business lot, if you blink you will miss this delectable dive. Stories of this bar are legendary so I finally went and saw for myself. I loved it! Everything I like in a bar, cheap drinks, engaging people, and good music pouring like a whiskey river out of the jukebox. The bartenders were constantly keepin an eye out and makin sure my pint glass was full at all times, something you rarely get at bars these days. They even threw in a complimentary smile every time. Nice! Try the ranger IPA on draft... Delicious! This is the kind of bar that when u wake up the next morning with a devilish hangover smelling like smoke, you put some ice on your head, chug some water, pop some aspirin, and then you wanna go back and do it all over again! And thanks to the 2 dollar pint check-in special, I still have some money in my wallet this morning! Next time life is beatin you with a stick, take a stroll down easy street, you'll thank me.
<review# 1326,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2011,4/22/2011,41,74,6,12,9>A great addition to San Antonio's maturing taste. I've always considered San Antonio some what of a foodie town, and with the addition of The Monterey as well as other places similar (think G&G Mobile Bistro, Jason Dady's Bin 555 and to an extant, The Friendly Spot's modern take on cantina Mexi-vendor food) my consideration has been confirmed.What first stands out is The Monterey's midcentury design. The smart retrofitting of a Kennedy era Sunglo Gas Station into a gastropub was influenced with the eye of the late Chuck Ramirez, a great San Antonio artist whose design spills out onto the menu as well as their website. The reuse of this building was done smart and much credit is due to the interior design team, architect, artist and every other craftsman involved in creating such a sleek modern interpretation of what can only be described as cool. Charles and Ray Eames fans would be delighted to dine and drink in this space as it is the attention to the space that helps provide such a great dining experience.Because of the name, The Monterey, and the actual Cadillac Monterey used as billboard parked out front (not to mention the midcentury design) I was expecting modern interpretations of something Southern fried, smoky with a q, and perhaps progressive interpretations of Tex-Mex (sammy style Korean Barbacoa anybody). But this was not the case. Their were nods to this notion: bone in fried chicken with kimchee acting as slaw, shrimp chorizo, an interesting desert using Fritos, as well as Mexican bottled Cokes, Big Red, and Pearl Beer making their appearance on the menu. In a matter of time I'm sure I'll see the addition of RC Cola, Dublin Dr. Pepper, and perhaps a Moonpie banana pudding dessert, but this is just wishful thinking.The dishes hold their own and they are more fused than modern jazz merging western and eastern culinary concepts. This is small plate cuisine, and one must think of ordering their dishes as they would their drinks, you keep it coming. Though I hate to use this comparison, for those unfamiliar with the concept of a gastropub, think or compare to tapas.The Monterey is a perfect third wheel place and not so much ideal for couples, but to be enjoyed with a group of three or more. The Monterey encourages the family style arrangement in which much is ordered and all is shared.My dining experience was met with an overly friendly staff who promptly sat us on a crowded evening. My waitress explained to my date and I their concept and what to expect, which was slightly awkward to me, but perhaps useful to a lot of casual diners who probably have not been to a similar eatery. I kind of felt like my experience was being mapped out for me, my date and I sort of giggled at the notion and compared the description to how a 1960s orchestrated acid trip must have felt ("You're walking through a forest, you see a lot of trees, you stop by a brook...")The bar back is called a beer nerd, is it because he has glasses? I don't know, but it's better than being called a drunk and his function serves to suggest pairings of beer with what food you order, that's a smart function. On my visit the beer selection was a bit limited, but I could understand this due to being about two weeks after the holidays, and with the stocking of mostly micro and craft brews, it may take a little more time for distributors to fill those orders. I'm definitely going back and cannot wait until it warms up, I look forward to seeing what Spring and summer brings. This place is not for everyone, if you like large plates, individual entrees and familiar foods of tacos, chicken fried steak and burgers, do not dine at The Monterey, you will hate it and think it a waste of money and feel slighted. If you consider yourself a foodie and always wanted to eat dishes like what you've seen on Top Chef, or Iron Chef and have a subscription to Food & Wine or Cooks Illustrated, welcome.One of the coolest features on the menu is the coffee from Brown Coffee. I enjoy it when local businesses support other local businesses, and more of this is needed in San Antonio.
<review# 1327,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2010,4/21/2011,108,275,1,2,2>A must for locals and tourists.   One of those places where those I meet while travelling, if they've been to SAT, they've eaten here.Gotta love the tableside guacamole with the prickly pear margaritas!Love this place not only for the great appetizers, but for the flavorful entrees- All good- quail, fish, steak........yum!
<review# 1328,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2010,4/20/2011,10,67,1,2,1>Very nice atmosphere for a coffee shop. I love the chairs they have. I just feel that it is overall a hidden jewel within its community. Another business meeting brought me to this place and really made the boring much more bearable with its diabetic inducing drinks. They're not that bad, just the cold drink I ordered was a lot more of a treat than I expected.    The barista behind the counter seemed to be on the tail end of a double so she seemed a bit miffed, but luckily her coworker made up for that. All the same, it was enjoyable.
<review# 1329,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2011,4/19/2011,32,166,2,8,2>Do you Peru?  I DO!  (And you should, too!)  Rocoto's offered a wonderful lunchtime dining experience with my colleague today.  Our server was so friendly and knowledgable; she happily helped us first-timers navigate the menu.  We started with a plate of plaintains, hot and crispy from the fryer,  served with a delicious sour cream sauce.  We both had the Lomo Saltado for our entrees--generous portions of tender steak strips stir-fried with tomatoes, onions and...french fries!  The meat was delectably seasoned and served with a side of white rice.  I highly recommend this restaurant for dining adventurers looking for something off the beaten path.
<review# 1330,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2011,4/18/2011,70,182,1,2,1>Cheap and tasty, but lacks variety.This is quickly becoming a regular spot for happy hour, as they have cheap and reasonably fresh options from salmon wrap type things, to sushi.  Nigiri options are only a buck a piece and are made to order, which is a nice touch but kind of slows down service.  If you're coming here for  a sushi joint, you'll likely be disappointed because there's pretty much just your standard fare; and MJ is really more of a Chinese place with a tacked on sushi menu.  All the staff is friendly and there's no real reason to avoid MJ's, other than if you're in a hurry.
<review# 1331,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2010,4/17/2011,22,52,3,10,3>I have never been so eager to write and share a review as I was after eating at this joint.  We tried to go to The Aloha Grill for lunch but it is not open for lunch on the weekends.  We had no Plan B so we drove to another place for lunch and back to the Aloha Grill for supper.It is appropriate that we ate here on this 9-11, for this restaurant has been open exactly 9 months and 11 days.  Like the birth of a child, the owners were eager to show this joint off. Agoo agoo.  Stuck in the near corner of an old shopping center near Fort Sam on Harry Wurzbach, you would never know this place existed unless you were looking for Hawaiian food. Driving into the parking lot we could tell the restaurant was full of patrons.  Always a good sign. We started with the Chips & Mango Papaya Salsa.  You had me at Mango Papaya Salsa.  It was well prepared and ever so tasty.  The chips were fried just right.  Not greasy at all. My meal came with choice of soup or salad.  I chose the salad and my was this a giant plate of salad. As large as most chef salads in most restaurants.  Not sure what the house dressing was but I drizzled it all over the salad and devoured the whole delectable plate. I had the Lau Lau for the main course.  Consisting of slow cooked pork, fish and beef wrapped in Luau Leaves.   All the protein was tender and well seasoned. The pork was especially delicious but then again I heart pork. Sides of White Sticky Rice, mac/potato salad and coconut cream corn. The coconut cream corn was a delight for the mouth.  Who knew that corn and coconut would compliment each other?Almost always we get dessert to go and such was the case tonight.  I tried the Mango Pie:  fresh mangoes on a graham cracker crust.  A bit sweet but well prepared and obviously home-made. The waitress said they first started a catering business and have now ventured into the restaurant business.  Would love to go to a catered event where they have an actual Luau.  This joint, with room for barely ten tables, does not have the room for the pageantry and spectacle of a luau. The tables were meticulously decorated with fresh tropical flowers as were each of the plates of food.  Bet this gets expensive after a while. 4.8 Stars out of 5PS:  Seriously.  Check out the menu on their website and get yourself to this restaurant.  I personally guarantee you will not be disappointed.PPS:  Get your self to this restaurant and invite me.
<review# 1332,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2011,4/16/2011,176,153,6,9,7>Wow!!! I was not expecting BBQ this good out of a trailer...I'd seen the reviews on this place but I couldn't figure out exactly where it was, SW corner of Nacogdoches and 410, isn't that a vacant building??? Oh wait, you mean the trailer parked in the parking lot of the vacant building, riiiiight...Anyway - here's a breakdown of the Q - I got a 2 meat plate and added a link of sauageBrisket - 4 stars - nice smoke ring, good flavor, tender, moistPulled Pork - 5 stars - this was the star of the show - fabulously tender with a nice mustard sauce, the best I've had in Texas - most BBQ places in this state don't do pulled pork, much less do it well!!!Sausage - 3 stars - pretty standard, not bad but I wouldn't get it again Sides - 5 stars - the cole slaw is the best I've ever had from a BBQ joint, tossed with a vinagrette and feta cheese crumbles, soooo good - the potato salad was somewhere in between smashed potatoes and home fries, lots of rosemary and a little vinegar, no mayo, unique and very tastySauce was nice - not too sweet, not too vinegary Instead of bread they it comes with little rolls they use for their sliders - delish, should have asked for more, the 2 meat plate only came with one roll and no pickles or onion - guess I need to ask next timeTry this place - it's amazingly good!!!
<review# 1333,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2013,8/30/2013,101,63,5,7,6>I cannot believe I haven't written a review on this museum yet! Many people think that San Antonio doesn't have much of an arts scene, and you know what? Those people are fools! We have a vibrant art scene, and among art museums, SAMA is a very approachable, unimposing institution housed in an old brewery (who doesn't love re-purposed breweries?). There are rotating exhibitions about every six months, and the curators do a very nice job of creating compelling, thought-provoking, and quirky shows. I happen to be a member, and for less that $50, it's well worth it. Every 2nd Friday there is the aptly named Art pArty which is a combination happy hour with live music, and the theme generally ties in with the current exhibit. You wouldn't think that a town like San Antonio would house an exceptional Asian wing, as well as some great Egyptian works, and marble sculptures, but if you have the time, perusing all the nooks and crannies could take you all day, and you'll find some great treasures. If you prefer more contemporary artwork, browse the modern wing, and you may see some familiar local artists.  There are lectures aplenty that feature discussions on the art scene in San Antonio, as well as talks on current exhibits. Plus, SAMA is uber family (kids under 12 enter FREE and there are special art classes each Wednesdays for your budding Monet) AND wallet friendly by offering free admission on Sundays 10-12, and Tuesdays from 4-9.  With a great location off the north part of the Riverwalk, you can easily walk to the Pearl for a post museum snack. Parking is free in a lot right across the museum entrance.
<review# 1334,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2013,8/29/2013,144,109,3,14,6>Andrew Weissman can do no wrong in my book. His eateries are among my favorite in the city and Minnie's Tavern is no exception. I lucked out and was able to get a same-day reservation for a Friday night at 6pm. We were greeted by Andrew's beautiful and lovely wife who is always amazing at running the front of the house. We were seated at the window, which I'd say is one of the best seats in the house.Our waiter was a familiar face as his home base is Il Sogno, but he bounces around between Weissman's restaurants to help train new servers. He was exceptionally knowledgeable and attentive.We started our meal with the Foie Gras (when in Rome, right?) and a bottle of Sauvignon Blanc ($32)--all the wines are from france. I'm a sucker for Steak and Frites, my husband had the Lamb Burger ($11) which was an off-menu feature and my friend went with the Mussels ($16) and Frites. My steak ($24) was a massive portion that I almost couldn't finish (almost). My husband loved his Lamb Burger and my friend's mussels were tasty, although she mentioned they were too salty. I will say, between Minnie's and The Luxury, Andrew Weissman is ruining fries for me, in that no one else's fries can compare, his are perfection. For dessert we chose the Creme Caramel and the Ile Flontant (both $8). The Creme Caramel--with a flan-like consistency--was beyond amazing! The Ile Flontant wasn't for me, but I appreciate the creativity of the floating meringue treat. Although not available yet, I was assured that they will eventually have dessert wines on the menu--hopefully espresso, too.Minnie's Tavern is an exceptional value for french brasserie food. I would suggest making reservations, regardless of the day. I can't wait to try brunch and lunch as I'm sure it won't disappoint. I'll keep you posted when I return.I would say to the folks who appear to have visited during opening week and had a bad experience--give it another try in a couple of months. I understand that regardless of how new a restaurant is, you expect good service and food. But, I've learned from my own experiences that opening night/week of a restaurant is like the opening of a play--things might go wrong, the cast might forget some lines, the lighting crew might miss a cue, but you still enjoy the excitement of being one of the first to experience a new show by an award-winning director. If you've frequented any of Weissman's establishments, you know that he is one of the best chef's and restauranteurs in town (and beyond) and if you write him off after one experience, you're gonna miss out.
<review# 1335,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2013,8/28/2013,80,87,6,6,8>Gusto is so. damn. cute. Loved everything about it. The decor, the ambience, the location, the music, the layout... but let me stop right here because their drinks need a sentence of their own. I loved their drinks. These mouthwatering concoctions are the perfect way to erase the devastating effects of a long Tuesday full of deadlines and coworker drama. Trust me, the Cupeno is liquid magic. The service was outstanding, too. What? Was the bartender jamming out to Ladytron? Yes he was. And it was perfect.
<review# 1336,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2013,8/27/2013,177,94,9,18,10>How have I lived here for 8+ years and never heard of this place? I am beyond ashamed of myself.I thought I had already tried every burger in San Antonio. Boy was I wrong! I missed nit only one if the best burgers but also one if the most unbelievable experiences in this city.Phylis is the owner, cook, waitress, cashier and whatever else she may need to do, master of this little, REALLY little, burger joint. She is awesome! We walked in, after driving by it 3 times, to find 5 barstools and a little counter. In the back was an old, OLD, grill along with a coke cooler that is probably the same age and Phylis was back there grilling away.We ordered 2 large burgers and 2 Root Beers and sat there watching her work. Every now and then she'd turn and talk to us. It came up that I am from Michigan. She rolled her eyes and called me a yankee. I laughed and said I thought I had been here long enough to not be a yankee anymore. She smiled, called me a Damn Yankee and went back to grilling. A couple minutes later she turns around again and asks if I like ketchup. I said yes, she responded back with "Too bad. We don't have any here" then back to building burgers.She wasn't lying about the ketchup either. When our burgers were dine she asked if we wanted everything on them. At this point I was a little scared of her so I told her to make it "however she wants to" Everything consisted of mustard, Miracle Whip (not mayo), onions and "secret sauce" (chili of some kind I think). The burger was delicious! When Phylis got everything caught up she sat and chatted with us and the regulars that had also wandered in. This lady has stories! We finished eating and she rook her trusty pencil and wrote on the table to figure the total. 2 burgers, 2 sodas came to a total of about $4. We doubled that fir her tip and headed on our way.This place is a local gem, literally a diamond in the rough. Be sure to go early though. She is only open from 11:30 until she runs out of meat, could be 1 hour could be 4. You just don't know so get there early you will nit regret it!
<review# 1337,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2013,8/26/2013,46,93,6,9,7>I often feel like a needle in a haystack reviewing places that have hundreds - literally, hundreds - of reviews here on Yelp.  However, I feel I must (quickly) attest to what the masses here are saying: Want fish tacos? Go to The Cove.Yes, there are many reasons to appreciate this diamond in the rough.  I mean, for starters, it's a sustainable/organic/local/vegan-vegetarian-­offering restaurant in a neighborhood notorious for having only the opposite: national fast-food chains.I've been here three times this month (a record, since moving to S.A. two years ago), and here's what I recommend:The Sampler.So... you're a little overwhelmed... not quite sure with what to please your taste buds.  Order the sampler. It's a fish taco, a shrimp taco and a heaping serving of a fresh spinach/mushroom/red onion mix salad on the side.  $10/11.The Vegan Burger.This is shut-the-front-door good. Brown rice patty, tofu bacon, cashew "cheese", vegan mayo.  Eeeeeee!! $9  The whole-wheat bun tasted so, so delicious. Fresh.Also, I picked up a copy of Natural Awakenings magazine and apparently once-a-month they have a completely vegan night where you can sample some newest, greatest vegan cuisine. Killer, dude.They have beer on tap - mainly all local/regional, plenty of live music, all outdoor seating and friendly service.  Yes, parking can be tricky.  Lot of about two-dozen spaces gets filled quickly.  I have not heard of any horror towing stories, but always double-check the street signage before parking on the nearby streets.  I'm done. Go to The Cove.Oh yeah, this place also has an on-side laundromat. And a car wash. Boom.
<review# 1338,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2013,8/25/2013,133,93,2,5,2>Went by for breakfast the other day and was very impressed.  My stay wasn't long, as I just grabbed by juice and was off, but they staff that I interacted with were very pleasant and knowledgable.  I had the Purple Power as it was the juice of the day.  The juice of the day is only $5 and will probably remain my go to if I am not in a mood.  The juice is served in a glass container that they ask you to bring back on your next visit as they recycle them.  This place is great, as a juicer I like having a place so close to home where I can try new recipes before buying all the veggies to make myself and also to pick up a juice if I didn't have time to make my own.  Juicer Heroes and I will be great friends, I'm sure!
<review# 1339,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2013,8/24/2013,1439,1280,29,22,20>Alright, here I go again: HOLY HELL.  The rundown (conversation pieces of the evening):Me: Selma Speed Trap.  Whatchew say???  Selma Speed Trap!!!  I be seein' the pics and I WANT.  Chicken fried bacon?  Fried egg?  Burger??  Hells yeah, lay it on me!  Well, not literally but if that's what you're in to... Partner in crime: Ordered the special of the day - sammich made up of BBQ brisket end pieces.  Whaaaatttt?Both of us afterwards:  I'm full.  Sorry - couldn't hear you.  My stomach is blocking the path of soundwaves to my ears.  We'll have to talk later on.  We both ROLLED out the joint in sheer happiness.  Server ROCKED.  Finis.
<review# 1340,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2013,8/23/2013,838,696,8,11,11>Wow! A laid back, chill bar that actually knows how to serve a quality cocktail on the N St Mary's Strip! This place is a welcome addition to the scene! I love the artwork they've got there- everything from Tatum, who is a SA legend in the art scene, to a weird cicada piece of art with bug parts. Hmmm... Interesting! However, it all went together perfectly to create a laid back vibe with the place, while still classy. TBA has really turned this place around. New coat of paint, the floors are fixed, a new sound system put in, a new bar! You'd hardly know it was a complete dive before the transformation! I LOVED the cocktails here! I'm so stoked that they offer a long list of beers, from local craft beers, like Alamo and Fireman's #4, all the way to Lone Star and Pabst. I ordered the melon and ginger cocktail, which was lovingly crafted. It had honey and ginger which were a perfect pairing together. It hit the spot! :D The barstaff was on the ball, got my drink quickly and were super nice. Great service!One thing I have to give props on is the restrooms. Back before this was TBA, the bathrooms were always pretty scary. No more! It's clean, clean, clean! The doors lock, and it's really decked out! They offer an outdoor seating area, with some furniture to sit on so if you wanna go have a smoke, that seems to be an option there. I know that many of you are going miss Salute, but I think that this place is a great addition to the Strip. While Salute had some real history behind it, TBA has the potential for a great future ahead.
<review# 1341,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2013,8/22/2013,89,112,3,5,5>With such a long line to order, they must be doing something right! I'm usually not a fan of raspas, because they run of out syrup so quickly that I feel ripped off, but Las Nieves puts a good amount in your cup! Also, they have the option of adding ice cream in. So, a large flavored raspa with ice cream is $3.25!Next visit, I'm venturing toward the shaved ice.When I went,  their TV was showing National Geographic. Get your nieves on and learn about the animal kingdom, why don't ya?
<review# 1342,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2013,8/21/2013,10,51,3,6,3>We love to swim!! Three years ago I did the baby & me class with my daughter and it was great bonding time. My son hated it, guess it just depends on the kid. Now, my daughter is 4 and we are back twice a week! Obviously she did not retain anything, but we definitely did not have to start in that baby class again. The classes are kept small, the teachers are interactive and fun, and their program is fast paced. You're paying for lessons, not fun time -  so I was glad to see that they pay close attention to the kids' progress so they can keep advancing them through the program to avoid dull, repetitive lessons. I get reports by email that tell me what she has accomplished. They do a great job of rewarding progress. I hope to send my son (now 2) as soon as he is out of his temper tantrum stage!
<review# 1343,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2014,10/28/2014,85,104,3,5,6>Great little hidden gem! Very chill place to meet up and start a night off. Bartender was very friendly and quick to recommend a beer or give a sample. Huge oak tree over the entire place and I was told it's the oldest tree in the area! Lots of places within walking distance. I will definitely be back to this place!
<review# 1344,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2014,10/27/2014,80,87,6,4,5>I'm not sure what this place is doing nestled in the soccer mom alley on Bitters, but you go wherever you gotta go when there's crispy rice involved. This was my first experience at Umai Mi and I was very pleased with the outcome. My friend and I decided to sample all of their snack menu and shared the Ahi Tuna dish. Their deviled eggs with Sriracha are probably the best I've had. The crispy rice was everything you aren't imagining. Those complaining about how "unauthentic" the food is should refer to their positioning line and/or develop a sense of humor. Don't expect to find dozens of menu items at Umai Mi. Expect memorable and flavorful dishes made by an adventurous crew. The service was friendly and attentive - our waiter, Dwayne, made some great recommendations and made sure we were satisfied with everything. Yes, I will comeback to this place even if I have to brave the legions of Pinterest fanatics working on their bead bracelets next door.
<review# 1345,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2014,10/26/2014,60,127,7,10,9>Conscious eating at it's best. The delicious ice creams at Lick are made with awesome locally sourced (when possible) ingredients....even the waffle cones are made with eggs from happy chickens! Yes! I want texas honey in my ice cream and yes I want my PB&J ice cream to have grape jelly made from grapes that were 'foraged'...not gathered but 'foraged' somewhere here in this great state. Flavors are interesting, unique, and often combine sweet and savory elements. Before ordering, scan the board of flavors and keep an open mind. Beets and mint don't sound too appealing in a frozen format but dammit they are! Approach the counter in this small shop and ask for a sample of a few flavors that caught your eye. On my last visit it was the goat cheese flavor and I paired it with the ranch road-a take on rocky road. Both were great! I must say, however, that their flavors don't blow my mind. I have yet to taste any of their flavors and my eyes roll to the back of my head and I exclaim-yes! Maybe I should be looking for that reaction in a place other than an ice cream shop, idk. But what is awesome is their commitment to quality. Lick is unparalleled in their choice of ingredients and for that, it's worth it.
<review# 1346,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2014,10/25/2014,32,102,3,3,3>A totally different type of Mexican food than you get anywhere else in San Antonio (at least as far as I know)! I love Los Valles, both the fruit stand and the actual restaurant. Their Aguas Frescas are cold and delicious, and decently priced. But more importantly, the food is delicious. I always order the Mexican Enchiladas, which are filled and topped with Queso Fresco, and the side of potatoes and carrots is a beautiful mystery to me. I've never had anything with a similar taste! My babe always gets the mini tacos, or bistek tacos with Queso Fresco, and the meat is yummy. This is one of our favorite spots in town. Bonus points for good air conditioning and a lot of seating so there aren't long waits, even on busy Sunday afternoons.Rating system:5 stars = I'll drive across town specifically for this, and rave to all my friends about it!4 stars = Would recommend visiting.3 stars = Average, acceptable, positive.2 stars = You might be able to drag me here.1 star = I will not be returning.
<review# 1347,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2014,10/24/2014,130,134,4,6,6>Yelpers have been talking about this place for some time now.  For the past several years I have been talking to my wife about stopping here, but we always drove on by.  Tonight we finally stopped, & I am so glad.The waitress met us at the door and walked us to our table.  Since we were newbies, she spent a lot of time with us.  She recommended the burger for first timers, and we both listened to her.Let's talk about the food.  We are talking about, not a quarter pounder, not a third pounder, but a true half pounder.  This monster is cooked over a flame, and they sear in the burger juicyness.  Then they cover it with bacon and cheese.  Awesome. Now about the bun.  This is no off the shelf bread.  It is custom made just for these folks.  It's sourdough bread and has no preservatives.  There is a hint of a little sweetness to the bun, and it is so good that I would go there just for the bun.Next trip I am going to get the chicken fried steak.  Not your typical CFS, it's chicken fried ribeye steak.Can't wait to go back.
<review# 1348,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2014,10/23/2014,277,210,2,5,4>If you love plants, don't miss this gem of a garden.If you kind of like plants, this is the place for you.And if you really couldn't care less about plants, put a visit to this Botanical Garden on your calendar!When you arrive and pay your admission, the friendly staff (volunteers, I think) give you a full color and very easy to follow map, that leads you to the Sensory Garden (ah, the fragrance!) and just beyond that is a beautiful wall which takes you into a small but restful Japanese garden. This garden has been developed in partnership with San Antonio's sister city in Japan, and it is a wonderful place just to sit and contemplate. From there, paths lead everywhere -- to a series of glass structures that house plants of various types.  We were particularly intrigued by the desert milieu, and the strange plants that make their homes in those harsh landscapes. Palms, a fern garden, and more, round out this part of the Botanical Garden. And the thing is, in addition to the interesting names on the labels (I love the Teddy Bear Palm!), the displays are works of art in themselves. Beautiful and beautifully maintained by the 2,000 volunteers whose labors make the gardens the showpiece they are.We bypassed the "formal garden" and headed up to the Texas areas, where plants from various parts of our diverse state are located according to their geographical area. If you haven't fully absorbed the diversity of Texas botany-wise, an hour or two in this part of the gardens will leave you both wiser and impressed.And, of great use to us all, are a couple of areas showing how to garden appropriately in times (like now and probably forever) when water conservation is a must. All the water used in the garden is reclaimed, and the knowledgeable people who carry out the designs have made it easy for newbies like me to learn what I need to know and more about native habitat -- and why it matters.Others have spoken about the theater and musical events sponsored by the Garden, and the lovely on-site cafe which I have so far only peeked into. (That's for the next visit.) But I can vouch for the gift shop -- many functional and beautiful items from which to choose as a memory of your visit.And, who knows, maybe you'll do what we did, and purchase a membership.  They let us deduct the cost of that current visit, as well as 10% off the prices of our souvenirs.  Yes, we will be back -- and soon.
<review# 1349,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2014,10/22/2014,67,212,1,4,5>Hung around after the end of the Yelp Elite event. I had the shrimp quesadillas and the husband had the bacon-wrapped shrimp plate. His plate also included rice and fries. Ordered La Catrina, their top shelf Margarita made with Don Julio Anejo. Delicious! Their micheladas are very good, too. The staff is friendly and helpful. A shout out to Rose and Rebecca for taking such good care of us during and after the event. Thank you.
<review# 1350,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/13/2014,10/21/2014,35,93,5,5,4>I must say...after frequenting downtown establishments for the last year, I didn't think med center was going to have much to offer. My boy and I ducked into this place on game night (the spurs were playing). This is definitely the kind of place you want to be on a game night. Lots of tvs everywhere, plenty of seating but also a lot of room to stand also. They have your typical bar seating, then some tables, but also have couches. i really liked that, and its something you dont see too much in a sports bar. Something else I like about this placve is that if someone is standing in front of you, and you are seated, the tvs are mounted high enough that you can still see everything. They also have a karaoke room in the back that actually looks fun. I ordered wings and my boy ordered a burger. My wings came out in a normal, decent amount of time. i split the flavor of wings into two kinds, hot and something else. The wings were good...didnt blow my socks off, but i would get them again. The burger my boy ordered took FOREVER. I don't know what the deal was...but I had about finished my wings by the time his burger came out. So we were both bothered by that, but he did enjoy the burger. They have an expansive beer menu which is nice, you can get a little bit of everything here. they also have a...rewards program for drinking (alcoholics rejoice!) I believe if you drink 50 beers you get a tshirt or something. lastly...I like the crowd. you get a little bit of everything.  What I mean is...everyone just seems cool. like..no one is trying too hard to be cool. You know what im talking about...some places you get the crowd of people who are pretentious and drink with their pinky out, or others who are actively trying to not be cool but in the act of not being cool they really are cool...all in all, cool place. ill def be back. and ill have to find another word to replace cool for my next review.
<review# 1351,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2014,10/20/2014,140,197,7,6,6>I'm happy I found Spec's; If you're a drunk like me, this place is Heaven on Earth. The selection of liquor is astounding, although  I don't dabble in the heavy stuff often, so I can't be sure that they do or don't have anything you need (yes, it's a need). You'll find me in the beer aisle, or perusing through the snacks in search of kippers and pickled okra. There's a decent section of sour ales, plenty of craft beer, and good ol' Anheiser Busch products if that's your thing. Did I mention wine? Yep, plenty here. What about a deli? They have one of those, too. Not huge, but grab a sammich or some type of salad before you start drinking ;-)
<review# 1352,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2014,10/19/2014,29,100,4,6,6>I recently spent a pleasant Thursday evening with a friend here. It was approximately 7pm, a Spurs game was about to start and we were both pretty hungry. We were really glad that we decided to stop in. Service was a bit aloof at first, but once the servers went completed thier shift change, things got much better. We ordered their specialty black cherry margaritas. They were a little sweet for my taste, but overall well made. So well made in fact that I had 3. For my meal, I opted for a chili cheeseburger. My dining companion ordered a patty melt. They came out quite promptly, but my order was wrong.The kitchen decided because I asked for no roughage, that meant no chili.  The server noticed before she even set it down and whisked it away back to the kitchen while my tummy grumbled. A few minutes later, my corrected burger was placed in front of me. My friend seemed pleased with her patty melt. The bread looked well toasted, the cheese nicely melted and the onions nice and soft. I was really happy that in my hunger, I didn't say the plain cheeseburger would be fine. The chili really made it. Yes, it was greasy and messy and just plain hard to eat, but what do you expect from a chili cheeseburger. The bread was sturdy enough to hold up to the juicy burger, chili and the cheese.I was also really happy with the fresh cut french fries. The chili was well spiced with lots of flavor, it did not rely on stale chili powder or too much cumin to taste like something. It was very good on top of the hamburger and ever better when I sopped up the spillage with my fries. Overall, one of the better burger experiences I've had on this side of town. I will definitely be back.
<review# 1353,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2013,7/21/2013,33,558,2,5,5>Small, local ice cream shop hidden in the back road.  Got their banana split (~$5) and it was fully loaded!!! Filled up the regular sized to-go container.  Comes with 3 big scoops of ice cream (your choice of the 3 flavors), 2 whole bananas, whipped cream and all the candy /nut /chocolate / sprinkles toppings you want.  You can also add caramel, chocolate, and/or strawberry syrup.  SUGAR-OVERLOAD!  The 2 of us couldn't finish it---i'm sure it could feed at least 4-5 people.  I think they also serve coffee, salad, wings, & subs.  Huge portions, cheap prices.  Cute decor. Will definitely be back.
<review# 1354,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2013,7/20/2013,118,76,3,9,3>Nail Service is my Cheers for pedicures and sometimes when I'm feeling spunky a glass of wine! A welcoming group, who happen to be Simply Fantastic at their craft, Who would have thought "nail service" would be a salon, where, everybody knows my name! My favorite nail stylist is Kevin. He has a fan following at this salon and an appointment can be necessary to get a full set with him, but not always.  Beautiful work, he listens to every critique and request, but most importantly he delivers! My real love for this store comes from their cleanliness. Super clean, tools that are sterilized and spa chairs that actually work! Compared to other nail salons their prices are right on par if not a bit cheaper, especially compared to some salons in the area! EG: for  Fill with Pink/White solar, a Pedicure with design on the toes and eye brow wax I spent $76.  GOOD!!!Ask for Kevin or his wife Amy for your mani and if you get lucky you'll have Tina  for the most fantastic toes! I'm very picky about my nail salons, being a super snob from Southern California, but these guys meet my standards and then some!!I approve this message! Go to Nail Service!
<review# 1355,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2013,7/19/2013,134,166,3,3,5>Came here for lunch during my first day in San Antonio and was completely amazed at how cheap this place was! Not only was it cheap but there were huge portions as well. What can be better than that? The staff were friendly and the food was out pretty quickly as well. I ordered the mixed vegtables with chicken lunch and it was only $8. Not bad, right? I didn't think so! Only downside is that if you want to use a card you have to order at least $10 worth of food/drink. Did I mention they also have amazing Thai tea? Check this place out, especially if you are killing time waiting for class to start at SAC.Inner fat kid says: Nothing...I am too busy eating the delicious Thai food!!
<review# 1356,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2013,7/18/2013,125,290,6,8,6>Oh my goodness.  Can it be?  Is there finally a burger good enough to make me forget about every other burger I've ever had?  Hell yes.  Before the Southtown Crawl #2 began, it was imperative that we all get some carbs and seeing as how none of us had been to La Tuna, the decision was made.  Ordered the Cheeseburger with grilled onions and about 10 minutes later, it was brought out to me.  First impression?  Gah-damn that's a big burger!  And it was perfect, the cheese melted, the meat seasoned and the onions were almost carmelized.  Fries were amazingly crispy too.  I tried my best to finish everything and I'm ashamed to say I failed.  La Tuna Grill is THE spot for pre-drinking dinner in Southtown!
<review# 1357,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2013,7/17/2013,89,86,4,7,5>Remember all of those old movies you watched where the main characters were in a cafe eating a seemingly amazing burger and fries with a super tasty milkshake accompanying them? This is THAT place...well, not literally but you get the idea.This place does not let you down. From their SECOND TO NONE milkshakes to their crispy and perfectly fried tater tots, this place has got it going on.They offer a variety of milkshakes but my personal favorite is the PBJ shake. I think where they differentiate themselves from other places is how they're able to find the PERFECT consistency while keeping flavor fully intact. Imagine being able to suck your milkshake through a straw for once without having to use excessive force!Aside the shakes, I love the fact that they don't just dump tater tots in a fryer and call it a day, they've perfected the science. They make Sonic look like the n00bs they are and showcase how true tater tot artisans do it RIGHT! Crispy outer layer, soft center and spiced with salt n pepper to my liking. :)The burgers here are pretty good but I'm with Jai and I think the Tuna Melt is where it's at. It's a unique and simple recipe but it has a little bit of heat to it that always has me coming back for more.The service here is consistently good and children will love the train which runs on a track suspended high near the ceiling. I would say this is a great place for families b/c there is something for everyone here. They use to have a 1 pound burger challenge where if you ate it in one sitting, they'd take your picture and put it on the wall but I think they may have stopped that long ago. (I did it twice years ago.) Regardless, you can still stop in and get some good classic American eats on with the family and parents get to take a trip down memory lane.
<review# 1358,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2013,7/16/2013,67,64,2,4,4>The BEST cucumber martini I have EVER tasted.We typically try to steer clear of touristy spots in downtown, but this is a gem!  I ordered a gin cucumber martini.  It was heaven.  Everything came together perfectly! The cayenne salted rim, hand muddled cucumber, the perfect balance of gin and all around amazing flavors.  This place is a must if you are interested in trying new martinis and want a true mixologist making your drinks!
<review# 1359,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2013,7/15/2013,220,318,2,9,2>schnitzel, schnitzel, schnitzel! this is quite a tasty schnitzel, your choice of sauce (or no sauce). there are a couple of sausage offerings. the pan fried potatoes with onions ("home fries", my grandma called 'em) are fantastic; don't skip those.they offer a few german beers, in bottles. apparently they make some of the desserts.i'd say it's worth it to venture over and split a schnitzel every now and then. i'd try to avoid heavy traffic times since it's a smallish dining room; we felt a little rushed.note: google navigation will direct you to the back of the parking lot, where there's a closed gate; you enter the parking lot from 78.
<review# 1360,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2013,7/14/2013,108,11,5,11,6>I absolutely love this place! I have been three times and every time the food and the service is amazing. The decor and atmosphere are super sexy and the drinks are great!Some of my favorites are the Ground Lamb Kabobs (served with a feta dip), Prince Edward Island Mussels( in a white wine sauce with green harisa), and the House made Potato Chips (covered in a cream sauce topped with the best blue cheese). All the dishes are served tapas style which is perfect for sharing. Andrew Goodman and chef Stefan Bowers did a fabulous job creating a sexy restaurant with an amazing menu. I would definitely recommend this place for dates or a fun night out on the town..
<review# 1361,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2013,7/13/2013,63,69,2,5,3>Good variety of vendors, live music and food trucks in a small and cozy location. My family loves to stop in, grab a bite, do a bit of shopping and music listening before going to the Quarry shops we love or stopping at the theater for a quick flick. A recent trip bought us lunch (Winner Winner Chicken Dinner's chicken sandwich love), dinner for that night (delicious prepared Indian foods from a vendor from Houston) a most delicious glass of fresh lemonade and some fresh produce for the week. The only thing I would prefer is a bit more seating since the place is so food oriented. Overall, we are fans and it makes a nice change of pace in the farmers market scene.
<review# 1362,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2013,7/12/2013,34,352,2,2,4>A while back I once joked that Justin's couldn't make up their mind where they wanted to be located since they used to be on the Riverwalk near Commerce then relocated to N.Main next to Capparelli's after Saltgrass Steakhouse evicted them when they moved into Justin's former space.  Now Justin's moved back to the Riverwalk where Johnny Rockets' used to be.You have more choices at Justin's than at Baskin Robbins because options aren't just limited to ice cream.  You have sorbets, sherbets, yogurt and even gelatos to choose from.  My fave flavor is Mexican vanilla. Keep in mind Justin's gets packed with tourists visiting from out of town.  However it would be nice if they decided to expand and build more locations inside San Antonio so they can compete with the big corporate ice cream chain places like Baskin Robbins, Marble Slab and Cold Stone.  Justin's can be our answer to Amy's Ice Cream located 80 miles north up I-35 in Austin.
<review# 1363,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2013,5/12/2013,74,65,4,8,6>I hate giving them 5 stars because I feel like it's one of our city's best kept medical secrets.  AH Minor Emergency is the best, I mean best, small business in San Antonio.  Drs. Magoon and Guillory know their stuff, see you quickly, and really spend time talking to you and diagnosing you properly.  I can't say enough good things about the 6 or 7 experiences I've had with their office.Helpful hint: print off your paperwork online ahead of time to cut a couple minutes off your wait time.  I wish there were more doctors like Magoon and Guillory.
<review# 1364,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2013,5/11/2013,21,239,2,4,4>This was a fascinating, informative tour given by passionate craftsmen who are brewing some of the best beers I've ever had. And the whiskeys are a real surprise--I will definitely be picking up a couple bottles of the .36 Bourbon.I love seeing a local business doing great things, and the good folks at Ranger Creek are making magic in their little corner of this funky old warehouse district. It's exciting to see where this business is headed.God bless Ranger Creek and all who sail in her!
<review# 1365,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2012,5/10/2013,158,218,3,6,5>First, I want to comment about the staff - they are super friendly, very welcoming, and extremely helpful especially considering I am a new-comer to Garbanzo.  They carefully explained the menu and recommended that I try the platter (since it was my first time) so that I could easily sample all of the items on the line.  I was also impressed that even for such a new place to SA, the employees were knowledgeable about the company and its locations.  Overall, 5 stars for their impeccable service and friendliness!As for the food, sure it may look like a bunch of mushy stuff on a plate but each item (from the baba ganoush to the hummus) was so flavorful and delicious and had its own unique flavor that I found myself stuffing my pita pocket with every single item on my plate!  The rice had a really great flavor and their chicken was spiced perfectly.  Next time, I think I'll try a kabob plate!  Overall, 5 stars go to the delicious food that was easily able to provide me with lunch and dinner in that same day :)Perhaps the only constructive criticism I can give is to offer discounts or possibly lower the prices slightly.  For myself and my lunch partner, we had 2 lunch plates, 2 drinks, and a cup of Tomato Fetta Bisque (which was to DIE for by the way!) and our total came out to $28!!!  Considering they employ your typical fast food service-line set up (similar to Freebirds or Subway) the price sure wasn't reminiscent of fast food prices.  I still gave 5 stars based on the quality of the food and service because while the price isn't too big of a deal, I would just like to be able to eat here more often without breaking the bank :) Welcome to San Antonio, Garbanzo, and I hope you stick around for a long, long time!
<review# 1366,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2013,5/9/2013,18,125,2,12,5>Simply put: now one of the two best (the other being Sichuan Cuisine), if not the best, authentic Chinese restaurant in San Antonio. You have no idea how happy I am that this place opened up.  We went tonight and literally every dish over performed and, again, did I mention the place served authentic Chinese food?A few quick recommendations, which may change once I delve into their menu and the broader experienc on future trips:(1) To begin, you absolutely MUST get the Chinese menu.  I saw the non-Asians getting the Americanized Chinese menu.  So, unless you were flanked by Asians like I was or are Asian yourself, you will probably have to specifically ask for the Chinese menu.(2) Ask the server what fish dish he/she recommends.  We got some fish dish with basil in it and it was freakin' awesome.(3) Three words: snow pea leaves.  Get them.(4) The string beans are superb.  Get these too.(5) Be patient with the staff.  They just opened (as of the time of this review, i.e. early 2013) and so service isn't the fastest or the most attentive.  That said, this is an easy fix and I am confident they will do it soon, as the place was completely packed tonight.In short, SA is so fortunate to have another top notch authentic Chinese restaurant in town.  Given how the foodie scene seems to be developing in the city, I am excited to see what opens up next.
<review# 1367,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2013,5/8/2013,34,64,3,7,6>Its here! After about 3 years of planning, wrangling with city code and being badgered by passerby's, the Luxury has finally opened for business.So, what is it? Basically, a sandwich shop. More accurately put, its Andrew Weissman's sandwich shop. There are about 6 wich's available now. Lamb, Pork, Chicken, Fish, there's an option for everyone. Don't eat meat? There are salads available too as well as a handful of desserts. I ordered the Milanesa sandwich (breaded pork, roasted poblano pepper, avacado, onions and cheese) and a side of fries.The sandwich was messy as hell. Everything fell off the baguette and fell onto the plate. But I didn't care because it was really, really tasty. The bread was nice and crispy on the outside, soft on the inside. The pork was perfectly seasoned and the egg yolk was perfectly runny.All in all, a really freaking great sandwich.That isn't to say my experience was perfect. They had issues with the ordering system, the fries needed salt, some of the food didn't arrive until 12:15 or so and I was there for about 2.5 hours in total (yeah, yeah I know... not like I had anything else to do today). That said, those are all opening day kinks that'll be worked out in the coming week or so.All in all, I've gotta say, The Luxury is a really welcome addition to the neighborhood and I see myself hitting it up regularly as a starting place for an evening out.
<review# 1368,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2013,5/7/2013,125,290,7,14,11>Big Hops Growler Station has an awesome concept.  A place to get some amazing craft beer (most of them unavailable in bottles) on tap to take and enjoy at home?  Why didn't I think of this??To start, you can pick out either a Growler or the smaller Howler bottle complete with swing top.  Then you can sample any of the beers they offer and choose which one you want much more of.  The first time (and second) I picked the Live Oak Hefeweizen and when I got home and poured myself a glass, it was as if it was straight outta the tap with a fresh taste and sizeable head.  Finished the bottle three days later and while not as fresh, it was anything but flat.  Their selection rotates whenever a keg is emptied which I love.  I'm constantly watching their FB feed to see what's new.  I've heard whispers of Big Hops possibly franchising and if that's true, there is a spot right across from my apartment I can recommend..
<review# 1369,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2013,5/6/2013,67,64,2,4,4>This is hands down the BEST Thai restaurant in San Antonio.  What makes them stellar, is that they deliver! We order in Chongco 3-4 times a month. Their food is fresh and full of flavor.  The summer rolls are the best I have ever had. They are so fresh they almost fall apart as you eat them. Another wonderful dish is their Haw Moak.  The seafood combination of fresh mussels, calamari, and shrimp in a curry broth is the perfect comfort food. Goong Op is another delicious dish.  I love the glass noodles and flavorful ginger in this pot. It is light yet full of flavor. If you're looking for fresh, fast, and delicious Thai food, this is absolutely the best choice.
<review# 1370,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2013,5/5/2013,139,107,4,6,4>CHISPA CHISPA CHISPA!I am a complete margarita snob.  The Chispa at Mirasol is a margarita that I look forward to having.  It is all handmade from fresh ingredients and is aptly named after a spark.  The food at Mirasol is always amazing with great flavor.  Ordering fish at a Mexican restaurant usually makes me nervous but their salmon is SO tasty.  The fajitas are splendid and the queso... ah I could go on about individual menu items for days... Let me make this short by saying that I have not had anything bad from their menu yet.
<review# 1371,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2013,5/4/2013,119,309,2,2,2>When it comes to TexMex in San Antonio Mi Tierra is a standard bearer. We got there just before the dinner rush took off on a Friday. I walk in and I am beset between two grandiose bars. One on my left was an old-fashioned cantina-style bar complete with hand carved wooden scuptures, taps and rows of bottles behind it. The one on my right glass and metal and was chock-full every kind of pastry imaginable. As we were escorted to our table I couldn't help but notice all of the lights and reflective decorations. It felt a little like I was between the branches on a Christmas tree. After seating we were met by our server. Who got our drink order and returned promptly to get our food order. I chose a combo plate so I could really get a good sampling of what they offered. The food got to us in record time, and it was delicious. The ground beef for the tacos was very well seasoned. The chile con carne atop the cheese enchilada and the tamale was perfect. And of course they used the San Antonio trade mark red corn tortillas. Everything was very well done. I finished my meal and didn't have room foe.desert, although I was tempted. Instead I picked out some pastries for later. Those too tasted as good as they looked. I definitely will go back!
<review# 1372,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2013,5/3/2013,89,86,4,8,4>This place is where you go when you feel like a taste of authentic Nawlins cookin'. Red beans n rice, check. Gumbo, check. Jambalaya, check. They have all the spicy staples you crave when your taste buds need a jump start.I have tried many things on the menu from their crab bisque, to the various Po' Boy sammiches and everything in between including the stellar mac n cheese. I have yet to try something that was not DELICIOUS. This is one of those few places that make comfort food better than yo momma!The sides here are hardly something that "come with your meal" b/c they truly stand on their own merit. This also includes the desserts. Normally I don't have enough room for the sweet stuff when I come here BUT every once in a while, I'll strategically allot stomach space for something tasty like pie.Mostly though, I love coming here b/c its one of the few places where I can order ANYTHING from the menu and know that it will be great. I highly recommend you come and find out for yourself though.
<review# 1373,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2011,4/18/2012,153,232,4,4,4>Was down on the southside and I needed to pick up some tacos to take in to the office.  Searched yelp and found this place around the corner.  I read Curtis C's review and i knew I had to try this place out.  I walked in and perused the taco menu.  They have everything that you can think of.  I love chicarron so I ordered that for myself and a smorgasboard of other tacos for my office.  Well suffice to say I was the hero around the office that day.  Not only had I brought Tacos...I had brought some of the best tacos they had ever had.  Keep it up Ric-Ron you made me look like a champ!
<review# 1374,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2011,4/17/2012,11,136,1,5,3>This is not a five star sushi restaurant, but that is not what they are going for. It is a nice place to stop in and get some fresh sushi that tastes great.The first time you go here it is a bit intimidating because you have no idea how to "build" your own. they were very patient with me and pretty helpful on the selections.I love the fact that fruit is a large part of what they offer as one of your options to go in the roll. Strawberry and mango taste fantastic with avocado and tuna.It isn't a huge selection of ingredients, but it is nice enough to try quite a few different combinations. It is also AFFORDABLE!!  we bought two ten piece rolls and two waters for $14. It is definitely a type of place where to grab a quick lunch or order it to go.Much better than the HEB sushi that you are tempted to buy just because you are craving it!! Try it out!!
<review# 1375,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2011,4/16/2012,165,85,2,5,2>I restrained myself from reviewing this place last year (I'd been calling it 'La Glorified' to anyone who asked), but after my 2nd visit, I've been converted to a fan.Thankfully, they did away with that atrocious, casual-dining Pei Wei-style ordering system ('But it's typical for an Ice House!' I can already hear them proclaiming) and replaced it with traditional wait-staff.  Indeed, I counted at least 15 different servers on the crowded Saturday afternoon I went.The portions were larger than last time and the drinks were stiffer.  Ahhh.  They got the message somehow.Better said, the Tlayuda ('Mexican Pizza') was so huge that the waiter had to push another table next to mine in order to have it fit.The details of the dishes were memorable.  The Pollo Negro Panucho was topped with red onions soaked in lime juice, salt and chiles, giving a hint of ceviche in every bite.I can't imagine eating here on a regular basis, as I do not live in the neighborhood.  But even my dining partner, a foodie visiting from Austin (and we all know how serious Austinites are with food), was equally impressed.
<review# 1376,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2011,4/15/2012,44,176,4,5,4>I found this place on Yelp! I had no idea this place was across the street from AAA freight. Boy was I excited. Now I have two places within walking distance of each other. The restaurant has a big parking lot in the back and the front door is facing S. Presa. I got a to go order for me and my family. The restaurant was practically vacant when I walked in. It was 4 o'clock on a Saturday . It was blazing hot and I'm sure everyone was waiting till the evening to arrive here. I ordered a few tacos picadillo, caranitas, and carne guisada.  I also ordered the Torres plate included two enchiladas, one chicken taco, rice, beans , and two flour tortillasThe 5 star rating is for the very generous amount of meat in the tacos and the flour tortillas. Taco Haven LIVES Up to it's name. The flour tortillas are the best i ever had. My grandma actually makes the best, but taco haven is pretty Darn close. I did not enjoy the carne guisada. It had a great gravy and the meat was very tender.  The flavor was something that was very different then what I'm use to.  I think they left out the bell pepper. I noticed the meat had a sliver of celery. I've never seen that before in carne guisada. Other then thatThe picadillo was excellent !!!!! Paired with that soft, warm, and buttery tortilla.... Ooh my goodness!!! ((Melting right now)))The enchiladas had a great sauce and the right amount of cheese. The rice and beans were really good. The Carnitas  taco were really good too.I will definitely be back for breakfast.
<review# 1377,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2011,4/14/2012,99,42,3,5,4>What a wonderful experience!!! Took over the old Oloroso in Southtown. We've come across the place a few times & each time it has been completely packed so we decided to see what all the fuss was about. Cute spot with awesome Ikea-like furniture. Lots of white, lacquer & bling! Super trendy wall art! They have a separate dining part as well as a full bar for those just looking to have a few drinks. We had a few cocktails & an app prior to our visit, we were just lookin to check it out. We stumbled in around 8pm on a Thursday evening. They were totally happenin! We wanted to sit outside however all the tables were full so we were immediately seated inside. Everyone was so friendly and one of the owners took the time to introduce himself & tell us a little bit about the restaurant. They have a super cute cocktail menu which I will have to come back and try. I was having a hankering for a glass of white wine so I had a Pinot Grigo and my honey had a Cabernet. We snacked on the creamy cilantro mussels & the brussel sprouts. The mussels were good but it was the cilantro cream sauce that made the dish! The brussel sprouts were amazing!! Who knew that brussel sprouts could be so yummy! Service was awesome! Super friendly & helpful. The waiter informed us that ther are going to start serving brunch! The chef even felt that the mussels took too long to come out that he sent us a complimentary desert. We had the bread pudding and O....M...G.. it was delicious. My fiancee always kids around and says that bread pudding is just the week old bread (which I believe there may be some truth to that) but this was thee most amazing bread pudding I've ever had in my life! It is infused with bits of tobacco. YES you heard right TOBACCO then served a la mode with raspberry ice cream. Freakin amazing :) I will definitely be back!
<review# 1378,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2011,4/13/2012,34,173,,9,5>Pupusas and Yuca Frita!  Simple fried goodness on a plate.This is the best Central American place I've found in San Antonio - a lot fresher and a lot more consistent than anything else.The place is located along a modest-looking strip mall next to a Don and Ben's Liquor.  The interior is pretty clean and updated despite the outside look, and you'll see a lot of that reflected in the food.We immediately noticed that when the yuca frita (similar to fried potatoes) came served on a banana leaf plate.  It's the attention to detail that really adds the finishing touch.  Even if the decor doesn't matter, you can't argue with the taste.  They're the recommended appetizer for any meal, even if they do cost twice as much as the pupusas you should order them with (they're still only about $4). Pupusas are basically thick fried corn tortillas, fried together with white quesillo cheese from Central America -- which will maintain a nice melty gooey texture rather than congealing like more local cheeses.  The pupusas can also contain beans, veggies, and almost any kind of meat.  Atlacatl has almost every option -- chicken, shrimp, beef -- sadly, they're only missing chicharron bacon.  Still, what they do have really hits the spot.  The loroco pupusas have cheese and sauteed greens with just amazing flavors.  The pupusas de pollo are really good especially with the perfect ratio of quesillo to chicken.Since we had a kgbdeal, we also ordered a plate of bistec salvadoreno, which was soft and perfectly cooked, though the sauce on top tasted more like Asian food than anything I've tasted in Central America before.  Still, served with the signature EXTRA THICK (!) Salvadoran corn tortillas, the dinner entrees are worth a shot if you're in the mood.Overall, this family-owned restaurant (the brothers are waiter and chef, respectively) shows a lot of pride in every single aspect of their restaurant, from the authenticity of their traditional Salvadoran food to the wide selection of aguafrescas (fresh fruit-filled juices).  I look forward to coming back and trying their Sopa de Mondongo.
<review# 1379,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2012,4/12/2012,397,255,2,8,7>This place is Awesome!! My wife, and I came here for our 13th wedding anniversary. I had been wanting to try this place for some time now. I was very impressed by how nice Silo was; probably one of the nicest restaurants I have been to in a while. The bar is on the bottom floor; you take the elevator to the dinning room on second over looking 1604 and the hill country. We arrived late for our 6pm reservation, but it was not a problem they sat us with less than a 5 minuet wait. For starters we tried the signature chicken fried oysters. I really liked them I wish I would have gotten 2 orders. Yes, they were that good. My wife and I ordered the Prixe Fixe dinner; a 3 course meal for $29. We both got salads; they were not the type of salads we were use to. My Cesar salad was a on romaine lettuce leaf with dressing on it with shredded cheese on top of it. Strange, but it tasted good. We both ordered the pan roasted chicken breast for our entrees. Now this plate hit the spot, the chicken breast was cook, and seasoned to perfection. The side of mashed potatoes were so good I wanted to lick rest of them off the plate, but I couldn't I was at Silo Elevated Cuisine an upscale restaurant, and not Bill Miller BBQ. :( For dessert my wife order the toasted coconut pie, and I ordered the dark chocolate truffle mousse both were great.The service at Silo was great our waiter was helpful, and friendly. Overall I really did enjoy my romantic date night with my wife at Silo. The food, service, and atmosphere of Silo Elevated Cuisine is awesome. Like something off the movies. I really recommend it, and will return very soon. I give Silo Elevated Cuisine 5 Stars have your next romantic date here...
<review# 1380,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2012,4/11/2012,4,26,9,8,9>Yum! I went for my first course on the buffet, my eyes wide with desire, and found myself strutting back to the table with an amazingly fresh salad. The salad bar is stocked full of a variety of dressings, veggies, nuts, and more.For my next plate, I went to the grill to ask for a steak, where, without having to wait very long in line, they had a perfectly cooked medium well chunk with my name on it. I then carefully chose my sides, which consequently were delightfully fluffy stuffing, grilled veggies, and corn on the cob.At this point, I knew that if I were to have room for dessert that this was the time to go for it. The dessert table had an array of delights that were incredibly hard to choose between. I did however settle on the Furr's Famous Millionaire Pie and a scrumptious scoop of berry granola crunch.I very much wanted to go back for more of that incredible dessert, but there was no way I could fit anymore food into my satisfied belly. The service was good. I liked the fact that the servers had nearby stations from which to get drinks and other things quickly. Overall it was a great experience.
<review# 1381,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2011,4/10/2012,31,144,3,4,4>Okay I will start with the fact I love meat and all things non-vegetarian.  So this is not coming from a person who typically eats "green".  But in the spirit of Yelp I felt I need to go out and try new restaurants - or at least new to me.Love, Love, Love the sweet potato fries.  I am a connoisseur  of this particular item and I have never had better sweet potato fries.  If nothing else come here to get a side of these.  They are getting cold and I still cannot stop eating them.  So utterly yummy.For the main portion of my meal I opted for a portabello mushroom burger covered in sauteed onions and some yummy sauce that gives you a kick of heat when you are not expecting it.  The staff are so friendly and the lady who helped me with my order, sorry I was bad and did not get her name, kept calling me "love" and it totally fit with the place.  So thank you for making me feel so welcome.  The inside is larger than you think when you look from the outside and they have an outside seating area.  I will warn you parking is hard to come by.In talking with the kind people there they stated that they are pretty slow for breakfast (9-11) and then it gets busy around noon until after one.  So go early or late - but you must go.I hope you enjoy Green as much as I did.
<review# 1382,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2011,4/9/2012,101,63,3,4,4>I went to grade school in Houston from 3rd through 5th grade, and 4th grade was dedicated to Texas history. We really should have spent the year living in San Antonio and going to this museum, since the sole focus is all things Texas. Affiliated with the University of Texas at San Antonio, ITC is housed in a pretty cool mid-century looking building on the grounds of Hemisfair Park with the city's signature Tower of the Americas in the background. One might expect a general focus on cowboys and the Alamo, but the museum strives to showcase why the state is such a melting pot. Among some cool artifacts is a hearse that's rumored to be haunted, and probably the coolest rendition of the state flag in neon. Every year, ITC hosts two big draws: the Asian festival in February and the Texas Folk Life festival, which feature food, dance, and a bevy of vendors showcasing their various wares. As of late, the museum is also hosting other events such as a Dance of the Dead Halloween party and a Toy Day that tied in with the new Texan Toy exhibit as well as helped collect toys for needy children. There are also art and photography exhibits of local artists. With all this activity, ITC provides a little something for all ages, tourists and locals alike.
<review# 1383,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2011,4/15/2011,43,88,2,5,2>Great place near UTSA campus and UTHSCSA. Was gonna eat at Souper Salad and happened see this place. Was a bit skeptical at first since you pay first before you are seated. Service was great. Not like the scary-ass service at China Sea where they stand next to you and watch you eat and converse. Fooking weird! Great selection of your typical fare of Chinese food but have some other interesting food as well like fungus soup and some dim sum. The sushi was very good and eye-pleasing. They also have a stir fry station just like at China Harbor off 281. Awesome place to have lunch. Total is $8.11 with tax during lunch hours!
<review# 1384,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2011,4/14/2011,38,493,1,4,2>I almost wish there was a six-star option for the Guenther House Restaurant.  The entire experience is simply terrific and not to be missed if you visit or live in San Antonio.The Guenther House is the 1860 (with additions in the 1910s) home of the family that founded the Pioneer mill adjacent to the Guenther Home.  The place has been restored and now serves as the restaurant, a museum and a store.The breakfast menu is heavy on carbs and light on protein since it features Pioneer products.  My wife had biscuits and gravy that were delicious.  I enjoyed breakfast tacos, and while the meal was tasty (and the tortillas were amazing), I think I'd go with something else next time.  My brother had the waffle and said it was the finest he'd ever had--it was melt-in-your-mouth goodness.  The restaurant is more than just a place to eat.  The history is evident around every corner, plus it's a terrific San Antonio experience.  Located on the new portion of the riverwalk in King William, you can enjoy a coffee and stroll the grounds while waiting for your turn in the restaurant.  Many people choose to eat outside in the wonderful arbor, but we ate in a stately, paneled  room in part of the original home.  It was a terrific breakfast worth repeating!
<review# 1385,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2010,4/13/2011,74,299,1,2,1>This is possibly the best non-fast food dining option in the N-St Mary's area.  The entrees might not be made by any top chefs, but you will get to enjoy your very reasonably priced food in an eclectic atmosphere.  First, the food:  it's consistent and usually comes with a salad (which seems rare these days).  They have a small assortment of cakes on display and a bar constantly serving up coffee, beer, and wine.  They could serve liquor, but I'm unsure.Now, the atmosphere:  I'm not terribly familiar with central San Antonio, but it seems that this area has a few gay clubs which is representative of the patrons here.  The interior of Candlelight is homely and has the definite feel of a coffeehouse.  Board games and books are available to use.  The patio seats just as many as inside and I saw a couple cats while I was out there.All in all, this is a great place at night to pop in and get a warm drink and dessert or have a pleasant with a couple friends.Expect to spend $20-30 for a couple during dinnertime.
<review# 1386,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2011,4/12/2011,125,331,3,4,3>Just got back from our first show tonight and had to let everyone know about it.  For a local theater running their own productions, this place was TOTALLY awesome!  The cast was not a touring cast but local talent instead.  If you didn't read the program you wouldn't have known it though - they are simply that talented. Even the sound, the lights, and the sets were awesome.  I really have to give kudos to the group of people that are running this place - they have put a LOT of work into it.Now for the boring stuff:The theater was very clean, seats comfortable, bathrooms clean, staff friendly, and parking - eh, well parking is something else.  We parked a couple of blocks down in the HEB parking lot.  No big deal though.  They sell beer, wine, sodas, popcorn and candy in the front lobby area.  One final thing and then I'll wrap this one up - our original ticket dates were scrapped because my wife caught the flu a couple of days before the show.  I called the box office and explained this and they made arrangements for my tickets to be shifted to a later date.  Gotta appreciate customer service like that!!!  Keep up the good work WLT!P.S. - Rocky Horror Show coming to Woodlawn Theater this October, 2011!  You gotta check it out!
<review# 1387,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2010,4/11/2011,27,81,1,7,2>I was led here by all of the signs on Thousand Oaks announcing the new Thai restaurant.  It's located in a strip mall, but don't be turned off.  Walking in, the ambiance is a bit too dark for my taste but comfy and inviting.  We were greeted and seated promptly.  I ordered the nam sod and hubby got the num prik pao with pork.  Both dishes were ordered as a medium spicy to be safe.  I ended up adding chili sauce to both dishes.Nam sod was a nice mix of veggies to ground pork and hit all of the usual Thai notes of sweet, spicy, salty and sour.  I did notice this was a bit more gingery than other places which I actually enjoyed.  The num prik pao was also lovely with pork, veggies and toasted cashews in a red chili paste.  The brown rice here has a wonderful nutty flavor and is cooked to perfection!We both loved the food at this new establishment as well as the prompt and courteous waitstaff.  Can't wait to try their other dishes!
<review# 1388,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2011,4/10/2011,17,79,2,6,2>Okay, I was under the impression that chama gaucha was as good as it got but, this place is up there with Chama. I feel that the meats and salad bar are better here but, the sides were not. Explanation: the following is my comparison of the two resteraunts. This place had a really fancy atmosphere with a lady on a swinging trapeeze type of thing for entertainment. Unlike other places, it was seperated off into sections so, it didn't feel like my boyfriend and I were completely out in the open. Salad bar was awesome.. Chama guacha times ten. There were all of the usuals plus: whole strips of bacon, awesome sauteed mushrooms,sushi, slices of salami, raw tuna steak, various types of cheeses, and best of all.. the lobster bisque!Drinks were good. I got the rasberry caipirinha (brazilian mojito type drink). Super good and strong (which I guess is why the glasses are so small). I noticed the drinks are more expensive (as well as the meals) than chama.The cuts of meat were very flavorful and different from the usuals that I get at the other Brazilian steakhouses. It was cool to try the barbeque sauce smothered ribs, and the lamb chops were awesome! The sides were lacking. I didn't like the fried bananas here.. I prefer the caramelized sugar as opposed to sugar poured ALL OVER the top of the bananas. The mashed potatoes were so-so and the rolls were just not good. Too chewy and not cheesy enough (chama's are sooo good!).Overall, it was still amazing and better than chama, I just wish their rolls weren't so crappy! P.S. don't show up without reservations.
<review# 1389,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2011,4/9/2011,51,79,1,4,1>I'm definitely a fan of this place.  Having been spoiled with great Mediterranean food in California, I was excited when my roommate introduced me to Pasha.Food: Let's just say that I always leave with a to-go box.  The portions are large and the complimentary fresh flat bread with the delicious olive oil-spice mixture always make my tummy happy.  I am such a fan of the complimentary bread that I often eat that to the point that when my real meal comes, I don't have room for more (and so I get to make that an extra meal - score!).  I recommend the falafel wrap, but honestly, the food selection is great, so go and eat to your heart's delight.Service: Friendly staff.  When I've sat inside, never really had a problem with service; however, I sat outside once and the service was pretty slow. It can get pretty busy, but I'd like to think of that as a plus, attesting to its popularity among those with good taste.Ambiance: Clean, brightly lit interior with comfortable seating.  If you want something more intimate, there is outside seating on their patio.Pricing: Reasonably priced, esp given the amount of food that you get.Summary: Good quality food in ample portions for a reasonable price.
<review# 1390,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2010,4/8/2011,150,84,3,4,4>This place was formerly a coffee shop and then Spice Rack Deli.  It's in a great location that seems to be jinxed.  Get your car washed, shoes shined, haricut, and grab a great meal.Initially when I walked in there was a smoke smell (not from cigarettes but as you would smell in an old diner) that didn't inspire confidence.Then I ordered.  The owner informed me that they were out of hoagies, so asked if he could have the philly cheesesteak made on whole wheat.  I complied.I ordered Philly Cheesesteak with half an order of sweet potato fries and a tea.The sandwich is incredible!  I ordered it "dirty" which here means with bacon and jalapenos.  They brought it out with a fork and after one bite I knew why.  It's a mess!  But delicious.I'll be sure to eat here when I need to get my car washed and plug my computer in to get some work done.  A very efficient and tasty lunch indeed!(I did deduct a star for the smell and unfinished appearance.  This will be updated likely once they have an official grand opening.)
<review# 1391,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2010,4/7/2011,63,117,1,4,2>San Antonio may be lacking in its offering of diverse ethnic restaurants, in Indian cuisine however it is not. Though I'm flattered my review of Indian Palace was an ROTW, it came at at an untimely manner, just a "few days" before my review of Bombay Hall. Bombay Hall brings a few more diverse dishes prepared with the same if not better caliber than Palace, such as the goat curry and excellent curry beef meatball. The servers bring freshly made naan to the table, which we were never left without and all this (dinner) for $10 (tip not included). Just like Indian Palace you get a punch card and receive your 7th meal on the house. Although, I question if it's an attainable goal, perhaps an easy feat  for the Indian cuisine enthuses out there.
<review# 1392,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2010,4/6/2011,220,318,1,2,2>Finally made it to Tre, and...I think this may be my favorite Dady spot.I had an Italian lunch here:  that is, I leisurely dined on fresh, flavorful food, then finished with a capuccino. The atmosphere is nice, but it positively encourages you to relax and enjoy yourself.The Refresher is a dangerously delicious cocktail. The perfect afternoon-on-a-patio choice. (I LOVE how Dady's as serious about his drinks as he is about his food.)I enjoyed the fig pizza as a light lunch option.The Nutella x3 dessert is, of course, amazing, but it felt a little rich for lunch. Next time I'll have it after dark with a red wine....it's la dolce vita! ....right here in San Antonio.
<review# 1393,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2010,6/5/2011,153,232,4,7,4>After reading all of my fellow yelpers finding their food and drink bliss I had to go check Max's out myself.  The question is why did I wait so long?  The Sunday brunch is heavenly and as my wife said food nirvana.  Start with a mimosa either OJ or grapefruit juice or both if you are so inclined.  Then sit back and get ready to loosen your belt cause you are about to get your grub on.I ordered the Pan Borracho and the Max and cheese for the table to try.  Wow the pan borracho was incredible.  A mix between an egg casserole and quiche but with a subtle wine undertone.  In a word delectable!  Next was the Max & cheese.  This is definitely not your grandma's mac & cheese.  Truffle cream, mozzarella, white cheddar, cotija and grana padano mixed with cavatappi to form a near perfect symphony.  I saved some items on the menu for next time including the chicken & waffles, creme brulee french toast, and red velvet pancakes.  Well maybe it will take more than one visit to try it all!  I will certainly be returning soon to sample some more of there delectable fare.
<review# 1394,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2010,6/4/2011,190,18,1,5,2>There are so few neighborhood places where you can get good food and sit outside and watch people walk by. This is a kitschy space with character that serves real, honest-to-goodness hotdogs, Chicago style. I have a large family, several of whom are vegetarians, and Kings Court offers a wide variety of veggie dogs. For dessert, I like the bottle of Mexican Coca Cola.
<review# 1395,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2010,6/3/2011,305,113,2,5,4>Only reason I don't give this park 5 stars is because the parking is horrendous - but that's because its so popular!! The running trails are great- ranging from concrete/asphalt paved to crushed granite. There is still ongoing construction as the park is still under development. The growing pains are worth it! Definitely check out this fantastic addition to our local parks!
<review# 1396,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2010,6/2/2011,75,101,4,6,7>Soy Y Luna is doing all kinds of right. I've read the reviews and I've drooled over the pictures for so long and I cannot believe that it took me as long as it did to actually get in there and get a taste of something wonderful. The Moon And The Stars did not fail me, in fact it was quite the opposite. I had planned a lasagna at home and decided to drop in and grab some bread to go with dinner. I wasn't expecting my sweet tooth to start yelling at me as soon as I walked in the door, but it did. Sweet TEETH I should say. Honestly, I was a bit nervous being that we walked in after work, so right after 5:00 and they still had a nice offering of different breads (Normally, that late in the day, it's hard to find a great, fresh tasting loaf). I need to add that the smell of fresh baked breads and treats almost knocks you off your feet when you walk in, which is lovely. I chose the tomatoe/pesto flat bread, but also found myself trying diligently to decide which desserts I would choose. We ended up walking out with a red velvet cupcake, chocolate cookie and bread. Everything was beyond amazing and when I say amazing, I really mean it blew any other breads that I have ever consumed  (I have consumed many) out of the water. It was tender, fresh and the herbs & seasoning was perfect. There wasn't any part of this bread that wasn't consumed by my honey and I throughout the weekend. The cupcake and the cookie were magical and I do believe I may have heard angels sing when I tasted the chocolate cookie, which was almost a cross between a cookie and a brownie (I NEED another). Go here. Taste their offerings and taste them often. You will not be disappointed. Aliyah K. is spot on when she said that no bread would have been better than the bread from the grocery store after having the bread at Sol Y Luna. I'll be back, most likely today after work & I'll plan only on bread, but I won't leave only with bread. You can pretty much put money on that!
<review# 1397,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2010,6/1/2011,69,69,3,2,2>The service was a little indifferent and the menu is definitely greasy spoon...but given the low price and the tastiness, I'll definitely be back at some point (probably for breakfast).I came for a quick weeknight dinner and had a sirloin steak (which came with a choice of 2 sides) and one of the Mr. Tim's rolls. Yummy tasting but not really very good for my waistline.My only complaint was the continuous loop of Christmas carols that played while I was eating there (note: I hope Bing Crosby died a horrible, painful death) but, hey, it is Christmas time.
<review# 1398,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2010,5/31/2011,117,143,9,10,7>Tip: bring a lawnchair if you're going during peak meal times. It's hit or miss, but if there's a crowd they may be out of seating. Although they did just add a nice wood picnic table...Tip: Tin Can Tacos is CASH ONLY (for obvious reasons).Tip: Get some chips and salsa while you're waiting for your tacos.I was going to write this review after having eaten here once, but I decided to visit Tin Can Tacos twice in 6 days just to be sure. Ya know what? I may have to go again this weekend.I know what you're thinking, and the answer is "yes! it's that friggin' good!"Manny (the owner/chef/taco king) is a taco MASTER. Definitely come a knockin' because this trailer is ROCKIN'! He knows exactly what he's doing with the unique flavor in every amazing bite.The first time I went I pretty much tried every taco he has. By "pretty much" I mean definitely. Yes. Every. Taco. The verdict? Flawless.This time I had to conquer the elusive yet peculiar Trash Can Burrito. I'd tell you it was delicious, but that's a gross understatement. It's all the delicious meats Manny can mash into one flour tortilla, along with rice and the delicious cilantro awesomesauce. I'm making up words because the English language falls short sometimes. And this is one of those times.Tin Can Tacos' sign is getting bigger: they have two vinyl posters up now, but keep an eye out for the Tiller's Automotive sign on the East side of Bandera Road just outside Loop 1604 and pull into the driveway.Great. Now I'm hungry again...
<review# 1399,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2010,5/30/2011,168,80,1,1,1>YUMMY!  A friend and I were on a quest for some delicious Thai.  I jumped on Yelp and found great reviews for YaYa's.  The reviews were on point!  The food is scrumptious, and the service was top notch.  I'm boring when it comes to Thai so I ordered the beef fried rice, egg rolls, and pork wontons... all delicious... so delicious in fact, that I left with a full on food baby.  The prices were affordable, and they had a nice variety on the menu.  Try it, you'll like it!
<review# 1400,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2010,5/29/2011,34,173,1,1,1>Hot sauce!  Seriously, I think I added two stars to this review based on thinking about the bottle of delicious hot sauce.  It looks weird, but mmm.The food is good.  I don't think it's near the top of my list of San Antonio tacos, but if someone brought some of their breakfast tacos into work, I would still probably take two.  I can say, the beef is good, the eggs are good, the potatoes are good, everything on the plate was good, and the portions are reasonable.  But travelling downtown for breakfast takes a bit of a journey for me, and I was a little underwhelmed, given the reviews.  But then again, HOT SAUCE!
<review# 1401,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2010,5/28/2011,285,293,3,4,2>If you love Cappy's but not the snootiness, go to Cappyccino's.It's right in front of Cappy's, but more casual. The food is sandwiches, salads, and pizzas. Get a dessert crepe. Share it, preferably with your date. This is the perfect date restaurant. The majority of the tables are small booths, so it's conducive to eating for two.The extremely extensive drink menu is everything from hard alcohol to beer. If you're into nightcaps, this is a great place for that.You can also order some of the food from Cappy's here. I love the Kobe burger, but with fries, so I ask for the fries from Cappy's. No problem.
<review# 1402,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2010,5/27/2011,211,97,5,9,6>Brunch, as defined by a character on the Simpsons: "It's not quite breakfast, it's not quite lunch, but it comes with a slice of cantaloupe at the end." Well, my friends - Sunday brunch at Las Canarias is SO MUCH MORE, though I did have some cantaloupe at the end.After picking up a groupon for Las Canarias, a girlfriend and I decided to try the famous Sunday brunch. Though we'd both heard and dreamed of it, at $38 per person, Sunday brunch is a pricey meatball. We made reservations for noon, but still waited about 20 minutes for our table once we arrived. The place was packed, so reservations are highly recommended.After we were seated, our server arrived promptly and, after an enthusiastic "yes please" from us, he started us on our mimosas. They were served with a slight twist, as instead of adding just orange juice to our champagne, it was a mix of yuzu (a Japanese citrus fruit) and Grey Goose vodka. Yep, that mixes up to being pretty freakin' good. The drinks became a little slow to refresh, since our server became busy as there was so much emphasis on turning the tables around once customers left, but that didn't stop me from having more than a few of those sweet sweet mimosas. Each time he came by our table, he topped our glasses off. 'Atta boy.After we'd received our drinks, we got up and perused the area. There were three different areas that were set up for brunch. The first (main) area for serving was had some breakfast food (including eggs benedict, waffles, great french toast, and very tasty biscuits with chorizo gravy), some lunch food (amazing cheesy potatoes au gratin, caprese salad), a cheese selection, quiche, fresh and dried fruit, raw oysters, smoked salmon, and so much more. My personal favorites were the carving station (which had delightfully tender prime rib), a stone-fruit polenta, and shots of butternut squash soup (rich and slightly sweet). In the next section of the restaurant was a dessert bar, from which I tasted the richest chocolate cheesecake I'd ever had. I could only handle one bite, but that bite was pretty great. The third area, a station for bananas flambe, was near our table. I stared at it through my whole meal and was so excited when I finally got to step up to the plate. It definitely did not disappoint. Bananas, butter, rum, brown sugar, lit on fire then poured on top of ice cream... what about any of that sounds bad? It was totally super-duper. Oh, there was also a chocolate fountain sitting next to a big bowl of house-made marshmallows. That was pretty amazing too.Delightful, attentive, friendly service, a wonderfully decadent atmosphere, and an all you can eat brunch with all you can drink mimosas (is that a dare? it sounded like a dare to me). When I can afford this, or when I can convince somebody to treat me to it, I will definitely be going back for another round of brunch. However, next time I'll probably arrange my schedule so I can take a nap immediately after finishing.
<review# 1403,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2013,1/9/2013,133,93,3,5,3>This is a fun little cosmetic store.  I like it because they carry a wide array of products and brands.  Honestly, I have never heard of any of the brands before visiting this location but I am not a huge make-up on a daily basis kind of girl.  Anyways, every time I come here I am looking for something very specific and wanting to get the products and the skills to achieve a certain look.  The ladies that work here not only know their products, they take the time to show you how to apply them - which is just what I need, a little guidance.  The prices are a little expensive but as the saying goes you get what you pay for, and the products here are high quality.  I will be back with my next perplexing makeup question and I'm sure they will have the perfect solution!
<review# 1404,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2012,1/8/2013,245,102,13,13,10>I was beyond thrilled when  the Bakery Lorraine storefront opened, and made a mad dash over there to try it out, except I'm lazy and just now writing this review.Before, I'd stalk the table at the Quarry Farmer's Market, but now Jeremy and Anne have created a gorgeous little shop where I can get my fill of their delicious little macarons.  I've had many other of their offerings, but let's be honest:  I'm here for the macarons.  I wish I could narrow it down to a favorite beyond the lemon, but everything is just so dang good.  They're not too large (like you often find) or too sweet (which is too easy to do) but just the perfect little 3 bite treat.  They have created the Goldilocks macarons.  Don't even waste your time on a single macaron.  You're just going to want more.  Go ahead and get the 6 pack, try out every flavor in the case, and pick your favorite.  Then come back for even more.
<review# 1405,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2012,1/7/2013,15,129,4,5,4>We were a bit dubious of all the good ratings here, thinking that maybe it was the Yelp hype machine in effect. Turns out, this bakery/truck is easily worthy of 6 stars!What's great about Society is not just their perfectly textured cake mix, but the flavors. Each one had a distinct flavor to it. For example, the Oreo cupcake tasted like an Oreo milkshake of sorts. The Italian Creme had a strong but delightful taste of almonds, and the salted caramel was just plain amazing. The glob of caramel in the middle did a great job of not being too sickeningly sweet. We also had a red velvet, which was great, but not exactly the flavor we normally expect in red velvet. Be aware that we arrived at 2pm and the truck was closing already. The owner said that he closes around 2pm now for the summer.
<review# 1406,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2012,1/6/2013,90,93,2,5,3>Brunch Review:Arriving within 15min of opening we scored an outdoor shaded (next to the front of the building) table for four.  The main draw was the Bloody Marie's and the great location, so we started with two BMs and one Duchess. All were superb. The wait between the seating/ordering/drink arriving was quick and some tasty little corn muffins appeared to keep our tummies from rumbling. When the wait for the food hit 30min we ordered a side of bacon! Oh the bacon was divine sweet candied chewy pork goodness. We inhaled out order and looked around for more. On to our second BM and Duchess and getting antsy about the service.  Total wait was close to an hour after ordering. Pretty sure the kitchen lost our order as we saw other table turn over while we sat and drooled. Our waitress was wonderful.When our meals arrived we were very very pleased. I ordered the Eggs in Hell and my two friends got the SA breakfast and Farmers breakfast. We had asked to have a side of the 'in Hell' sauce for the SA breakfast and it made it over the top good!Beware of the bathroom lighting. Arrive within 30 of opening on Sunday for brunch. Order the bacon as a appetizer.I'm coming back. Soon.
<review# 1407,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2012,1/5/2013,31,93,2,5,2>I started getting my eyebrows threaded in college and am so glad that I have found a place in San Antonio that is not an out-in-the-open kiosk (makes me feel like a circus spectacle!), is reasonably priced, and hasn't messed up my brows. Just Stringz is tucked away by Macy's in The Shops at La Cantera and the wait hasn't been long anytime that I have gone there (weekends usually).The employees are courteous and also very efficient. They are pros at shaping brows and the process is fairly quick - 15 minutes tops. Eyebrow threading costs $12. I will continue to go to Just Stringz for all my brow needs!
<review# 1408,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2012,1/4/2013,36,48,2,3,2>When I first walked in here, I immediately felt under dressed, despite being a bit more than "casually" dressed. That feeling was immediately squashed when we were greeted by our waiter. He was extremely polite and friendly, and made me feel like we were in a small, mom-and-pop place. Have you ever been to a place that immediately serves you a complimentary cup of soup?? I can't remember the name of it, only that it was FANtastic!! My meal was based on the recommendations of another yelper, and I'm so glad I did that! My boyfriend and I loved our food!! We ordered the queso flameado, which for those of you who aren't in-the-know, is not a cheese dip. It's white queso, nice and gooey and hot, and you eat it in tortillas! You just a big scoop and smear it in your tortilla, and eat! It was sooo good! For our entrees, I got the Mole enchiladas and my boyfriend got the lunch burrito. The lunch burrito is lunch-priced, but not lunch-sized! It was HUGE!! That made my boyfriend extremely happy, but if you don't have the appetite of my man, be prepared to take half of it home. As for me, I could not put my fork down!! I could not get ENOUGH of that MOLE sauce!! So amazing!! My sides were borracho beans and rice. Both very delicious as well! The yummy rice was a happy surprise! Anyway, to make my long review just a bit longer... I will definitely be back for more =D
<review# 1409,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2012,1/3/2013,34,107,2,3,2>Another place I love to frequent.  We first went to Il Sogno when a coworker recommended it.  I later read about it in Food & Wine Magazine.  Both of them had the recommendation spot on as this place has got to be my favorite restaurant in San Antonio.  It's the place we go for birthdays, anniversary's, or when we just want some good food by chef, Andrew Weissman.We've had many of the menu offerings, and I'd say you can't go wrong with any of them.  Each time we've been for dinner or Saturday breakfast, Mario happens to be our waiter.  He's always attentive, knowledgeable, and smiles so hopefully you'll be able to have him serve your table as well.  Some of my favorites have to be the Nutella Tart, the breakfast frittata (go for breakfast before hitting up the farmer's market on a Saturday morning), and every dinner plate I've had.  What can I say, I'm a fan.  They also have a great attention to detail like the amazing little cookies they serve with their great coffee/espresso and the variety of fruit slices available for your water.  There's a reason this is a five star restaurant.
<review# 1410,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2012,1/2/2013,838,696,3,4,3>Superior service, sumptuous cocktails! Came here for a Yelp event, and got to give the bar a try! I was blown away by the impressive wine list, and excellent list of craft cocktails! They pay attention to every detail when creating your cocktail. They not just serve all fine liquor, that's not it at all. They have the perfectly shaped glasses for every cocktail, frosted in the freezer. The ice cubes are sized just the right size to minimize contact with the drink to prevent it from watering down. The Old Fashioned even comes with a single huge spherical ice cube for your drinking pleasure. It makes a huge difference with the one 'rock' in there. The place is super clean, the service is impeccable. I overheard a diner making rather challenging requests of the service, and they did their best to happily accommodate with a smile. I got to try some of their appetizers, which were phenomenal! They were pleasantly presented, colorful and delicious! They had a foie gras one on toast with possibly cranberries on top, which was "orgasmic!!!"
<review# 1411,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2012,1/1/2013,108,112,3,6,4>I've gone here twice for french manicures: once for my engagement shoot and another for my friend's wedding. To save time, I call ahead and make an appointment. Service is usually pretty prompt, and my nails always leave looking fabulous. The time, detail, and precision by the employees here are definitely worth the $15, and my polish looks great for at least a week.Did I mention excellent customer service? While putting my car key into the ignition, I accidentally nicked my polish and returned to the salon embarrassed. The lady immediately fixed it up (although it was past closing time) without questions and sent me on my merry way. Although I don't get my nails done that often, this will be my first choice in beauty needs should another special occasion arise.
<review# 1412,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2012,12/31/2012,125,331,2,5,5>Yum, yum, yum!  The wife and I visited for the first time today and we both went for the gold - the "Big Dawg."  Pulled pork, brisket and a whole sausage link on a french hoagie bun.  It was also liberally drizzled with two types of BBQ sauce and then topped with cole slaw.  This monster was $7.00, but it had so much meat on it, it was well worth the price.  In fact, there is so much meat you might be able to make two meals out of it.  We shared an order of the spicy corn and it was really good.  Don't expect creamed corn like that other BBQ place in town.  This corn has some sort of spice on it that gives it an after kick after each spoonful but it's not hot on the tongue.  Next time we go (it might be real soon!) I'm gonna spring for the ribs and the tater salad.  Spread the word about this place folks - it's a keeper!(they do take credit cards BTW)
<review# 1413,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2012,7/20/2012,16,103,3,3,3>I have three food weaknesses in life: Pizza & Wings (yes, for a New Yorker that cumulatively counts as 1 food), Cheesesteaks, and General Tso's Chicken.  Today I went to Boston Subworks because I had a real craving for a Cheesesteak.  First-off, I would like to highlight and emphasize that they DO NOT call it a "Philly Cheesesteak".  This is an important differentiating factor because a Philly Cheesesteak is an entirely different sandwich that people confuse with just a Cheesesteak.  This was the best Cheesesteak I have ever had, period.Bun/Roll: This roll was phenomenal, and I am a real bread junkie.  I am that weird dude in HEB that you see going around the bakery squeezing all of the bread to test its freshness and texture.  This bread had the perfect softness, all around the bun, with the perfect 'spongey-ness'.  It had great flavor that genuinely contributed to the overall flavor of the sandwich, and it was the perfect amount of bread for the contents.  Roll: 5 / 5 (Best Cheesesteak Roll I have ever had)Steak: My biggest complaint about most restaurants is that their Cheesesteaks lack seasoning--badly.  I don't understand why it is so difficult to use salt and pepper?  Can anyone explain this to me, because I swear that most places here in San Antonio, literally, have no idea what salt is.  Is the population of this city comprised of evil spirits that are repelled by salt and that is the reason for its absence?  Either way, Boston Subworks nailed the seasoning.  The beef was tender, the right thickness, and had wonderful flavor on its own.  It was also a generous portion of beef in comparison to the size of the roll.  Next, and this is the most important: Some places have no idea how to cook their steak.  They usually grill it to the point where it is rubbery, or dry.  Not here.  My steak was a perfect medium-well (just a tiny bit pink).  This is how the steak should be cooked folks!  I very, very rarely see this anywhere; but one thing is for sure, everywhere I go where the steak is cooked like this, is among my favorite places to get a cheesesteak, because it is obvious that they know what they are doing!  Absolutely fantastic.  Beef: 5 / 5Cheese: Since this is a Cheesesteak and NOT a "Philly", I cannot deduct points for the absence of cheese sauce/whiz--that is not the type of Cheesesteak they are selling.  The cheese on this sandwich was plentiful, melted well, and tasted great...I believe it was provolone (one of my favorites).  I am 99% sure it was a mild provolone and not aged, though, I am a fan of the bite that aged provolone gives and I think it would have made the sandwich better.  Regardless though, the cheese was great and it gets a 4 / 5.Condiments: I will absolutely confirm that the Pepper Relish is amazing.  I am not a big fan of grilled onions and peppers, so I always order my cheesesteaks without them; but I love a great relish, and this was one of the best I have ever had.  It had medium spicy-ness, and a really great sour-to-spicy-to-sweet balance.  I got two little cups of it to-go, and it fit a large sub perfectly.  5 / 5--AMAZING.Overall Sandwich/ Food: 5 / 5Atmosphere: It looks a little run-down and trashy in there; but it felt like a sandwich shop from back home (New England).  It isn't fancy, well decorated, and it doesn't have quality furnishings; but the atmosphere felt like home, and it worked perfectly with the style of the restaurant. One word: Authentic! 5 / 5Service: I was expecting your typical run-of-the-mill, average-at-best service when I walked in, but everyone was really friendly--even during a lunch rush.  I appreciate that, and for that, I'd like to thank them.  They are not required to be pleasant, or to smile, or be helpful; but in my 45 second interaction with two different employees, they were all of these things.  I love family-owned businesses, because you get to deal with people who genuinely care about their products and services. 5 / 5Final Thoughts: You will not find a better cheeseteak in San Antonio--believe me, I have tried.  I would also support their claim that it is the 'best cheesesteak in Texas'--I have not had one better, or even close.  Honestly, I would come to this place time-and-time-again and not just because it is in San Antonio.  I would eat here if it were in NY, Boston, and yes--even Philly.  Their combination of an amazing product, coupled with great service is a winning equation for me.  I have now officially found my place in San Antonio for my Cheesesteak craving.  Thank you Boston Subworks!
<review# 1414,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2012,7/19/2012,34,173,2,4,2>So we went here for lunch on Saturday, and didn't get seated next to the kitchen and massive improvement.  Our waiter helped us with a dealofthedaysa coupon, recommending the shrimp and crab egg rolls -- an amazing evolution of the simple egg roll.I ordered the angus burger which came PIPING hot, and cooked with gouda cheese -- really can't miss, but delicious nonetheless.  The french fries were actually cooked in this sweet tempura like fish-fry, that made each of the fries taste really special and delicious, really what a gourmet burger should aspire to be -- it may not have the burger grease or butter that you would want from a burger joint, but the meat is high quality, the bread of the bun is toasty, and they use an awesome tasting cheese that a normal burger joint simply can't afford to put on every burger.My wife ordered the rainbow trout which came out very fine and crispy.  The fish was cooked fresh and tender, and the fish-fry was very light and complimentary to the dish.Afterwards, we had a mango, pineapple, coconut sorbet, that was perfect given how stuffed we were from the meal.  It was a delicious little palette cleanser.
<review# 1415,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2012,7/18/2012,76,65,7,11,8>I found this place on Yelp.  I will admit, I live on Blanco and it took me a little while to find it because there are no signs and it looks like an abandoned building.  However,  the locals love this place and I arrived early because word was mentioned up at the Gore Airport I was bringing my hubby a burger.  Within twenty minutes I had 18 orders and the lady behind the counter cooked every burger!I felt bad because the locals were having to wait but everyone was really cool and laid back.  They were joking she was gonna run out of meat -- and when she does, it's closing time.  So get there early!  I will be back - some of the best burgers and hospitality around.And it's all true - she uses a pencil and an old tax chart to tally the total.  Cash only.  One lady, a counter, and some Rush Limbaugh in the background.
<review# 1416,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2012,7/16/2012,6,19,3,4,3>I've tried just a few local burger places in town so I really don't have a whole lot to compare Burger Boy to, but I'd have to say so far it's my favorite! Seeing as how I'm really not much of a Burger Girl (pun intended, hehe) but that this is the first place I think of when in the mood for a good, juicy burger should say a lot -- especially since BB is out of the way and Bobby J's, another amazing local burger joint, is about 5 minutes from where I live. First, let's talk about the building. They've got to hold some kind of record or something for having the tiniest dining room ever. You walk in and right away on each side of you there is a row of about 4 or 5 bar stools close to each other, all facing counters against the windows. After taking a few steps forward in the narrow space between said rows, you're at the cashier already where they take your order. Aside from the owners not anticipating the foot traffic that this location gets nowadays which is evident in the space (or lack thereof) of the restaurant, everything else about BB screams old school as well: the hospitality, the decor, and the cute little paper hats that the staff still wears. You won't get a crazy selection here; there's no pizza burger or frito pie burger or anything like that. What you will get are simple, classic burgers that hit the spot -- the exact right spot. I also love the size of their burgers, definitely not small but not so big that you feel like you can't eat much else, whereas at Bobby J's the burgers are awesome as well but most are so huge that I don't feel like getting any sides or a shake to go with it. Anyhow, their fries are an amazing compliment to the burgers and of course you have to get an orange freeze! I was gonna give them 4 stars but add to all that the fact that their combos are so awesomely cheap and that I would rather drive all the way out here than someplace nearby, and this place definitely deserves 5 stars.
<review# 1417,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2012,7/15/2012,88,438,,8,3>A great case of not judging a book by its cover and the value of supporting local businesses.Plaza Pizza is hidden in a small strip mall perpendicular to FM 78. It doesn't face the road and a former Pizza Hut repurposed as a Mexican restaurant dominates the parking lot. The only signage facing the road? The Bottle Shoppe liquor store. Sounds like a great place for pizza and wings, right?RIGHT!A family run operation, the inside is small, but clean and neat. TVs for watching games and a small bar area make it a nice spot for a gathering. For the food - oh wow. The wings are amazing. The hot sandwiches are divine. I have yet to try the pizza, but by all smells and accounts it is fantastic. There is a glut of chain and horrible pizza in the NE side, but this clearly is the best in any part of town. It's great. Give it a shot if you're local or in the area.
<review# 1418,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2012,7/14/2012,116,50,1,3,2>I hesitate to review a place that has already been lauded so many times, but I just can't resist this one.It took me forever to get here, since I am not usually in this hood during daylight hours, but I finally got me some brunch grub here the other day and oh. man. My friend recommends the huevos rancheros (which, for the plate is $3.99, and comes with beans, chorizo home fries, and fresh, homemade tortillas - um, yes?!), so much so that, though he is tempted, he never seems to be able to order anything else.  With a price point like that, you can go buck wild and add a side of barbacoa (tender and to die for) or guisada (which i did not try this time around, but heard is some of SA's best).I myself went for the chilaquiles plate - generous portions with REAL cheddar cheese on it.  None of that fake stuff, thank you.This alone would be worth 5 stars, but the sauces...oh, the sauces!  They are light orange and light green, and neither are like anything I've seen or tasted at other Mexican joints.  I'll need to return to try to figure out the special ingredients in them. A bit of a kick, but nothing to be scared of.Besides all the fantastic flavors, the service was truly warm and welcoming.  As was the coffee.  I see many breakfasts (and perhaps a lunch or two) in my future.
<review# 1419,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2012,7/13/2012,37,19,6,7,4>So I call the number to place an order.  The phone is answered with "Florio's, whaddaya want?"  I place my order and then go pick it up.  I'm standing in line and when it's my turn I hear "Yeah, what?"  Don't mistake it for rudeness!The folks who run this deliciously awesome pizza place are New Jersey/New Yorker transplants, and they have brought their New York attitude with them.  Texans sometimes make the mistake of thinking New Yorkers/New Jersey-ites (is that a word??) are rude, but it's actually just that they're used to things moving a little faster than the way we do things here in Texas.  That's why they'll say "Yeah what?" when you're in line, instead launching into some flowery prose poem like "Welcome to Florio's, the home of the best pizza in San Antonio where we'd be thrilled to take your pizza order this evening. My name is John, how can I help you."  Like the pizza, it's simple, straightforward, to the point, and awesome!  If you opt to eat in, check the decor.  Dig all the sports memorabilia from New York/New Jersey teams in the decor, and the TV usually has a game on from some New York/New Jersey team.  Red-checkered tablecloths, and even those standard translucent, pebbled-glass looking glasses for beverages.  This is a New York pizza place through-and-through; it just happens to be located in Alamo Heights.Toppings are somewhat limited (pepperoni, Italian sausage, onions, pepers, cheese - don't expect fancy stuff like ricotta, or pineapple) but it doesn't matter. The pizza is so good it's dangerous! Ever had food so good that even though you're stuffed you keep eating just because it tastes SO GOOD?  That's Florio's! Every time I eat here I feel like I need to crawl into a warm corner and digest for about 6 months.  And inevitably there will be an argument in the house over who gets the last piece.  Usually it ends up that there's some subterfuge and trickery invovled, but hey - that last slice is like cigarettes in prison.  It wouldn't surprise me at all if there were some hidden society on the outskirts of Alamo Heights, long since abandoned by our modern world, who uses Florios' Pizza as their currency.If it's late fall/winter, make sure to call before you go.  They usually close the shop down for a few months and make a trek back home to the East Coast for a few months.  Sad, I know, especially when those cravings hit, but it takes a lot of energy (physical and mental) to make pizza this good, and if not having access to it for 2 months means I can get it the other 10, well, that's a sacrifice I'm willing to make.
<review# 1420,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2012,7/12/2012,211,97,2,9,6>This is one of my favorite places for lunch near my office. It used to be my fail-safe place for a quick lunch, as long as you ordered from their lunch menu. Since it's become more popular, it seems that their super quickness is a little more hit-or-miss, but it's still delicious food.Before I fell in love with the shrimp pad woon sen, I used to eat the sweet and sour pork. It was good and pretty standard, and filling. The lunch specials also come with a glass of iced tea and a spring roll, so it turns out to be a pretty good deal.I am absolutely in love with their shrimp pad woon sen. A heaping plate of shrimp, broccoli, mushrooms, sprouts, and glass noodles (glass noodles are made from beans instead of wheat, so you're not laden with pasta-sleepiness after you inadvertently eat the whole thing). Along with that comes the Thai condiment tray, and I take great delight in piling on crushed peanuts and chili sauce all over my meal. It's a great day when I get to go to Asia Kitchen.
<review# 1421,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2012,7/11/2012,118,76,6,6,6>The Green Lantern is flat out amazing! One of those very hard to find, word of mouth only, speak easy bar/lounge that fits just a few select people who are lucky enough to know about it.Small is the first word that comes to mind, as it was completely packed on the saturday night that I went out.  There is hardly any wiggle room or available seating when you go, so just expect to stand and be surprised if you find something open.  The dimly lit bar is covered in redbrick walls and reminds me very much of the bars I've visited in New York, slightly underground, slightly devious.The drinks are THE BEST part about the Green Lantern, delicious, strong, (no watered down booze for this place) and made by some very clever and interesting mixologists!! I would call them bartenders, but the drinks far surpass that of any of the other bars I've visited in San Antonio.I tried the strawberry infused vodka shots (their most popular) and my personal favorite the Cucumber Martini!!  Expect to wait a bit for a drink (I said its packed) but its well worth it. This is hands down my favorite bar in San Antonio and I've been to quite a few!
<review# 1422,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2012,7/10/2012,101,497,4,5,7>My coworker and I have been stalking Piranha Sushi for months. He rant and raved about this "Marry Me Roll" he had in Dallas. After months of anticipation, we decided to treat ourselves to lunch when it finally opened. Turns out they were only doing a soft opening in the evenings. So we went to Sushi Zushi and tried their strawberry roll which my coworker said was comparable to this dreamy "marry me roll".So now, Piranha is open for lunch and finally we get to taste the greatly anticipated best new sushi in town. Right away we C-line to wash our hands and was not greeted, barely noticed, could hardly make our way through the 5 employees blocking our path. That was odd. The one stall bathrooms were odd too.  Moving on, we had a delightful waitress, who was trying really hard to make our experience a pleasant one. We make our order. Naturally we had the Marry Me Roll, also tried the Sexy Roll and the Crunchy Tuna Roll popped out as a good selection. Right away I notice sushi chef Ariel of the "Ariel's Special-Tongs Thai" fame behind the bar and I get antsy. The rolls did not disappoint me. My coworker on the other hand was let down by the presentation of his sweet Marry Me Roll. The strawberries were strangely sliced, definitely NOT fresh and nothing like the photos or his previous experience. Our waitress kindly let us know the new sushi chefs were in training, naturally. I was still surprised such a well known chef would let something be such poorly presented. It tasted good and that's really all the mattered to me.We had another run in with some rude staff, guess they didn't have their happy juice that day. Although it was a major turn off, I won't let newby amateurs keep me from trying other items in the future. Happy hour, see you next week!
<review# 1423,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2010,7/6/2011,32,166,1,4,4>Liberty Bar serves breakfast on the weekends until 2:00!  Who knew?  This morning, my husband and I lingered over fresh juice (orange, grapefruit), Gruyere and chile morita omelet for him (terrific flavors!), inventive "everything including the kitchen sink" chilaquiles for me (super yum), and the Sunday paper.  The two little Mexican chocolate cookies, brought to our table when water was poured, were a lovely treat--love the spicy afterburn and deep chocolate flavor.  We passed on the "eye openers," but the couple sitting in the window were drinking Bloody Marys and they looked mighty tasty.  We love the new King William digs--white and wood, open, and airy.  Gracious service.  We look forward to many happy returns.
<review# 1424,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2011,7/5/2011,101,497,15,20,10>You know what really irks me about these reviews? They're all "I tried this restaurant because of the TV program. I was disgusted! The place was a dump!" This particular chef "LULU" has been around for YEARS! Her restaurants are a San Antonio treasure! She use to operate the Jailhouse Cafe by the SA Jailhouse (naturally). That place was a dump! The new place is a dump. Don't you people know the best comfort food comes from dumps?! You can shove your snobbery out the door, because I hate waiting in line behind you just to hear you complain about it. You don't go to a place that serves 3 lb cinnamon rolls for $6 or a chicken fried steak as big as your face and expect classy service and fine dining. With that being said, you will basically enjoy anything on the menu (although I wouldn't suggest the salad items though, go to super salad for that). The chicken fried steak with queso, fried okra and mashed potatoes! HEAVEN! Veggie Burger (another award winning item) be sure to add cheese and avocado! It's all EXTREMELY bad for your heath, but so what! Never trust a skinny cook, that's right! It's delicious! You've never had a meal like it in your life and I'm sure, if you live in San Antonio, you'll be back for more (like me). If you're going to try this restaurant because of the TV show, try going after the breakfast/lunch crowd (2-4 pm) or after the dinner crowd (8-10pm). Being downtown in the tourist haven, this place is ALWAYS busy during breakfast, lunch AND dinner. If you are going to try their Cinnamon rolls, just preorder one to pick up TO GO in the morning. That's the best time to get a perfectly fresh roll. Give them a break! They're a famous restaurant! There are going to be minor issues with freshness on baked goods any time after 4 hrs of them being made. Check their hours too, I saw a sign that said they were 24 hrs but was closed one evening.
<review# 1425,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2011,7/4/2011,383,299,16,18,17>Yes! I'm so glad I found a donut place that's on my way to work! Snowflake is delicious and reasonably priced. I love the donut holes here! It was warm, perfectly sweet/glazed, crisp, and delicious. I always order the donut holes and sausage/cheese kolache to-go! It is fresh and warm. It's definitely up there with my favorite - Shipley's.On a side note, it's always good to support these small local businesses. It's even more rewarding when you support them and the food you get is delicious.
<review# 1426,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2011,7/3/2011,43,88,2,2,3>Awwwwwwwwwwwww Yeah!!!!! Came here today with a groupon deal. Brings back memories of nearly 5 years ago when I ate with my girlfriend here. This was practically my second visit here and It was Déjà vu!We came here at 3pm and there was only 2 customers at the time. We opted to get booth tables and sat exactly at the same table 5 years ago LOL! Also, we had the exact same guy that served us!  He looked much older though. Anyway, I got a bacon burger and Maria got a Cheesy Jane Burger deal. They were both great and huge for being 1/2 pounders. Meat was perfect and I liked how the onions and tomatoes were diced. The fries were really good and the onion rings were all right. Had a hush puppy kind-of batter to it. Only thing to complain was they only gave like 4 onion rings with my basket order. Definitely will be coming back here!P.S. The particular server we had called my girlfriend "sweetie pie", "sugar" etc. WTF WTF!!! It was quite awkward but I think he was trying to keep the diner atmosphere intact. In any case, It was awkward upon giving the receipt  he gave it to Maria and said "Here you are my dear!" and did not even acknowledge me? (@_@)
<review# 1427,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2011,7/1/2011,125,331,1,3,2>Mmmmmhum!  This is as good as it gets y'all. Some have compared it to Longhorn or Chester's, but these burgers are just a bit different in my opinion - and the fries are even better!Don't get me wrong - I love Longhorn and Chester's, but BigZ burgers are just different - they shouldn't be compared and besides, you can't "get it dirty" at the other two places.  If you try to get it dirty, they will call Johnny Law on you....Service is great and so is the food - "Woohoo!  As good as it gets!"
<review# 1428,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2011,6/30/2011,91,43,1,2,3>W.D. Deli is the epitome of what a downtown deli should be. Great food, great service, great location. There's something to be said about being comfortable when eating comfort food & I always feel that way when I stop in to dine at this gem on Broadway.My favorite is the Ruben with the Chicken Chipotle Parmesan being a close second. Always fresh ingredients, fresh bread & plenty of sweet tea on tap.One of my favorite things about W.D. is the the boxes of old Trivial Pursuit cards that they have sitting at each table. It's a great conversation driver or something to entertain yourself with if dining alone. All in all it's the perfect lunch spot & well worth a visit.
<review# 1429,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2011,6/29/2011,38,493,1,5,1>From Commerce Street, The Esquire has an impersonal and neon front that makes it look like an urban dance club.  From the river, The Esquire almost looks like an abandoned building.  But in between the front and back doors is an amazing bar.  The place is full of old-school charm with a long wood bar and well-worn wood booths.  It offers all the benefits of a dive bar--good drinks, old and warm decor and no pretense--with none of the drawback--the place is clean and comfortable.  They offer a range of special drinks that are expertly mixed.  And The Esquire also offers terrific bar bites.  We found the fish chips a little on the bland side (but still fresh and good), but the other things we ordered were great. Their deviled eggs are creamy and spicy deliciousness, and the fries are sprinkled with chili powder (if my memory serves) and are terrific. This is a great, authentic and non-touristy place on the riverwalk!Update:  I've been back several times, and this place remains an favorite. The Moscow Mules are excellent--give them a try.  A solid, five-star place to enjoy a cold drink on a hot day in San Antonio!
<review# 1430,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2010,6/28/2011,47,7,1,5,2>Candlelight is definitely my go-to location for a great place to meet up with friends and grab a cup of coffee during the week. Not only is the staff friendly, think Cheers where everybody knows your name, the regular coffee brew choices are incredible. And that's in addition to a whole flurry of specialty caffeinated drinks, wine and beer.The food and desserts are prepared by a regular full time chef, not just a staff member in the back throwing together some cold cuts for a sandwich. I'm talking spinach/artichoke dip that melts in your mouth, fresh pastas, artful sandwiches on focatia bread - the works.For brunch I recommend the eggs benedict with salmon - to die for! Add in a steaming cup of coffee and a bottomless mimosa and its where you'll find me practically every sunday. The patio is luscious with a koi pond, umbrellas to block the mid-day sun and lots of tables to choose from. At night the ambiance is set with delicate white lights, star lanterns and the sounds of live music wafting over from nearby night clubs.Indoors the atmosphere is chill with lots of cozy gathering areas full of chairs and couches. Feel free to snag a traditional table in the middle or chilax on a couch. Its wherever you feel comfortable.Enjoy the wifi for skyping or sudying, the staff wont bug you. This is going to be your new home away from home. Grab a refill on your coffee, stay a while!This is by far my favorite evening hang out spot to just chill and relax with friends. Its also a great place to go solo and meet new people, scope out the work of local artists and read a book.
<review# 1431,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2010,6/27/2011,2,10,3,3,2>LOVE this place!Thanks to a fellow Yelper's suggestion, I went here the other day to get my pumpkin fix and fell in love.  First off, the place definitely has a small coffee shop feel to it that is appealing to me and makes me want to go back and stay awhile.  The cashier was super friendly and nice even when asked if I could get a discount since I work for the local school district.  And guess what, I do!  A dollar off, yay!I ordered the pumpkin spice latte and a pumpkin muffin.  The muffin was moist and delicious and the pumpkin taste was definitely satisfying my craving.  Unfortunately the pumpkin spice latte did not.  I'm not sure what it is about lattes, but they fail to have any pumpkin flavor. I can't wait to go back!  What a great place!
<review# 1432,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2010,6/26/2011,74,299,,3,2>I've come back for happy hour (twice).  Both times I've been, there has been plenty of parking and just one other person at the bar - which also has bar tables away from the bar and normal tables as well.  Great place for a relaxed, quiet happy hour with fast service.The food ranged from decent to excellent, but I expect many people will differ on their opinions on this food.Drink:French Cosmopolitan (Grey Goose L'Orange Vodka) - very goodFood:Pizza Margherita - large, not bad as far as margherita pizzas goPizza Capricciosa - with artichokes, mushrooms, olives, pancetta; excellent, very flavorful, large!Polenta con Carciofi - polenta and artichoke, strong flavor, goodGamberi al Limone - (3) sauteed shrimp with lemon cream and garlic, quite goodRavioli di Ricotta - (3) ricotta filled ravioli, asparagus, butter, okCalamari e Zucchine Fritti - ok, comes with two sauces, marinara and citrus aioliAs of this review, happy hour is $3 beer, $4 wine, $5 martini/cosmo, and 2-for-1 appetizers M-Sa 5:30-7:30
<review# 1433,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2012,10/19/2012,5,21,3,6,4>This place is a small family owned Moroccan restaurant. They have very good food for a reasonable price. My husband and I went there for a low-key dinner. Wanted to try something new. This place was a hit for us. We had the mint-tea, great! We had soup and Moroccan hummus, which was very good. We then ate the meat combo, their lamb is the bomb, and then lamb shank with almonds and prunes. Delicious. Such interesting flavor! The meat fell right off the bone. The staff was very accommodating and friendly. We had a great time. I was expecting a little more eating with the hands style dishes, but we were not disappointed. We will be back there for sure! Tea for two, two appetizers and two entrees, our bill was less than $50 with tip, not too shabby for dinner.
<review# 1434,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2012,10/18/2012,52,218,4,3,5>There are few things in this world that come together for a perfect storm.  For example like hitting a long shot trifecta during march madness in Vegas. Rileys is freakin awesome!!  The bar has a definite biker feel probably because of all the bikers.  I've only gone for Sunday funday but the drinks are cold and cheap.  The service is wonderful with a welcome all comers vibe.  Rileys is the oldest bar in Texas and the first bar to get it's liqour liscense after prohibition.  On sundays they have free pool, shuffle board and juke box.  Just gotta ask the bartender for quarters. One of the first things you'll notice is all the stuff written on the wall.  It's worth taking a minute walking around and reading all the stuff written.  Most of the building is still original as apparent by the low ceilings (people were shorter back then) so watch your head.  Very few places come to mind when you can walk in and feel the history.  Riley's definately delivers!  If you consider yourself a true Texan going to Rileys is a requirement!
<review# 1435,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2012,10/17/2012,1439,1280,11,13,11>Can we tawk???!???  I mean, can we????  I've been here at least a couple of times now and I wanna know how I can get the salsa verde, green sauce, green salsa - WHATEVER - hooked up into an IV??????  The parking sucks to high hell but eating here is worth the hassle.  I've been told to eat only at the food truck but both times I ate in the house-lookin' place next door and I have to say - the food here gives Los Robertos a definite run for the money.  The taco norteño is the bomb.  The beans have weenies in 'em (and I'm not a bean eater but Erick's are great!) and the huarache campechano is not only HUGE but really, really good.  In addition, the servers have always been friendly and do an awesome job making sure you're taken care of.  Right down to the complimentary sopapilla!
<review# 1436,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2012,10/16/2012,117,187,3,5,5>My assistant and I found this quint eatery on Yelp after wrapping up a photoshoot in Spring Branch around lunchtime.  Odd location (follow the drive on the left-/east- side of the Exxon, the sign is easy to miss). From the outside, it looks like nothing special; inside, much different story.  We were worried this was a fine dining place when we stepped in wearing our shorts and tshirts, but oh well, or money is as green as Reginald Kensington the Third's and were were sat immediately (weekday lunch, so not very crowded).  The menu offered good variety and good prices, on the recommendation of the waitress, we both ordered burgers, which, were both very tasty.  The service was prompt and friendly, the food (well, what we had) was good, especially for the price, and the environment was cougarish...I mean pleasant (if my wife reads this, "I love you! You know I kid."...but there were totally cougars there) ;-DGood:+ good food, good prices (at least at lunch)+ not too crowded ((at least at weekday lunch)+ nice setting, very intimate (too bad I was eating burgers with another dude..but he paid, so oh well ;-P)+ location lends itself well to the "jewel in the rough" feelingNot as good:- sign is easy to miss, the driveway even more so, so keep you "eyes peeled" (or whatever odd metaphor your parents used to tell you to pay attention).- I'd have dressed better than shorts and tshirt if I had known- did not meet Chef David- watch the speed limit on that road, its a bit low
<review# 1437,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2012,10/15/2012,117,143,3,4,3>Pre-review recommendation: come hungry. Eat the complimentary chips & salsa. Leave room for the green chili burrito. Ask for Ray or Cory to serve you. Now back to the show.I eat a lot.I decided to visit Tejacienda because my younger bro and his friends all think it's awesome. But what do they know? Teenagers will eat anything (read: everything).I was wrong. They were right.This place is pretty darn cool. I'll have to come back for their happy hour (every day -- yes, EVERY day) from 4-7p. I've heard their margs are pretty darn good, but here's the part that sold me: their well liquors aren't the liquor store dredges you're used to. So you can feasibly have a good time and have delicious libations without dipping into your vacation fund!We visited Tejacienda for lunch. My only complaint: the chips and salsa were so good I couldn't finish my meal. I opted for the green chili burrito (three little overstuffed carnitas burritos half drenched in queso and half drenched in delicious green chili). They're good. They're very good. Next time I'll ask for a double side of rice, 86 the beans, and hopefully finish more than just one burrito.Don't worry, the leftovers won't last long.
<review# 1438,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2012,10/14/2012,138,159,2,5,5>The basement lounge of Ocho was the perfect place for a Ladies night. Candlelit rooms, pretty retro furniture, and strong drinks all enhanced the romantic intimate vibe.As I walked down into the basement lounge it felt as I was there for secret rendezvous. My eyes quickly adjusted and focused on the bar bottles illuminated by candle light. Pulled up a bar stool and quickly welcomed by a well knowledge bartender. She was very friendly I might add and made amazing strong drinks. First drink I had was the Hemingway Daiquiri. It has a punch to it but smooth. Second drink I decided to get more girly and order the Martinique punch. Made with cava, rum, and fresh fruit this was defiantly my favorite of the two. While there of course I had to sample the fare and share/steal off the other girls. The Chorizo & Queso and Papas Brazas were delicious as well as all the dishes we sampled. No complaints for girls who evaulate a lot.Ocho will be added to my list for future romantic dates with the hubby and gossip catch up with the girls. That and to spend some time in the upper dining room that took my breath away as I walked through it.
<review# 1439,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2011,10/13/2012,7,10,3,4,3>Tiny, local bookstore that carries Texas books you can't find anywhere else and constantly hosts fun and intimate events. I use the words "tiny" and "intimate" because the store is ridiculously small. Unfortunately, this is the only reason why I didn't bump them to a full five star rating. This is a "craft" bookstore--pay more, get less quantity, but get way more satisfying quality.The location of the bookstore is in the old Pearl Brewery area that has been recently developed as an extension of the Riverwalk. The area is thriving with fresh and curious shops, with many more being developed. I expected a bookstore to be one of the bigger sections of the area, but I was alarmed to discover it took up less space than a McDonalds.On the plus side, I was there to attend a Sandra Cisneros reading that turned out to be awesome. When I walked in I was greeted by the Twig staff, dressed festively for the event and offered food...for FREE. I am a college kid, food = I love you. Needless to say, I fell in love with the place. When Sandra Ciseneros read, there were only about 20 people listening; I expected at least twice as many for such a prominent author. And, this is where the small space played into The Twig's favor--being five feet away from an accomplished author is a surreal feeling that I cannot describe. Overall, great store, wonderful staff, and great Texas-specific books. I wouldn't shop there for widely-available books, but I would definitely return for the interesting events.
<review# 1440,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2011,10/12/2012,17,79,,5,2>I bought my bike at a different store but, tired of going all the way across town; I looked for a new bike store. This place was right around the corner, so I gave 'em a try. I can't speak about how fair their prices are because I am not really aware of that stuff. But, the staff was really helpful. Tons of regulars seem to always be coming in and chatting with staff which is fun. I came back to return some shoes I had gotten there as I had noticed I bought them too large. Even though he had already put the snap things on the bottom of them for me (yeah, I have no idea what the correct terms are), he allowed me to exchange them even though it is against policy. They also installed the new pedals I bought onto the bike for me. Even more impressive (more on the employee's part than the store) was what happened later that day around 6pm in my neighboorhood as I was trying out my new pedals and repeatedly falling.. The employee was out riding his bike and I guess after seeing me in distress came over and gave me a bit of an impromtu biking "session" as bike clips can be tricky. He was really nice offered tips on how to use the clips and stuff. Good time. Now, if only I could properly use these new shoes and bike clips, I would be in good shape.
<review# 1441,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2012,10/11/2012,31,188,2,3,2>At first, when I walked into the store, there were a few customers, so as a novice in cigars, I was really needing help, and I wasn't getting any.  There were only two staff present, but once my turn came, they really helped me out.  I was wanting to get some special cigars for my husband that was deployed for his birthday (cigars are sort of a big thing when deployed).  Instead of trying to get me to buy a whole lot of expensive ones, the staff suggested to buy a sampler pack, they had a few in a basic that they put together that have been discontinued or the last of a box.  They even helped me to package it correctly to send it in the mail. I ended up buying a couple sampler packs and then, they had a whole wall of those cute smaller cigars in individual tubes.  They helped me not buy the cheesy cheapy kind, but one that would give me more bang for the buck.  They seemed pretty knowledgeable and the husband loved them (it took 3 weeks to get there).It was neat that you could actually buy the cigars and smoke them there as well, hence humidor "club", so when my husband gets back into town, maybe he will like to go check it out with the boys.
<review# 1442,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2012,10/10/2012,53,106,3,7,3>I have been taking the Six Months to Be a Better Knitter with Wendy at the shop. Every two weeks for six months! I have learned so much in the last couple of weeks that I know I will be a super amazing knitter at the end of this, I am admittedly a very novice knitter even though I have been knitting since 2007.  It is an amazing shop. I can go in there and pet yarn and talk to the girls forever. A MUST stop for any fiber artist in the area, visiting the area or want to take a trip to an amazing shop.
<review# 1443,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2014,3/19/2014,57,92,9,15,9>Los Cocos isn't in the greatest of areas, it's not in the barrio but rather close. Worth it though because it is a serious contender for the best mexican food I've ever had! So I was suffering from one of those hangovers that only a watermelon agua fresca can cure, for a brief moment I almost only ordered that at their little outside kiosk window, but something about the grilled meat smell and the fact that I saw they had corn in a cup (elote for lazies) made me walk into the restaurant area.It looks like a typical lunch restaurant in Mexico; tables are tacky simple, walls have no actual theme to their hand painted details (picures of fruit, agua fresca, the cheetos cheetah), little hut in the middle as a cashier station, and a Spanish crooner with a guitar even popped up for a song.  The salsa that came with the chips I wanted to drink with a straw, it was so fresh with a wonderful roasted spiciness. Watermelon agua fresca saved my life, I'll never complain that it's too sweet even if it is. The last time i had elote was more than a decade ago, and although the husband called it "funky," it's one of those nostalgic snacks that just put me in a good mood. The al pastor mini tacos were perfectly marinated and rather heavy on the meat as well as the obligatory onions, cilantro and lime. Husband got the pollo enchiladas verdes which were absolutely amazing, right amount of cheese, stuffed with tons of chicken, enchilada sauce was perfect. Portions are big, prices are low, service is quick, food is delicious!
<review# 1444,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2014,3/18/2014,228,312,9,9,5>This place is awful....don't go...avoid it....cause I want it all to myself! Even though Pancake Joe's isn't in the nicest of neighborhoods (stay away! You may get your purse snatched or your car broken into!), you know it's good when you see all walks of life waiting to eat. Contrary to other reviews, I thought the parking was adequate with spaces along the long strip center & perhaps at the giant Dollar General lot across the street. We arrived on Sat morning about 10am & waited about 20 min for a table for 2. If you have a larger group (4+), you'll wait longer. We were seated at the small bar in the back near the kitchen....kinda warm, but fun watching the cooks move it non-stop! The staff is an absolute pleasure from start to finish: nice, attentive & happy in general!We shared the pineapple upside down pancakes & Joe's breakfast. Yummm! Super large portions for under $6 each?! We could not finish it all. The pancakes were good. Really good. Get the short stack - two giant pancakes. The pineapple was laced within the pancake & on top as well. Joe's breakfast: all the good stuff on one plate. Some yummy potatoes topped with bacon & linked sausage, onions, peppers, melted cheese, eggs your way. Top it with their homemade salsa roja & verde. Then top all that on your two pieces of toast.When we left at 1130, there was a big claustrophobic wait going on so get there early! One of the best breakfasts I've had in SA; DEF coming back! (But, you stay away! It's scary!! ;))
<review# 1445,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2014,3/17/2014,33,61,2,7,4>Breakfast has always been consistent here! I have always received great customer service. If you like old fashioned dinner type places, this is your spot! Prices are decent and I only vouch for breakfast since I gave never made it in for dinner. Tip: order from the smaller portion side of the menu. My breakfast was $2.00 less than #1 combo & portions were similar! One pancake, egg, one sausage and hash browns for $5.25!
<review# 1446,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2014,3/16/2014,192,81,2,4,5>Stop thinking about coming and just get over here. It's amazing!! In the last year I have made 3 visits ... dinner with friends, lunch during restaurant week and recently New Year's Eve dinner party with our friends. All three visits were great, no complaints. Not 100% perfect but really what restaurant is? Whatever little issue occurred the amazing food eased that bad taste. Takeaways: For you first timers get a bunch of plates and share. Don't hesitate to visit during restaurant week. In general I have not had luck when going to place during restaurant week because the service suffers and menu items run out fast. But with Tre and this location in particular no issues. As for giving them your business on a special night like NYE ... do it! NYE Dinner: It was $69.95 per person for 5 courses ... $13.99 per course is a great deal. Some couples weren't down for the price and it made me have buyers remorse before showing up but the minute they brought out an "surprise app" I was happy and knew we made the right decision. I was worried about this night because my last fine dining experience on NYE was 2 years ago and it scared me away ... mainly the timing of the courses. Who wants to spend their evening at dinner??!! No issues with timing with Tre. Only thing is we ordered the wine pairing with the meal and we didn't get our last wine when dessert was brought out so we had to ask another waiter for it. The menu was perfectly designed and left us overly satisfied. We were a total of 6 ppl, 3 couples so I was able to see almost everything on the menu. There were a few items that weren't as good as others but that is the risk in dinners like this ... you make sure not to get what your other half gets so that you can have both. Then what happens ... you pick a favorite. If there wasn't  the other I am pretty sure everything would have been perfect.  Just in case the chef is reading here is what was just ok: caprese and the cauliflower ravioli. Nothing could beat out the Turkey with giblet sausage and the sauce on the ravioli lacked in flavor compared to the gnocchi.Overall our evening with Tre was unforgettable and the icing on the cake was that while I write this review I am munching on our take home gift from them ... delicious and the right amount of sweet granola.
<review# 1447,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2013,3/15/2014,29,89,4,14,9>My friend told me that I had to try this place and boy was he right! This place is AMAZING! As soon as I walked into the restaurant I knew it was going to be good. The decor made the place feel so cozy and the music made you wish you were away at the beach.The food was so good. Even though we had to wait a while for the food to come out, it was totally worth it! They ran out of jerk chicken so I got the stew chicken and oh my goodness it felt like heaven melting in my mouth. The chicken was so flavorful and tender it literally fell off the bone. Mix it with the sides and it felt like an explosion in my mouth. The meal was enough to make you full and believe me... I eat a ridiculous amount of food.The owner of the store is sooo sweet. When I ordered the ginger beer and didn't like it , he just took the drink back and didn't even charge me for it! Also, since my friends and I were just lingering there and chatting he brought out a vegetable and meat stuffed pies and said they were on the house! I will totally come back here again. Thanks for being so awesome :D
<review# 1448,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2013,3/14/2014,169,520,6,12,8>TOP NOTCH MEXICAN in Southtown - here's why:Fast drive through - I was in and out in less than five even though the line had six or seven cars in front of meGreat Carne Grisada tortillas & Sweet tea for just over $4Tacos have large, fresh chunks of meat!  It was way better than most carne grisada I've tried down hereCheap, fast service, and a delicioso lunch
<review# 1449,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2013,3/13/2014,211,97,7,12,9>A girlfriend and I decided we needed a spooky evening around Halloween, so we booked ourselves a ghost tour with Sisters Grimm. We met, as directed by the website, in front of the Alamo. We found the tour group in front of the Alamo after locating the woman dressed like the olden days and holding a small lantern by her side. They checked us off the list, gave us a sticker to put on our shirts to identify us as part of the group, and as soon as the entire group arrived, we headed out.The tour guide leads the group around the streets of San Antonio, stopping at certain locations to tell a story or two about the ghosts that supposedly still wander the grounds. I heard some really interesting stories that I hadn't previously known about, and some of them were genuinely creepy! Though the guides are dressed as an old-timey lady, they're decidedly high-tech. They carry ipads to show pictures of how the sites you stop at used to look, and encourage you to take photos so maybe you can catch a photo of an orb.Wear comfortable shoes, as this is a walking tour. This is no marathon training, though - a woman in an electric wheelchair was on our tour and didn't have any problems. The pace is slow and there are no mountains to climb or rivers to ford.That said, the pace was a little slow for me and my friend. While the tour guide was great and very knowledgeable (she also mentioned that it was her first solo guiding venture - it'll only get better!), if you're not the type for a slow stroll through the city, you might get bored. The tour is a great way for visitors to see some important San Antonio destinations and get the stories that go along with them that you can't find in your history books!
<review# 1450,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2014,3/12/2014,38,80,4,7,5>MY NEW FAVORITE BAKERY!!!!! Where to start.... The staff is very friendly and are also informative about some of the breads and pastries I have never tried ( like the monkey bread, eek! ). They know what they're doing when they put out the free samples, I bought almost everything it's so good, Had the almond croissant, chocolate croissant, chocolate chip cookie, blueberry custard danish and bread pudding. Everything is made fresh so don't go late or you won't have much of a selection, anything left over is donated to the church. Prices are reasonable for the foodgasim you will have!
<review# 1451,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2014,3/10/2014,28,210,5,13,7>This review is just for the pizza.  So far, I haven't eaten anything else from Little Italy.  I grew up in upstate NY eating a certain kind of pizza.  It's thin crusted and cooked in a gas pizza oven, not a wood or coal-fired oven.  The slices are fold-able . .the crust not so thin it cracks nor the toppings so thick they slide off.  For some reason, this style of pizza is really hard to find outside NY.  Typically, the "NY style" pizza I eat outside of NY is way too thick with too much topping.  The sauce is usually too sweet, too.  Other times, the crust is so thin it's like a cracker . .that's not good, either.  And SOME places poke a million little holes in the dough to keep it flat (called 'docking') . .that should be a crime and those establishments razed or, at the very least, not frequented.  And the wood/coal-fired places like Grimaldi's or Dough are fine - they taste great . .but it's just not the same thing.  For one thing, pizza should be cheap.  I didn't grow up standing in line for 30 minutes to eat 25 dollar pizzas.   The pizza from Little Italy is the closest to what I grew up with that I've found in San Antonio.  The flavor of the sauce, the flavor of the crust, the way the cheese is melted, the thickness . .everything is pretty much spot-on.  It's even cheap (err . .inexpensive), too.  I was so impressed after trying the first one that I got another one the next week just to make sure it wasn't a fluke.  And then another the following week . .just to *really* be sure.  Ever since then, Little Italy has been our local pizza favorite.
<review# 1452,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2013,3/9/2014,224,205,8,18,13>SHORT VERSION:We are so happy that Alan, May and their family members have banded together to open this restaurant!   Summary:-Delicious food-Quick, personable, attentive service with smiles and educational conversations-Decent pricesCan't beat that!  Give them a try!!!!  LONG VERSION:My family and I really wanted to make it here before 3pm to take advantage of the lunch specials.  But we didn't get here until 3:05.  Darn!  I wasn't worried about myself because I already knew what I wanted.  After reading Linda H's review, I had my heart set on banh cuon.    My maternal grandmother is from Northern Vietnam.  This dish is a speciality of that region.  My grandparents emigrated to Laos as a young couple and raised their family in Laos.  But my grandmother had a banh cuon stand at the market and my mother eventually took over the stand.  My mother  still sells banh cuon to this day in Pennsylvania.  So it's safe to say that I am a bit picky about my banh cuon.So what is banh cuon exactly?  Bánh cuon is a thin, wide sheet of steamed rice batter.  It is filled with seasoned ground pork, minced wood ear mushroom, and minced shallots. Sides for this dish usually include cha lua (Vietnamese pork sausage), cucumber, bean sprouts, & basil with a dipping sauce called nuoc cham (fish sauce).In short, Asian Cuisine and Pho did a fantastic job!  My banh cuon was fresh and definitely made to order.  I can always tell if banh cuon is pre-made.  This was not.  My grandmother and mother would 100% approve :)Here's the disclaimer, I love banh cuon.  But it's not for everybody.  My husband doesn't like it.  So cool.  Get something else.  Today, we also ordered the vermicelli rice noodles (bun) with grilled pork and fried spring rolls.  After one bite, we ordered an extra helping of fried spring rolls since they were soooo good!  This was quite a hefty portion and definitely enough to share.  We're not fond of ice berg lettuce in our bun bowl.  But it seems to be the standard in SA.  Minor gripe.  Overall, the food was delicious!Asian Cuisine & Pho offers Chinese, Viet, & Thai cuisine.  We're always dubious of places that offer different cuisines like this.  However, every time the door to the kitchen would open, we'd hear snippets of conversations in both Chinese and Vietnamese.  May, our waitress, explained that she is Chinese.  Alan, the manager & her husband, is Chinese & Vietnamese.  Their family members are from all over, including Laos and Thailand.  Therefore, they are familiar with many different styles of cooking.  One big ol' flavorful melting pot :)  We will definitely be back soon.
<review# 1453,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2014,4/29/2014,204,426,11,12,10>How can't one rate The Alamo 5 stars?  Don't miss it when visiting SA, but don't be shocked to get squaked at when jogging through the gardens.Listen, hear the "Alamo Talk", see the film and check out the gift shop.And don't, I mean don't, ask a local "Why did y'all build this Downtown?"
<review# 1454,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2014,4/28/2014,109,104,6,14,8>Ooh la la, I love this place! This is no ordinary fruit cup stand, this is the best fruit cup stand in San Antonio. The first time I visited this place I was suprised at how long the line was, but they have tvs outside that show America's funniest videos to make the time fly by. Once I got to the window to order, I could immediately smell the freshness of the fruits from the back. The ordering process could confuse you though... so let me list it out for you so you know what's up!1. Stand in line! DO NOT walk straight up to the window.2. When they open the window be ready to order.3. They will close the window and go make your order BEFORE you pay.4. When they open the window pay and receive your treasure! Tips are appreciated!5. Enjoy @ the picnic tables!I strongly recommend the corn in the cup, which comes with mayo, cheese, lime, chile (which is super spicy so I always tell them "poquito," which means "a little," and lucus... mmm it's making my mouth water just thinking about it. Also, I always get a Chongo.. haha it's pickle juice on ice with chamoy and lucus :) Viva la Mexico People! Most fruit cup stands only take cash, well don't fret, this establishment takes credit! Treat yourself on the next beautiful day! Deliciouso!
<review# 1455,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2013,4/27/2014,106,165,4,11,8>Damn you Denise and Noel.  Why the hell did you have to build this place?  Now I'm freaking conflicted between this place and the point.  I almost feel like I'm cheating.For starters, this place is really, really cool: Cool art, cool staff, cool chef, cool owners, cool little place to eat, whether by the bar, outside or inside.  It has plenty of room and the outside is definitely a place to hang out and throw back a few while listening to some good music.This place is coming up with some amazing traditional dishes with some new twists (torta sliders, tacos three ways, black bean risotto, crab empandas, short rib and list goes on).  The food is exquisite and full of flavor.  Although it's a tapas place, portions are pretty big, enough for 2 people.  Because of this, my friend, Sandy and I got to sample quite a few of the dishes.  Although I loved, everything I've tried, I keep gravitating to the Torta Sliders and the short rib-goddam that some good stuff!  My son totally loved the Tortas too.If you're looking for craft beer, this place is it.  They carry quite a few local beers from around the area which they rotate.  They also make this MEAN pink sangria (and I'm not a sangria fan)If anything, go for the drinks but DEFINITELY stay for the food, you won't regret it.
<review# 1456,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2014,4/26/2014,43,77,6,14,11>The whole concept of Asian fusion has been over done. The days of sesame crusted tuna with a side of bok choi is way behind the times. Food trends have shifted toward more authentic Asian food. Ramen, dim sum & ingredients like tendon are king now. Where does hot joy fit in? In neither segment.  In my humble opinion. Hot joy is simply food that will induce smiles brought to you by one of my favorite restaurants in Southtown/King William, The Monterey. There are a wide range of Asian flavors ranging from Thai, Indian, Chinese, Korean & Japanese. All these cultures are married together into a menu that is Asian food a la Monterey. Far from what could be a potential hot mess, there is some serious talent in the kitchen. This place can stand alone on it's food. No need of gimmicks like odd decor/music choice (won't name any places in town that have tried to rip off this concept)After two visits, I am happy to cozy up to the bar with a bottle of resiling ( the list for which is extensive) and a bowl of ramen or a bunch of small plates and a slew of cocktails. Haven't had a bad dish yet. The standouts being the double miso ramen with belly, salt cod dumplings in tom yum broth, fried rice with pineapple & Chinese sausage, the crab fat caramel wings and general Chad's chicken. The star for me has been the coconut tapioca pudding. One of the best dishes I have had in a while & I eat out a lot. Really a lot!So, if it is not obvious by now..... I am a fan. I am sure if you are looking this up you don't need encouragement from me to go. If you haven't been, what are you eating?????
<review# 1457,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2014,4/25/2014,198,247,8,16,14>Central Market is that far away lover that you know you want to be with but hate the chaos that you have to go through to reunite. I live about 20 minutes from CM but would come here regularly if there wasn't always so much construction or people carelessly jay walking. When I'm finally able to make it, it's similar to walking through a sweet smelling rainbow(just not in the cheese section lol). Every employee here is a complete pleasure and will bend over backwards to help you find something. My favorite section is the Chef Prepared area, you can find everything here! I'm in love with their tuna/chicken salad, there's nothing like it with CM's water crackers. They can serve up a great kale salad, mozzarella/tomoato/caper salad, and their already prepared caesars/cobb salads can be split into two meals. Once in a while, they'll have a hot option that completely blows my mind but then I won't ever see it again..boo! You must try their clam chowder, it's a bit pricey but well worth it. Until we meet again!
<review# 1458,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2014,4/24/2014,28,373,4,7,5>What a crazy location for Middle East food. One might not expect to find very good ME food on this side of town but you'd be wrong.This stand-alone hole-in-the-wall restaurant really does a fine job. The food mainly consists of items wrapped but they also serve up proper plates of various grilled meats, as well as what appeared to be a very nice ME-style stew.They offer 4 different varieties of jasmine rice for your eating pleasure. I had the lima bean rice and it was excellent. The combo plate I had ($9.99) was spectacular. It had a few chunks of grilled chicken and then this incredibly flavorful sliced beef (I think) that was exquisitely marinated and cooked with onions. Fabulous!If you're hardcore halal, this kitchen does serve pork so be aware.Decent prices, great food, friendly staff, and a nice selection equals a repeat customer in this Yelper...
<review# 1459,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2013,4/23/2014,64,132,3,8,4>Perfect date night restaurant. The restaurant is a nice little cottage type building inside La Villita. The food is amazing. Chef Laurent does an amazing job mixing french techniques with an Asian twist. The waitstaff go above and beyond to make your dining experience memorable. We will be back!
<review# 1460,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2014,4/22/2014,6,66,6,18,7>The food here is absurdly unauthentic.This was formerly Bin 555. It's still owned and operated by the same chef. The format has changed to Asian with a focus on Thai inspired dishes that are unapologetically not "authentic", although most of us wouldn't know if they're authentic or not anyways.They didn't make significant changes in the two weeks it was closed (we asked) but it definitely has a different feel. It's has a quirky artsy feel that somehow manages to conjure thoughts of "Asian dynasty" in your head. The ceiling has the look of a seventies dance floor with red lighted tiles. Their mascot is a chicken crossed with Chinese dragon. We called it a "Dragon Cock".We went on opening night which is always risky. We went early before any dinner crowds could gather to create potential services issues. Things went smoothly since the staff was carried over from the Bin 555 (we asked). The chef even brought one of our dishes by our table and asked how things were going.Everything we had was good. They focus mostly on small plates and appetizers echoing the previous establishment. They only had four dinner entrees. We like to sample a lot of flavors so we were happy to order many small plates and share.By far my favorite dish was the buttermilk fried chicken in green curry. They used a lot of fresh herbs on top which blended well while still adding pop. Actually, they used a lot of fresh herbs on everything. Bonus!The Sup'd Up Ramen was also very good. Definitely not "traditional" as it has a heartier broth with a velvety texture. Tom Kha soup was good as well with the cilantro oil floating on top.They have a good cocktail selection that are house mad and hand poured. This was my only complaint about the service. It took a LONG time to get our cocktails both times we ordered even though there were only a few tables seated. The Bin and Tonic (not misspelled) was tasty though not surprising in anyway. Singapore Sling was good and definitely recommended. The Healer would not be, however. It tasted like a weak toothpaste or mouthwash.I'm looking forward to going back and trying more.
<review# 1461,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2014,4/21/2014,39,196,3,7,5>I've been here twice,  Great pizza, good service, server friendly, but not helpful.Asked him to advise me for lunch, eating alone.   I was guided to the house pizza, which sounded good.When it was served,  it was not a humble 12 inch, but a full 16".Why, oh why?I may be giving the server too much credit to assume that he might stick to recommending a single serving, or only slightly more for lunch.A twenty one dollar tabThis review is a tad off of my usual comprehensive detail, but this stood out.Great pizza, good service, bad advise. Four pieces or half of the pizza wasted.
<review# 1462,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2014,4/20/2014,119,309,3,10,4>At last their brick and mortar location's opening day is today! The cue is as good as their food truck's is however the portions seems a little lighter. Their ribs had a sweet glaze on them which I don't recall from before, very nice! They also offer two BBQ sauces, one more traditional and a whole grain mustard-based sauce. Since this is a soft opening they have only the same menu as their truck right now, but the full menu is going to have a few Southern favorites on it too, including breakfast! Their sides are as good as usual and they have the best mac n' cheese in town! They even have fried okra, a favorite of mine. As I said before their portions seemed a little lighter than what they offer at their food truck. However I am willing to chalk that up to opening kinks that will be worked out. I'll definitely be going back and will try some of the full menu. I'm really excited to see what they come up with for breakfast, too. As always I promise to report back and give an updated review. In the meantime go and enjoy the best barbecue restaurant in San Antonio!
<review# 1463,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2010,12/2/2010,144,109,3,7,1>Finally! I really feel there just isn't enough really great Thai restaurants in San Antonio. I recently visited Lemongrass Thai. Ironically located in the same space Martha's was (to whom I gave a horrible review) in the Thousand Oaks Shopping Center located off Hwy 218. I was enticed to visit as a challenge from my husband that the Pad Woon Sen was better that Mon's/Spice, so we popped in on a random Tuesday evening. I have to admit, we tend to eat with the blue-hairs around 6pm, but let me clarify, it's not because I'm old, but just because I'm usually starving by that time. That out of the way--when we walked in there was just a few occupied tables, and we were seated at a cute little half booth. The layout of the restaurant looks about the same as it did when Martha's occupied it, but Lemon Grass has really tried to give it a somewhat modern-asian flair. The waitstaff was very attentive--our water would barely be half full and he came to refill it.Now, on to the food. I ordered my usual, the Pad Woon Sen and it was great. The huge serving was more than I could eat, but I kept on trying. I can't say that it was better or worse than Mon's or Spice's, but I would put them on the same level. What a relief to finally find another great place that serves my favorite Thai dish. I have been a repeat customer several more time. You should really stop by and support a local business. And for those of you who like to push your limits of spice level, be careful, the scale is 1-10 and level 2 burns my mouth. My husband can't handle more than a 5. Let me know if you are brave enough to try a level 10!
<review# 1464,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2010,12/1/2010,32,166,7,7,6>Go here.  Go here now.  For lunch.  Order a taco al pastor with everything on it, and order a quesadilla al pastor because you get confused because it's like you're in Mexico again.  Skip your usual Diet Coke and go for a small horchata instead.  Ask for a couple of little containers of hot sauce to go when your meal is all packed up and presented to you.  Go back to your office, open the lid, and, eyes widening, taste the best diced spicy pork/white/cheese grilled quesadilla you have had.  Slather hot sauce and crema on top.  Eat half of it, because there is simply too much food for one person.  In between sips of the best horchata EVER, all milky cinnamony goodness, get too stuffed to even open your little 99c taco, which you are quite certain would have been delicious.  This place is a diamond in the Culebra rough--nothing divey about it; it's clean, well-lit, absurdly reasonably priced, and just plain happy. I keep thinking of friends and colleagues I can't wait to introduce to this place.  Now I've introduced it to you!
<review# 1465,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2010,11/30/2010,133,93,3,8,2>Urban Taco is wonderful!  The location is great and the little patio and cute little patio furniture makes for the perfect place to spend your lunch hour!  Really - come eat here!We had a salsa trio combo of the avodcado lime crema, the salsa roja and the tomatillo serrano verde.  I wasn't the biggest fan of the salsa's but then we got the gaucomole trio and OMGsh I fell in love.  We tried the el original, the palmas and the reforma.  I highly recommend the original and the palmas.  The palmas is a fruit guacamole with mango and papaya!  YUM!For lunch they have a special: Any two tacos, rich & beans for $7.75.  I got that and it was plenty of food.  I ordered a  XX Amber Barbacoa and a Chicken Tinga taco.  Both were amazing!  REALLY really good!I will be back here for sure...over and over!The only thing I didn't like was that they kept filling my tea with passion fruit tea instead of normal tea....it was rather annoying.  But the customer service was great and they were quick to make sure that I was happy!
<review# 1466,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2010,11/29/2010,11,22,3,4,4>I am a regular here.  And the enviroment & food is great. And the service is good too, service not so great at the bar tho.  Drinks are awesome here specially the Margaritas. If your in the San Antonio you Have to stop here TRUST ME!  But for dinner get there early cuz you will wait at the least an hour & a half for sho no matter wat day.  CHEERS
<review# 1467,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2010,11/28/2010,62,187,1,3,1>Heard about the restaurant of a commercial on TV. The atmosphere is very warm, cozy, and inviting. Our waiter was on top of everything. The chicken gumbo was really delicious, loaded with Cajun spices. The shrimp i got was filled with jalapeno, cheese, an wrapped in crisped bacon! The scrumptious shrimp was placed over a bed of dirty rice. The food was top notch and so were their prices. For 2 appetizers, 2 meals with drinks...it came out to be about $70. It's a little over priced but the quality of food was there!
<review# 1468,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2010,11/27/2010,0,6,2,3,1>I'm not sure why the other person said it gets hot. It actually gets pretty cold in there they usually have the A/C running all day. Me and my boyfriend love going here even after we moved all the way to the north side. It's well worth the travel. Their chicken strips are to die for. It's like heaven in your mouth. Their rolls are pretty good too. The gravy is awesome as well the mashed potatoes. I love their macaroni and cheese, but thats probably because i'm addicted to macaroni lol :). I have had their onion rings and i thought they were all right but I tend to be pretty picky with my onion rings. And on to the tea the tea is sweet just the way i like it :) I was told once they dont use sugar they use honey to sweeten it and i really like honey in my tea :)So bottom line is you should really try this place out :)
<review# 1469,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2010,11/26/2010,362,30,2,3,2>Papouli's brings it with a delicious salad dressing that makes you want to smack the table and yell "Opa!"  From there, I recommend the pitas and tzatziki dipping sauce.  It's just the right level of creaminess mixed with a delicious cucumber goodness.  If you skip the lamb, gyro CRAZY - it's delicious!  Guess what else? Papouli's knows how to cook one of the most delicious hamburgers in the city.  Seriously, I couldn't believe how amazing it is.  I'm sure everything else is tasty as well, but the gyro and burgers are so delicious, I don't even bother trying anything else.  The Papouli's staff is also really well trained to make sure you're well cared for and you enjoy a great experience.  It's easy to recommend heading to Papouli's.
<review# 1470,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2010,11/25/2010,19,305,3,4,3>The tortilla soup ($2.40 by itself, or included with the $5.95 lunch specials) is reason enough for me to return: very basic ingredients but amazingly flavorful. My lunch entrée (Chuleta) was also flavorful but too dry to completely enjoy.My table also went through several bowls of salsa... everyone loved it on/with everything.One guy in our group of six didn't enjoy his meal; he's also the guy that believes Taco Bell is the gold standard of authentic Mexican food. Personally, I appreciate places that don't have "queso" on the menu. Condiments are not food.
<review# 1471,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2010,11/24/2010,13,73,2,4,2>Went for the lunch buffet. Based on the building I wasn't expecting much. For the price 8.95. It's a deal. The waiters are attentive and quick with the water refills. The food selection is standard Indian buffet fare. The food was good and I'd definietly come back. They served goat in the buffet line.  I was impressed because thats not something you see everday. The place is perfect for quiet lunch away from the crowds of the more popular place in the medical center.
<review# 1472,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2010,11/23/2010,36,227,1,1,3>Went here many years ago after a day at Schlitterbahn.  We enjoyed it then and we enjoyed it now.  Bar and restaurant with large enclosed patio.Great food.  Try the fresh tortillas and queso or Frog dip.  The fajita nachos were a great appetizer.  My daughter had the chicken diablo that was full of flavor.Prices are reasonable.  Many great eateries in Gruene, this place included.  Would definitely go again.
<review# 1473,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2012,11/9/2012,192,81,4,5,5>Didn't realize this was not just a pie place. The location has been several things but nothing ever worth visiting a 2nd time. "Love at first sight" occurred when the Staff came around the counter to greet us. They were all super nice and flexible with the menu.I had a cup of soup and half of the club sandwich. The bacon in the club was much appreciated, it was cooked perfectly and there was a generous serving in just half of the sandwich. The soup stole the show! Roasted tomato with smoked Gouda soup - better than la Madeline. There were actually chunks of tomato.On the menu what stood out was that they have a taco bagel!! Refried beans, bacon and cheese on a bacon. Did I find heaven at a pie shop?For $18 we had two lunch specials and one slice of pie and I think it was totally worth it.
<review# 1474,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/26/2012,11/8/2012,36,119,4,4,4>This is one of my favorite new spots for lunch, just across from Bike World and Local Coffee, two of my other favorite AH places.Bird Bakery is more of a cafe than a bakery.  And the interior could be photographed for the Anthropologie catalogue.  I love that their sandwiches aren't overthought--no paninis that are trying too hard.  The menu includes traditional turkey, egg salad, nostalgic grilled cheese, and PBJ, as well as a few others.  Similarly, the cupcakes are not overadorned.  Who really wants three inches of nasty dyed icing?  Not me.  Bird Bakery keeps it real with just the right amount and no day-glo colors.  But if you're over cupcakes, the cookies here are great, and the pumpkin muffin will kick the ass of any other pumpkin muffin.  Service is ALWAYS friendly and the food is classic, fresh, and tasty.  I do find myself wishing they'd add a soup to the menu.  I probably feel this way because the sandwiches are so good.  And it's true, it all adds up.  I'd love a 1/2 sandwich, soup, drink, baby cupcake lunch special.  Hint, hint.
<review# 1475,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2012,11/7/2012,204,426,4,8,5>It is so clear that someone had their thinking hats on when MW was developed.  As the mom of a 16 month old, I am thrilled that there is nothing at her level for her to get into that is not otherwise meant for exploration - short of some flower beds.  All of the areas and features of the park are accessible to her including the water play and discovery area, the wonderful areas, sandbox and discovery village which includes a grocery, newsroom and more.The picnic area has faux wooden benches, eliminating the chance of splinters.  The swings and slides are a non heat absorbing plastic so they are comfortable even in hot weather.The ground of most of the play areas is soft, not concerete, rocks or wood chips like other play areas.While I know bumps, bruises and the like are part of childhood and my kid will fall down again and again for years to come - it is nice to be able to count on a place where I know she can run around and explore without the risks associated with so many other places we frequent as a family.  No worries about steps, quick swinging doors, parking lots or isles of merchandise.As of this review, MW offers a 10 visit punch card for $75 and it is transferrable between adults, so my husband and I can share it and the kid gets free entry until she is two years old.  The card does not expire.
<review# 1476,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2012,11/6/2012,16,48,2,8,3>This review will be a work in progress.  We went to Lüke tonight after hearing many things about it.  So we decided to try it out.    On a thursday night, the place was pretty much empty.  I think there were more workers than customers there.Our waitress was very attentive and had plenty of recommendations to give.  I was hoping that the shrimp an grits would be on the menu, but it wasn't.  After conveying my disappointment to the waitress about this she said she would ask the kitchen if they could whip up some shrimp an grits for me.  Since they place was dead they happily obliged my craving.We started off with the crab and avocado salad.  It was so light and wasn't too briney tasting as I often find crab meat to taste.  The avocado had a nice lemon zest taste to it .  It was very good.Not long after, our dinner courses came.  Mine was 5 sautéed jumbo shrimp resting over a bed of grits and topped with a spicey creole sauce with bits of andouille in it.  The grits were mild and creamy with a nice jalapeño flavor.  I found it balanced the starch of the grits quite well.  The shrimp were cooked perfectly.  Why I loved most about it was the sauce.  It tied the whole dish together so well.  The grits by themselves can be too starchy and can overpower everything.  But the sauce really mellowed them out.  There were a lot I things on the menu I want to try to I will definitely need another trip back to Lüke.  The service was good, and the ambiance was too.  But I am there for the food.  I love creole coastal cuisine. And this might be the beginning of a beautiful friendship.
<review# 1477,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2012,11/5/2012,74,65,3,6,4>This may be the easiest five stars I have ever given.Michael, our server, was extremely attentive, knowledgeable, and helpful with menu selection and suggestions.  I had the grass-fed filet (hard to find in San Antonio), which I ordered medium rare with a char.  It was cooked perfectly and somehow they achieved the char without a burnt flavor.My wife had the grilled chicken, which was the best I've ever tried.  The skin was crispy and the meat was juicy and perfectly cooked.  I would be hard pressed to recommend another restaurant in SA over Citrus.
<review# 1478,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2012,11/4/2012,89,86,2,2,2>The first time I went here, I had the salmon sandwich. It was one of the best sandwiches I've ever had, period. Since then, I've tried at least 4-5 other sammies and all have been top notch. High quality ingredients are used, the chips are homemade and the strawberry lemonade is fresh and a perfect blend of citrus and sweet. My only small complaint was I would've preferred a more traditional salsa bc I didn't care much for the mango one that came with my chips. All in all, a small misstep barely worth mentioning. This is probably my favorite place for sandwiches in SA for the time being.
<review# 1479,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2012,11/3/2012,245,102,3,8,2>Say She Ate was delicious!  There was a good amount of confusion in finding them-- the tweet said that they'd be at 1221 Broadway, but not that they would be tucked away into a hidden corner of the complex.  We managed to find them, though, after a long search.  When we arrived, they let us know that they needed about 20 minutes to be up and running, but brought out some complimentary mimosas while we waited.  They are running an awesome $5 for $10 Yelp deal, so we purchased that and ordered one of everything to try out.  We got the Akaushi Sliders, Duck Fat Fries, Havarti Bacon Grilled Cheese, and Broiled Figs with Balsamic Strawberries and Greek Yogurt.  The sliders and figs were ABSOLUTELY DELICIOUS!  The other two items were tasty, but the sliders and salad were amazing.
<review# 1480,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2012,11/2/2012,132,189,4,3,3>The most attentive staff I have ever run into in my life.  The servers are super hospitable, with suggestions and speedy.  Enchiladas were amazing, margarita was one of the best I've ever had in my life, the chips were perfectly crispy, the salsa perfect and then there was the desert.  We got the Peach / Cream Cheese Empanada with vanilla bean ice cream.  Hooollly ****, it tasted like a churros with sex cheese and peaches and to top it off vanilla ice cream. I think this is my new favorite Mexican restaurant ever.
<review# 1481,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2012,11/1/2012,6,19,3,12,4>Moved about a month ago and these guys were probably the most pleasant and most professional experience we've ever had with any moving company, not to mention affordable! Justin (who I think is the owner) was courteous and straightforward about their fees over the phone; the call didn't last longer than a couple minutes and we already had the appointment all set up. They charge by the hour ($75 per) with a flat rate traveling fee of $35 which we found reasonable even though we didn't move far at all. Also a 5% discount if you pay by cash. There were 2 men that were the actual movers and they arrived on time, were very professional, and did things in an efficient and timely manner. Not once did I feel like they were slacking, taking their time, or that any of the boxes were too heavy for them which I've actually had problems with in the past with other movers lol. We told them we wanted to stay within a specific time frame and they helped us do just that. They worked as fast as they could without compromising safety. All of our stuff was handled with great care and they made sure to wrap up the big item breakables well with blankets. Even any loose items/bags you have they'll offer to pack up in a box provided by them.  The fiancé and I moved from a 1br/1ba 3rd floor walk up to a 2br/2ba 1st floor apt for more space for all our things that are accumulating and to utilize an office; the guys make sure to ask you where you want what and help you with arranging boxes if needed.All in all, everything went smoothly from the moving to the drive to the transaction. It has been a hectic past couple months and I'm glad we found this company that made moving, which is never really easy, actually pretty easy. The guys work hard and deserve great tips. Would def use their services again!
<review# 1482,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2012,10/31/2012,134,336,3,5,4>This has become my newest sweet tooth obsession! BUNDT cakes! Don't tell all my favorite san antonio cupcakeries or they'll frost me. (scared face). The frosting is light, cream cheese type frosting, not too sweet at least not for me and the cake has almost always been perfectly moist and plenty of the flavors its assigned to be. Besides the cute bundtlets they sell for a dozen at $16.50 they have their individual sized bundts in lemon, chocolate chip chocolate, red velvet, raspberry, etc... (the others listed them) then those HUGE Bundt cakes with two different types of drizzle drosting, thick and crazy makes me laugh. My fave is still LEMON bundt, I have to try the rest but it has just enough zing to it that it satisfies any other flavor I could want to try. The shop is quaint, clean, and just so gosh darn adorable! They sell cake accessories, down to a measure-"RING" which is a gold band with clear plastic cups with different measuring shaped like a diamond too cute, greeting cards, aprons, etc. I really wish they opened a shop by seaworld otherwise I wouldn't make the 40 minute drive WITH traffic across 1604 to come out and see this amazing confection. Added bonus: MILITARY DISCOUNT!
<review# 1483,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2010,2/2/2011,74,116,2,1,1>We went to Vela for the first time last night. We decided to go after our wonderful dinner at Paesano's. The ambience is amazing. The sink in the bathroom was full of rose petals, which was a nice touch for Valentine's Weekend. I have to disagree with the previous reviews in regards to service. Our server was very attentive. I had a Pink Kiss cocktail, which was so wonderful, I decided on another. It was not that crowded, so it made for a perfect after-dinner experience. I cannot wait to go back!
<review# 1484,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2010,2/1/2011,17,79,1,1,1>Let me say that when I came here I expected to not like it and leave having only eaten a little of each thing. But, I was stuffed!  I was specifically brought here because I told my friend that I couldn't handle much spice. It's basically Indian for white people (as Nuri said) but, I like it like that. Actually, I would have prefferred a tad more spice but, most Indian things are either very spicy or not. Not a lot of in between and this was very doable for this white girl.  I can't remember the names of a lot of things but, I liked the potato dumpling things and the chicken that was red and also the chicken in a creamy curry sauce. Oh, don't forget the meatballs (very good!) and also, the sweet bread ball things on the desert side (very good too!)Also, on the way out I tried something that was multicolored and looked like sprinkles that go in ice cream. It was really some kind of herb coated in sugar that is supposed to help with digestion. Give it a try!Yes, I like it..
<review# 1485,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2010,1/31/2011,34,56,5,12,9>Before getting into the meat of this review I am going to start off by saying you should check out this place.  If you are hip to the slightly offbeat, hidden treasure type of place you will find Shangrila's a fun dining experience.  I say this for fear I might turn some away with my initial description of the place.  My report of Shangrila is actually a "thumbs-up" but for those used to mainstream chain dining, their quirky charm might be lost.  And so, we enter the true review...Shangrila's is located on the far southeast side of town near Brooks City Base, just north of SE Military Drive on Goliad Rd (next to a Planet K).  At first glance Shangrila might not be a place one would consider dining.  The outside of the establishment is a bit non-descript and bland looking BUT once you get inside the doors it's full of color (figuratively speaking), in a good way! What I mean is, the place/décor has its own unique character a with hint of traditional Chinese garb mixed with American pop culture.  Along the walls and section dividers you will find framed images of celebrities like Elvis, Tina Turner and Bruce Lee, just to name a few.  There are also remnants of mylar decorations, and promotional beer items hanging from the ceiling.  Oh, and I mustn't forget the one wall covered in a life size cityscape of Times Square.The food is pretty good for the price--much better than any fast food type Chinese food but they have prices to match or, actually, even better!  For a dinner special of $8 you get a large portion of whatever entrée plus rice, egg roll, crab rangoon and soup.  Really, two people can eat off of one serving you they are so inclined.Also, aside from the food they have entertainment of sorts a few nights out of the week.  They advertise for dance lessons on Tuesday nights and Karaoke on Friday and Saturday nights--which I hear are a blast.  Unfortunately I can't report on this since I haven't had the pleasure of tying it out yet, but I soon will!I'll just wrap this up by saying this place is worth venturing to try.  If nothing else you can visit a side of town many have probably never bothered to travel.  Shangrila's is an experience worth trying, at least once.
<review# 1486,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2010,1/30/2011,190,18,3,3,5>Confession: I don't know the origin or definition of the Huckleberry.  (Where is Yogi Bear when you need him?)What I do know, however, is that it makes the base for a refreshing margarita, which I was introduced to last night at Roaring Fork - San Antonio. The margarita wasn't sickly sweet or watered down -- it felt like a grown up margarita with a twist. And by the end, I didn't give a Huckleberry about researching the berry.Also, the appetizers Fried Avocado and Crab; Hickory Smoked Salmon; Fondue Pot & Lambchop left me in a food coma. The restaurant has a cool patio with a roaring fire. And take them up on the complimentary valet parking as the spaces fill up quickly.
<review# 1487,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2010,1/29/2011,63,117,6,8,7>Banh Mi! AKA the Chef's Continental sandwich is the quintessential Vietnamese sandwich. It's made with homemade pate, sausage, chicken, lightly pickled daikon radish and carrots, cilantro, and cucumber snuggled between a french bread. Sounds like a mess of a flavor profile, but it's simply delicious. The savoriness of the cold cuts is deepened by the pate and Vietnamese mayo, while the slightly sweet and sour of the radish & carrots cuts the richness of the meat, lastly the cilantro and cucumber freshens everything up, making this the ultimate sandwich. I've had my share of Vietnamese sandwiches. This place delivers some fresh, authentic, perhaps an even upgraded version of some of the best Banh mi's I've ever had in so-cal. 5 stars for food! Now I'm not one to easily dog off stars for service, unless you really make me wait for my food and/or openly discriminate. But here's the upside, I arrived at 6pm in front of a closed French Sandwiches. Looking forlornly through the window, I make eye contact with the owner. He greets me w/ a smile and hurriedly opens the already locked door. I wait 5 mins for my sandwich and Cafe du Monde (fragrant, strong albeit very sweet ice coffee) $7.35. The owner then throws in a complimentary pastry (basically a puff pastry injected with custard) and sends me off w/ a smile. I leave the restaurant, start my car and I see the owner again running towards me w/ a straw that he thought he forgot to give me (but later I discover that he's already put one in there). All that deserves a 6th bonus intangible star for over the top service! So let's support our local eateries, one sandwich at a time, especially when they're so tasty as well.
<review# 1488,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2010,1/28/2011,120,44,3,11,1>I first heard of Romney Pest Control when the local San Antonio rep knocking on my door one day while his company was in my neighborhood working.  At the time, I already had a pest control service that I was satisfied, so I took the guy's information and stashed it in my home info drawer...never thinking I would actually need it.A few months later, when I began to notice a very bad hornet/wasp infestation up in the eves of my home, I called my regular pest control provider to find out that they apparently had not been out to my home in over 6 months for any maintenance spraying because they apparently had a computer upgrade that wiped out their customer contacts.  I was a bit surprised and disappointed that rather than researching their current customer base through the invoice paper trail, they chose to leave it up to the customers to call for service so they could recapture their missing data.  Needless to say, I was not pleased and turned to Romney for a quote...The rep that came to my home several months before turned out to be one of the owners...and the man in charge of their San Antonio office.  He laid out a very fair and reasonable pricing plan which includes ALL pests (other than nosey neighbors) for one simple price.  There are no hidden fees or pricing add-ons for specific pests that many other pest control companies hide behind.Romney Pest Control has been very proactive in scheduling maintenance sprayings on a regular basis and has even come out off-schedule for no charge to redo the area under my backyard deck when I saw two tarantulas crawling out one day.  Their staff has been friendly, efficient and reliable.  And most importantly, I have not had to worry about any wasps, spiders or other creepy crawlies since...and my beloved pink salamanders were not sickened or injured by their environmentally friendly chemicals.  :)
<review# 1489,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2010,1/27/2011,220,318,2,3,2>The atmosphere is BBQ dive-y. The music was old country the day I was there: the good stuff. I let the setting carry me away and dug into our spread with zeal. (EVERY BBQ joint deserves you taking as many friends as you can and trying a little of everything, in my opinion...)The meat I tried was all solidly good. I would say I've had as good or maybe better somewhere else, but it was good. I especially liked the (pulled) pork butt, because almost no one has it; and the sausage because it's meatier than the crap Bill Miller's and Rudy's serve.What really excites me, though, are the sides. Dady's little twists on things delighted in the peach'd pinto beans (but still peppery delicious), the creamed corn (with a little bite at the end of the sweet creamed goodness?), and the macaroni and cheese. I can't point out what set that mac apart for me; I just know I couldn't. stop. eating. it. I don't prefer mayonnaise-y potato salad (I'm a mustard and sweet relish girl) and I don't care for slaw as a rule, so I was less enthused about those as side orders. But the slaw should be a garnish if you're doing pork butt. I recommend a sandwich with slaw on top the way I hear they do in that Other South; mine was mmmm mmm good.I'll admit that I was in a great mood when I had the food. I had great company, I was amused by the "bro cones", and then I was giddy there was a cooler of grape kool-aid next to the tea. The folks working the joint were all friendly, helpful, and fun. Especially Jeff. He kept his eye on us and made us laugh the whole (long, delicious) meal.If you want Rudy's, go to Rudy's. If that's what you're expecting, that's the only place that's gonna do it for you, really. If you like trying different takes on BBQ, go get some.
<review# 1490,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2010,1/26/2011,23,109,1,2,2>Paloma Blanca is a great happy hour locale.  At five o'clock the stylish lounge area, with leather chairs and couches you can sink into, fills up quickly.  The outside patio area is popular as well.You can't go wrong with their antojitos (although, really, can anyone go wrong with things that are fried?) and they make a decently good, very fresh guacamole.  I really enjoyed the lobster nachos on the last visit... although I'm not sure if that was a function of the lobster nachos themselves or the several margaritas beforehand :)
<review# 1491,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2010,1/25/2011,150,84,7,14,7>Pure nostalgia is found here. No menu, no sign, no staff, no bull. Just one lady taking orders, cooking, and discussing local politics. Burger (no double, triple, etc. only small, medium, large) is simple and great, just like the building. Chips and can soda (Big Red just seems right) is all you get with your burger (if you choose). No salads or grilled chicken either. If you want your burger with lettuce or tomato, you're out of luck. Onions, chili, cheese, sauce, ketchup, mustard, and mayo is about all there is. It took me 40 years to find this place (was I wandering?), but I'll be back!
<review# 1492,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2010,1/24/2011,72,119,5,3,3>This is my first "not paying attention to the bf's comments" review. We made a reservation on Saturday night for some app sharing (obviously not something they are not used to here by our waitress's reaction). We are seated and greeted promptly, given the list of specials for the evening, and told we'd be given a few minutes to look over our options and make decisions. This is where our experiences diverge, and I'll be giving mine only for the most part... Water and bread stayed full the entire evening. Never even had to think about that. The bread was great, too, so I was glad it kept coming. We ordered escargots, which were really well prepared, just lacking a bit of salt. We also have tempura lobster tail, which also was well prepared. The breading was a little greasy, which is actually a plus when talking lobster because without fat, it can be pretty boring for a luxury meat. The lightly-dressed side salad served with it was perfect for cutting the grease of the breading. We also go the onion tart with Brie, which was exactly that, a custard-y onion tart with a slice of Brie on top drizzled with a balsamic vinegar or reduction of some kind. Super simple, super tasty. Texture was very creamy and custard-like when it first arrived, then more quiche-like as it cooled, and was very enjoyable both ways. We selected wines by the glass to go with our apps, and both were quite good. The full list was rather extensive and very well selected from what I saw. We passed on dessert (my choosing because of way less chi-chi things I craved at the time like a beer float and some French fries). People watching and listening here was kinda fun. We dubbed the place Üby's during our visit--über-Luby's. I had to be the youngest person in the dining area by at least a decade. I'd give the average age of the dining room as 55. It really felt like a neighborhood place--a lot of old Olmos Park money dining out that evening. If this is the usual clientele, not bad for making money, but not pushing it to be cutting edge or innovative either. And also makes chefs hesitant to use salt. We ask for our check and inform the waitress that we have a groupon. Trouble begins... let's just say a ton of excuses were given, and I got my discount. I understood, but the excuses all added up to the Vatel Group being remiss in getting the numbers of the coupons they sold and tracking them. I was actually a bit upset by that part, and it was more because I'd have rather gone to the restaurant they'd initially sold the groupon for (Ciel off Stone Oak which has since closed) and not Bistro Vatel. I thought our server was great until this issue arose. The bf was already displeased with the service (not the water and bread kids--they rocked), so this argument did nothing to help out her tip, as he was covering any groupon overage. All-in-all, I'd totally come back for the French fare and especially for the $42 prix fixe, but I'd just have a hard time convincing the bf.
<review# 1493,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2013,6/1/2013,99,428,5,8,6>I LOVE Sandwich De Paris. LOVE LOVE LOVE.The people who work in this restaurant are so friendly, it's unreal. The french onion soup is delicious and the sandwiches are great too. I've always gotten the Italian sandwich and never really steered away from it. The sandwich is served on focaccia bread and is so yummy! The prices can't be beat. Go to Sandwich De Paris if you are in the Medical Center.
<review# 1494,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2013,5/31/2013,88,438,2,5,2>One of the finer places in San Antonio and slightly more city than most high end downtown spots. Everything about this place is spot-on. Amazing service, a great menu and a really robust wine list. Reservations are a big plus as it fills up fast. Even the valet parking is great.... and by that I mean dirt cheap and fast. More than any other place downtown, this is definitely more suit and tie than dressy jeans. From my experiences, it's the power place for the conventioneers and those looking to do the "dinner at Dorsia" thing. From that aspect, it's not as laid back as some other downtown favorites, but still not stuffy or formal.If at all possible, go for the chef's seasonal tasting menu. If you get there a little early, ask if they can still do it. Chances are the answer will be yes. So whip out the platnium AMEX and load up on eggshell white romalian type business cards!
<review# 1495,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2013,5/30/2013,28,210,2,4,5>This place has great authentic Mexican seafood - try it and you will not be disappointed.  The shrimp aguachile was amazing.  We got the small order with green salsa - you get a lot for the price!  I have to say that I'm not a fan of the garlic fish soup they gave us - but since it was included for free, I can't complain too much.  Fish tacos are excellent as well.  In San Antonio, we are lucky to have several great Mexican seafood places and Camaron Pelado is right near the top.
<review# 1496,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2013,5/29/2013,285,293,3,15,6>I met Ana at a networking event and she told me that she liked my hair, but she would make some improvements. I told her I'd be making an appointment with her.Raw is a small house converted into a hair studio. Because it's a small place, it's always busy! I love going to Raw because I always get a head massage and hand massage - for free! And they usually have champagne.Ana does an amazing stacked bob. I mean, the best. It's hard to do a bob well, but Ana nails it. She's also kind of my mentor for life. As a woman and an entrepreneur, she has great experiences and loves to talk and listen to customers. This place is more than a hair studio - it's a place you can meet some great people.
<review# 1497,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2012,5/28/2013,89,112,4,6,5>Can't not love La Tuna. I've been here so many times and just love to chill out with a Woodchuck and a friend or four. And, since it's situated right on a corner, a slight breeze comes through on summer nights (sometimes!) and on the cooler nights of autumn, go nowhere else!During my last visit here on a Sunday, a food truck was parked in front, and La Tuna allowed anyone to bring the truck's food to their patio (of course with consumption of La Tuna's adult beverages).They have excellent prices and usually a bottle on special. Pretty dive-y and very cool :)
<review# 1498,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2013,5/27/2013,107,89,4,3,2>Do not go here for extensive menu selections.We went for brunch and I could tell my husband was irritated with the lack of selection. That went away, however, when we had our meal.Burger- One of the best burgers I've ever eaten. Holy hell- that meat was seasoned and delicious. Pancakes- With sweet Chicory coffee syrup and pistachio butter. I melted with bliss. The pancakes were just the right amount of sweet, and the green pistachio butter was the perfect foil to the slightly Chicory flavored maple syrup.Irritation: No iced tea and no soft drinks- just beers and liquor. This becomes problematic when you want something other than alcohol to drink with food. Next time I'd just get toe up at brunch.
<review# 1499,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2013,5/26/2013,108,112,3,5,4>Whenever out-of-town guests visit, I always bring them here for authentic, no-frills Mexican food. The complimentary thick, hearty chips and  accompanying spicy salsa will leave your stomach happy but mouth burning (water refills required). Order any of the mini taquitos with corn tortillas, especially the carnitas and al pastor, and you won't be disappointed. All the meats I've tried are bursting with flavor and don't even require additional salsa for taste; they're also served with cilantro, lime, and caramalized onions for you to customize your meal.One item that hasn't impressed me though is the chorizo/egg breakfast taco. It was more egg than chorizo, and the skimpy portion of chorizo lacked flavor itself.For a quick, refreshing way to cool down, try the horchata-so cinnamony and light, not too sugary. They also sell limited flavors of El Paraiso paletas and wedding cookies here for those who want to satisfy their sweet tooth. As one of the few establishments open late near the medical center, Taqueria Datapoint is high on my list of places for a quick, tasty meal.Oh and did I mention their restroom is pristine?
<review# 1500,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2013,5/25/2013,34,107,4,10,4>If this were a one-word review, it would be "AMAZING!!!!"  However, I get to elaborate, so I will. Every time we walk in, we head straight for the coffee/tea bar.  I grab a hot chocolate with hazelnut syrup in it.  It should be mandatory for everyone to try this at least one.  Warning, you WILL be hooked!  My man gets his dark roast coffee. Now we're ready to shop.First off is the always-fresh, always-delicious produce.  Unique fruits and vegetables are there for the adventurous chef.  Great selection and quality every time!Next up as you turn the corner is the best bulk department I've ever experienced.  Bulk coffee that you can grind there.  Bulk candy, grains, seeds, nuts, oils and balsamic vinegars (you are reading that correctly), and various treats.  They always have adorable seasonal candies that are fun to put in my candy bowl at work.  Then there's the meat department - great selection and usually someone grilling up a sample or three to try out.  Good grub!Next up - one of my favorites - cheese!!!  Now everyone has a cheese drawer in their fridge, but most people don't have a cheese drawer that ONLY has room for cheese.  No meat.  No eggs.  No extra fruits or veggies.  JUST CHEESE.  WHY????  Because Central Market has so many good cheeses, and I have little will power when it comes to cheese.  They often have free samples of many varieties as well.  Another little thing you may not know - they sell cheese curds if you're into making your own mozzarella.  Made mozzarella with cheese curds from another store, and they did not produce as delicious of a cheese as CM's, so try it out if you're so inclined.  Right next to all of the cheese is the rest of the deli (hello savory meats for amazing antipasto plates), the olive bar, and all of the prepared meals.  If I worked close to CM, I'm sure I'd be in there several times a week to grab a quick lunch.  However, I'm not, so I haven't really hit up this section of the store.  We do all of the cooking in our house.  Fresh bread is like heaven, especially with all of that yummy cheese.  Well, they have great selection, fresh daily, and again samples to try them out so you can figure out your favorite one or five loaves to take home.Just like any other grocery store, they've got the frozen food, cleaning supplies, pretty large wine selection, and baking needs.  They have a great selection of hard to find items, especially for avid bakers like myself.  They have a beautiful floral department that my sweetie usually picks up a bouquet for me.  They also have some pretty cool cooking classes.  I've only taken one so far, but it was a blast.  They are pricey, but I did learn some techniques I've been trying to master with chocolate.  Overall, great store.  I swear my father-in-law visits San Antonio just so he can go to Central Market.  Seriously, on a 6 day visit we will make 4-5 trips there.  It's a great store with quality groceries.  Go get you some!
<review# 1501,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2013,5/24/2013,39,71,4,3,4>Love this place! We started off with the gringo dip, which I highly recommend! The menu has a little bit of everything, which I found a fairly healthy option. Every order was served in large portions. Everyone at my table ended up taking 1/2 of their meal to go.The only thing I was confused by was their lack of a beer menu. Their bar/patio area seems more of a hangout spot. I thought there would be more beer choices, but they did have all the main brews that everyone flocks to.I'll definitely be going back!
<review# 1502,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2013,5/23/2013,114,280,2,3,2>I love me some yummy Vietnamese food from time to time. The best pho i've ever had is when i visited Boston a few years ago. Pho Ha Long is not too far off. Since i was in the mood for some Vietnamese and it is relatively close to work, I went there the second time for lunch. Their food is consistently good. I ordered #29 if I remembered correctly. It was the vermicelli with pork and egg roll, very flavorful. I also had their bubble tea before which was very good too. My coworker (FYI she is white) ordered a pig blood noodle soup. I mean pig bloody blood soup, lol!! I never thought she'd try that. Bravo! She let me taste some and it was actually pretty awesome. I might try it myself next time and I'd also like to try their pho for sure.
<review# 1503,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2014,4/19/2014,80,87,6,9,8>The Bharmacy is one of my favorite brunch spots in town. But this is not the place for picky foodies looking for another culinary adventure to yap about. No, dear yelp folk, this is just a place that makes hearty omelets (watch out they are huge) and just good ol' plain coffee inside a very unassuming, yet cozy, setting. You will NOT find a pack of ipadders obnoxiously instagramming their pancakes and you will NOT have to witness Miss. I-only-buy-Prada harassing the staff. Although I've only had their 3-Egg Omelets, I hear their Steak & Eggs and their Chilaquiles are pretty good, too. The prices are low, servings are huge, the atmosphere is chill, the service is friendly and the whole experience is just very low-key. Perfect spot to hit after a brutal night of inappropriate partying and overindulgence. AND for introverts - it's the perfect place for them, too. But the Bharmacy is not just a safe heaven for the hung over. It is also a place to party AND consume what'll become that future hangover. They have live music everyday, blues and jazz usually, a full lunch and dinner menu, signature shakes, malts and floats, a pretty decent wine list and beer - lot's of beer. OMG they have cider, too. Ace AND Angry Orchard (marry me, you guys!). First-timers must try their beer milk shakes - strangely delicious.
<review# 1504,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2013,4/18/2014,220,318,4,14,7>Right next door to Four Kings: cafeteria-style cajun food. (Which means it's been on the warmer, but also means you can get your [lunch] on the quick.)Everything we tried was worth eating again. Mac and cheese is gooey simple just-right.Greens have some pepper sauce already built-in, so you don't have to do any seasonin' yourself.The crawfish etoufee didn't tickle my fancy, but then I'm not much of a crawfish fan and the flavors are strong with this dish.Cornbread muffins are sweet. Can't wait to pair with a bowl of gumbo.Banana pudding hits the sweet spot.
<review# 1505,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2014,4/17/2014,200,68,17,25,11>Hello. My name is Jaime, and I'm a pho-caholic. I've been a heavy pho-caholic since I was 12. My parents were heavy pho users too, and they didn't see anything wrong with letting the kid have a taste. Before I knew it, I was hooked. Eating pho every day of the week was not unusual for me. I'd gladly eat pho for breakfast. I've performed unspeakable acts just to get my pho fix. And I'm ashamed to admit, I just ate some pho yesterday. It's true. I can still smell the lime on my fingertips. No, I haven't washed my hands since yesterday. Yes, I picked up the bowl and slurped up the last drops of that fiery broth like a man dying for water in the desert. And no, I'm never gonna quit. Pho Kim Long? Well, they're not exactly helping me kick this habit. And I ain't mad about it, either. So less get super official wit da review. The broth...is just so fragrant! You bite the spring roll, the spring roll bites back. Dat's how you know you have an official spring roll. Dayum Dayum DAYYYUUUUUMMMM!Seriously, Pho Kim Long is good. It ain't perfect, but it IS dayum good. Let's start with the broth: the heart and soul of a good bowl of pho. It's very fragrant, with notes of clove and star anise. Always served super hot. Lighter in body, but still pleasingly beefy. I taste it, then I load it up with sriracha, hoisin and extra lime. A sacrilege, I know, but I'm an addict. Dirty street style. Mmm, slurp. And how 'bout dem noodles? Dem noodles is good. Dem noodles is pretty hard to pho-ck up if you have even the slightest clue about how to make pho, so I ain't gonna talk about it too long. But I will give you a pro tip for youngbloods new to the pho game on how to deal with the "noodle brick."Now, at almost every pho place you go to, you're gonna have a "noodle brick" at the bottom of the bowl. (I'm gonna stop using quotes now 'cause that shit is a pain in the ass) Anyway, this noodle brick usually trips up beginners, because it's pretty much a large, solid mass at the bottom of your bowl of soup. And who wants that, right? Well, let me assure you: nobody in the kitchen made a mistake. It's simply a result of the process. The rice noodles are cooked and dumped in the bowl a few seconds before the piping hot broth is added. And during that short window, the gluten in the rice noodles (or starch, if you want to call it that) hardens the noodles into a solid lump. Not to worry: we have the technology. Here's how to deal with it quickly and efficiently:Take dem chopsticks, spread 'em about 2-3 inches apart and insert dey asses into the bowl, all perpendicular to the surface of the broth and shit, down into dat noodle brick. Now twerk 'em around for a few seconds. Den remove dem chopsticks, reinsert at a different location and repeat. Do this 4-5 times, your the brick breaks up and your noodles are wonderfully liberated. And now you don't have to write an angry and slightly ignorant review about it! Yay!Anyway, the final keystone to good pho is obviously the beef itself. And they don't mess that up here either. All the cuts are good, so are the meatballs. Chicken's even good. End of meat story. What else do they do awesome here? Ummm...the pan fried flat rice noodles are amazing! You can get chicken, beef or shrimp on them. Or hello? ALL THREE!!!! And the sauce is amazing. And it soaks into the crispy fried noodle pancake at the bottom. And then your face melts. Also, the banh mi. And the spring rolls--the fresh ones. The lime soda is weird, but I liked it. Aaaaand I also like the pho with beef broth and tons of veggies. GO THERE. EAT IT. PEACE OUT.
<review# 1506,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2014,4/16/2014,130,134,10,13,11>1st off, I have to apoligize to my fellow Yelpers for not believing their reviews.  I mean, a 5 star restaurant in Spring Break?  Give me a break.Let me just say that this place is awesome!!!  I can't believe that it took me this long to try it.I went with a coworker at lunch today.  Walked in and were welcomed and seated immediately in really nice surroundings.We were offered both the lunch specials and the full menu.  I went with the "pick 2" option while my coworker went with the "pick 3".  I ordered catfish and shrimp and she ordered soup, fish taco, and seafood enchilada.  While our food was being prepared they brought out fresh bread and butter - SOLD!In a short period of time, our orders were delivered exactly as we had ordered.  Both of us were very happy, and my coworked already posted on her facebook account that she has a new favorite restaurant in San Antonio. I've seen reviews where people have said it's worth the drive from San Antonio.  It difinitely is.  This place is now on my regular rotation of places to eat. Fellow Yelpers, thanks for enticing me to try this place.  Don't forget the dessert:)
<review# 1507,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2014,4/14/2014,29,100,6,14,7>This is my favorite place in town for a quiet place to study. This quirky little tea shop is in the back of a very large antique store. It's extremely fun to browse the shelves as you head on back for a proper cuppa. The staff is extremely friendly and knowledgeable. They can make educated recommendations based on your taste preferences and with nearly 50 different varieties of tea, there is bound to be something for everyone. They also make tea based drinks.I have sampled the chocolate chai latte, the velvet tea latte and a berry hibiscus punch. All were extremely tasty. Each pot of tea is perfectly steeped and is brought out with a different little tea cup. On my latest visit I was served in an awesome vintage pink Fiestaware cup. Previously I've been served in fine bone china and handle-less Japanese style cups. I find the surprise cup to be integral to the entire experience. I also think it's kind of fun that you get to sit on furniture that is also for sale. I usually sit in one of the small metal bistro tables, but they have something for every tush. They do one thing that I absolutely love to achieve that perfect steep. They set a timer on each pot with the exact amount of time that your particular variety will need. When the timer goes off, they remove the tea, and bring it out. They will not bring it to you any earlier than that so you're not drinking weak tea and they won't leave the loose tea in the pot when they bring it so you're not drinking bitter tea. This ensures that each pot of tea is at optimal flavor and temperature. I've only eaten the lemon squares here, but most people rave about the miles of chocolate and the scones. I have not had the pleasure to enjoy lunch here yet, but I've seen other patron's plates and the paninis look very tempting. I think my only complaint is that because they are in the back of a retail store, they have to follow the hours of said store and they usually close at 5pm. This makes it virtually impossible to stop in after work for a late afternoon pick-me-up. On a recent afternoon, I was heading there with a friend. We got distracted browsing the shelves and only reached the back at about 5:15. The employee had already closed out, but she graciously gave us a sample of a tea punch and encouraged us to visit during open mic night (1st and 3rd Mondays) when they stay open later.
<review# 1508,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2013,4/13/2014,177,94,6,14,10>I haven't reviewed Big Hops yet? What the hell have I been doing?Big Hops is a craft beer paradise! They have a constantly rotating lost of craft beers, a lot of them ftom Texas. You will never not be able to find something that you like on tap here (Big 3 beers excluded). This is a growler fill station first and foremost. You can sit there and have a point or two while you decide what you want to fill up to take home though.  They offer samples too in case you want to try something out of your normal style. It was never supposed to be a "bar." The original concept was essentially a beer store, however it has turned into a great local hangout.  The Big Hops staff is also amazing.  Extremely knowledgeable and always willing to answer your questions or just sit and BS about beer.  If there is a style you've never had, they will explain what it is and give you a sample.  If you have a certain beer that you like but they don't have it, they'll make a suitable recommendation and pour you a sample.  These guys really know their beer!If you love craft beer you really need to get here and check it out. Be warned though, if you're looking for a big 3 (Bud, Miller, Coors) this is not the place that you will find it. Follow them on Twitter @bighopsgrowlers and FB Big Hops Growler Station. Cheers!
<review# 1509,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2014,4/12/2014,285,134,6,13,16>My first review of 2014 and it had to be special so I chose Mixtli.  Mixtli stands for cloud, so when I think about clouds they travel where the wind takes them, and Mixtli's food will take you to different states of Mexico.  This is not Tex-Mex.  This is Mexican Cuisine at its best and we are so lucky to have it here in San Antonio.The evening we dined, the cloud was hovering over the state of Chiapas, the most southeastern state of Mexico.  And the menu was amazing.  Eight course of magical and wonderful food that brought back so many memories.  Diego, the chef, has such a passion for cooking and for cooking Mexican cuisine.  Since during dinner it was just my husband and I, we really got a chance to talk to Diego and got to ask a lot of questions , which made the evening more memorable because we talked about food.  Jesse who I believe is a mixologist paired these amazing wines and drinks with the meals and we were in heaven floating with the clouds.  We had mentioned to Diego that we had been to Noma just a couple of months ago and maybe I'm biased but they are on they way to make a name for themselves.  The food here is basically farm to table, so one gets top quality food.  If you are interested in dining at Mixtli, go to their website.  Purchase tickets for the meals (before noon the day you wish to go) and enjoy.
<review# 1510,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2013,4/11/2014,86,141,4,19,11>I was searching for a place to do lunch on a weekday and had made my decision to get some BBQ. When I drove by the BBQ place, it looked like a ghost town and I thought it was closed (no bright open sign to signal me otherwise). That's when I noticed the bright "Open" sign in Saeb's window. I saw that it had just recently opened and thought I would take a gamble! I walked in and the place was quiet (I'm pretty sure I came within the first few days of it's opening). The servers were really pleasant and my server was friendly and attentive. The menu was a print out from a Word document (I won't hold that against them, it looked like a draft for a real menu). There was almost 10 pages of options, I decided to go with a recommendation from the server. I got Pad Thai and Spring Rolls. The order of Spring Rolls was enough to feed two or three easily. They were excellent and tasty. I was expecting them to come out in rice paper, unfried. They were fried but I wouldn't have it any other way. The Pad Thai was also a large, large portion. I've never had Pad Thai before (yes I know, I'm a few years behind!) but this was good. The cook came out a few seconds after my dish and let me know she forgot my spice. No biggie, I thought this was better because I was able to regulate the temperature. I was able to take home most of my meal and some spring rolls.The portions were large, the price was fair, and the service was great. I will come back so I can try their Pho and Panang! I like supporting small, local places.
<review# 1511,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2013,4/10/2014,274,398,4,18,12>A beautiful vintage building circa early 1900's. An all around great experience, When the weather is nice the patio is an excellent place to relax with a drink and some delicious grub. And then inside you find a massive tree trunk coming in through the floor and then out through the ceiling. The fried jalapenos and the chicken fried steak are both excellent options. The service is great, food very good and the prices fair. Could you ask for more?
<review# 1512,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2013,4/9/2014,245,102,14,38,32>This is one review that I hate having to write.  Part of me wanted to keep Joe's a secret so I'd always get one of the 5 seats at the counter, but I couldn't stop myself from evangelizing Phyllis to everyone that would listen.  Unfortunately, I won't be able to do that anymore, as Phyllis passed away recently.  She really was a community gem, a cranky little curmudgeon that would shame you for asking for ketchup or grilled onions, then still crack a smile and order you to be careful when you left.  She would tell you how paying for water was stupid, and that diet drinks are rat poison, but you could tell that she truly cared about her customers.  She would always sit and tell me her opinions on everything from politics to dogs, not once caring if anyone disagreed with her, which we all knew better than to say if we did.  It was Phyllis that made Joe's Hamburger Place what it was.  I didn't go there to eat the burgers, but to listen to her.The burgers were nothing special, just ground beef, slapped on to an antique cast iron griddle, smashed and squished until she felt the were appropriately cooked, seasoned with just salt once they came off, plopped onto a toasted bun with mustard, Miracle Whip (if you asked nicely), chopped white onions, cheese, and her secret sauce.  If you want produce on your burger, you better bring it yourself.  She would slice a tomato up for you, provided you brought it.  The whole thing was wrapped up and plopped in front of you, to be eaten with copious amounts of paper towels, hot sauce, and if you were smart, a bag of Fritos and a Big Red.  These are the burgers that your grandma would have made for you, except with a side of politics. You can't mention the burgers without the prices.  A medium (which I could barely finish) comes out to a whopping $1.15.  When you're ready to go, she takes out her pencil and does the math for your order on the counter top consulting an old tax table for the tax.  You pay and she brings your change, leaving all of the cash on the counter, held in place under an empty soda can or a hot sauce bottle.  No one ever disturbs any of her piles of money, and it's just part of the experience.  When you try to tip (which for these prices, you had BETTER!) she would rasp at you and tell you to "put that away.  That's too much.  Put that up now." so that you would have to sneak a few bucks down before you ran out.  A lunch at Joe's really was an experience that everyone should have had.  Phyllis will be truly missed.
<review# 1513,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2013,8/10/2013,88,178,2,8,4>I have used The Palms for boarding my 3 special needs dogs and the service and quality of care that my pets experienced while there is unparalleled. When it comes to my pets I can be a little particular and The Palms made sure that all of my specifications were followed out to a T. Customers are able to bring their own pet food, beds, medications, and toys (all of which are cataloged so that you get them back when you leave). As I said before, all of my dogs are special needs and need to be on medications for different things (seizures, allergies, and arthritis) and regardless of how many times medications need to be given they do not charge extra like most other facilities.I love that they have different sized kennels to choose from and allow you to board 2 pets in the same space. I've utilized the swanky "Suites" which are in a much quieter area of the building so it is great for dogs that get stressed out easily like my Maggie. They are 100% tiled and have Kuranda dog beds as well as TV's! I usually board my pitbull (Maggie) and my shih tzu (Little Shitzu) together in a medium "Suite" and they have more than ample room to do their own thing. For my husky (Toby) I like to use the "Cabanas" which come in a variety of sizes and also come standard with Kuranda beds. They are a great size and although are a little louder still suit my pup just fine. On the pick up day I typically opt for bathing my dogs. Getting a bath is great, but it also means that if you don't have to pay for boarding the last day! I believe they call it an exit bath and your pet can get bathed, a nail trim, and ears cleaned all for $35 including the last day of boarding regardless of what time you pick them up. SCORE! The staff is great and they always make sure that your pet is being cared for like it were their own. When I come to pick up my dogs (and all of their stuff) the staff always tell me how great they were and any cute little idiosyncrasies my pets may have. I would not hesitate to recommend The Palms to anyone because I truly think that it is the best boarding facility in town.
<review# 1514,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2013,8/9/2013,10,171,2,5,3>A 20 minute drive from 1604 in San Antonio,  is Gruene Hall, "The Oldest Dance Hall In Texas". I've been here a few times, last night I saw James McMurtry. This place is a small music venue with a ton of character, the original wood floors are warped and the pictures on the wall show a who's who in music has played here. Inside the place is primarily standing room only. There is picnic table style seating along the walls but once the rooms fills up you'll have to stand to see anything, so wear comfortable shoes. I bet this place can hold 500 people inside, so it gets hot considering there is no A/C, just fans. If you sit outside in the courtyard area you can still hear and see, as they have screens on all the windows. I like this place. The only negatives: parking can be difficult, bar is cash only and by the end of the night the crowd can get quite obnoxious.
<review# 1515,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2013,8/8/2013,139,107,4,6,7>The Spurs are a Dynasty.I am so proud to be a San Antonian where our Spurs are such involved members of our community.  Not only do they play great basketball but they are wonderful role models for the next generation.  The games are a blast.  GO SPURS GO!
<review# 1516,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2013,8/7/2013,107,89,6,6,4>This is my second office, which is not great because I keep drinking these damn Tiger Spice chais and it's probably keeping on these last forty pounds I need to lose...I digress.I do a lot of coffee shop meetings and I ALWAYS direct people here. Starbucks sucks- their drinks aren't good and for whatever reason, they always have booming music so loud that I can't even talk or take a phone call. Olmos Perk is the perfect anti-Starbucks. The drinks are actually great (have a Tiger Spice chai and thank me later) and the atmosphere is actually conducive for conducting business. They also attract a lot more of the professional crowd instead of the teeny boppers, which makes me feel less nuts. I've also only encountered like two children here which is essential for me enjoying a coffee shop (sorry parents, please leave the tykes at home if they can't behave). Thanks for never kicking me out Olmos Perk after hours of using your free wifi!
<review# 1517,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2013,8/6/2013,67,212,6,5,6>Are you kidding me?  How could it be less than five stars?  Even if you didn't like each food and drink item, you surely liked something. My mind boggles at all the yummy things together in one spot.My favorites: (1) Bohannon's cheese and meats (2) Deep Eddy Vodka (and I'm a beer drinker)(3) Crispin Cider - I just must have been drinking bad cider all this time. This stuff was awesome, especially the pear nectar. (4) Green Vegan - who would have thought these Brownies would be this good?  I'll have to rethink this 'green vegan' stuff. (5) County Line sausage - yeah baby.Not so favorite (but I'm sure they have their place in the world) - Genius Gin. I like gin, just not all curdled with coconut milk and some brown powder. Partly my fault; I just had what everyone else was having. I bet a gin and tonic would have been great.Also seeing and talking with my fellow Eliters was very cool. Me and John had an interesting discussion about review-writing. What motivates us.Gloria, thanks so much for organizing this event! I look forward to the next one.
<review# 1518,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2013,8/5/2013,52,667,12,7,4>To whom it may concern, I want to complain about few things after my two recent trips to your place:1) Why are your waitresses so cute, friendly and attentive? You know you are a burger joint, right? Can you hire someone that hates life? Or better yet, someone that is borderline psyco? 2) Why are you burgers so greasy?  I can't play the, let me help your brush your hair off from your t-shirt and I accidentally touched your boobs heheh game, with my dates! Since there will be a greasy hand print on her boobs, I mean hair. 3) Why are you burger so delicious? I brought two of my females friends here and they munched down the Slimboy Burger before I could finished my Fattboy and they stared at my food and have this, hey, you going to finish that burger in their eyes. For someone that considers himself a hotter version of Mario Lopez, I want the attention. Your burger shouldn't steal the attention from me! Please use day old bread and dry burger patties so my dates can pay attention to me instead. Now for those doesn't get my sarcastic humor, here is the translation to the everyday language. I'm not the hotter version of Mario Lopez. =)I don't like to use the term Best soso in town because everyone has their version of what considers the best. But this is the spot I bring my out-town friends for burgers, so there. Now, this isn't the healthiest burger, that's why I only been here twice and probably wouldn't be back for another month or so since I'm trying to look like the hotter version of Mario Lopez =), unless of course if you are looking for a burger night date and did I mention that I think girls that can chow down a fat burger is sexy? =)  I think I got my point crossed, I love their burgers and this is the place I brings my friends for burgers, please swing by and enjoy yourself a Fattboy or Slimboy (which I think is like their diet version of Fattboy).
<review# 1519,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2013,8/4/2013,125,331,4,6,6>Wow!  Really great (pre-prepared) gourmet food on a healthy level.  I tried the medium sized "fried" chicken with kale and the mashed cauliflower.  The fried chicken was actually a very nice sized baked chicken breast breaded with almonds.  I have never had mashed cauliflower before, but have heard of it many times from the lo carb folks.  It was really quite tasty and had just a little bit of a spicy "kick" to it. Their variety is awesome and they even have a discount shelf.  This consists of stuff made the day before that didn't sell.  Don't be scared of it, it's still safe to consume!The only thing keeping them from five stars is that they are just a tad on the pricey side.  Other than that, the food quality was great and so was the service.  You should check this place out for yourself.
<review# 1520,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2013,8/3/2013,200,68,5,5,4>An institution of the North St. Mary's strip, Tacos El Regio has been feeding the sloppy, late night bar crowd that stumbles out of the establishments in this neighborhood for years. My further ringing endorsement is as follows: I like food trucks, I visit them a lot, and this has to be the BEST traditional taco truck I've ever encountered. But it's not just the food that makes Tacos el Regio special. It's the bizarre events I've witnessed there on many occasions. For example:One blustery eve, as my confederates and I were enjoying a crepuscular beer sponge from this fine establishment, we took notice of a kerfuffle to yon leeward side of the truck. Peeking around the corner, we witnessed an intoxicated yet fetching young blond woman scuffling with the doorman of the ladies' nightclub next door. She had clearly experienced the misfortune of being over-served by an unscrupulous bartender. As the bouncer escorted her to the property's egress, she broke away from his grasp and turned on him, lobbing besotted barbs of disdain in his general direction. Suddenly, through no fault of her own, her posterior introduced itself to the pavement. At this point, my friends and I slowly began to realize that a dinner show had been included with the price of our tacos. We were pleased at this unexpected bargain, and adjusted our seats to ensure maximum viewing enjoyment. A woman nearby bargain videotaping the evening's shenanigans with her cellphone video camera, undoubtedly for the enjoyment of her social media compatriots. Meanwhile, further insults and curses erupted as our protagonist rolled around drunkenly on the floor of the terrace. This behavior continued as we enjoyed several more bites of delicious taco, until three police cars appeared. The constabulary quickly assessed the poor sot's complete lack of motor control, calmly sauntered over, and placed her in shackles. At this point, the tipsy tart had burst into tears and begun a clever strategy of alternating highly offensive insults with blubbering pleas for release. Unfortunately these efforts did not improve her situation with Johnny Law. She was assisted to her uncooperative feet and escorted--perhaps dragged would be a better choice of verbiage--to the back of a squad car by two taciturn and long-suffering officers. As is the wont of any group of lawmen, there was a lot of standing around and shooting of the bull after the suspect had been apprehended. At this point, our attention began to wane, though we were amused at the muffled insults still spewing from inside the squad car. As we turned back to our own conversation, a further commotion erupted from the back of the police car. The rear door had somehow been opened, and the woman had now returned to the asphalt's sweet embrace, rolling, crying, and spewing insults.  Perhaps there had been an unsuccessful attempt to cross-examine her? The bemused officers assisted her back into the vehicle before wrapping up the operation and departing. Sadly, I never learned what became of the intoxicated woman. And perhaps even more sadly, I did not make contact with the other woman who was kind enough to document the evening's shenanigans with her cell phone. However, I do take comfort in the knowledge that this little incident has not been the only spectacle of such epic proportions I have witnessed while dining here. And even if it's something small, like chatting with a dude blatantly smoking a joint across the table, or something really cool, like watching a man dressed as Thor throw a hammer through the window of a truck as it speeds away (I understand the driver deserved it) I can always be assured that something interesting will happen during my meal at Tacos el Regio. And for those who were tenacious enough to read this far, a nugget of wisdom: the al pastor rocks here, but my fave--believe it or not--is the secret off-menu veggie tacos.
<review# 1521,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2013,8/2/2013,285,134,6,9,6>Had to try this place after ready a review on Yelp and I'm so glad I did.  I ordered pretty much everything on the menu and my partner in crime (in over eating) came along.  Oh boy, where do I start.  I ordered the brisket Banh Mi, it was perfectly cooked and seasoned!  They were out of the lime, cilantro hot wings so I ordered their regular hot wings and they were out of this world and not greasy at all.  Also ordered their egg rolls, but they did lack flavor.  The pork on the skewers with the fried rice was cooked perfectly.  I was planning on bringing the food back home to eat, but we decided to eat in the car, and if I had more room I would have ordered another round of the wings!  Would definately go again just for the hot wings!
<review# 1522,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2013,8/1/2013,37,132,3,4,4>Holy S*&^%$ this is the place to go! I have given up on authentic Chinese. I was beginning to think I would have to go to China for a good Chinese meal. This is much closer. Kim Wah does not disappoint! They have two menu's (brillent) American Chinese (blah) and Authentic Chinese (hooray!) We had the Kim Wah chicken and I am quite possibly in love. Sautéed carrots, chives and garlic over chicken. My mouth is watering just writing about it. It was PERFECT! The problem I see with this is that this will be the only thing I order for awhile. There are plenty of other things on the menu that I am dying to try thought too. The dish is basically family style so one dish did feed two of us.  I had a bubble tea to finish it off and that was pretty perfect too. I am so looking forward to coming back! They have a regular for sure!
<review# 1523,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2010,5/26/2011,35,68,5,6,6>I've never actually sat down to eat here, only tacos alla to go-go.  The to go taco kitchen is seperate from the main kitchen, so all the orders are processed muy rapido.  The lengua guisada is the best i've ever had, and the morcilla comes with so many vegetables you might forget your eating some delicious blood.  The barbacoa is up there with san antonio's best and the chicharrone was slipery when wet, if you know what i mean...it was good.  Then we come to the torres special, only in this great country called TEXAS can such a wonderful thing exist, it's a bean, cheese, bacon and avocado taco.  *tear*  god bless tejas and god bless the torres special.
<review# 1524,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2011,5/25/2011,234,170,7,7,6>Okay, you know what? This is as good as it gets. Now that I've been to Luke a few more times (and their website is up and running), there is nothing holding me back from awarding them the full monty. Five stars for Luke, because every single thing I've had here has been off the chain. On my last visit, I had a cup of swoon-worthy gumbo that was so good I seriously contemplated licking the bowl, and the roasted suckling pig with mustard greens and cornbread. They were generous enough to serve it with with the pig skin, which was seared separately to its crispiest and most perfect form. My friend and I attempted the bread pudding after our meal, despite the fact that we could only muster a few bites. Overall: Yes. Just yes.Get the French 75. (Get two.) Get the shrimp in a cup. In fact, just come with a large party and order the entire menu. It's that good.
<review# 1525,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2010,5/24/2011,38,53,,5,2>You'll be transported back in time by the old world charm of this 80 year old deli.  Schilo's  (shee-lows) serves as a hallmark of the German pioneers that settled in South Texas and imparted their culture on the Texas culinary landscape forever. Come for the daily lunch special and stay for the homemade ice cold root beer.Even though Schilo's is a deli, I'm drawn more to their daily lunch specials based on classic comfort food such as chicken & dumplings, roast beef and meatloaf.  What also shouldn't be missed here is their traditional German fare such as wiener schnitzel, bratwurst, knock wurst and potato pancakes.Schilo's is a unique dinning experience unlike anything else you will experience this side of the Atlantic. The large portions, low prices, always pleasant and expeditious service makes this a must if you're looking for a break from plethora of tex-mex in San Antonio. Steve's Tip: You haven't been to Schilo's until you've had their famous homemade root beer, split pea soup and Miss Irma's Apple Streussel with a side of vanilla ice cream.  If you don't know, now you know.
<review# 1526,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2010,5/23/2011,146,167,1,2,1>Who doesn't love Twin Sisters? I do, and I guarantee you will too. I usually go for breakfast/brunch on the weekends. The meals are light, tasty, and just the right size to fill you up without making you feel like you just gorged. From the french toast to migas, I would recommend it all! As if great food wasn't enough, the staff and owners are soooo nice. There is absolutely nothing to complain about.An added bonus, if you ride your bike to Twin Sisters during the month of May, you'll get 25% off your total tab! My boyfriend and I were pleasantly surprised this past weekend when we rode over and saved over $5 on brunch--score."Two very enthusiastic thumbs up." (Name that movie!) :)
<review# 1527,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2010,5/22/2011,17,56,7,12,2>It was about a year ago that the heavens opened up and pointed a ray of light towards Cali Nails, guiding me gently towards it.  By that time, I had already been living in San Antonio for a year and was about at my wits end with frustration having gone to at least 20 different nail salons with the hopes of finding a decent one.  I was almost to the point of insanity where I was considering flying home to VA to the salon that had been doing my nails for 7 years prior.  And then I found Tina. And since then, I have refused to allow anyone else to touch these nails. A little bit of background....before diving into the exciting world of acrylics, I was a nail biter for years.  Because of this, if my nails are laid right, they'll generally lift pretty bad and a full set won't even last a full 2 weeks....they'll be popping off all over the place!  Tina took such care and time with my nails that I haven't had a single problem!The first time she ever did my pink & whites, I was a bit freaked out as she pulled out this circular contraption with different sizes semi-circles all around the edge.  She would lay down the pink and, user the cutter, form it into the half-circle shape.  I had never seen this before and was a bit concerned...until it turned out looking better than I've ever seen! The service is always great but they do get busy, especially on weekend mornings.  Great pedicures and waxing services as well. Sadly, I'm moving from Westover Hills to Alamo Heights this weekend.  It's quite a hike out to Culebra & 1604 but for nails that look great, it's worth it!
<review# 1528,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2010,5/21/2011,107,261,2,1,2>I like Two Bros because it is the real smoke house barbecue pit conveniently located 4 miles from home. I can almost smell the meat from my front door...no just kidding - but you get the point.If you like to eat with your hands on large sheets of paper in a picnic area surrounded by playgrounds for both the young and the old - check Two Bros. out. The ONLY reason I hesitated to go was because of the flies and the airplanes swarming the area, but keep an open mind, eat some blueberry cobbler and all will be well. Did I mention blueberry cobbler? Where I come from, we call it crisp - but no one has any idea what crisp means in Texas. Personally, I think they call it cobbler because they add nuts. So from now on Peanut M&M's are M&M cobbler.Yeah, it was much funnier in my head.
<review# 1529,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/16/2010,5/20/2011,270,226,5,8,7>This restaurant sits on a lonely little stretch of Randolph, where the I-35 and NE 410 Loop meets. Oddly, what looks like the front door is actually the kitchen door, and vice versa. My inside voice told me to waltz in there like I belonged and it wouldn't be a big deal. Appearances do not reflect what you get on the plate, I reminded myself. My eyes took awhile to adjust to its spacious and dimly lit interior. The first thing that caught my attention was what appeared to be a small buffet at the far end of the dining room, but there didn't seem to be any food in the gleaming silver containers. While I waited for my takeout order, there was only one other table of paying customers. Business was quiet, but I suppose the 2 pm hour was past their lunch rush. There were two people playing a game of Dominos at a corner table. With the upbeat jazzy music, it may as well be New Orleans...if I closed my eyes. I was greeted by a friendly young man who handed me a menu and pointed out the short list of Wednesday offerings. A waitress took my order, and handed me a to-go stryro-foam cup of sweet tea. It is probably the most sugary sweet tea I've ever tasted. While this is not a complaint, I thought it was worth noting if you happen to be watching your sugar intake. My to-go order of Chicken Piquant had chicken atop a bed of saucy rice, string beans, and two slices of bread. Everything was boldly flavored. The Big Easy Cafe's music was playing at the back of my head with every bite. The chicken was tender. The rice was really flavorful. I'm positive the list of flavorings in my beans did not end at bacon and sausages. I almost felt like a flavor-phobe after each bite. Wowzers! The chicken, rice, and beans tasted as if they had a few spices in common. I suspect these same spices were on my bread as well, of which I wished they held back a little. Perhaps, I will ask them to just butter it next time. I don't like Jambalaya normally, but I ordered a cup of it just to give the dish a chance. Big Easy's Jambalaya has affirmed that the few Jambalayas I've had in the past uh...sucks, while Big Easy scores points for theirs.Honestly, I did not expect to pay $16+ for a plate and a cup of Jambalaya at a hole-in-wall on Randolph. However, their food will likely draw me back. The food and service is 4-stars, but I dropped it to 3 due to the ambiance and odd location. I wish I can bump it up by half a star for the music though.
<review# 1530,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2010,5/19/2011,32,123,2,3,2>I love a great bargain, and a buy one get one free coupon for Trilogy was perfect for a Saturday night after watching football all afternoon.  It's been several years since we've had Trilogy pizzas and we forgot how delicious they are.We ordered the Texan (Chicago Style Crust) and the Mediterranean (California Wheat Crust).  +Wheat Crust - not many places offer this choice; Trilogy does, and does it well+Many unique "gourmet" pizza options+Marinara sauce is perfect; not too sweet+Friendly service+Local (non-chain)-Price:  $25/large is more than we normally spend per pizza, but definitely worth it with our bogo free coupon (or for a splurge)Trilogy is a great choice for unique pizzas with 3 crust options.  The Chicago Style was SO filling, which probably meant I should have had less, but I didn't.  No willpower when it comes to yummy pizza :)Check out their website for great deals (bogo free Tuesdays) before you order!
<review# 1531,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2010,5/18/2011,22,35,4,3,3>Certianly one of the better Thai places around town, and highly recommended in terms of location, price, food selection and of course taste.  I am never disapointed with anything I order here.  I usual go with the curry.  Mix that with coconut juices and you got yourself a stew going.....sorry, off track a bit, but still, very tasty stuff.  The rice menu is pretty decent and certainly better than alot of other Thai places.  I think what makes them better than most is that thier food tends to have a very good balance of flavors.  If you order for instance a chicken order with basil in it, the basil isn't overwelming, and likewise, it isn't devoid of basil.  They strike a good balance of ying and yang, only in this instance, the ying is the chicken and the yang is the basil, or whatever dish you order.   If you're a true foodie, you know what I mean.  My only grip with this place is that when they take your order, it doesn't seem as if they really listed to any special instructions, like for instance, "don't bring my Thai Iced Tea out until the main dish comes out please" and guess what happens about 1 minute later, besides the complementry water, my Thai Iced Tea comes out!!  the second time they did this I took out most of my ice cubes that came in it (they loaded up the ice cubes in the drink) and placed them on the table towards the edge as a sign of discontent and silent protest.  was that a bit childish, maybe, but I felt I needed to retaliate, I could not just sit silently and accept this perpetual patron pretermission of performance.  And it wasn't just me, just the other day, I went in there with a work buddy and the same thing happend to him!  At least I know it's not just me.  So if you want something spacific done, make sure they make eye contact with you at the very least, don't accept the north and south as compliance, it's more of a "I hear you, but am not really paying attention" gesture.Other than that, the food is pretty good.  My only beef about the food is that they only have three levels of spiciness.....mild, hot and very hot.  I asked for the very hot in the past, and found that I really didn;t need the Thai ised tea to cool down any.  It was hot enough to make an impression, as in ok, this is spicy, but it wasn't spicy enough to make me sweat..........oh yeah, thats the good stuff right there.   But other than that, it's good and I would recommend it to anyone on the prowl for some good Thai food around town.  It's not the spicest around, but probably one of the better balanced and well cooked dishes in town when it comes to Thai food.  You can't go wrong with anything on the menu.
<review# 1532,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2010,5/17/2011,107,118,4,8,3>I wanted to wait to review this place until I had been a few times. I have a thing about giving 5 star reviews based on only one visit, and I had a feeling this was a 5 star place.I am now more than happy to reward Brows to Brazilians with a stellar 5 star rating. I've seen both Terry and Jeanette, and both complete the job with minimal pain. Waxing is no fun, but the results are worth the effort, especially here. The technicians asked for my input on both brows and bikini, and were sensitive to my sensitive skin issue. Another major plus is the pricing is on the low side, particularly for the quality of services rendered.Unfortunately, construction on Lockhill has resumed. Sigh.
<review# 1533,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2013,9/29/2013,15,129,1,9,2>The Dealer Alternative is a rare gem. Any business would benefit from following their customer service model. They are informative, honest, and friendly. They won't sell you things you don't need. I don't know much about cars and just want to make sure my vehicle is in good shape. They explain to me any concerns with my vehicle without patronizing and even let me know the urgency of the problem. I highly recommend this business!
<review# 1534,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2013,9/28/2013,343,110,2,6,3>This place is a Down Town Gem...You would never stop in unless someone told you about it. I am glad I did.They offer everything from sandwiches, coffee, to shakes. Everyone can be happy with this place. There is also a family feeling here, the people behind the counter were very nice and had great attitudes.I got the Chicken Salad sandwich. It was perfect. As someone who watches their diet, I was impressed the salad was much more chicken then filler. I got the deal so I go the sandwich with all of the great fixings that you would expect at any health sandwich place. My sides were fresh steamed veggies, which were steamed as I ordered in a bag, and tasted great. I also got a side of the pasta salad. Again everything was very fresh and not overly coated with dressings. Yo also get a choose of any of the per-packaged drinks from tea, cokes, and energy drinks. All of this for 6.58.The location is small and they said they get very busy for lunch. I would next expect to find a place to sit unless you go around 3 like I did. I highly recomend this place to all.
<review# 1535,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2013,9/27/2013,228,312,3,4,5>I love this dang place. I've NEVER not left 100% happy. Staff is SO nice....family owned...homemade everything from soups to bread to pimento cheese to amaaaazing desserts. Every sandwich I've had is pure joy...from bahn mi to tuna salad to pimento cheese & ham....the list goes on. Soups all yum....chicken & dumpling, potato poblano, French onion. I could eat here everyday, seriously. It's an absolute gem!Like Four Kings on Facebook to see their daily specials & food pictures that make ya drool.
<review# 1536,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2013,9/26/2013,499,185,3,6,3>This is a hidden gem on the south side of San Antonio. It looks like a warehouse but once you step inside its like a meat lovers dream! They have everything from seasonings to jambalaya stuffed chicken to a hearty steak. They're open for lunch and have amazing homemade Mac n cheese and jerky. I will definitely be coming back for lunch and to try some of their seasoned ribs. If you don't have time to get over to their place you can pick up their seasonings at your local HEB.
<review# 1537,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2013,9/25/2013,54,259,2,7,5>This is not at all an unbiased review on my part, I am good friend with the owner and have a great deal of respect for him.  I am hoping this will become one of the best comedy clubs in all of Texas, because most of them are not that good and aren't worth the time and money and don't provide a good experience for either the audience or the comics who are performing.  Tripp hopes to change all that.  He was himself a professional touring comedian and has run a comedy club before and knows all the mistakes and all the problems and has been told repeatedly that's just the way it is and if you don't like it, get your own club.  So he did and he's got something to prove!  Unlike most comedy clubs, he wants to build repeat business and get patrons talking about what a GREAT experience they had.  His drinks are priced well below other bars in the area and he's only going to have one show a night because he wants you to come early and stay late, make a night of it.  Soon, hopefully in September, he'll start serving pizza and sandwiches.  I do stand-up comedy and that's how I met Tripp, most comedy club manager and owners don't care about the craft of comedy or about the comics involved, they're just in it for the money and it kills the spirit of it all.  Tripp is truly devoted to both comedy and comics and wants to give back to both.  I was at his soft opening this past Saturday and well, you could just feel the love there.  This is more than just about a comedy club, it's really about preserving a way of life and making a dream come true and sharing it with others.  Hey, this is the great American dream!  The comics were great, especially Jade Esteban Estrada!  There's a new kid on the block in the comedy club scene, look out you all!  Place seats about 140, painted up in black and purple and just feels like a comedy club when you walk down the stairs into the basement.  It's directly under City Hall and one of the comics quipped, "Feels like we're doing something we shouldn't be doing down here doesn't it?"  It sure does.
<review# 1538,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2013,9/24/2013,220,318,5,10,7>This tiny little shack outfit behind the car dealership on the corner of Weidner and Randolph Blvd, wedged between two Mexican joints, delivers "bbq atmosphere" and some solidly good bbq.A lot of times I skip the brisket because it's boring or dry; this stuff's right on point. Enjoyed the sweet bbq beans instead of the usual pinto. The macaroni salad is really peppery, but pretty good stuff. One of my friends loves it so much she goes in for the double order of macaroni with her plate.Nice people, serving good solid food you can tell they take pride in making. It's a win.One detail I especially appreciate: optional lime wedges for tea (instead of lemon; lime is much better).
<review# 1539,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2013,9/23/2013,89,86,2,4,3>I can't believe I've been coming to this place for YEARS! It seems like just yesterday when I was a skeptic walking into Jerry's that first time waiting to be disappointed by another fly by night Chicago dog place when he ACTUALLY delivered on the goods.I've been getting my fix ever since then from here. The place is exactly what you'd expect from a native Chicagoan. Sports memorabilia galore with a dash of attitude. Since they first opened the place, it has expanded into a second room with booths and tables for customers to dine in.The dogs here are the real deal. Steamed Poppy Seed Bun, check. 100% Vienna Beef Dog, yup. Neon Green Relish, uhuh. Along with everything else you come to expect of a legit Chicago dog. This stuff takes me back to when I was a kid visiting family in Chi-town with that first bite.Fortunately for you and I, Jerry's is not a one trick pony b/c they also make a FANTASTIC Italian Roast Beef. He makes them Hot N Juicy just like when you were growing up. His au jus is full of flavor as well so I get mine "extra juicy".Jerry and his wife are very friendly as we've talked a few times over the years about the Windy City and how he made his way down to SA. They are very passionate about their business and their food and treat each customer as part of their family. This place truly will give you a taste of some of the best "quick cuisine" Chicago has to offer but be sure to bring cash b/c for as long as I've been coming here, they only take the green stuff.
<review# 1540,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2013,9/22/2013,242,220,3,8,7>My love for BBQ is as strong as my love for living in Texas! Summer in Texas means starting up the BBQ pit on your porch, yard, local park, and if you're lucky someone else is doing the grilling and you just show up and feast! For an amazing BBQ the following are required but not limited to: Brisket,Sausage, Chicken, Pork, Cole Slaw, Potato Salad, Macaroni Salad, Refreshments: Soda, Iced Tea, GRAPE KOOL AID, and some cold ones! Two Bros offers all mentioned items, including the kool aid :)We ordered the two people special, and believe me that you will have plenty of leftovers to enjoy later.As you pull up to the restaurant it looks like you're parking in someones house with a big backyard for the kiddos to play. The shaded back area is perfect to enjoy your BBQ outside.Our Brisket was the perfect amount of lean in order to make it juicy. Chicken and Sausage were grilled just right with the perfect sides to follow.
<review# 1541,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2013,9/21/2013,106,165,4,7,7>Goddam brah!I keep getting amazed everytime I go back and try something new.This place is a hangout for cyclists (don't hold that against them) but the people there are always pretty friendly and cool.  They have great bands and a good list of Texas craft beer.Now.  Let me tell you about the food.  I've been there several times and I keep getting impressed at the quality and taste-probably San Antonio's best kept secret.  It's a hidden gem that, well, I want to keep hidden for my own selfish ways.Their pizza is superb, probably the best I've had this side of the pond.  Try their Wilburnia (prosciutto, arugula, black olives) or the Choke My Sammy (Italian Salami, roasted bell peppers, artichoke and goat cheese)And for dessert, wait for it...If you check in on yelp, you get a scoop of ice cream.  Not just any ice cream but Texas craft beer ice cream.  Yes.  I said it.  I know it doesn't sound good but, craft beer lovers everywhere, rejoice!  Oh sweet lord I'm home!  Definitely one of the best things I've ever eaten.  Give the Chunky Prison Dream made with Independence's Convict Hill Stout.  CRAZY GOOD.  If stout is not your thing, try the one made with 512 Pecan Porter.  This one has chunks of pecan and chocolate chips.  Nuff said.  Peace suckas.
<review# 1542,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2013,9/20/2013,66,149,5,8,6>This is seriously one of my favorite parks in San Antonio. Milam is a unique park, a definetley urban park & I believe a nice glimpse of San Antonio culture. Milam is situated in an interesting spot on one side there is a luxury high rise, to the other a bustling hospital, to the other a vibrant market, mercado & it's last side is a stop for the cities trolley's. You can thus imagine the scene if you will at Milam. A young entrepreneur from across the street walking his dog, the tourists taking a break from the sounds of the market, a druggie getting released from the hospital or elderly couple waiting for the trolley. It's a colorful scene for people watching.Milam has a great playground with several jungle gyms & swings. There is a trail that borders the park that doubles as a dog walking trail with several spots with doggie bags. In the center of Milam is a massive gazebo. It is usually overrun by various people of the homeless nature catching a siesta, but they have never bothered me or my daughter. There are also beautiful sculptures throughout the park telling of TX history. You usually find at least one vender selling ice cream & drinks, pushing around a cart or ice chest. During Fiesta Milam literally becomes home to several people, who camp there for good spots for the parades. My favorite times at Milam were bringing my daughter there & catching the most unusual conversations with the passerby's. Great place to take a walk, people watch & kill some time with the kids.
<review# 1543,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2013,11/18/2013,48,167,5,10,5>San Antonio's Pho lovers will always have a healthy debate over which restaurant serves the best Pho. Let me stir the Pho pot a little by saying that Pho Hong Phat is the number one place to get a piping hot bowl of Vietnamese Pho in San Antonio. Why? Allow me to explain. I judge my Pho on three categories. They are the broth, the meats and the freshness of the stuff they bring that are added to your Pho. First category...the broth. I have been here several times and the broth has never been less than piping hot. Why is this important? Aside from the fact that soups are supposed to be hot, the heat of the broth provides the foundation for blending all of the other stuff that gets added.Next up is the meat. I get a combination of meats which includes eye round, flank steak and beef tendon. Yes, tendon. Pho Hong Phat's tendon is the stuff that dreams are made of. These gelatinous gems of glorious flavor are what sets this place apart from the others. Throw in some of their delicious Vietnamese meatballs and we're talking an out of body experience.Finally, the little plate of they bring before your soup is the last category and with this one, freshness is critical to a successful Pho. It usually contains the same stuff you find at most Pho joints. Basil, sprouts, fresh jalapeños and limes. Toss these into the pool and don't forget to shoot a squirt of Nuac Mam (fish sauce) and Sriracha to kick it up a notch. I didn't mention the noodles and that is only because I do not think those make or break a Pho. When I come here and take that first bite, I am in my happy place Pho sure!. You will be too.  Only reason I didn't give this 5 stars is because I know somewhere out there awaits something better and I will continue to search for it.
<review# 1544,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2013,11/17/2013,28,210,4,15,7>You would think San Antonio would be loaded with great BBQ joints....but you would be wrong.  The Smoke Shack is a welcome oasis of tasty smoked meats in the vast desert of mediocrity that is San Antonio BBQ.  The brisket here is really good. Maybe not "legendary" and certainly no threat to Franklins or the folks from Lockhart but its positively outstanding for this town. Everything I've tried here has been good on several visits.  Consistency is apparently one of the more difficult aspects of BBQ to master as many places around here can put out good brisket once in a while - but the smoke shack is good every time (so far)Definitely go early as they often run out of things. I have yet to make it early enough to try the fabled ribs.  Very pleased with the smoke shack - definitely our new local go-to.
<review# 1545,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2013,11/16/2013,39,182,5,7,6>I have such a problem with pizza places... not because they aren't good, but it's because I can't ever eat a whole pizza by myself. Most of my friends are strict when it comes to pizzas... they know what they like and that's it. I'm more of a topping whore. You're going to put fried eggs on it, sure I'll try it.  So needless to say this last visit, no  leap of topping faith.  We did get a meat lovers pizza which turned out to be delicious. I was digging thin crust with little air pockets....mmmm. Along with that, a little char on the edges. So thumbs up Stella Publlic House you make some mighty fine pizzas.
<review# 1546,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2013,11/15/2013,74,65,2,6,4>Bliss has moved up our list to become our favorite restaurant in San Antonio.  I love their charcuterie and the sweet breads are phenomenal.  Seriously never even thought I would try sweetbreads, but this dish at Bliss is worthy enough for Mark Bliss to hang his hat on.The environment is small, classy, and quaint.  You would think it would be noisier, but the acoustics work well.  One thing you get and aren't expecting is an easy time to park in South Town.  I can't say enough good things about Bliss.We'll be customers for a long while.
<review# 1547,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2013,11/14/2013,43,77,4,6,5>High quality ingredients + innovative recipes = great sandwiches & salads. If only more places stuck to this simple formula. Add in an interesting outdoor space & you have The Luxury. I waited till the crowds died down after the very hyped launch & admit that this place is worth all the buzz it generated. I had the vegetarian Bánh mì. Yes. I had a vegetarian sandwich & loved it. The chocolate pudding with salted caramel was decadent & delicious. We did not try out the beer/wine selection on this visit. However, a visit on bikes is in the future. & perhaps a game of bocce.
<review# 1548,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2013,11/13/2013,89,112,2,12,4>Why did it take me four years of Texas living to visit Luna? This is a place everyone needs to know about. Drinks are coquettishly served in mason jars, and there are drink specials all the time. Usually by the bar, there are some snacks at no charge,(nachos, frito pies) and there is just great music.Luna allows for intimacy because of the booths by each side of the venue, but there are also several smaller tables near the small dance floor. (Depending on the artist, it could get a liiitle loud, so bear that in mind) Great idea for a girls night out or a nice date. Just gogogo.
<review# 1549,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2013,11/12/2013,285,134,4,8,6>Showed up, was wondering if there was going to be class due to the torrential downpour , but by the Grace of God, some one shows up scuba diving his way to the front door, and he is our fearless instructor !!!   His is Air Force (Go Air Force).  And one hell of an instructor to have the patience to put up with me.  Rock on Mr. Air Force Engineer/Scuba Diver Instructor.  Like the song , for those about to rock, We Salute You!
<review# 1550,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2013,11/11/2013,80,87,7,8,9>Judge me all you want but I had never heard of John Besh. Not that I'm all into the celebrity chef craze thing or anything, but people kept name dopping him like he was the pope of Cajun in SA. But let's get one thing straight here, the man does know happy hour. in  fact, his interpretation of HH is a Rembrandt, you guys. Half priced drinks and .50 cent meat pies AND Oysters? Binge alert! I decided to unwind with a French 75 and two Cisco Coolers. Both great in my book!By the end of my adventurous binge, I had downed some Gulf Oysters, a little bit of the Blue Crab Salad with Avocado AND the Roasted Beet Salad (all of it), a few of the pork sliders and of course their bread pudding. All were absolutely amazing. John Besh, I'll remember you.
<review# 1551,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2013,11/10/2013,200,68,4,9,5>Go at night. The bridge is well-lit and provides a smooth surface for bicycling, not to mention one of the best nightscapes of downtown SA. Great place to watch trains or practice twerking to the beat of your Bluetooth speaker. Events are held here, like yoga, free jazz shows--free in both the financial and Ornette Coleman sense of the word--and hot rod rallies. At any moment, cruise down to the bottom of the bridge for a quick beer at Boneshakers. Then head back up and join the late night LAN parties with gamer-hippies. Or cruise by to watch the fireworks over the city. Or better yet, witness crepuscular trains passing under the bridge. Wave to the conductor as he floats underneath you in his little light bubble. He's as forlorn and pensive as you on this sullen, hot night.
<review# 1552,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2013,11/9/2013,35,93,4,7,4>Expensiiiiive! Man I love this place though. It is the kind of place you put on a suit and  tie, and go enjoy some great food. We sat outside and ordered drinks, and lit our cigars. I had my usual drink, which unbeknownst to me, was 20 a pop. Ouch. Between the two of us, we ordered the pork belly sliders, and a 2 meat platter. The food was delicious! The sliders had contrasting flavors that paired really well together, and the meat platter was...well it was meat and crackers. Can't go wrong with that. This place was full of good looking people, dressed to the nines. I will definitely be coming back to try more of that great food.
<review# 1553,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2010,9/20/2010,52,218,1,3,1>I have only had breakfast here with the occasional happy hour but what I've had its been great!!  On a nice night sitting on the patio enjoying there many different margaritas is what it is all about.  I found there breakfast to be in generous portions.  Although there are cheaper tacos in town but the quality is great here and worth the little extra.  M-F they have 99 cent breakfast tacos.  The black salsa has great flavor and compliments the food perfectly.  Overall, I would recommend this place.  Have the burritos!!!
<review# 1554,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2010,9/19/2010,32,123,1,4,2>3 words...Fifty Cent Martinis!  Yes, it's true.  On Fridays (and maybe Tuesdays?) for lunch, you can enjoy $.50 martinis.  We stumbled upon this place when we first moved to San Antonio six years ago while purchasing certificates from restaurant.com.  We've been fans ever since.+$.50 martinis on Fridays+inside swanky downtown hotel+view of the Alamo from the window booths+discount when you purchase a restaurant.com certificate+yummy food (pasta, sandwiches, burgers for lunch)I suggest dining at Oro for lunch on a Friday and plan on staying for awhile...the martinis are strong!
<review# 1555,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2010,9/18/2010,45,184,1,2,1>Before we moved to SA my hubby and I went on a 2month long camp/road trip across the US and into Canada. Needless to say, a pedicure was on the top of my to do list. Thanks to Krys's enticing review I scheduled a pedi with Tan. However, upon arriving and checking in I was told he was busy. Um. excuse me? This is the EXACT nail salon '10 more minutes' trickery that makes me wish I could just train my hubby to give me a pedi at home. Because I was on a time limit(hence my appointment) I decided to just take whoever was available...and common sense tells you that's the last person you would want.  I'm tempted to give them 2 stars due to the disregard of my appointment(customer service)which is a big no in my book, but I'll be nice.It turns out that the pedicure was great..though I was looking forward to that massage that Krys talked about. To me, that's the part I'm there for and the part that most rush through. My technician was good but I couldn't help but want to ask for Tan's massage when I saw him finish with his other client. heheFYI.. Of course I needed and agreed to the 'extra callouse workover' since I was past due, but the one thing I didn't agree to was the super duper battery operated Dumb and Dumber style sander. GASP!  I was a bit traumatized and embarrassed until I saw that others were being worked over like me. I wonder if they do this out of laziness, to get a good laugh, or a little bit of both?  I myself, giggled the entire time as I hid my face behind my people magazine. But it worked and now I don't have hobbit feet so I'm a happy girl.
<review# 1556,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2009,9/17/2010,7,28,4,3,5>There was a time when ice houses were everywhere the eye could see.  Then AC came along to the masses and shazzam most have disappered.  Luckily for us  young-un non-hipsters (no offense) Texas Ice House is still here serving cold long necks, Cash on the juke box, and crooked pool tables.  Seating is good for an ice house and the bartenders keep an eye out for the empty but be forewarned; they may be engrossed in a conversation with a regular so suck it up.
<review# 1557,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2010,9/16/2010,28,69,1,3,2>Rumi...this place is a little gem tucked away on NW Military Hwy.  Great place to grab a stiff drink after work or just unwind on the little patio.  I can't say that it's a place you want to spend the entire night hanging out at...but it certainly is a great place to grab some drinks before you hit your main venues.I've only ate here once (hamburger) and it wasn't anything special...so I'd focus more on the creative cocktails than chowing down.  The price is moderate and the clientele is made up mostly of folks that live local to the place (it hasn't gone ghetto...WooHoo!)I honestly think this places biggest lure is its location and interesting clientele.
<review# 1558,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2010,9/15/2010,25,319,6,7,2>Before this store, I refused to shop at HEB. Now, I look forward to grocery shopping every week. I love their meal deal "combo" coupons, their wide variety, and the ease of finding things. For the most part, I find their checkout personnel to be friendly, though I have had an issue or two when trying to use coupons. Their meat department is vast and the personnel is typically friendly. Although, once or twice, I have had a hard time getting someone to help me. Their seafood department is top notch. I've never had an issue with them and their selection is fantastic. My daughter loves their salmon varieties. They have a great baby section, which is great when you are trying to shop with a baby. I don't have to worry about stopping at another store because most times HEB will have what I need. All in all, a great addition to our community!EDIT: Due to new information, I have decided to edit this. The last few times that I've gone into the HEB Alon early in the morning - the staff has been less than stellar. The cashier, this morning, did not even greet me or acknowledge me while checking me out. VERY concerning, HEB. I had employees walk in front of me - causing me to jerk to a stop - without an excuse me! If this doesn't change within two visits - I will leave. As such, I have dropped a star from my review.
<review# 1559,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2010,9/14/2010,85,159,1,5,2>Their naan alone should be a good excuse to visit Pasha.  It is large (much bigger than the plate it is served on), airy (check out the bubbles!), it has just the right amount of elasticity, and a subtle flavor. The dolmas were superb.  A soft and cool grape leaf wrapped around a creamy center of vegetables and rice- something so simple yet so good.  For the entrees we got the beef shawarma plate.  The tender and lean beef tasted like Christmas!  I picked up some cinnamon and clove seasonings that added an interesting (in a good way) flavor to the beef.  The plate also came with an onion salad-really good, if you like onions; Greek salad with Pasha's dressing-refreshing and unique; Tahini sauce; and a hummus that is not too thick, not too creamy, and not too garliky, which equals perfect in my book.  We also ordered the Sheesh Tawook.  The marinated chicken cooked over open flame had a nice smokey flavor and juicy center.  It was accompanied by picked cucumbers, garlic sauce, their awesome hummus, and a cabbage salad.  Here is my only complain of the night: the cabbage salad was drenched in dressing making the cabbage loose both its crunch and appeal.    The service was extremely attentive.  My water glass would always be filled before it reached the half-way point.  All of the servers stopped by the table to see if we needed refills or anything else for that matter.  They all seemed happy and glad to be of help.  Chris, our server did a great job.  He even brought us some fresh naan to eat with the entrees.  The portions at Pasha are generous, the place is cheap ($25 for the entire meal), the food is flavorful, fresh, and down right addictive, the service is very good, the dining room is spacious and clean.  In addition, it has an open kitchen so you know exactly what is taking place "behind the scenes".
<review# 1560,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2010,9/13/2010,4,31,2,3,2>We've been going there for a while. And taking all our guests there. I found this restaurant several years ago searching for a mojito place. And boy, was that a direct hit!This place is within the walking distance from Riverwalk. It works really good for our guests. We take them down to the Riverwalk, then go to Azuca, have a nice dinner, then fresh up while walking back. If you wish to go there directly, they have a 5$ valet parking.Mojitos are the main thing for me there. Selection is great, quality is even greater. Hardest thing is to choose which ones to have today. And now they have a selection of sangrias too!My favorite food there is Curry Latino. It's a mix of seafood (very rich mix) on spanish rice with spicy sauce. Steaks are also very nice, better than many steakhouses. Juicy and thoroughly marinated. Tuna negro ordered rare just melts in your mouth.
<review# 1561,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2010,9/12/2010,14,40,,3,2>Brasserie Pavil is a welcomed addition to San Antonio dining! I have been here three different times--all for very different occasions. I should first say that I LOVE the atmosphere of this restaurant. Classy and beautiful.My first experience at Pavil was with a large group in a separate party room. The service was superb, the appetizers were fantastic, and both the French Onion soup and Creme Brulee were the best I've had. On the downside, the steak was mediocre at best. It was tough and only saved by the cognac sauce and the awesomeness of the fries being served in paper cones.My second experience was quite difference. My husband and I took our two young children with us for (an early) lunch. This time, I focused on the yummy (salad, French Onion soup, and creme brulee) and cut out the entree altogether. We did, however, completely blow $20 on very basic and not so great fondue. The bread is way too hard and the cheese fondue is bland. They were great with our kids, however, even making a plain grilled cheese sandwich that wasn't on the menu. My daughter ordered the beignets. Save your money. They were not sweet and too dense to be classified as beignets.The third time I dined at Pavil, I went with a girlfriend for drinks and apps. We shared the cheese plate and it was delish! Fresh honeycomb and and a yummy quince marmalade; I'll get that again! We also ordered calamari. It was served in the same paper cone as the fries, which made the calamari soggy. Eh. Drinks were great (Side Cars) but service this time was ridiculously inattentive and slow.All in all, I really love most of the food I've had at Pavil. It's taken me three times to figure out what is great and what to stay away from. I am hoping my next time will be a great experience all around because I will definitely be back. My advice: Definitely get the soup and consider forgoing the expensive entrees.
<review# 1562,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2010,9/11/2010,26,59,1,2,1>Oooh weeee, do I like Chris Madrids! If you looking for an awesome burger or good nachos (or chalupas), then I would suggest you try Chris Madrids. Don't go here if your on a diet though, cause these burgers are greasy and messy. I always get the Macho Cheddar Cheesy, cheese overflowing on the burger!!! If your going to go on the weekends though, be prepared to wait in line, yes it gets long, but the food is worth it. That's pretty much the only knock I have on this place, I just wish they could get some more seating cause you have to stand and wait for a table to open up like a hawk watching a rabbit, cause it there's no seating you may be there for a while. Also, why not open up another location? I love this place so much though, I will keep going back.
<review# 1563,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2011,11/17/2011,165,85,4,5,4>WHY I LOVE THIS PLACE-- Closer to authentic Mexican street food than your regular Tex-Mex joint-- Huge portions-- Served fast-- Great prices-- Open past midnight during the week and till 3 am on weekendsHOWEVER-- Solo se habla espanol, comprende?-- The salsa is spicier than you're probably used to-- No liquor license = no margaritas ni cerveza = que penaTry the gringas, 3 flour tortillas stuffed with your choice of meat (pastor, chicken, beef), cheese, sour cream avocado, and pico de gallo, and then grill-pressed.  $6.25 for three, and you'll probably take one home.
<review# 1564,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2011,11/16/2011,11,136,2,6,10>Excellent food! My husband and I dined here on a Sunday for a late lunch.There were only two other seated tables, but the food still came out fresh and delicious.Service was superb and the atmosphere is elegant but simple. they also gave us a 20 percent off incentive for the next time we dined there. Great for romantic dates or just a nice lunch. Great place!
<review# 1565,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2011,11/15/2011,305,113,,16,7>If Yelp had stars for extra credit, Feast would get 5++ stars. This uniquely ultra-modern restaurant is nestled smack in the middle of the historic King William District. And thank the heavens, owner and concept creator Andrew has brought affordable, creative, and mouth-watering fine dining back to Southtown. We were all immediately impressed with the decor. Beautiful lighting, trendy seating and a menu that instantly floored every foodie at my table. My crew went a little nuts and I'll do my best to give every dish its just review.Upon arrival, piping hot Jack Cheese Macaroni with bread crumbs was brought to our table....over and over and over again. And not to anyone's dismay. We would've all been happy with just that it was so great. I do not believe this to be the norm for Feast, but a special treat for our table. The specialty drinks are beyond anything I've seen in San Antonio. The Princess and the pepper infused Gin were ordered more than once by several of us, myself included. The bar is well stocked and more beer options are in the works. I would highly recommend Feast for a "just drinks" destination but I doubt you'll want to leave once you smell all the food pouring out of the kitchen. After Dominic, our patient and friendly server took down our massive order, the kitchen did a superb job of coursing out our choices. Mussels- Served in a white wine and cream sauce and I do not, I repeat DO NOT, want to have them any other way ever again. Plenty to share and thank you on including toasted bread for dipping. The mussels were so tender they literally fell out of the shells. Diving for them in the cream sauce was more than enjoyable. Foie Gras- Creamy and paired with fresh grapes and kiwi. Very rich and there is no doubt you are enjoying a fine quality foie. I personally like to eat foie with a small crostini or the like and next time I'm sure the kitchen will be happy to oblige me. Sweet Corn Croquettes- Sweet as their namesake suggests and plenty of savory to compliment. Crispy and light. Delicious! Served with a gorgeous pink dipping creation that I wish I could remember of what it consisted. Bad foodie! Tomato Salad- fresh, flavorful. Excellent pairing to many of the dishes. Barbacoa Lettuce wraps- Yes. Please. Please. I want some right now. Like a dozen of these babies. What a creative way to offer something so basic and Puro San Antonio. The barbacoa was the ultimate in amazing. Not greasy like so many barbacoa's fare. Feast is going to have to watch out with this one. I forecast nights where they will run out. Particularly if I'm in there!Calamari- slightly typical yet well executed. I love that it does NOT come with your traditional marinara sauce. That gives it an extra credit star. Lamb Kebabs- great for a small nibble to share, tender, juicy and a light dipping sauce makes this a fave.Sweetbreads- oh mama do I love me some sweet breads. Flavor, presentation and portion size=perfection.Beet Salad- solid and the cauliflower complimented the beets nicely. Adult chicken fingers- loved them! At first we were scared they were severely overcooked but they were juicy and amazing. Don't let looks fool you. Hand-cut Fries- more than solid. They were great! Even the ketchup was tastier than most. I'm probably forgetting one or two food items but only becase I am so excited to tell you about dessert!!! We ordered one of each of the 3 offered choices.The chocolate cake with brittle and cherry ice cream was great. Not uber-impressive yet delicious in it's simple design.The churros were amazing. Crisp, light and also decadent when paired with the custard-like cream served with it. I was scraping the stuff out of the bowl it was so good. The tobacco bread pudding- yes I said tobacco (eventhough we at first thought we heard tabasco and were all asking for more heat! You can imagine the laughter when we realized it was tobacco.) The winner of the night. The bread pudding w/ a nice chocolate surprise and perfectly drenched in sweet cream, all in a hot cast-iron skillet makes for an impressive dessert to share with more than one friend. Feast will soon feature a Sunday Brunch that I am OVER THE MOON to experience. I might have to update my review after it gets going. I'm absolutely tickled with everything Feast. The location, the staff and management- all in and of itself would give credit to even mediocre food. The chef is not bringing you mediocre food though. He's presenting you classic dishes in his own taste that make your mouth water. If Feast had been open in time for the local tapings of Top Chef, I have not doubt they would have been featured. Expect great things Yelpers.
<review# 1566,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2011,11/14/2011,36,63,1,2,2>Came in for late night post-workout sushi dinner. Everything here was great, including service. I wish I had known about this place before now! I had a salmon skin hand roll and a sashimi plate. My guest had a spicy thai dish. I wish I could remember what it was called because I would definitely order it in the future. It was awesome! All around good experience!
<review# 1567,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2011,11/13/2011,32,123,1,1,1>EZ's is our go-to place for burgers when we want something quick, tasty and inexpensive.  Our most recent trip was made even better by using a $20 Groupon (yay for great deals!).+Service is always friendly and fast+Onion rings and curly fries?  Yes, please+Sweet potato tots!  (newish menu item and yummy!)-Listening to people's orders being called gets annoyingIf you can't decide between curly fries and onion rings, you don't have to!  I always order the half and half...YUM!
<review# 1568,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2011,11/12/2011,194,166,3,4,3>Your girl loves pizza -- especially Chicago style deep dish. So when I heard there was a deep dish pizza place not too far from my sister's, I decided to try it out one night when I was on her side of town. The pizza was fantastic! I mean it wasn't on a Giordano's level, but it had everything I loved about a deep dish pizza: a) flavorful crust, b) flavorful sauce but not too much of it and c) real mozzarella and d) plenty of fresh toppings (well really "innings" since they are underneath the sauce). The prices are decent and a large pizza was enough to feed 4-5 people. It's a family-owned business with friendly, fast service. I just wish they had a couple more locations spread throughout town!
<review# 1569,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2011,11/11/2011,161,338,,5,3>Thanks to my fellow yelpers for the turkey shout out.  The smoked turkey sandwich was incredible with their hot BBQ sauce.  Had the green beans and realize it'a about the meat, but how about some bacon in the water when you cook them?  Or better yet, go steal Bill Miller's recipe for that tomato bacon heaven that Bill's green beans swim in.I saw mounds of brisket being sliced and sold while I was there for lunch.  It looked like a fine cut of brisket.
<review# 1570,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2011,11/10/2011,29,162,1,1,1>Service was less than par, but the food was good.  I was craving fish tacos and got my fix.  You have the option of using corn tortillas or lettuce, which I prefer the low carb option of lettuce wraps.  The red snapper tacos were great, served with a delicious green cilantro cream sauce!  The guacamole was awesome and the kids loved it.  It was packed and had indoor and outdoor seating and a nice atmosphere.   Eclectic Mexican cuisine, not your typical San Antonio Tex-Mex.    It looked like a restaurant you would see in Dallas.   All in all - I give it a thumbs up.  I also liked that you get black  beans on the side instead of your typical refried beans.  Healthy choices for the kids.  You do have to pay for chips and hot sauce, and I thought the bowl of chips, or whatever it was they served gratuitously when seated tasted stale.  But I will go back for the food, the atmosphere and not wearing my workout clothes next time!
<review# 1571,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2011,11/9/2011,52,218,2,2,2>Today I was in the mood for a new restraunt.  I can't tell you how many times I've driven by the smoke shack but never stopped.  Mostly because I was already running late for work.  I was skeptical of food served out of a trailer due to the fact this kind of food is usually only good when you've been drinking all night.  My skepticism was quickly gone after biting into their savory and delicious pork sliders!!!  I can't really think of a single place off the top of my head that sells pulled pork sliders other than a high end restraunt.  You don't ever see something like this in normal every day bar b que.  The brisket was very tender with great but not  with an overwhelming smokey taste.  I tend to like a balance between the taste of the meat to the smoke flavor.  The potatoe salad had alot of what I think was dill which gave it a green tint.  It was different from the usual potatoe salad.  I'm not saying it was bad but not for me.  The beans were good as well. Overall, I would definately recommend the smoke shack.  Oh and they accept credit cards.
<review# 1572,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2011,11/8/2011,24,81,1,6,5>This is San Antonio's oldest park and I cannot believe I'm the first one to review it!  I love this park, but beware - if it's a beautiful day out, you will have a helluva time finding parking.  This park is huge and you can often find a game or two of soccer going on.  There is a playground and swing set for the kiddos, plenty of open grassy areas to just sit and relax, and even several bbq pits and picnic tables   There is also a really awesome weeping willow (?) tree whose branches reach nearly to the ground, making for an awesome little hideaway.  This park also features a small lake (the springs) which is used as a public pool in the hot summer months.  Aside from Brack, this is my favorite park to visit (Brack only wins because of it's much bigger size).  If you haven't been here before, please get out there and check it out soon.  As I said before, you might have trouble finding parking, so be sure to get there early!
<review# 1573,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2012,5/18/2012,444,406,7,10,9>Society Bakery has moved up on my list of favorite cupcakes! Wicked awesome! The cupcakes here kicks Sprinkles Cupcakes in the oven big time! Simple non gourmetish style cupcakes you know nothing with bougie names. The cupcakes were all moist and sweetened just right. You can taste the flavors without the sugar taking over. I really liked the cupcake tops hanging over the side of the cups! YUM!I originally went up to get Salted Caramel & Peanut Butter Chocolate. But after hearing the raves about the Peanut Butter & Jelly.... I MUST GET IT! There was one left and three people ahead of me, I was hoping non of them will get it, or else I'm going to beat someone! Ha, I told the owner I got dibs on the PBJ. I would sacrifice my beach body workout for these cupcakes any day! =)
<review# 1574,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2012,5/17/2012,188,95,5,5,5>Yay! MAD props to whoever decided to unite the food trucks in San Antonio into one location. This place is definitely a must try if you are a food truck foodie.Boardwalk reminds me on SoCo in Austin but definitely without the pretentious attitude. The bf & I stopped by on a Saturday night and it was mighty cold, but no fear! Rickshaw Stop had these hot chai drinks to warm your tummy & fingers while you browse around. I didn't get anything from Rickshaw but the bf did and he loved it. I forgot what the truck's name is called but I ordered their jerk ribs (so flavorful), thai coconut curry empanada, and banana nutella empanada. I always like to order more than I can eat, I like variety. I was sad and disappointed because the crepe or the cupcake truck wasn't there that night :(I like how this place it BYOB, has a bull riding machine (fun!), play ground and they have these two huge screens you can catch the game on. Definitely coming back to try out all the other food trucks soon!
<review# 1575,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2011,5/16/2012,48,167,2,7,2>I'll admit it. My Cajun palette is not as developed as the good people of Louisiana, but I have been to my share of Cajun restaurants including some in New Orleans, Lake Charles and various points in between.I know that you can never put enough hot sauce on a good plate of Jambalaya. And I also know that one of the best Cajun joints in town is The Big Easy Cafe.  Owner, Dwana Dominick blessed San Antonio with her gift of delicious 'Nawlins style food.If you are the type of person who gets caught up in the ambience of a restaurant, then this place is not for you. In fact, you could very well drive by this place and not know what magical tasting delights it has inside waiting for you. That's okay. Those who are in the know will eat your share. Where to start? On my first visit, I decided to have the Blackened Catfish and Shrimp Diablo. This nice sized piece of blackened fish is served over a bed of Dirty Rice and then topped with a spicy sauce of poblano & jalapeno peppers. Stirred in this sauce are some shrimp and crawfish. The taste? Amazing! The fish was flaky, the sauce was creamy and brought this dish all together. Crawfish and shrimp were cooked just right, not rubbery at all. This was a winner. It was served with a side salad that was tasty as well. It also came with a slice of garlic bread that was the perfect way to sop up all of that delectable Diablo sauce.My better half ordered the Red Beans and Rice dish. This dish was quite a treat. I was able to snag a taste. Fried to perfection, this cornmeal based breading was crispy and yet the catfish stayed very moist and flaky. It was some of the best fried catfish I have eaten. The Red Beans and Rice were a religious experience. The owner came by and gave us a brief lesson on what real red beans are necessary for a good dish. The taste of these totally backed up her story. The Big Easy is a very special place that anyone who likes good Cajun food should visit. When you go, make sure and add your name to her email list. She regularly sends out a weekly menu and other specials that are going on so you know exactly what you are missing when you aren't there. What are you waiting for? Get your Cajun on!!
<review# 1576,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2011,5/15/2012,59,97,1,10,6>It's been a little over a year, and I still love it here. Since my last review, a number of classes have been added including yoga, pilates, strength, dance. There's always a class for almost every day of the week to kick your butt into shape. It's almost a full-fledged fitness studio instead of strictly a pole studio. I wonder if the owner saw my review, cause she has lowered some class prices and since added plans for attending multiple classes. (yay!) The more you attend - the lower the price.I still recommend SSM without a doubt.
<review# 1577,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2011,5/14/2012,36,26,1,6,2>Like the other reviewers, I used to go to this restaurant back when it was in the Shell station on Bandera (is it really a restaurant if it's in gas station?) . I've noticed a trend where my favorite Asian places close up (anyone remember Fain Fuudo?) and are replaced by little hole in the wall Mexican restaurants (because we really need more of those). Needless to say, I was beyond elated when VN Bistro was opening up in their very own place and that they would be much closer to my house!I usually get the "bun" bowls - a.k.a. noodles and barbequed meat  - and the pork variety is my favorite. The pho here is also really good too.  I'm not sure what spice it is that some places use,but that spice just completely throws everything off and makes me want to stop eating for a few days.  VN Bisto doesn't use this weirdo spice (or they aren't using enough for me to notice). The spring rolls and summer rolls are also really good but nothing too different or outstanding from other Vietnamese restaurants. I have to admit that I haven't tried anything else here, or at any Vietnamese place for that matter, and I'm not sure if it's because I'm scared or if I come in on mission for bun or pho. The only mild annoyance i have is that they don't have fish sauce on the table.  I understand that other places don't eiher but I like lots of fish sauce and feel weird having to ask for more. It certainly doesn't stop me from going there though!Everytime I've gone, the place is always more than half full and there are always people coming in for take out so it looks like VN Bistro is going to be around for a while which makes me extremely happy since I can come back pretty much whenever I want!
<review# 1578,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2011,5/13/2012,65,158,3,6,4>I have been eating here practically once a week since they opened this location.  The service is consistently amazing- the staff is well trained and friendly.  When you arrive, you are greeted with a huge platter-sized piece of naan-style bread served with a Za'atar oil.I almost always order the Chicken Sheesh Tawook- honestly, it is the best chicken I have ever had.  The strong garlic sauce and creamy hummus that come with it are excellent.The tabbouleh is made with lots of fresh parsley and lemon juice and is a great starter.  Another good way to start is their eggplant dip, Kashke Bademjan.The Mediterranean fish plate is simple and delicious and the falafel are crisp and not greasy.  Gyro is generously portioned as both plate and sandwich.Desserts include a standard baklava (walnuts, honey) and well as a Turkish baklava with is flavored with cardamon and pistachios.  The decor is comfortable and modern with an middle eastern flair.One note, they do not serve alcohol, but they will allow you to bring in your own.  If you forget, there is also Gabriel's Superstore in The Vineyard.Absolutely love this place!
<review# 1579,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2012,5/12/2012,76,65,1,3,2>This is a definite must while enjoying the hill country.  They are currently only open the first and third weekends of each month, so plan accordingly.  The BBQ is outstanding served with a heaping helping of great hospitality.  My recommendations are the brisket and ribs.  I will be back to try some other meats though.  They also serve a pea salad as a side dish.  It's a "secret" family recipe.  I was sold right there!  It has peas, onions, cheese, and pimentos but there is a little burn to it that makes it very interesting.  Not hot, just some black pepper for a little kick.  The pinto beans are really good too.  All of their food is great but those items stood out to me.They have Real Ale Brewery products (which is a must in my opinion for hill country - I got engaged in Blanco - so yes, I'm a fan) and you are welcome to use a free coozie (but please return it).   The building is really clean and nice.  And, men, check out the 80's posters in the bathroom - some great memories from your childhood.  ;) Get you some BBQ, make sure to chat with Michelle, John (he's the BBQ pit master) and the others.  The place is run by two couples - who hold full time jobs and do this on this side (hence, why they are only open 4 days a month). After lunch head on down to the secret local spot and get in the Guadalupe River then play some shuffleboard at the bar down the road and listen to some great music or stories from the locals.  It's all not very far from Luckenbach/Fredricksburg - where you can camp/hotel it or just show up and "be somebody" and call it a day.  I love the Sisterdale Smokehouse!  A great gem in the Texas Hill Country!
<review# 1580,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2011,5/11/2012,47,43,7,8,7>Ok, truth? I didn't think chicken and waffles was a real thing. I'd seen it on TV before however it was usually on the Comedy channel. I'm here now as an emissary of Mama Lee's to tell you that chicken and waffles are REAL, people! While I was too foolish to try them on my first visit I can tell you that next time I go I won't even need a menu.What I did have was their jambalaya and cornbread. Let's talk about that. Several years ago before my first daughter was born my wife and I took a spontaneous visit to New Orleans, driving there all the way from Texas. While there I found a cajun kitchen that served me up some jambalaya. Since that day I have judged all jambalaya against that bowl of SAINTLY AWESOME that I had in New Orleans. I had been woefully let down each time.Until Mama Lees.It was like I was back in Louisiana again eating a bowl of rice and meat that was so good that they had to break some sort of law to make it. They are incredibly friendly and down to earth and believe me when you go to Mama Lee's, you get FED.As a man on a diet, this place should have a giant red X on it, however since I also enjoy living I plan on visiting Mama's at least once a month!If you like soul food, if you like comfort food, if you like small businesses and red kool-aid, you have to check this place out.
<review# 1581,isUSA=TRUE,2.0,4/23/2011,5/10/2012,13,64,,5,3>EDIT:I'm taking back my original four star review of Ounce.  After our most recent visit, I left sorely disappointed, as it has gone really downhill.  My husband and I had visited Ounce twice before and were impressed with the service, atmosphere, and of course the food.  When my inlaws were visiting last month and offered to take us out to a nice dinner, we suggested Ounce.  During and after the dinner, I was so embarrassed to have made the suggestion.  We made reservations and viewed the menu online - everything on the menu was just as I remembered from prior visits.  But once we were all seated, we discovered that the menu had drastically changed.  Fewer options and much higher prices!  We should have taken off then, but since it was a Saturday night, the group was hungry, and we didn't feel like waiting at another restaurant, we stuck it out.  The wines were fine and steaks were fine.  Not good, not great (like before), but fine.  The restaurant took away the option of different sized steaks, which was what we liked.  Anyway, the steaks were all cooked fine.  But they just came out alone on the plate.  No garnish, no cute polenta with a "brand" on it like before.  Just a stark plate with steak.  Meh.  We all had problems with our salads and sides.  The tomato-mozzarella salad had the saddest, greenest, mealiest tomato I'd ever seen, and I was appalled that the restaurant had put it out.  When the server asked how everything was, we all complained about the tomato - not one plate had a good one - he kind of stammered an apology and ran away.  Meh, maybe he was new.  But when the manager came by and we told him about the disappointing quality of the tomatoes, he did the same thing - mumbled an excuse, didn't make eye contact, and left as soon as possible.  Um, strangest interaction with a manager I've ever had.  The same thing happened with the side dishes.  We ended up eating the steaks and picking at the edible parts of the salads and sides.  We did not chance dessert.  Overall, I'm very disappointed in the turn Ounce has taken, definitely for the worse.  And I'm super-embarrassed for making that our place for a "special" dinner out.  We won't be back. --------------------------------------------------­--------------------------------------------------­---------Husband and I went there last night for a special dinner out.  Date night was long overdue.  So Ounce was a new place we decided to try.When we got there, we were seated quickly, without a reservation.  The dining room is nicely decorated, with nice booths and a floor to ceiling wine tower separating the bar from the main dining room.  Even though they have a pretty impressive looking wine tower, I was a little disappointed with the wine list.  Not much to choose from if you just want to order by the glass.  I guess that's good for the business, but we felt a little forced to order a bottle.  I just don't like to commit to a whole bottle, since I'm not a big drinker, and just wanted one glass with dinner.  Oh well for me I guess.  The bottle we ordered was really nice after all.  We started with the Smoked Salmon Bruschetta that was really good and light and both of our steaks were cooked perfectly.  The polenta served with the steaks was a nice touch, with the restaurant's logo sort of "branded" on there with balsamic vinegar.  And our dessert of sorbets was delicious.  Overall, the food and service gets a five from us and our visit,  but I took away a star for the wine situation, and the condition of the restrooms that night.  Both DH and I found our restrooms to be really dirty and gross.  We both wished that we hadn't used the restrooms before we left.  It really ruined the overall experience.
<review# 1582,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2011,5/9/2012,24,12,3,8,6>What a treat! I heard about this place from a few friends and was skeptical at first, I kept thinking "No way you'd get authentic Mediterranean food on the Southside from a place called 'Casa Del Kabob'"  I was wrong!! With just one visit under my belt, I feel comfortable enough to say that this place gives some pretty heavy competition to those other places on the city's Northwest side.  I had the Gyro wrap which was more then enough food and am looking forward to trying other items. The owner was friendly, the service was fast and inexpensive and the food was top notch.  I walked out of that joint with nothing but a full belly and a smile on my face.  I work on the Southside so I will definitely come back for more.
<review# 1583,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2014,10/8/2014,54,115,1,6,6>Smallish place in a weird San Antonio intersection. Love the concept- local farm raised products. Started with a side salad & had the spaghetti. The spaghetti was good but has a pronounced flavor (I couldn't quite make out- poss fennel?). Good size serving. The side of the garlic bread was really good- I probably could have eaten a whole bunch more if they would have offered. Perfectly toasted & garlicy. Mmm-Mmm. Now serving dinner- not sure if they have the same menu selection.Quirky little place w/ art work & outside seating.  Will return - love that is a local place, love the vibe, love the whole concept.
<review# 1584,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2014,10/7/2014,29,98,1,6,6>Impeccably clean, simple furnishings. Mom was in the kitchen and her daughter was wait staff the day I was there. I had chicken enchiladas which were great but the refried beans were the best I've had in San Antonio in 2 1/2 years! Darker than most so I assume some black beans were used with the pintos. But so so yummy! It is the lard, momma in kitchen confirmed, but who cares? These were a special treat.
<review# 1585,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2014,10/6/2014,87,210,1,7,6>We haven't been to Sam's in many months... Wow, they have made some great upgrades! We used to go every week when it first opened.  Table cloths, more tables/chairs, larger and more colorful signs announcing their homemade ice cream, pies, and muffins. They also sell popcorn and drinks. Birthday cakes too. They have really grown to a fantastic "mom and pop" store. They are a military family and the wife is often there. You know she takes pride in her product by the way she describes the menu items. Her words are so perfectly clear that she loves her job. The ice cream has a soft texture, you know it's not processed. The flavors are bold and fresh. There is a long shelf of toppings, also a new addition. Since everything is homemade you may have to wait for ice cream to set if she just made it... Or deal with the peach cobbler running out. I'm okay with that as long as they keep up what they're doing.  We can expect 100% satisfaction on every trip.My only complaint and it's a small one ... They need some kind of background music. If no one is in there it's very awkward with complete silence. Just something soft, it doesn't need to take main stage if you know what I mean. I'd say this is a suggestion anyway.
<review# 1586,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2014,10/5/2014,184,172,8,10,10>Sooooooo much fun! It was very cool to be a part of my first Yelp event! Everyone was so nice and fun to chat with. Maybe now is the time to apologize to the wonderful couple in line before me and my friend. We are both very sorry for photo bombing you while you were trying to take selfie's haha well...maybe not VERY sorry :-P It was great meeting the new CM... Congratulations Lindsay! This was also my first time visiting the Davenport Lounge and I'll certainly be coming back to get more of those yummy martini's, the cucumber was my favorite. Pizza and salad being served was tasty and hit the spot. Thank you fellow Yelpers for being so friendly. Can't wait to attend the next Yelp event and see everyone again! Happy Yelping :)
<review# 1587,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2014,10/4/2014,211,179,6,10,6>Sing it with me now: Happy Happy Joy Joy. Happy Happy Joy Joy!  This place is phenomenal!  As you've already heard: Vegan Fast Food!  As if that isn't enough: it's GOOD vegan fast food!  Great little burger joint nestled in the Park North shopping center off 410.  Your typical counter order set up.  A half dozen or so booths line the windowed wall while a stool/bar set up adorns the opposite wall (and they recently added some outside seating as well, score!)The menu is wonderful and I've yet to have an item I didn't enjoy.  My personal favorites include the grilled chik-n protein wrap, spicy chik-n sandwich, and the fish sandwich (and be sure to get a side of sirracha mayo regardless of what you order, you'll thank me later).  Every item on their menu is vegan with the exception of the gluten-free burger (so long as you don't add organic cheese to your order).  And speaking of cheese and vegans, they offer vegan cheese!  The fries are always fresh, hot, and perfectly seasoned as well.  Drink choices include your standard fountain drink fare (Coke products) as well as fresh brewed teas and a variety of bottled drinks. (a combo comes with your entrée, fries, and drink of your choice and only runs you $8).Needless to say that though they've only been open a week or so, the staff at the counter knows me by name.  This place is a great addition to San Antonio and they already have a loyal customer in me.  See ya next time guys!
<review# 1588,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2014,10/3/2014,29,89,3,5,4>Second place that I've tried during SA's restaurant week. This place is a gem! I can't believe I've never set foot in this place before! This place has 3 different sections, each has its own little feel. We got seated in the very back where they transformed part of the original Pearl Brewery office into a room! I think our waitress told us it was dated back to the 1920's!For restaurant week, there was a set menu. Our soup of the day was this apple soup that was so good! It tasted like apple sauce with potatoes. Okay, maybe it doesn't sound good, but believe me... it was delicious. The entree was half a Roast Beef Debris Po-Boy with fries. The fries... holy smokes. I swear the potatoes must have grown somewhere other than the ground cause they were freaking delicious!! I inhaled all my friends fries before I even got to the PoBoy. The roast beef po-boy was a bit messy to eat, but was so savory. The bread too! It just melted in your mouth. To finish it all off, dessert was bread pudding with blueberry flavoring and a yogurt sorbet on top. The cornbread pudding was amazing, but the blueberry flavoring stained my teeth... On top of the delicious food, our service was outstanding. I don't know our waitresses name, but she was so attentive and refilled our water before it even hit the bottom! :)
<review# 1589,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2014,10/2/2014,60,112,4,12,6>What a great and unique dining experience we had at Long Tieng BBQ. The owner and her husband are a beautiful couple that care for each person that walks into their establishment.We started off with an order of egg rolls which were meaty and very different from your typical Thai style restaurant.Both my son and I tried their brisket sandwich. The brisket was amazingly flavorful and tender. Served with homemade barbecue sauce, I opted for the spicy version which was a true spiciness you rarely get at BBQ restaurants. I had a side of cole slaw which could speak for itself with its tangy flavor.My wife ordered the Pad Thai. Though it was not on the menu nor a daily special, the Pad Thai was cooked especially for her. It was definitely some of the best Pad Thai we have had in San Antonio served with a couple of Thai hot peppers - which were genuinely hot and delicious.We finished with an order of fried bananas a la mode. One of the best desserts I've had in a while.This is not your big chain type restaurant. Expect your food to be fresh, flavorful and homemade. If it takes a while to get your order, be patient because it is worth it to the last bite.
<review# 1590,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2013,10/1/2014,83,214,1,4,4>Sunday dinner was super different for me, I ended up at Pho Ha Long.  This was my first time eating Vietnamese food. I went in with an open mind and empty stomach.  We started with some Fried Vietnamese egg roll. Which  came with a fish dipping sauce.  I ordered  a number 2 - Pho Tai Chin  which is noodle soup with round steak and brisket. The soup was nice and hot. The broth had a wonderful flavor that any first timer would love. It wasn't spicy at all . The combination of the broth and the meats were delicious. I will be back soon.
<review# 1591,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2014,9/30/2014,89,86,4,10,9>This place is most definitely a genuine slice of SA. It has historical relevance, it's uniquely cool, and captures the diversity of the Alamo city through their live music acts. But besides all of that, this place has got some things that really set it apart.The first time I walked in, I could tell they preserved the pharmacy feel rather well. After perusing the menu for a bit, I stumbled across their Guiness Milkshake and with that first sip, I fell in love. Okay, maybe it wasn't quite THAT serious but it was a perfect blend of childhood goodness with a hit of that rich amber stout. The Chicken Fried Chicken is one of my favorites in town for both the monstrous portions as well as for that perfect crispy outer layer and moist center. Their Mac n Cheese is just how I like it, more on the thick side, flavorfully seasoned and dumped heavily on my plate like I'm having my last good meal before the apocalypse. Beers on draft here never disappoint either. I've seen several local beers on tap here including Ranger Creek so that's a BIG plus in my book. The one item I'd say to pass on is their non-alcoholic shakes. They're very run of the mill and not worth it if you ask me. The service is always good here but in a no nonsense type of way. They take your order, bring it out in a timely manner and make sure your drink is always full. That's all I really want anyways, we don't have to be buds every time I walk through the door. All in all, this place makes good food, has great beer on tap, has something unique to offer with the setting and really entertains with their live music acts. Winning!
<review# 1592,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2013,9/29/2014,88,438,6,6,5>Wok on Wheels fills a VERY important gap in the market for those of use who don't want our chinese on a buffet or picked up in Styrofoam. This place has it down - web ordering so you know your order will be right. The delivery area is large, I'm north of 3009 and am still in their area. And the food is definitely a few steps above any other chinese in the area. I've always had my orders arrive hot and with way more fortune cookies and silverware than I could possibly need. I don't know why SA hates chinese delivery so much. What did delivery drivers ever do to you? Try this place out and enjoy in the comfort of your own home.
<review# 1593,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2011,1/16/2012,52,88,2,7,5>After browsing through reviews I had to come here with my family visiting from CA. We were on the hunt for the best BBQ in San Antonio and booooy oh booooooy this place DID NOT DISAPPOINT !  We ordered 2lbs each of brisket, rib tips and pulled pork, 1lb each of chicken and sausage and got some pudding. Unfortunately the place was too small to house my whole family so we ordered everything to-go. While we waited they definitely made our trip worthwhile. They gave us samples of almost everything on their menu and OMG everything was soooo gooood. And the samples were neverending. They even walked outside to offer samples to rest of my family patiently waiting. Im not a fan of peach cobbler but they just turned me into one.  And even after walking out the door they came after us to offer some freshly cooked chicken waangs! I was just amazed at how great their customer service was. You mos def get more than what you pay for here. I will be coming back FOR SURE. Love this place! Its better than Rudy's and we spent less . NO BBQ SAUCE NEEDED! thats how goood it was!
<review# 1594,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2011,1/15/2012,146,167,3,3,3>This location is really small, but oh, so cute. I was waiting for my car to be detailed around the corner, so I went in for a cup of coffee and kolache which were both good, and then ordered the Advacado BLT to go. The bread is so yummy! All the ingredients are natural and the bread is made in house, so you can fill-up without feeling stuffed or gross afterwards. Half sandwiches are ACTUALLY half sandwiches here, so if you're hungry, you're better off getting a full sandwich. I sat and read for a couple hours (because I had no choice), but the clientele was mostly the working lunch crowd, so I wouldn't recommend it for a leisurely cup a coffee, but the food makes this place a must-visit.
<review# 1595,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2011,1/14/2012,153,232,4,5,5>Good food at good prices.  I stopped in for lunch today and introduced a friend of mine to the joint.  He told me that I always new the little hidden spots around town.  I tried to pretend that it was all me but I finally confessed that I had a few thousand helpers...err...Yelpers to help me find the best neighborhood joints.  Once again a big shout out to my fellow yelpers to always helping me find the best local joints.  Taqueria Mexico never fails to exceed my expectations and I just love the lunch specials.  Try the enchiladas they have the best gravy around.
<review# 1596,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2011,1/13/2012,144,109,1,5,2>Great groomer! I've been a customer of Pink Poodle for a while and have always had a good experience. I dropped in just yesterday and decided I really should write a review.I needed to take my Yorkies to the vet for a routine checkup, but I was too embarrassed at their appearance (we've all had kinda a rough couple of months) so I decided to drop them off for a makeover first. I called in the morning and they worked me in that same day. I dropped off two grimey, matted, homeless looking Yorkies and picked up two beautiful, shiny, show-quality pups. They did a great job--total transformation. Pink Poodles' prices are fair--they charge me $29 per Yorkie for a teddy bear cut, plus tax and tip. They only take cash or checks, so be prepared. I seem to always forget and have to run next door to the H-E-B to withdraw cash. They are conveniently located right next to Pet Supplies Plus on BrookHollow.
<review# 1597,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2011,1/12/2012,70,182,1,1,1>Mix live music, stiff drinks, great food, and a killer atmosphere and you've got the recipe for a great time.  It may not be haute cuisine, there's no tablecloths, and their wine list is shit, but if there were only a couple restaurants in town, I'd hope and pray Flats was one of them.  And it's doggie friendly so I can bring the pooch with me!There's burgers (turkey too!), salades, nachos, and assorted other fair on the menu, and always a daily special.  And don't skip the sweet potato fries (protip: ask for salsa on the side, it's way better than the mayo stuff they're typically served with). They've been known to have strong drinks, occasionally there's frozen Long Islands available, and there's plenty of beer on tap or bottled.  For some reason if there's still room left in your brooko, you can grab a brownie for dessert, but I'd rather just have another margarita.  Only con?  Parking sucks.
<review# 1598,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2011,1/11/2012,211,97,4,7,8>I found Candy's by accident when I was looking for a place for lunch near the courthouse during a day of jury duty. Candy's is right across Flores from the courthouse, so it was an obvious choice for lunch.I walked in and was immediately surprised by the size of the place - it's tiny! There were maybe 15 small tables, at most, and we were handed menus and directed to a two top... Not that there is more than a two top in there - again, tiny. After a few minutes, the waitress came over and took our orders - jalapeño cheeseburgers for both me and my new BFF from jury duty. After about 10 minutes, our burgers and fries arrived, and they were great. The cheeseburger was big and juicy, and there was plenty of cheddar cheese piled on top. The jalapeños were plenty, too, and spicy! Fries were definitely of the frozen variety, but were still good.The thing That reassured me the most about Candy's was the clientele - you could tell that they were mostly regulars. Groups of workers came in and sat down, and pretty instantly got their food because they had called their order in before they got there. When one particular couple walked in, the waitress saw them and yelled back into the kitchen "Carl's here!" His order was promptly brought to his table. I absolutely love that because it means that a place is consistently good.Our meals with drinks were about $7 each, so it's definitely a cost-effective place to eat for lunch at work. I'll definitely hit this place again the next time I have to hang out at the courthouse, and probably before then.
<review# 1599,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2011,1/10/2012,397,255,2,9,4>We have been back to Maar's Pizza about 3 more times, and I have to upgrade it to five stars. It's some really good pizza. I order the 25" pizza for my boys birthday party, and it was the talk of the it was so good. and easily fed about 10 kids for $25. Maar's offers a 28" pizza, but that its for dine in only. (no box for it) I also had the chance to hit up happy hour $2 pints from 3pm-7pm; pizza and beer always make a great couple. So based on the previous 3 visits I'm upgrading Maar's to 5 stars.
<review# 1600,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2011,1/9/2012,117,143,3,8,3>This place will surprise you! Don't let the unassuming exterior throw you off, there's good stuff inside.Let's get to the important tips first: 1. Order a panini on their wheat rolls.2. They have pepperjack cheese. You want to go to there.3. WIth lunch you get two sides. See #4.4. Chips are fantastic with a sandwich, but the pasta salad here is worth a taste.I had the Italian panini and now I'm regretting I didn't have one for lunch and take one to go. They put the innards of the sandwich directly on the panini press for just a bit before building the sandwich and putting it back in the press for an extra little toasting.I opted for Sun Chips (don't judge me for trying to be health-conscious) and the pasta salad (see, I know how to indulge). You'll thank me after you've had this pasta salad. It's nothing to quit your job over, but it's definitely a delicious pasta salad. For just over $5 (you get a drink with all this, too) this place is a great deal for lunch downtown.Enjoy!
<review# 1601,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2011,1/8/2012,42,35,4,4,4>Normally when I go grocery shopping I go to HEB, but when I want to get super fresh produce and meat, I'll go to Central Market.  Recently, I decided that I like Central Market more than Whole Foods.  You get all the quality produce, as well as fresh, organic meats and seafoods, while also having 'non-organic' food and products available.  Every time I go into Whole Foods I forget that I won't be able to find any regular household products.. instead I find organic toilet paper, paper towels, laundry detergent, etc.  Central market has things like Downy and Fruity Pebbles.  Central Market is basically higher quality (and more expensive) HEB, while Whole Foods is an entity in itself.
<review# 1602,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2011,1/7/2012,13,64,,16,10>Hmmmmm, what can I say that hasn't already been said?Went for lunch, was seated quickly and drink orders were also taken quickly.  I ordered the Spicy Mango Delight, based on how much other yelp-ers liked it.  Enjoyed the soup, springroll, and entree.  All were good.  I think I may have had the Mango Delight a little more hyped up in my mind than what it was, but I still liked it.  I was happy that the mango was nice and ripe, and a really good contrast to the heat in the dish (I got a 3 in spicyness).Good value for a quick lunch.
<review# 1603,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2011,6/28/2012,7,43,2,2,2>SAMA's collection is not as robust as other major city museums. But they have a good sampling of decent work from various cultures. I enjoy the Latin American folk art collection, which I think is unique, as most museums don't put much emphasis on Latin American work, much less folk art. I also like the contemporary art curator. Seems to be down with the people, showing local artists work and work by artists like Alex Grey. They even had him as a guest speaker, and drew a diverse crowd. I like that he's in touch with art of the popular culture and not just interested in art that gets talked about at rich peoples cocktail parties or that's published in Artnews or wherever it is that that boring contemporary art gets talked about. Wish they'd sell off some of their decorative arts and buy better stuff that also doesn't make me bored. They have an inordinate amount of pots vases platters etc. that must have been bequeathed to the museum or something. Anyway Stop by Tuesday evenings for FREE admission!
<review# 1604,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2011,6/27/2012,2,44,3,3,3>Just had a delectable New Year's Eve supper here and I think this will have to rate among my favorite places to eat! The chicken fried steak was enormous and a good grade of tenderized steak with just the right amount of crispy breading. And these people know a thing or two about making cream gravy - about the best I've ever had.  The fried okra was crispy and a perfect compliment to the creamy-gooey jalapeño mac and cheese.  Top it off with a cold Shiner and you have one of the best dinners in the Hill Country!Hubby had a Richter burger that was a real, homemade burger patty of quality beef with all the trimmings.  He said it was as good a burger as he's had anywhere! The fries were the only thing about the meal that seemed kind of mediocre. Nothing to write home about. The dining room is full of deer head mounts and...you guessed it...antlers.  They also have plenty of outdoor seating so you can while away a nice afternoon on the patio sipping cold beer and eating the to-die-for fried mushrooms.
<review# 1605,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2012,6/26/2012,204,426,2,7,5>The Shops at the Alley are a wonderful place to disappear and wander for a few hours.  You are sure to find something that catches your eye and you may just have to take it home.  Around the holidays, you can count on tasty treats, warm drinks and live music.  Nowadays, Saturday mornings feature a Farmer's Market with fresh veggies, 'local' olive oil, flowers and crafts. There are a few options here to grab a bite to eat, I love to stop at Bin 555 for a long weekend lunch.  The entire area is pretty rustic and multi leveled but there are ramps so it is also stroller friendly.Enjoy this unique attraction hidden away on Bitters.  Visit to pick up a gift, a treat for yourself or just to spend some time away from it all!
<review# 1606,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2012,6/25/2012,66,85,,4,2>After viewing this property, I came home raving about the beauty and exquisiteness of the hotel. The hotel is green! The entrance is breathtaking... it's modern and chic with a touch of feminine designs. The spa (located to the right of the entrance) is an all-natural spa. The massage rooms are spacious and warm. The spa has the perfect area with an outdoor patio and fireplace to relax for a girls weekend, couples retreat, or wedding weekend. The hotel's restaurant is one of it's kind. They truly put a mass amount of thought into every detail. The waitstaff is prompt and friendly. The menu consists of items from sandwiches, burgers, salads, to salmon, or chicken. There were 3 of us, we ordered a flatbread appetizer-- a little too crunchy for me, but it was tasty. We split the wedge salad, which was a perfect start to a filling lunch.  I ordered the salmon... the eye catching presentation made it difficult to indulge. The salmon was amazing... I loved every bite. Our dessert was another hard to eat item because the presentation was superb. The coolest thing about the hotel is the rooms are individually designed in their own unique way. Every room is different... from the lamps, the rugs, to the bed frames. The presidential suite is designed from a combination of all the rooms-- very tasteful and elegant. I would recommend staying at this hotel... I can't review the hotel service because I was just given a tour of the property, but I wouldn't expect anything less than five-star.
<review# 1607,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2012,6/24/2012,85,159,3,9,4>Fresh ingredients, big sandwiches (cheap too! $4.95), friendly service, and a funky vibe.  I can't really ask for more, except perhaps more parking.  For me, it was love at first bite.  Their homemade bread is soft, slightly sweet, and warm; the perfect vessel for fresh ingredients.  The Filling Station Cafe makes their own aioli (jalapeno and habanero are sure to please), which is a must for me.  Their habanero turkey sandwich was loaded with meat and the habanero aioli was delicious, not overwhelming but definitely spicy.  I could feel a slight burn on my lips for a while, a sweet reminder that I must make The Filling Station Cafe one of my go-to lunch places.**Make sure you get there either before or after the lunch rush because the place fills up quick!
<review# 1608,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2012,6/23/2012,74,299,1,3,1>Green fields market is less expensive than Central Market and is a great alternative, especially for people living closer to 1604.  I don't have an extensive list of comments since I stopped by just once.The wide array of cheeses took me aback.  There were two standalone refrigeration units almost dedicated to cheese.  The organization could have been better, and I was confused to have found Australian Gruyere and no Swiss Gruyere.  The meat selection at the deli was equally vast.  Since I've been using chocolate milk as a recovery drink lately, I was happy to see a gallon of Borden's chocolate milk - my HEB doesn't carry this size of chocolate milk at all.  Overall, I think their products look fresh, the store is clean, cashiers friendly, and prices are very competitive with your average HEB.BTW, I took off one star because the cheese I bought tasted like it had been refrigerated too long.  Probably a result of having cut a large quantity and not being able to move them fast enough.
<review# 1609,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2012,6/22/2012,32,48,2,3,3>Don't let the size and  location of the brewery fool you! This brewery AND distillery is PHENOMENAL! Each beer and the .36 Texas bourbon is of the highest quality and flavors! The flavors of the oat-pale ale, mesquite-smoked porter, and seasonal brews make Ranger Creek a complete and rare brewery.   What makes ranger creek even more amazing is they make a bourbon that has hints of cinnamon and citrus tones that forces you to sit back and take your time drinking it!   Every Saturday they have an open house and the brewers take the time to explain the ingredients and process that goes into each beer recipe! Consider yourself lucky for trying a glass of ranger creek!
<review# 1610,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2011,6/21/2012,106,165,3,2,2>Cold, inexpensive national & local brews. Their daily specials are really good at this neighborhood bar.It has been open for over 3 years and it is still as clean as whenil it first opened.What can I say about the bar staff? These ladies are not only great at what they do-attentive, friendly, and knowledgeable, they are all HOTTER THAN A GHOST PEPPER SANDWICH WITH JALAPENO MAYO ON AN AUGUST AFTERNOON IN THE DESERT.BONUS: Pazza Pizza (pazzapizzaonline.com) next-door and owned by the same people: AHHHMAZING food.
<review# 1611,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2011,6/20/2012,838,696,3,3,2>I never thought I'd ever pay homage to the toilet seat, but when you think about how much of your life is spent on the john, it's good to pay respect to it. Barney has the most complete collection of toilet seats I have ever seen in one place. Downright mind-blowing. Parts of the Berlin Wall in the toilet seat?! Awesome. A marijuana leaf sunk into another toilet seat to remind you every time you have to go not to do drugs. Informative. Religious messages on the toilet- Inspirational.  The craziest thing is, his home toilet seat that he uses every day is plain and normal. It's worth checking out. If Barney's out there, he'll tell you the story behind any of the toilet seats. He's an international celebrity with his toilet seats.
<review# 1612,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2012,6/19/2012,245,102,4,16,6>Holy mother of God, was this place good.  I was in the area the other day and finally got a chance to stop in.  After a little chat with the owner and publicist, I decided what my to go order would be. I got the Rosalie's special.  Tofu and sundried tomato enchiladas, cilantro coconut rice, black beans and a salad.  Even the simplest thing, like the salad, was delicious.  There was some mind blowing vinaigrette on it.  Seriously, it made me so happy.  For dessert, I had the raw coconut topped brownie.  I was skeptical, as I like my baked goods to be traditional, but it was one of the best things I"ve ever tasted.  I went back the next day for a tasty (un)baked snack.  This place blew me away.  It's simple, tasty food that makes you feel like you made a good choice.
<review# 1613,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2012,2/21/2013,56,184,3,5,5>I don't think I would have known about or ventured to K&F if it hadn't of been for the Yelp event.  I'm sure glad we went though.The atmosphere is fun, very "austin-ish".  I love the random games... skee-ball, master buck (?), corn hole out on the patio, and tons of jenga games.The drinks were nice and strong, and the bartenders knew what they were doing.  Very prompt service, and  very friendly!   We ordered the lettuce wraps and spicy fries.  The beef on the wraps were super spicy, but oh so good as well!My only complaint would have to be that I would have no idea it was there if it wasn't for Yelp.  It was kind of hard to find, no sign off Stoneoak.
<review# 1614,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2012,2/20/2013,125,290,7,9,4>As my search for the perfect brunch continues, I decided to see what Candelight Coffeehouse has to offer.  On a Sunday, I grabbed a brunch buddy and stopped by.  Being an absolute newbie to Candelight Coffeehouse, it took me awhile to get their set-up.  First, it's counter service which wasn't immediately apparent and I'm not sure if I cut in line but a couple was giving me mad ojo so it's entirely possible.  I ordered my go-to Bottomless Mimosa and the Seasonal Waffle which was Apple & Bacon filled.Now let me get in my one gripe, the mimosa situation.  It's not a cheap option ($10ish) and while I know they do counter service only, it was a huge pain in the ass to get up and fill my own mimosa.  I guess jokes on them because my champagne to orange juice ratio was a little.. one-sided.  Ok, negatives aside, this waffle was absolutely delicious!  Thick, soft and tinted dark with the high amount of nutmeg and cinnamon used.  Oh, I haven't even gotten to the best part.  Instead of calling them "apple" waffles and adding a dab of apple sauce (which is a total cop-out, let's be honest) there were chunks of them!  Each bite I was hoping to get one and if I didn't, I was met with a nice consolation prize: BACON.  Bacon complements apple so well, everything that has one should automatically have the other.  I mean, c'mon, Apple Bacon Pies.  I'm copyrighting that.The seating situation mimicked Madhatters which is adorable but I recommend getting there early if you don't want to have to sit outside.  Great brunch and cozy atmosphere, perfect for a lazy Sunday!
<review# 1615,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2013,2/19/2013,109,306,2,5,4>Fresh Urban Flowers has a unique approach to a common profession...ORIGINALITY! They dont send out 10,000 of the same bouquet - they create unique arrangements as special as the person they are made for. Although, their arrangements do hold a slightly higher price point, its worth the few extra dollars to have someone DESIGN an arrangment for you vs giving the red rose bouquet you can pick up at wal*mart at midnight. They're an A-plus company with A-plus staff. Always the right choice :)
<review# 1616,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2013,2/18/2013,70,122,2,8,3>Though I am neither vegetarian nor vegan, I have become a fan of this restaurant. It took me a little while, but I have come to realize that San Antonio is lucky to have a true, honest-to-goodness vegan place in town. USA Today just listed Vegeria as one of their top ten great vegan places in the United States. Congratulations!The restaurant is small, but charming. Wooden floors and a casual atmosphere will make you think that you are eating at your favorite aunt's house. For starters, I love their fried potato poblano lentil cakes. It has great flavor, thanks to the blend of spices, and a nice texture because of the lentils. As for main courses, the potato, corn, poblano flautas are absolutely delicious... crispy, hot, and satisfying. The monster tacos are indeed monster-ly and a two will easily quench a big appetite (I recommend the monster veggie buffalo taco). The road trip burger is good with its combination of fresh vegetables and black bean/sunflower seed patty and condiments like cashew cheddar and chipotle thousand island dressing.If you do opt for dessert, know that the sweets are gluten free and there is a wide selection.Vegeria recently expanded their hours and will start a weekend brunch very soon. On Saturday nights, the restaurant will expand their dinner service and will offer local, seasonal entrees. They will also feature vegan ice cream sundaes, banana splits, and vegan brownie a la mode with fudge, but only on Saturday.Vegans, vegetarians, and healthy eaters are lucky to have yet another great restaurant in San Antonio. With recipes handed down by their grandmother and lovingly modified by vegan hands, the owners of Vegeria will win their way into your heart (and stomach) like they did me.
<review# 1617,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2013,2/17/2013,32,166,3,4,4>[Clap clap.] That's me. I'm happy and I know it, so I'm clapping my hands. I just picked up lunch at Happy Guy Chinese Cuisine, and it was hand-clapping good, making me one happy gal. The restaurant, despite its sketchy strip center surroundings, is very clean and decorated with Chinese symbols and lanterns, and they have those wonderful  Chinese Zodiac placemats under glass on the tables that I remember so vividly from my youth, back when eating Chinese food seemed so exotic. I placed my to-go order at the hostess station at the front of the restaurant and observed tables (everything from big groups sitting around a lazy Susan to solo diners) happily eating a variety of lunch specials. I ordered the Hong Kong Beef Noodle Soup, and it was enough food for several meals. I loved how they put the noodles in a separate container, allowing me to add as much as I wanted as I enjoyed my delicious soup--tender slices of beef swimming in a fresh broth with cabbage, carrots, onion, broccoli, mushrooms, and bean sprouts, all for around $6. Very friendly servers and staff. I'll be back.
<review# 1618,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2013,2/16/2013,119,309,4,4,5>I had a craving for a hamburger last night, but one from a fast food joint just wasn't going to cut the mustard. I have seen Tycoon Flats many times before. After all it's just across the street from Candlelight, and I was meeting some friends there later, but I wanted to eat before. The flashing red OPEN sign finally beckoned me to it. I walked in and was greeted with a smile and told to sit anywhere I wanted. I sat down and was brought a menu and ordered a Coke. By the time my waiter brought my drink I was ready to order. I went for just the standard cheeseburger, all the way, mustard, and  fries on the side. About 10 minutes after I ordered my burger arrived. It was a perfectly cooked and seasoned patty of meat. Very juicy and still pink inside. Which is just right. I may like my steaks rare, but hamburgers I like done a little bit more to a nice medium. everything else was in perfect proportion to the patty.The nicely toasted bun was just right for the meat, and it was obvious that this bun didn't come from a cello bag. The veg on the burger was just the right amount of toppings too,and my French fries were just right as well, crispy outside yet still tender inside. That hit the spot! Itold my waiter that, and hetold me that everyone loves their burgers. I'll definitely go back. Who knows, maybe the next time I do I'll get passed the burger section of the menu ;)
<review# 1619,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2012,2/15/2013,37,101,3,3,3>I have been coming here for at least 8 years or so off and on though because even though it is super good, it's heavy on the stomach and this is not the place to go if you are looking for a light meal, however if u want some great tasting full of flavor, fresh and hot food well you have hit the spot. I am a fan of the wonton soup, general's chicken and they have the BESTegg rolls in town. My mouth is watering while writing this post....seesh! Anyway thumbs up and sometimes u just can't resist a little IRRESTIBLE chinese food.....will keep going back. Ps: I am not wasting time yelping about the service or atmosphere because all in all I am here for the food and that only, some people miss this concept :-)
<review# 1620,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2012,2/14/2013,36,227,8,19,10>This place is like a food truck without the wheels.  Why is that you ask?  First, the place is small enough to have wheels.  Order your food from the window and either take it with you, eat it on the curb, or sit in one of the few tables they have.  Hidden in the back is a fenced in garden area with a couple covered picnic tables and other open seating.  Secondly is the food, though it is truly remarkable.  I've always admired foodtrucks for the creations that come out, unafraid to venture to new territories of taste and at times, expound on the traditional.  That is what they do here.  Labeled as "organic, southern-style, and gluten-free," they have added their own healthy twist, and they have done well with it.  The sweet potato pie (or is it yam?) is small enough to allay any guilt, but big enough to satisfy my need, though the sweet potato cake was even better.  The Texas Turkey Chili was fantastic.  Big bowl of turkey, black beans, and other veggies and spices for just enough kick; perfect for our cool night, and they don't skimp on the important ingredients.   The drumette sauce was one of the best i've had and sad to say I cannot remember if it was the buffalo, bbq, or sesame ginger.  I think we ordered the last one - just awesome.  D-Geezy's Mac n Cheesy was simple and gluten-free.  The yams, rice, greens, everything was so good.Lastly, I have to say the hospitality here matches their name.  Everyone is in a great mood, going the extra mile to ensure we were taken care of and that our food was okay.  The chef, Gus, came out to ask how our food was and join in our conversation.  Very down to earth, humble artisans here.Folks, this place is now one of my favorite places to eat here in San Antonio.  It ain't much from the outside, but if you like good healthy food, you should give them a try.  Lotta of heart inthis place.
<review# 1621,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2012,2/13/2013,645,1719,3,4,3>Somehow I always forget about this tiny theater, though it is one of my favorites. I enjoy the most anticipated movies of the current season as much as your average person, but I do try to fit in a few indie and foreign films in when I can spare the time and they look particularly good.This place is nice and small and tends to have many older People in the audience, which generally leads to a more respectful and polite audience. The ticket prices are comparable to every other theatre in town, so consider coming in for a weekend matinee instead of an evening date. The food is overpriced, as are other dine-in theaters, but this one offers more and classier options. For example, there is a baked Brie appetizer available, and I enjoyed a strawberry margarita on my last visit.
<review# 1622,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2012,2/12/2013,89,112,3,5,4>Joey's has a relaxed feel and caters to a 30's plus crowd. If you just want to chat and actually hear the people around you in a nice looking environment, this would be a good place to go. They have patio with a few long wooden benches and tall stools and an interesting looking spiral staircase that takes you to another seating area. Also, Joey's has a large room with pool tables adjacent to the bar area - another great asset.Something about Joey's makes you just feel so nostalgic... I don't know ... It just feels like a Cheers episode.Everyone may not know your name, but it IS really laid-back, especially for the St. Mary's strip.
